ARTICLE

October 28, 2016 112 While the Western press continues scaring its public of "Russian aggression" and blaming Russia for influencing the 2016 American presidential elections, Vladimir Putin just made a speech that is unlikely to appear in any mainstream media. Share on Facebook 
At the meeting of experts at the Valdai Club in Sochi on October 27, Putin said about the U.S. elections: 'a look at various candidates' platforms gives the impression that they were made from the same mould – the difference is slight, if there is any.' 
Putin called U.S. stories of 'Russian hacking the U.S. election' as a 'mythical and imaginary problem' and 'the hysteria the USA has whipped up over supposed Russian meddling in the American presidential election,' instead of focusing on the domestic issues: 
'The United States has plenty of genuinely urgent problems, it would seem, from the colossal public debt to the increase in firearms violence and cases of arbitrary action by the police. You would think that the election debates would concentrate on these and other unresolved problems, but the elite has nothing with which to reassure society, it seems, and therefore attempt to distract public attention by pointing instead to supposed Russian hackers, spies, agents of influence and so forth.' 
'Does anyone seriously imagine that Russia can somehow influence the American people's choice? America is not some kind of 'banana republic', after all, but is a great power. Do correct me if I am wrong.' 
Putin reminded us who the real rulers are: 
'The expanding class of the supranational oligarchy and bureaucracy, which is in fact often not elected and not controlled by society, or the majority of citizens, who want simple and plain things – stability, free development of their countries, prospects for their lives and the lives of their children, preserving their cultural identity, and, finally, basic security for themselves and their loved ones.' 
Referring to the Western elites' downplaying the growing gap between rich and poor, Putin said: 
'It seems as if the elites do not see the deepening stratification in society and the erosion of the middle class, while at the same time, they implant ideological ideas that, in my opinion, are destructive to cultural and national identity. And in certain cases, in some countries they subvert national interests and renounce sovereignty in exchange for the favor of the suzerain.' 
Putin reminded everyone that current situation of instability in the world is a direct result of the choice made by the United States after the end of the Cold War to take 'the course of simply reshaping the global political and economic order to fit their own interests.' By taking this course, the U.S. missed a chance to make globalization 'more harmonious and sustainable in nature.' 
In their euphoria of winning the Cold war, the United States 'essentially abandoned substantive and equal dialogue with other actors in international life, chose not to improve or create universal institutions, and attempted instead to bring the entire world under the spread of their own organisations, norms and rules. They chose the road of globalization and security for their own beloved selves, for the select few, and not for all. But far from everyone was ready to agree with this.' 
This victorious attitude led to the system of international relations where 'rules and principles, in the economy and in politics, are constantly being distorted and we often see what only yesterday was taken as a truth and raised to dogma status reversed completely. ' 
On the Western hypocrisy and double talk, Putin said: 
'If the powers that be today find some standard or norm to their advantage, they force everyone else to comply. But if tomorrow these same standards get in their way, they are swift to throw them in the bin, declare them obsolete, and set or try to set new rules.' 
Russian president reminded about the U.S.-led decision 'to launch airstrikes in the center of Europe, against Belgrade, and then came Iraq, and then Libya,' and turning the UN into a tool of U.S. foreign policy: 
'The operations in Afghanistan also started without the corresponding decision from the United Nations Security Council. In their desire to shift the strategic balance in their favor these countries broke apart the international legal framework that prohibited deployment of new missile defense systems. They created and armed terrorist groups, whose cruel actions have sent millions of civilians into flight, made millions of displaced persons and immigrants, and plunged entire regions into chaos.' 
In the global economy, multilateral institutions also became a tool to promote the interests of few: 
'We see how free trade is being sacrificed and countries use sanctions as a means of political pressure, bypass the World Trade Organization and attempt to establish closed economic alliances with strict rules and barriers, in which the main beneficiaries are their own transnational corporations. And we know this is happening. They see that they cannot resolve all of the problems within the WTO framework and so think, why not throw the rules and the organization itself aside and build a new one instead.' 
Always referring to the U.S. as 'some of our partners,' Putin stressed that they 'demonstrate no desire to resolve the real international problems in the world today.' Instead of making OSCE, 'a crucial mechanism for ensuring common European and also trans-Atlantic security,' it was shaped into 'an instrument in the service of someone's foreign policy interests.' 
About constant vilification of Russia and trumpeting of 'Russian aggression,' Putin said: 'they continue to churn out threats, imaginary and mythical threats such as the 'Russian military threat'. This is a profitable business that can be used to pump new money into defense budgets at home, get allies to bend to a single superpower's interests, expand NATO and bring its infrastructure, military units and arms closer to our borders. 
Of course, it can be a pleasing and even profitable task to portray oneself as the defender of civilization against the new barbarians. The only thing is that Russia has no intention of attacking anyone. This is all quite absurd. 
It is unthinkable, foolish and completely unrealistic. It is simply absurd to even conceive such thoughts. And yet they use these ideas in pursuit of their political aims. 
The question is, if things continue in this vein, what awaits the world? What kind of world will we have tomorrow? Do we have answers to the questions of how to ensure stability, security and sustainable economic growth? Do we know how we will make a more prosperous world?' 

ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
In a complete 180, Hillary Clinton is now the Presidential candidate that is talking about a US election that is rigged… courtesy of the FBI . 
It so enjoyable watching the neo-liberal left, Hillary Clinton crime syndicate, scramble to divert attention away from justice finally being carried out against her entire corrupt group of grifters. 
Was it not just a few weeks ago that the Clinton campaign was blasting Trump comments on elections rigging. 
Hello shoe, meet the other foot…Here is Hillary Clinton alluding to an FBI vote rigging operation… 
'It is pretty strange, it's pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information, right before an election.' 
'In fact it's not just strange, it's unprecedented and it is deeply troubling.' 
It's not strange at all. You broke the law multiple times, over multiple instances. 
With all the pay-to-play Clinton Foundation evidence and Libya illegal war funding ISIS activity overseen by 'her', we subscribe to the view held by these baseball fans who held up a large 'Hillary for Prison' sign during the World Series Postgame Show. 
It was impossible to ignore… 

ARTICLE

October 30, 2016 4056 The intense anti-Russian campaign in the West is a sign of weakness rather than strength. The Russian air defence system in Syria has closed down the US's military options. Hillary Clinton knows it and her policies in Syria if she is elected President will be simply a continuation of Obama's. Share on Facebook October 2016 will one day be recognised as one of those months – like October 1962 and October 1973 – when the world passed through a period of great danger. The cause of the danger was the collapse in September of the Kerry-Lavrov agreement and the resulting stand-off this October between the US and Russia in Syria. This culminated in high level discussions within the US government about possible attacks on Syrian army bases , followed by public threats from Russia to shoot down US aircraft if such attacks took place. As The Duran reported – but as the Western media has conspicuously failed to do – following these threats from Russia, the US backed down . These events have been barely reported in the West. Instead what we have witnessed is a deafening cacophony of abuse of Russia for its actions in Syria, with the country baselessly accused of war crimes , and with things written and said about its political leadership which go far beyond what was written and said even during the height of the Ukrainian crisis in 2014. At one level this abuse is an attempt to embarrass the Russians to call off the Syrian army's offensive on the Jihadi held districts of eastern Aleppo. However it undoubtedly also reflects the huge anger and sense of humiliation in Washington and in certain other Western capitals caused by the US climbdown earlier in the month. The intensity of the media campaign against Russia is however creating something of a climate of fear, with most people unaware that the most dangerous moment of the crisis has in fact already passed. Much of this fear is centred on the personality of Hillary Clinton, now widely expected to be the next US President. Based on her record and her statements, she is widely supposed to be a hardline foreign policy hawk who has never seen a war she didn't like or want to join, and who is widely expected to escalate dramatically the confrontation with Russia in Syria and elsewhere. Many also point to Hillary Clinton's known previous support for a no fly zone in Syria, and her comments on the campaign trail, which many see as suggesting that she plans one still. Is all this however true? Is the greatest moment of confrontation between the US and Russia in Syria still to come? Will things really get far more dangerous if Hillary Clinton becomes President? Are we really looking at World War III? In my opinion these fears are wrong. The great confrontation has already taken place, and it took place this October. A direct clash between the US and the Russian militaries in Syria was avoided, and there is now no possibility that it will happen. What this means is that there is now no possibility of Hillary Clinton imposing a no fly zone on Syria or of her ordering an armed confrontation with the Russians there. Nor is there any chance of Barack Obama doing so in the few months left to him. Nor is there any chance of either Obama or Hillary supporting Boris Johnson's hare-brained idea for a no bombing zone in Syria, or of either of Obama or Hillary Clinton ordering US attacks on Syrian military bases. The reason none of these things will happen is because the US's uniformed military opposes all of them. In the face of the US military's opposition none of them can happen. The reason the US military opposes these schemes is because they would all require the US military to take on the very extensive and very sophisticated air defence system the Russians have set up in Syria. The US military has made it absolutely clear that it is completely opposed to doing this. In the days immediately following the US climbdown brave reports appeared in parts of the media which claimed the US military is confident of its ability to take on and defeat the Russian air defence system. It did not however take long for a report to appear in The Washington Post – obviously sourced from the US military – which made it clear that this is not the case. The Washington Post article, in addition to giving a comprehensive picture of the scale of the Russian air defence system in Syria, contains a frank admission that the US military is far from confident of its ability to defeat it 'While there is some disagreement among military experts as to the capability of the Russian systems, particularly the newly deployed S-300, 'the reality is, we're very concerned anytime those are emplaced,' a U.S. Defense official said. Neither its touted ability to counter U.S. stealth technology, or to target low-flying aircraft, has ever been tested by the United States. 'It's not like we've had any shoot at an F-35,' the official said of the next-generation U.S. fighter jet. 'We're not sure if any of our aircraft can defeat the S-300.'' Since this article appeared in The Washington Post information has trickled out showing just how formidable the Russian defence system in Syria actually is. Whatever the precise purpose of the Russian military's complaint about the alleged Belgian air raid on Hasajek , it does at least show that the Russians can now track US and NATO aircraft as they take off from their bases in Jordan, and almost certainly from Incirlik air base in Turkey as well. The Israeli newspaper Haaretz has also admitted that the Russian air defence system is restricting the operations of the Israeli force, with the US based internet journal Al-Monitor reporting – based obviously on information provided by Israeli sources – that 'The S-300 and S-400 missile systems that Russia put in place cover all of Israel up to the southern Negev. Russian radar will immediately lock on Israeli jets taking off from any base, except for the Uvda air force base near the southern city of Eilat, and their flight patterns will be under constant surveillance . That is how the Russians keep an eye on the Israeli air force's activities over 'hotspots' along the borders between Syria and Lebanon. Should he want to, Putin can simply push a button and turn the lives of Israeli pilots and the commanders who sent them on offensive strikes in Syria into a living hell.' (bold italics added) Meanwhile we know US intelligence is advising the US government that the Russians not only have the capability to shoot down US aircraft, but are not bluffing when they say they will do so. No less a person than Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, speaking to the Council of Foreign Relations on Tuesday 25th October 2016, has said as much 'I wouldn't put it past them ( NB: the Russians – AM ) to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that was threatening to their forces on the ground. The system they have there is very advanced, very capable and I don't think they'd do it – deploy it – if they didn't have some intention to use it.' The Washington Post article confirms that the US military was always reluctant to impose a no fly zone over Syria because of Syria's sophisticated air defences. In the face of the vastly more sophisticated air defence system the Russians have created in Syria the option of declaring a no fly zone over Syria or of undertaking any of the other US military options that have been talked about in Syria for all practical purposes no longer exists. In saying this I realise some people continue to imagine terrifying scenarios of the US swamping the Russian air defence system in Syria by launching hundreds of aircraft and missiles against it whilst daring Russia to escalate. In the real world of political and military decision making, it beggars belief the US military would be prepared to do this in view of the heavy casualties and the possibility of uncontrolled escalation it would risk. There is simply no chance of the US military willingly engaging in a military confrontation with the Russians in Syria and risking World War III in order to rescue a gang of Al-Qaeda led Jihadi terrorists in Aleppo and to fulfil some people's fantasies of regime change there. None of this is going to change if Hillary Clinton is elected President in November. Whilst Hillary Clinton could in theory try to order the US military to take military action and risk confrontation with the Russians in Syria against its wishes, in practical political terms doing this is all but impossible since it would leave her catastrophically exposed in the very likely event that something went badly wrong. In addition Hillary Clinton would almost certainly face a massive groundswell of opposition from Congress and the nation, which would surely dwarf the one that caused Obama to back off his proposed missile strikes against Syria in 2013, if she tried to do such a completely reckless thing. Hillary Clinton, whatever her faults, is far too experienced a politician to take on these well-nigh unbelievable risks. It is not as if Hillary Clinton does not know the huge risks of ordering military action in Syria. Here is what she said about them back in 2013, when she discussed the prospects of imposing a no fly zone in Syria during a private speech to Goldman Sachs 'They ( NB: the Syrians – AM ) are getting more sophisticated thanks to Russian imports. To have a no-fly zone you have to take out all of the air defense, many of which are located in populated areas. So our missiles, even if they are standoff missiles so we're not putting our pilots at risk—you're going to kill a lot of Syrians. So all of a sudden this intervention that people talk about so glibly becomes an American and NATO involvement where you take a lot of civilians. In Libya we didn't have that problem. It's a huge place. The air defenses were not that sophisticated and there wasn't very—in fact, there were very few civilian casualties. That wouldn't be the case. And then you add on to it a lot of the air defenses are not only in civilian population centers but near some of their chemical stockpiles. You do not want a missile hitting a chemical stockpile.' Note that Hillary Clinton said all these things back in 2013, long before the Russians deployed their own vastly more sophisticated air defence system in Syria. If she had doubts about the wisdom of military action in Syria in 2013, then she will have far greater doubts about it now If a President as belligerent and confrontational as George W. Bush was unable to order the US military to attack Iran against its wishes – as he undoubtedly wanted – then there is no possibility Hillary Clinton – who despite her reputation is neither stupid nor a fanatic – can order the US military against its wishes to attack the Russian military in Syria now. What then of Hillary Clinton's supposed campaign statements about wanting a no fly zone in Syria? When these are read carefully it becomes clear that Hillary Clinton plans no such thing. Here is what she had to say on the subject during her third debate with Donald Trump 'First of all, I think a no-fly zone could save lives and could hasten the end of the conflict. I'm well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general. This would not be done just on the first day. This would take a lot of negotiation, and it would also take making it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that our purpose here was to provide safe Zones on the ground .' (bold italics added) In other words what Hillary Clinton is really supporting is not a no fly zone across the whole of Syria, but a 'safe zone' within Syria the terms of which would be negotiated with the Syrians and the Russians. That is of course exactly what the Turks – with US support – are already busy setting up in north east Syria through their Operation Euphrates Shield. In fact the more carefully Hillary Clinton's comments are analysed the clearer it becomes that her policies if elected would be essentially the same as those of the current Obama administration. In her private 2013 comments to Goldman Sachs she made it clear that her preferred way of working in Syria was not through direct confrontation with the Syrians but covertly – in other words by arming and aiding the famously elusive 'moderate rebels' in Syria in exactly the way the US under Obama has been doing 'And there is still an argument that goes on inside the administration and inside our friends at NATO and the Europeans. How do intervene—my view was you intervene as covertly as is possible for Americans to intervene . We used to be much better at this than we are now.' (bold italics added) However in her final third debate with Donald Trump she let slip that she is no more keen for Jihadis to get hold of sophisticated weapons (including by implication anti aircraft weapons) than Obama is, even if she tried to hide the fact by making a bizarre point about terrorists being prevented from buying guns across the counter in the US 'That's why I want to have an intelligence surge that protect us here at home while we have to go after them from the air, on the ground, online. Why we have to make sure here at home we don't let terrorists buy weapons. If you're too dangerous to fly, you're too dangerous to buy a gun.' This is consistent with what Hillary Clinton said in 2013 to the Jewish United Fund Advance & Major Gifts Dinner, where she admitted that the large scale presence of militant Jihadi groups sponsored by Saudi Arabia and Qatar in Syria has made distinguishing between 'moderate rebels' and Jihadi militants – and preventing weapons supplied to 'moderate rebels' from falling into the hands of Jihadi militants – all but impossible 'Some of us thought, perhaps, we could, with a more robust, covert action trying to vet, identify, train and arm cadres of rebels that would at least have the firepower to be able to protect themselves against both Assad and the Al-Qaeda-related jihadist groups that have, unfortunately, been attracted to Syria. That's been complicated by the fact that the Saudis and others are shipping large amounts of weapons—and pretty indiscriminately—not at all targeted toward the people that we think would be the more moderate, least likely, to cause problems in the future, but this is another one of those very tough analytical problems.' Overall it is impossible to see any real difference between the policies Hillary Clinton advocates and those Barack Obama is already following in Syria. Like Barack Obama Hillary Clinton does not intend to impose a no fly zone. Like Barack Obama Hillary Clinton is wary of supplying sophisticated weapons to the 'moderate rebels' in case they might fall into the hands of Jihadi militants. Hillary Clinton does want to set up a 'safe zone' in Syria, which she believes (almost certainly wrongly) will give her 'leverage' over the Russians in future negotiations about Syria's future. However she realises this has to be negotiated with the Russians, and besides it is what Erdogan and Obama are already busy trying to set up in north east Syria through Operation Euphrates Shield, so far with only very partial success. Even Hillary Clinton's immediately declared objectives are the same as Obama's . Like Obama her priority is not regime change in Damascus or the capture of Aleppo; it is the capture first of Mosul and then of Raqqah 'The goal here is to take back Mosul. It's going to be a hard fight. I've got no illusions about that. And then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqah, which is the ISIS headquarters.' It is no coincidence that shortly after these comments the Obama administration openly discussed plans to capture Raqqah . The similarity of positions on Syria between Obama and Hillary Clinton in fact reveals an important truth about a future Hillary Clinton administration: it would not be a new administration at all, but rather it would be an extension of the present one. This is not surprising. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama worked closely together when Hillary Clinton was Obama's Secretary of State. Obama obviously wants her to win the election and is pulling out all the stops to help her . it is a certainty she is being consulted about administration policy and has a role in making it, and that issues like the capture of Mosul and Raqqah are discussed with her. Just as Obama is less of a dove than he sometimes likes to pretend, so Hillary Clinton is less of a hawk than she sometimes wants people to think. It is often overlooked that Obama and Hillary Clinton are both lawyers. Both are skilled at using language to give a sometimes misleading impression of what they are about. There is no doubt about the huge anger and of the sense of humiliation in Washington at the climbdown Russia forced on the US this October. There is also no doubt that there are lots of people in the US foreign policy establishment who yearn for a President who will 'put Putin in his place' and who will take a more confrontational line with Russia on Syria and elsewhere. These people unfortunately have achieved a lock-grip on the US and Western media, and this enables them to a great degree to shape the public discussion with the result that they have a disproportionate influence on policy. Unfortunately Hillary Clinton has chosen to fight her election campaign by pandering to these people. The result is that she gives the impression of intending a more confrontational policy in Syria than a careful analysis of her words shows she really does. Thus she has fostered the impression that she is looking to impose a no fly zone on Syria when a careful analysis of her words shows she intends no such thing. This is going to create many problems for Hillary Clinton if she does win the election. However that does not change the fact, which Hillary Clinton certainly knows, that following the events of this October a direct military confrontation between the US and the Russians in Syria because of the opposition of the US military quite simply cannot happen. The US is not going to declare a no fly zone over Syria, or ride to the rescue of the Jihadis in Aleppo, or take any other military steps there beyond those it has already taken, whether Hillary Clinton is elected US President in November or not. What we are unfortunately likely to see is a case of more of the same, even though that is a same which has already repeatedly failed. Thus we can expect more attempts to identify and train 'moderate' Jihadis and to supply them with more weapons – this time inside the Turkish controlled 'safe zone' that is being created for them – and perhaps more efforts to redirect the more radical Jihadis from Iraq to Syria to cause more trouble for the Russians and for the Syrian government. In my opinion these policies – which are simply continuations of the policies the US has been following in Syria ever since the war started there more than four years ago – are unsustainable, and are bound eventually to fail. With the populous areas of western Syria and the main cities all likely to fall soon under the secure control of the internationally recognised Syrian government, these policies cannot achieve regime change in Syria. If the US persists with them the US far more than Russia risks becomes bogged down in Syria in a war it cannot win. As a matter of fact there are tell-tale signs this is already happening, with the US plan to advance on Raqqah already causing problems with the US's Turkish ally. Putting all that aside, the sound and fury of the current anti-Russian campaign should not mislead us. It is not a reason for fear. It is a product of weakness and failure, not of confidence and strength. Its exceptionally high volume and its ferocious tone are the product of the US's feelings of humiliation and failure in Syria following the events of this October. It is after all natural for someone who feels defeated to over-compensate by being over-assertive, and that is what we are witnessing now. Certainly the anti-Russian campaign is not a sign the US is about to go to war with Russia, whether in Syria or anywhere else. On the contrary it is a reflection of the fact war cannot happen precisely because the US in the form of the Russian air defence system in Syria is now faced with an adversary it is not confident it can defeat at any remotely acceptable cost. Irrespective of whether Hillary Clinton wins the Presidency in November, that is the reality. The moment of greatest danger in the Syrian crisis has passed.

ARTICLE

November 2, 2016 555 Russian and Turkish military chiefs meet in Moscow today as Russia publicly demands withdrawal of all Jihadis from Aleppo. Share on Facebook Following the failure of the Al-Qaeda attempt to break the siege of the Jihadi held district of Aleppo, Russia's President Vladimir Putin is giving the Jihadis in eastern Aleppo what is effectively an ultimatum. The terms of this ultimatum have been set out by General Valery Gerasimov, the Chief of the Russian military's General Staff: 'Taking into account that our American colleagues are incapable of separating the opposition from terrorists, we appeal to all the leaders of armed groups directly to stop combat actions and leave Aleppo with their arms.' (bold italics added) To this end two corridors have been opened to enable the Jihadis to retreat, one heading towards the Turkish border, and the other heading to the Al-Qaeda controlled western Syrian city of Idlib. In addition there are a further six humanitarian corridors for civilians to use if they want to leave. Gerasimov is currently engaged in meetings in Moscow with General Hulusi Akar , the Chief of the Turkish military's General Staff, who is currently visiting him in Moscow. Having despaired of getting the US to separate Al-Qaeda/Jabhat Al-Nusra from the other Jihadis in Aleppo, and getting them to withdraw, it is likely the Russians are trying to agree the same thing with the Turks. Indeed Gerasimov's comments today essentially say as much. Given that the Jihadis fighting in Syria totally depend on Turkey for their supplies, if the Turkish leadership tells them to quit eastern Aleppo there is a possibility that they may finally accept that the game is up and heed the call. The same thing has after all recently happened in other Syrian towns and cities, including in the formerly Jihadi controlled suburbs of Damascus. Note that Putin's ultimatum is phrased differently from the way it was before. The Kerry-Lavrov agreement of 9th September 2016 offered the non Al-Qaeda Jihadis the option of staying in eastern Aleppo after they had separated themselves from Al-Qaeda/Jabhat Al-Nusra, who the agreement implicitly required to leave. In the subsequent discussions in the UN Security Council that took place around the proposed French Resolution, the Russians made it clear that the Al-Qaeda/Jabhat Al-Nusra was required to leave, and this was the demand the UN envoy Staffan de Mistura supposedly supported, though as I have discussed previously the terms under which he did it actually nullified it. Now Putin through Gerasimov is demanding that all Jihadi fighters in eastern Aleppo leave, irrespective of whether they belong to Al-Qaeda/Jabhat Al-Nusra or not. In other words over the course of the autumn, as the US has hesitated and reneged on its promises, the Russians have quietly raised their demands. They now want Aleppo totally rid of Jihadi fighters and handed over entirely to the Syrian government. This was surely the Russian objective all along, but it has now been made clear. As to what happens if the Jihadi fighters in eastern Aleppo reject this demand, Gerasimov pointed it out to them : 'The militants' efforts to break loose from the city have failed. The terrorists have suffered huge losses in manpower, weapons and equipment. They are unable to pull out of the city.' In other words the Jihadis in eastern Aleppo are trapped with no way out and no-one is coming to their rescue. According to RT's Arabic service (as reported by the Iranian news agency Fars) the Jihadis have themselves admitted that they suffered casualties (dead and wounded) numbering between 2,200 and 2,500 men in their failed attempt to break the siege of eastern Aleppo over the last few days. Meanwhile the Syrian aligned Al-Masdar news agency is reporting that it has been told by a Syrian army source that following the deployment of elite and Special Forces troops to Aleppo, if the Syrian army returns to the offensive 'unlike the previous offensives in Aleppo City, this assault will not be halted for any reason.' Gerasimov is reported to have said that the ceasefire to enable the Jihadis to retreat from Aleppo will take effect at 9:00 am local time on Friday 4th November 2016, and will expires at 7 pm on the same day. However if the Jihadis agree to leave Aleppo and take actual steps to do so, that period will presumably be extended. Much will probably depend on the outcome of the talks General Gerasimov is having with General Hulusi Akar today. 

ARTICLE

November 5, 2016 176 Susan Sarandon supports Jill Stein, and as far as she's concerned there is a disturbing level of corruption in the DNC. Share on Facebook 
Susan Sarandon blew apart the entire gender card being played by a paniced Hillary Clinton, and her surrogates like President Barack Obama. 
Trying to shame people to vote for a candidate who is completely corrupt and misguided because of her gender is sexist and insulting…and Sarandon calls it out during this BBC Newsnight interview. 
'I don't vote with my vagina,' Susan Sarandon answered when asked about backing Hillary Clinton simply because she is a woman. 
Sarandon did not limit her criticisms to just the BBC. 
When interviewed by CNN's Carol Costello, Sarandon had this to say about the 'completely corrupt' Hillary Clinton and the DNC… 
'After my experience in the primary, it's very clear to me the DNC is gone.' 
'Every superdelegate is a lobbyist. The way that the system is set up in terms of trying of having superdelegates — you could win a state and not get the delegates. It's crazy.' 
Sarandon was a big Bernie supporter during the primary elections. She told CNN that she she still respects Bernie Sanders even though he endorsed Hillary Clinton… 
'Look, Bernie has said 'don't ever listen to me if I tell you how to vote,.'' 
'What [Sanders] did is show people that they counted. He brought them hope. He's supporting a lot of candidates. It's very important to go and vote down the ticket.' 
The Hill reports that Sarandon is now clearly behind Green Party candidate Jill Stein… 
Sarandon predicted a surge in third-party support on Election Day, calling Clinton and Republican nominee Donald Trump 'untrustable.' 
'I think we've been voting the lesser of two evils for too long. The good news is everybody's so frustrated that at least we're awake.' 
Sarandon on Monday endorsed Green Party nominee Jill Stein. 
'It's clear a third-party is necessary and viable at this time,' she said in a letter posted on Stein's campaign website. ' And this is the first step in accomplishing that end.' 
Stein has about 2 percent support nationally, according to a RealClearPolitics average of polls.

ARTICLE

November 6, 2016 210 The attempted assassination of Donald Trump at a rally in Nevada has some eerie similarities to the assassination of Robert Kennedy in 1968. Share on Facebook 
1968 was a grim year in American history. The Tet Offensive in Vietnam made many people who were never part of the anti-war movement, question why America had entered a deadly war of attrition. In April of that same year, civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. was shot dead. 
Into this fray stepped Robert Kennedy, a man whose intelligence, charm, charisma and modern policies came close to putting ice over the fire that was late 1960s America. He consciously stood as an anti-war Democratic in a primary which pitted him against the party's pro-war establishment led by Hubert Humphrey, Lyndon Johnson's vice president. Although the lesser known Eugene McCarthy also stood as an anti-war candidate, it was Kennedy whose personal fame and personal draw, turned heads and inspired voters more than any other. 
But it was not to be. In an America drowning in blood both at home and in the jungles of Vietnam, Robert Kennedy was the victim of an assassination. In the summer of 1968, Kennedy had just won the crucial California primary and was addressing his supporters at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles. Just after he walked away from the podium, he was shot dead by the Palestinian gunman Sirhan Sirhan. 
The images of Robert Kennedy slouched dead on the floor become an iconic reminder that the 1960s for all of its counter-cultural optimism, was politically speaking, a very dark time for America. 
Hours ago, Donald Trump, a man who like Kennedy, challenged the pro-war establishment of his party and of Washington itself, was seemingly the victim of an attempted assassination plot. Although certain facts have yet to be revealed, what we do know is that a man making threatening gestures who is said to have had a gun was tackled by Trump's supporters. Seconds later, security hurried Trump off state and arrested the would-be assassin. 
In spite of poor reporting from the ground, there are actually more facts at hand than there are mysteries. 
Donald Trump has been vilified and dehumanized by the western mainstream media. His supporters are described as pigs, as the great unwashed, as the talentless, heartless and the stupid. He himself is described as much worse. Hillary Clinton called Trump supporters 'deplorable'. In a country more ill at ease with itself than at any time since the Vietnam era, these words are very dangerous indeed. 
Many sociologists postulate that the reason large sectors of the German population remained aloof and indifferent to the crimes of the fascist regime of the 1930s and 1940s, was because the victims of Hitlerism were purposefully constructed to be less than human by the state. Therefore a dead Russian, dead German Jew or dead Pole was somehow less of an issue than the death of a Hitler loving Teutonic man. 
The techniques applied to dehumanising Trump and his supporters are eerily similar. That is why, should any physical harm come to Donald Trump, the mainstream media have blood on their hands as much as any would be assassin. 
Two other things became clear. Donald Trump's supporters warned him to leave for his own safety, they restrained the criminal, putting themselves in danger. It is fair to say, many of the brave men and women at the rally in Nevada were willing to give their lives for the man they support. This demonstrates that Trump's supporters are not the savages that the mainstream media class them as. They are decent people who are angry at the path their country has taken and they feel a loyalty and fraternal bond with a man who speaks to them rather than at them, above them or around them. 
Hillary Clinton and her supporters in the media have put Donald Trump's life in danger and the look on Trump's face as he was hurried away by security, showed me a man who loves life, a man who deplores violence and a man who would not want to leave his family behind. I was tragically reminded of the scenes of Gaddafi's assassination when he begged his executioners, 'what have I done to you'. 
This is not a man who wants war, this is a man who wants to live in a world of peace, with all its joys, its profundities, its frivolities and its rough edges. 
I am reminded of the words spoken by Marc Antony at the end of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar: 
'This was the noblest Roman of them all: All the conspirators save only he did that they did in envy of great Caesar; He only, in a general honest thought And common good to all, made one of them. His life was gentle, and the elements So mix'd in him that Nature might stand up And say to all the world 'This was a man!' 
One could say the same of Trump. 
Update : The authorities have still not said whether the man in question had a gun or not, but the fact he has been released demonstrates either incompetence in terms of the investigation or that he was a hooligan rather than a would be murderer. Photos of the man emerged and as initial witnesses reported, he clearly looked deranged. 
The media has turned this election into a potentially deeply violent affair. All ready they are making the hooligan look like the victim rather than the assailant. This may well not end after the 8th of November. 

ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
MoveOn.org is a George Soros NGO…and George Soros NGOs have nothing to do with charity or justice, and everything to do with political leverage, and in extreme cases government insurrection. 
We have seen Soros begin destructive movements to remove those he deems unsuitable to govern in a variety of countries, most recently in Ukraine, with the Soros sponsored Maidan coup. 
Now it looks like Soros may be setting his sights on sabotaging the forthcoming Trump presidency. 
We do know, thanks to Wikileaks, that George Soros was a huge supporter of Hillary Clinton, as Hillary Clinton was always looking out of George Soros' best interests. 
We are certain Trump's victory is a bitter pill for globalist Soros to swallow. Between Putin and Trump, Soros may finally be starting to feel his power on the world stage falter. 
We will see if MoveOn.org's call to protest has legs, or if it will gradually fizzle and fade, in much the same way we can only hope Soros will eventually do. 
NBC's Katy Tur said… 
'It's surreal in NYC. People are walking around like zombies with thousand yard stares.' 
Zerohedge reports … 
Seemingly unwilling to accept the results of the democratic selection of the nation's leader for the next four years, hundreds of grieving Hillary Clinton supporters – egged on by George Soros' MoveOn.org – are laying siege to Trump Tower in New York City. Screaming 'Fuck Donald Trump', yelling 'Not My President', chanting 'Pussy Grabs Back', and burning the American flag, it appears these young millennials are just the kind of deplorables this country should be proud of… 
MoveOn.org released this press release on Wednesday, calling on people to take to the streets: 
Americans to Come Together in Hundreds Peaceful Gatherings of Solidarity, Resistance, and Resolve Following Election Results 
Hundreds of Americans, dozens of organizations to gather peacefully outside the White House and in cities and towns nationwide to take a continued stand against misogyny, racism, Islamophobia, and xenophobia. 
Tonight, thousands of Americans will come together at hundreds of peaceful gatherings in cities and towns across the nation, including outside the White House, following the results of Tuesday's presidential election. 
The gatherings – organized by MoveOn.org and allies – will affirm a continued rejection of Donald Trump's bigotry, xenophobia, Islamophobia, and misogyny and demonstrate our resolve to fight together for the America we still believe is possible. 
Within two hours of the call-to-action, MoveOn members had created more than 200 gatherings nationwide, with the number continuing to grow on Wednesday afternoon. 
WHAT: Hundreds of peaceful gatherings of solidarity, resistance, and resolve nationwide 
WHEN / WHERE: Find local gatherings here . Major gatherings include in New York City's Columbus Circle and outside the White House in Washington, DC . 
RSVP: Please email press@moveon.org to confirm attendance. 
'This is a disaster. We fought our hearts out to avert this reality. But now it's here,' MoveOn.org staff wrote to members on Wednesday. 'The new president-elect and many of his most prominent supporters have targeted, demeaned, and threatened millions of us—and millions of our friends, family, and loved ones. Both chambers of Congress remain in Republican hands. We are entering an era of profound and unprecedented challenge, a time of danger for our communities and our country. In this moment, we have to take care of ourselves, our families, and our friends—especially those of us who are on the front lines facing hate, including Latinos, women, immigrants, refugees, Black people, Muslims, LGBT Americans, and so many others. And we need to make it clear that we will continue to stand together.'

ARTICLE

November 12, 2016 348 Ads on Craigslist reveal that paid anti-Trump protesters and Soros-sponsored staged demonstrations are continuing to fuel hate and division. Share on Facebook 
It was reported previously on The Duran that MoveOn – a George Soros controlled NGO, is behind the organization of anti-Trump protests across the country. As the protests continue, however, Craigslist has become an important recruitment tool for some of these organizers, and here is what it reveals: 
Fight the Trump Agenda! We're hiring Full-Time Organizers 15/hr! – reads a Craigslist ad from Washington CAN in Seattle . Activists are promised Medical, Dental, Vision, 401(k), Paid Vacation, Paid Sick Days, Holidays, and Leave of Absence . 
Washington CAN claims to be the state's oldest and largest grassroots non-profit with over 35 years of organizational experience. It is unclear whether it has any direct ties to Soros's MoveOn, but it certainly wouldn't be a wild assumption to make under the circumstances. 
In another instance, a Craigslist ad exposed paid Anti-Trump protesters being recruited for a staged event in Los Angeles. And this time the Soros link is quite clear and in the open. TruthFeed reports: 
In this case, a Craigslist ad in Los Angeles shows that activists are wanted to block traffic in the heavy traffic intersection of Highlands and Hollywood. 
Here's an example of a Soros employee literally 'posing' as a protester. Not all that 'grass roots.' 
Obviously, no one is disputing the fact that there are millions of people unhappy with the election results. Neither is there any doubt that thousands across the the country are protesting genuinely out of emotion and desire to express their discontent. What's important is that these people realize that they are playing right into the hands of an establishment agenda that doesn't have America's best interests in mind. 
The election is over and we have a clear winner. The losing side has conceded, admitting that the election was fair and calling for a peaceful transition of power. For all the smart folks out there this is a clear indication that it's time to go home, back to school, back to work, back to your daily routine and stop trying to prolong the division and hate that has been eating away at this country for far too long. 

ARTICLE

November 12, 2016 2703 German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen said the US president-elect needs to understand NATO is more about values than business-like behavior. Share on Facebook 
German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen is in panic mode. Her fear is that Trump may actually call out NATO's uselessness…and that would mean Germany, and other NATO freeloaders, may actually have pay for their own security. 
That is why, when von der Leyen warns Trump to not even think about rapprochement with Russia, she is signaling her fear that such a rapprochement would mean the end of her and her war hungry cronies. 
When von der Leyen tells Trump that NATO stood by the US after the 9/11 attacks, and that NATO 'isn't just a business,' she is trying to kiss Trump's ass, and admitting that NATO is in fact a 'business.' 
And of course no NATO grand standing would be complete without the exhausted and fictional argument that NATO is actually useful in countering Moscow on Syria and Ukraine. 
RT reports … 
Appearing on the ZDF Thursday show 'Maybrit Illner', German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen emotionally argued that the US president-elect needs to understand NATO is more about values than business-like behavior. 
She also went on to address some unfounded speculation circulating in Western capitals, namely that Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin are in a 'bromance' – a kind of relationship between the two leaders that would benefit bilateral ties between Moscow and Washington. 
Therefore, the Defense Minister continued, the issues of the Ukrainian conflict and the ongoing anti-terrorist efforts in the Syrian city of Aleppo are not to be taken off the table during discussions with Moscow. 
Here are some of von der Leyen remarks to Trump with regard to NATO… 
'What his advisers will hopefully tell him and what he needs to learn is that NATO isn't just a business. It's not a company.' 
'I don't know how he values NATO.' 
'You can't say 'the past doesn't matter, the values we share don't matter' but instead try to get as much money out of [NATO] as possible and whether I can have a nice deal out of it,' 
'Donald Trump has to say clearly on which side he is. Whether he is on the side of the law, peaceful order and democracy or whether he does not care about this and is looking instead for a best buddy.' 
For his part, Trump has been lukewarm on the whole NATO charade…and rightly so. RT reminds us of what Trump has said about NATO … 
During his election campaign, Donald Trump repeatedly voiced skepticism towards the bloc, calling it 'obsolete' in the era of fighting terrorism worldwide. 
'Maybe NATO will dissolve and that's OK, not the worst thing in the world,' he said earlier. 
Trump, however, earlier dismissed claims he favors Putin both personally and as a political leader, saying on NBC in September: 
'I don't know him, I know nothing about him really. I just think if we got along with Russia that's not a bad thing.' 
Trump has also suggested that the US should not engage too much in defending European allies. 
'Hey, NATO allies,' Trump wrote in a Facebook post in July, 'If we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost of protecting you, I will tell you – congratulations, you will be defending yourself.' 

ARTICLE

November 12, 2016 213 Donald Trump's election victory ends Al-Qaeda hopes of Western military intervention in Aleppo and ends Western media campaign to condemn Russian bombing there. Share on Facebook One place where Donald Trump's election victory has had an immediate effect is in the battlefield around Aleppo. Reports from the area of the battlefield speak of a total collapse of morale amongst the Al-Qaeda led Jihadi forces which have been attacking the city from the south west, as whatever lingering hopes there were of a Western military intervention following a victory by Hillary Clinton in the US Presidential election have turned to dust. The result is that the Jihadi forces have been rapidly losing ground in the south western suburbs of Aleppo over the last three days, a fact which has apparently obliged Al-Qaeda to draw on its last reserves in order to rush reinforcements to the front to prevent a total collapse there. As always the situation is confused, but it seems the Syrian army has now entirely liberated the strategically located 1070 housing complex and the Minyan and Al-Assad districts, and that it is starting to develop an offensive towards the strategically important town of Khan Tuman, which is the base from which the Al-Qaeda led Jihadis launch their attacks on south west Aleppo. Importantly these Syrian army advances are taking place despite the continued absence of Russian bombing in the area of Aleppo. In the meantime there are reports that the Russian fleet which includes the carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and the nuclear powered missile battlecruiser Pyotr Veliky has moved closer to the Syrian coast. There have even been scattered reports that some of the Kuznetsov's aircraft have been spotted flying over Syria on what appear to be reconnaissance missions. There are also reports that the Russian fleet is preparing to launch heavy cruise missile strikes against the Jihadis forces concentrated in south west Aleppo, and that these will happen within the next few hours. Reports that such attacks were imminent have in fact been circulating for around a week. It appears the Russian fleet has taken longer to deploy to the Syrian coast than was expected despite being present in the eastern Mediterranean for several days. Even allowing for a possible political decision by the Russian leadership to delay the attack until after the US Presidential election, it is still not clear why there has been a further delay given that the election took place several days ago. Possibly there have been technical problems, though there are no reports of any problems with Kuznetsov's engines. Alternatively, the Russians might have felt the need to take additional security precautions after the strange incident several days ago involving the Dutch submarine . It does however seem that an attack on the Jihadis attacking Aleppo from the Russian fleet in the eastern Mediterranean is indeed now about to happen, and that this attack may now be only hours away. Regardless of when the attack happens, the key point is that following Trump's election any idea of the West intervening directly in the fighting in Aleppo is now finally and conclusively dead. Already the West's media campaign against the Russian bombing of the Jihadi districts of eastern Aleppo, which was dominating the news just a few weeks ago, seems like an age away, whilst the demands for Russia to be further sanctioned or prosecuted for war crimes because of its actions in Syria have been quietly dropped.

ARTICLE

November 17, 2016 102 Google's chief executive Sundar Pichai has responded to concerns about fake news stories, heightened since the US election. Share on Facebook 
Here we go with the liberal left's latest boogeyman 'fake news' . 
Let's find anything, absolutely anything to blame on Hillary's election loss…blame it on Putin, on not getting their way, on Brexit, on Farage, on not having enough safe spaces, on all the apparent injustices of the world. Now let's blame it on the 'fake news'. 
WTF is 'fake news' even mean. The politically correct, crying liberal masses are reaching a point of stupid, that is beyond compare in the history of mankind. 
'Fake news' is right on up there with WMDs, barrel bombs, mansplaining, color revolutions, humanitarian wars, moderate rebels, gender fluidity, the patriarchy…all made up, destructive apparitions engineered to avoid confronting the man in the mirror. 
Here we go with the lying establishment media, and the 'socially responsible' social media tech giants jumping on board censorship in disguise, telling the world what they should or should not read. Book burning for a digital age. 
Google's chief executive Sundar Pichai will 'do no evil' , saying it is important for Google and other social media businesses to promote 'accurate' stories to their billions of users …and Pichai is just the man to judge what is 'real news' and what is 'fake news', because we the deplorables have neither the brains, nor the judgement, to discern between right and wrong, real and fake. 
Thank God for the liberal left, and their neo-liberal value system, to help us plebiscites make sense of such a mixed up world. 
We got conned into supporting Trump because the 'fake news' seemed so real and was so enticing that we completely fell for it, and in the process prevented the the peace loving, saintly Hillary Clinton from keeping America great. 
Talking to the BBC's Economics editor Kamal Ahmed in the wake of fake news controversies during the US election campaign, Mr Pichai said the firm had made some mistakes. 
'There have been a couple of incidences where… we didn't get it right.' 
'It is a learning moment for us and we will definitely work to fix it.' 

ARTICLE

November 21, 2016 175 Stephen Colbert apologizes to Donald Trump for the mean things he said, and gives Trump the opportunity to apologize as well. Share on Facebook 
Stephen Colbert grovels and apologizes to President-elect Trump, for being a Hillary Clinton pansy during the US elections. 
He then asks Trump to apologize. Trump however is no tool and no fool, and does what any good leader should do…he does not apologize or back off from his election rhetoric, instead he owns what he said in the past and what he says present day. 
After hearing Trump in this late night interview, I like and respect him more than ever. 
'We have to have a wall, we have to have a border, and in that wall we're going to have a beautiful door big fat door, where people can come into the country, but they have to come in legally …that is what a country is all about.' 
'No apologies!' – Donald Trump

