ARTICLE

Tom Hayden, Courageous Warrior for Peace October 26, 2016 
Exclusive: The death of Tom Hayden at age 76 marked the passing of a major progressive leader who championed causes from civil rights to Vietnam War opposition to the environment, as Marjorie Cohn recalls. 
By Marjorie Cohn 
When Tom Hayden died on Oct. 23, we lost a courageous warrior for peace and equality. Hayden was on the front lines of nearly every major progressive struggle for more than 50 years. Vilified by the Right and at times criticized from the Left, Hayden remained steadfast in his commitment to social, economic and racial justice. 
An activist, political theorist, organizer, writer, speaker and teacher, Hayden was a Freedom Rider in the South during the 1960s; a founder of Students for a Democratic Society; a leader of the anti-Vietnam War movement; a community organizer; a negotiator of a gang truce in Venice, California; the author of more than 19 books; and an elected official in California for nearly two decades. Tom Hayden, anti-war activist and progressive leader. 
'Tom made important contributions as a writer and a political leader, but his greatest strength was as a visionary strategist,' said Bill Zimmerman, who worked with Hayden in the Indochina Peace Campaign and later managed his 1976 U.S. Senate campaign. 'Tom was able to see far over the political horizon, and was then able to create and lead political movements that were often ahead of their time. Whether it was radical opposition to war or mainstream support for candidates, progressive ballot initiatives and necessary legislation, he was a true leader, clay feet and all.' 
The Indochina Peace Campaign (IPC), founded in 1972 by Hayden and Jane Fonda, who became his wife the following year, was a traveling road show that opposed the war in Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos. Daniel Ellsberg, whose leak of the Pentagon Papers helped to end the war, traveled with Fonda, Holly Near and others for two weeks, speaking around the clock against the war. 
According to Ellsberg, IPC was instrumental in ending the war. While some in the organization took to the road to organize opposition to the war, others lobbied Congress to cut the funding for combat operations. Although the Paris Peace Accord was signed in 1973, many, including Ellsberg, knew the war was not over. 
Secretary of State Henry Kissinger was pressuring President Richard Nixon to restart the bombing. Congress cut the funding in 1975 and the U.S. war in Vietnam finally ended. 
'IPC was a model of grassroots activism and lobbying,' Ellsberg said. 
Hayden was steadfast in his opposition to the Vietnam War. He made several trips to North Vietnam, calling attention to the U.S. bombing of civilians. On one trip, at the request of the North Vietnamese government, Hayden returned to the U.S. with American prisoners of war. Since the U.S. government refused to recognize the government in Hanoi, the Vietnamese would only release the prisoners to Americans in the anti-war movement. 
Advice from Dr. King 
A transformative event in Hayden's life occurred in 1960 when he was a college student. He interviewed Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. on a picket line outside the Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles. The picket demanded that the Democratic Party include a strong commitment to civil rights in its platform. King told Hayden, 'Ultimately, you have to take a stand with your life.' Martin Luther King Jr. meeting with President Lyndon Johnson at the White House in 1966. 
Hayden took King's exhortation to heart, dedicating his life to the struggles for peace, freedom, justice and equality. 
Hayden will perhaps best be remembered for his lead authorship of the 1962 Port Huron Statement, which provided an ideological manifesto for the New Left. The 22-year-old began writing it while in an Albany, Georgia jail cell, after an arrest for trying to integrate a railroad station waiting room during a Freedom Ride from Atlanta. 
The iconic document began, 'We are people of this generation, bred in at least modest comfort, housed now in universities, looking uncomfortably to the world we inherit.' It focused on organizing students to oppose the Vietnam War, supporting the civil rights movement in the South, promoting campus student activism, and establishing community projects to fight poverty. The idealistic document concluded, 'If we appear to seek the unattainable, as it has been said, then let it be known that we do so to avoid the unimaginable.' 
After Hayden moved to Newark, New Jersey, in 1964 to be a community organizer, he did not escape the notice of local FBI agents, who sought increased surveillance of Hayden. They wrote, 'In view of the fact that Hayden is an effective speaker who appeals to intellectual groups and has also worked with and supported the Negro people in their program in Newark, it is recommended that he be placed on the Rabble Rouser Index.' 
Hayden's effectiveness was also noticed by J. Edgar Hoover, the notorious director of the FBI. Hoover once wrote in a memo, 'One of your prime objectives should be to neutralize [Hayden] in the New Left movement.' Hoover's objective was never realized. Hayden continued to serve as a bulwark of the Left. 
In 1968, in what a national commission later called a 'police riot,' law enforcement officers in Chicago attacked and injured hundreds of demonstrators outside the Democratic National Convention. Hayden, who helped plan the protests, and seven others were charged with crimes. Although they were acquitted of conspiracy, five, including Hayden, were convicted of crossing state lines to incite a riot and sentenced to five years in prison. Their convictions were reversed on appeal for judicial bias. 
Hayden's work for economic justice and democracy was far-reaching. Marc Weiss, Chairman and CEO of Global Urban Development, worked with Hayden in the Campaign for Economic Democracy, which Hayden and Fonda founded in 1976. Weiss said Hayden 'cared deeply about making progressive change for a more peaceful, prosperous, equitable, sustainable, innovative, inclusive, and much better world for everyone.' 
Legislative Initiatives 
Elected to the California State Assembly in 1982 and the state Senate in 1992, Hayden was dubbed 'the conscience of the Senate' by the Sacramento Bee. He sponsored or co-sponsored 100 pieces of legislation, including laws to lower college tuition costs, prevent discrimination in hiring, and attach safety controls to guns. In 1993, he sponsored a bill to require electric-vehicle-charging stations and legislation to require the state to find alternatives to refrigerants that destroy the ozone layer. Image of Planet Earth taken from Apollo 17 
'Tom had an amazing capacity and commitment to linking environmental issues to local communities and minority community struggles,' California Senate Majority Leader Bill Monning said. 'He pushed a progressive agenda within the Democratic Party and continued to visit us in Sacramento with legislative ideas to address climate change,' Monning added. 'We will miss his insight, advocacy, and friendship.' 
Hayden co-founded Progressives for Obama in 2008. But, Hayden wrote, 'No sooner had a social movement elected [Obama] than it was time for a new social movement to bring about a New Deal, lest his domestic initiatives sink in the quagmires of Iraq, Afghanistan, and Pakistan, and a new peace movement must rise as well.' 
In his contribution to my recent book, Drones and Targeted Killing: Legal, Moral, and Geopolitical Issues , Hayden wrote, 'The limitations of the drone war should be clear from any study of history and strategy. Wars cannot be won from secret aerial launches against unknown forces and figures on the ground.' 
Indeed, Obama's use of armed drones in seven nations has made those countries more unstable and violent. And the resulting civilian casualties serve as an effective recruitment tool for those who would harm the United States. 
In 2015, Hayden spoke at a commemoration of the 50 th anniversary of the end of the U.S. war in Vietnam. He said, 'We gather here to remember the power that we had at one point, the power of the peace movement, and to challenge the Pentagon now on the battlefield of memory.' 
Hayden was responding to the Pentagon's attempt to sanitize the history of what the U.S. did in Vietnam. 'President Obama has reminded us to remember, he said, Selma, Seneca Falls and Stonewall,' Hayden noted. 'But not Saigon, not Chicago, not Vietnam. We have to ask ourselves collectively why that omission exists, and realize that only we can restore a place in the proper history of those times.' 
Exhorting the audience to remember, and to 'unify,' Hayden bemoaned 'our collective refusal to admit that the Vietnam War was wrong and that the peace movement was right.' 
Humanizing War Victims 
Phyllis Bennis of the Institute for Policy Studies said, 'I remain inordinately grateful to Tom for what I learned from him â€“ most especially that if you're going to build a powerful movement against a war waged against a nation far away, you have to build into the center of your organizing some understanding of that country, its people, its culture. Photos of victims of the My Lai massacre in Vietnam galvanized public awareness about the barbarity of the war. (Photo taken by U. S. Army photographer Ronald L. Haeberle) 
'I learned that lesson first about Vietnam, working with Tom and Jane at the Indochina Peace Campaign for a couple of years right out of college.' Bennis added, 'I worked with others later to build that same understanding into the work we did on Central America, on Iran, on Palestine and beyond.' 
Many of the themes of the Port Huron Statement resonate today. In 2012, Hayden wrote in The Nation , 'The Port Huron call for a life and politics built on moral values as opposed to expedient politics; its condemnation of the cold war, echoed in today's questioning of the â€˜war on terror'; its grounding in social movements against racism and poverty; its first-ever identification of students as agents of social change; and its call to extend participatory democracy to the economic, community and foreign policy spheres â€“ these themes constitute much of today's progressive sensibility.' 
Hayden has been criticized by some on the Left for favoring reform over revolution. Most recently, Hayden switched from supporting Bernie Sanders to Hillary Clinton during the presidential primary. The main reason was his belief that Clinton has a stronger commitment to combatting racism than Sanders, citing the Congressional Black Caucus' (CBC) support for Clinton. In fact, the CBC did not support Clinton. It was the CBC's political action committee that favored her. 
In refusing to wait for the general election to support Clinton, Hayden also overlooked Sanders's record on civil rights. A leader in the Civil Rights Movement, Sanders served as president of the Congress of Racial Equality at the University of Chicago, organizing pickets and sit-ins, which led to his 1963 arrest for resisting arrest. 
Before his death, Hayden worked with the Peace and Justice Resource Center, which he founded a decade ago. He published The Peace Exchange Bulletin , 'critically following the Pentagon's Long War in Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Iraq, as well as the failed US wars on drugs and gangs, and US military responses to nationalism and poverty around the world.' 
During Ellsberg's 1973 Pentagon Papers trial (at which Hayden testified), Hayden's book, The Love of Possession is a Disease With Them , was published. Ellsberg was struck by the parallels Hayden drew in the book between the U.S. anti-Indian campaigns and the U.S. 'pacification' campaign in Vietnam. The book title, taken from a Sitting Bull quote, is still relevant today as the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and their allies protest the Dakota Access Pipeline. Sitting Bull, a Lakota Indian leader who led resistance to U.S. government policies against the Native American populations before being killed by Indian agency police in 1890. 
'Yet hear me, people, we have now to deal with another race â€“ small and feeble when our fathers first met them but now great and overbearing. Strangely enough they have a mind to till the soil and the love of possession is a disease with them. These people have made many rules that the rich may break but the poor may not. They take their tithes from the poor and weak to support the rich and those who rule.' â€” Sitting Bull, at the Powder River Council, 1877 
Hayden's many books also include Radical Nomad (1964), Irish Hunger (1968), Rebellion and Repression (1969), Trial (1970), Tom Hayden: An Activist Life (1981), Irish on the Inside (2001), The Zapatista Reader (2002), Street Wars (2004), Ending the War in Iraq (2007), Writings for a Democratic Society (2008), The Long Sixties: From 1960 to Barack Obama (2009), and Listen Yankee: Why Cuba Matters (2015). His final book, Hell No: The Forgotten Power of the Vietnam Peace Movement, will be published posthumously by Yale University Press in March 2017. 
As we face the daunting challenges of U.S. militarism abroad, militarization of the police at home, and persistent economic and racial inequality, the absence of Tom Hayden is an incalculable loss. 
Marjorie Cohn is professor emerita at Thomas Jefferson School of Law and former president of the National Lawyers Guild. A veteran of the Stanford anti-Vietnam War movement, she is a member of the national advisory board of Veterans for Peace. Her books include Rules of Disengagement: The Politics and Honor of Military Dissent. See http://marjoriecohn.com/ and follow her on Twitter @marjoriecohn.
ARTICLE

Europe's Battle: Nationalists vs. Elites October 26, 2016 
On both sides of the Atlantic, a battle is underway between largely discredited 'elites' and sometimes disreputable 'nationalists,' a conflict over un-kept promises about the future and unsettling memories of the past, writes Andrew Spannaus. 
By Andrew Spannaus 
In recent years 'nationalism' has become a bad word in Europe, a synonym of closure, racism and wars. Over the past 20-25 years European elites have instead embraced a concept of globalization based on a world without economic, physical and social borders. 
This view assumes the gradual affirmation of a set of shared values internationally, consisting of human rights and economic freedom, that however much the remaining closed, autocratic regimes may try, will inevitably become the standard for the entire world. Flag of the European Union. 
It is essentially the argument put forward by Francis Fukuyama in 'The End of History:' liberal democracy and free markets have won the ideological war, and represent the culmination of human evolution. 
The political events of 2016 are upending this view of the globalization of human rights and economic liberalism. The American electorate has supported a series of outsiders '“ most notably Donald Trump, who has run his campaign in direct opposition to the U.S. political and financial class, invoking economic protectionism and a stronger national identity. 
Against expectations, the population of the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union, marking an irreparable break in the supposedly inevitable process of European unification. And across Europe support is growing for more extreme, anti-system political forces, that threaten not only to withdraw from the common currency '“ the Euro '“ but also to seal the borders in response to economic and security threats associated with immigration. 
Establishment's Failure 
It is no exaggeration to speak of the failure of the entire transatlantic political establishment. Since the 1970s, Western economies have undergone a post-industrial transformation that has favored short-term gain over long-term investment. The notion of economic freedom has translated principally into support for deregulation and speculative finance. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton is welcomed by German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the Federal Chancellery in Berlin, Germany, on April 14, 2011. [State Department photo/ Public Domain Central Banks have made unlimited resources available to the financial sector while large areas of the real economy struggle to survive, feeding discontent among the population. It is true that new economic sectors have arisen, along with widespread changes made possible by technologies that were inconceivable until a few years ago, but the overall effect has been to hollow out the middle class and create large-scale income equality.
In Europe, the principal vehicle of this process has been the economic policy of the European Union. From the implementation of the Maastricht Treaty in 1993, European nations have been stuck in a monetary straitjacket, that prevents governments from taking effective economic action. In the name of market principles, liberalization has been implemented that favors large financial interests while lowering standards of living for the middle class. 
Countries are constitutionally required to move towards a balanced budget, with the European Commission and the European Central Bank essentially having veto power over national policies. This has translated into harsh austerity, including the massive budget cuts and tax increases inflicted on countries such as Greece, Spain and Italy in recent years. 
Despite paying lip service to the need for change, the economic and political elites have refused to abandon this approach, that not only ignores the suffering of the population, but actually makes the problem worse. In fact the austerity causes a drop in economy activity and thus exacerbates budget problems, leading to a vicious cycle that Europe seems unable to stop. 
A Big Backlash 
The resulting backlash is calling into question the process of European integration as a whole, provoking a strenuous defense by the elite of institutions that are said to have guaranteed '50 years of peace' after the Second World War. The run-down PIX Theatre sign reads 'Vote Trump' on Main Street in Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. July 15, 2016. (Photo by Tony Webster Flickr) 
It is true, of course, that there are some benefits to E.U. integration, and that nobody wants to return to a situation of conflict among the member states. But the current policies are quite different than the fruitful cooperation that existed until the 1990s, when the financial elite began its move to exert supranational control. 
Now, the failed economic policies of the past 20 years are no longer sustainable. Governments are forced to negotiate over .1 percent of the budget deficit with the bureaucracy in Brussels, while the need for public and private investment runs in the trillions. 
The pro-finance, anti-production policies must change not for ideological reasons or to serve some specific interest group; they must change because there is no other choice. People are revolting against a political class that does not respond adequately to widespread economic and social discontent. In times of economic distress the population becomes more vulnerable to demagogues, raising the risk of dangerous outcomes, as seen with Fascism and Nazism in the 1920s and 1930s. 
Currently, there are unprepared and unpredictable political forces with growing support across Europe, that in some cases represent a threat to the democratic rights and values that the European Union aims to promote. Defending the orthodoxy of E.U. policy against popular movements that target failed economic policies, will only further damage precisely those values on which Europe is said to stand. 
What to Do 
At this point Europe needs a return to measures that promote productive investment and innovation, rather than cut social welfare programs and encourage further deregulation. Refugees from Mideast wars camped along rail lines in Greece. 
There are two potential directions: a wholesale change in the policies of the E.U. institutions, without modifying their essential structure, or a step back from the process of cancellation of national sovereignty. 
The first option seems unrealistic, for various reasons. These include the constitutional nature of many economic and budget constraints, and the stubbornness demonstrated by the European ruling class in recent years; a class that, despite numerous alarm bells, does not at all seem ready to abandon an elitist view of globalization. 
The response to the Brexit vote is a glaring example. Representatives of the E.U. institutions lashed out with arrogance and bitterness, essentially accusing half of the British population of being ignorant, racist and isolationist. It's a comforting excuse based on partial truths, that avoids reflection on Europe's own mistakes. 
At this point a return of decision-making power to national governments is becoming inevitable: not in order to stop international cooperation, or to reject shared values, but because the model pursued by the supranational institutions and their allies in the financial world has failed, and risks producing both serious internal conflicts, and unacceptable strategic failures in an increasingly complex world. 
Andrew Spannaus is a freelance journalist and strategic analyst based in Milan, Italy. He is the founder of Transatlantico.info, that provides news, analysis and consulting to Italian institutions and businesses. His book on the U.S. elections PerchÃ¨ vince Trump (Why Trump is Winning) was published in June 2016.
ARTICLE

The Fallacy of a 'Goldilocks' War Policy October 27, 2016 
Official Washington's new 'group think' is that the next president must pursue a 'Goldilocks' foreign policy not as aggressive as George W. Bush but more warlike than Barack Obama, but ex-CIA analyst Paul R. Pillar says that's nonsense. 
By Paul R. Pillar 
There is a time-honored technique, familiar to veterans of policymaking in the U.S. Government, for ostensibly giving the boss a choice of options but in effect pre-cooking the decision. That is to present three options, which can be aligned along a continuum of cost or risk or whatever, and to list as the middle option the one that the option-preparers want to have chosen. 
Often this option is indeed chosen; as presented, it appears to be the most balanced and reasonable one, avoiding excesses of the alternatives on either side. But the appearance is an artifact of how the issue and the choices are framed. President Barack Obama talking on the phone in the Oval Office , Oct. 5, 2015. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
The whole framework may be skewed. The offered alternative on one side may be inherently more extreme than the one on the other side. If a more complete list of options were presented, the additional alternatives may be mostly on one side, and the pre-cooked 'middle' option would be revealed to be not in a moderate middle after all. 
Similar dynamics apply not just to manipulation of options papers but also to public debate about foreign policy. The nation's recent history and the sheer volume of argumentation on one side of an issue or another create powerful framing effects. A commonly felt sense of what is extreme and what is reasonable may derive mostly from the framing, detached from any more broadly based standard. 
So it has been recently with discussion of how the next U.S. administration should use military force. A common refrain has been that George W. Bush used too much, Barack Obama used too little, and the next U.S. president, like Goldilocks, should use some amount in between. This theme appears, for example, in an article by Peter Baker in the New York Times about the next administration's choices in the Middle East. 
'If Mr. Bush was judged to be too assertive,' writes Baker, 'many here consider Mr. Obama too restrained, and hope to see some middle ground.' 
Baker quotes James Jeffrey of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy as articulating the same theme: 'Bush's excessive use of military force disillusioned the American political base for engagement. Then Obama's timid use of military force disillusioned the American regional diplomatic base in allied governments.' 
Skewed Debate 
All of this loses sight of how much the framing effects have skewed this entire discussion. Bush's signature use of military force and the defining initiative of his presidency '” the invasion of Iraq '” was an unusually extreme act as measured either by past U.S. foreign policy or standards of international conduct that the United States expects of others. President George W. Bush in a flight suit after landing on the USS Abraham Lincoln to give his 'Mission Accomplished' speech about the Iraq War on May 1, 2003. 
The invasion was the first major offensive war that the United States had launched in more than a century. The whole notion of forcefully bumping off regimes one doesn't happen to like (assuming it is not, like World War II, the denouement of a war started by someone else) has not been part of internationally accepted standards of state behavior since the Peace of Westphalia. 
But the frame of discussion in the United States has shifted so much that today 'regime change' gets talked about as if it were just another tool available to policymakers in dealing with disagreeable foreign governments. 
A full sense of where Bush's policies fall on a spectrum of alternative ways to use military force cannot be gained by looking only at what his immediate successor has done in struggling to get out from under the ill consequences of those policies. A truer range of alternatives would include other ones more in line with America's traditions when it was not searching for monsters to destroy [a warning tracing back to President John Quincy Adams]. 
Such a fuller framework not only would show the extremity of Bush's approach to military force but also would show President Obama's policies to be either close to the middle of the spectrum or perhaps even more on the Bush side of the middle than on the other side. For some observers not stuck inside the current framework of American discourse (and observers that matter include more than just an 'American regional diplomatic base in allied governments'), 'restrained' would not be the first adjective that comes to mind in describing some of Obama's use of force. 
Not Bookends 
Decision-making in the Bush and Obama administrations on such issues was so different that they do not appropriately represent bookends on the same spectrum. One of the most extreme and extraordinary things about the decision to invade Iraq was the absence of any policy process leading to that decision. By contrast, decision-making in the Obama administration on issues of national security and military force appears to involve laborious dissection of alternatives, costs, and risks. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton at the third debate with Republican nominee Donald Trump. (Photo credit: hillaryclinton.com) 
Mr. Obama is not 'timid' about the use of military force; rather, his decisions reflect a full-spectrum review of what can go right and what can go wrong. His decision-making thus has represented the very consciousness of the pros and cons of alternatives on different parts of the spectrum that the Goldilocks people are ostensibly arguing for. 
Given that much of President Obama's foreign and security policy, and especially the part of it involving use of U.S. military forces, has involved dealing with messes he inherited, there is misunderstanding about cause and effect and what is due to solutions rather than underlying problems. Similar confusion has come up with domestic economic policy, where Mr. Obama also inherited a big mess in the form of the financial crisis and the Great Recession. 
An example of such confusion was an ill-formulated question from Chris Wallace (in what was otherwise a mostly competent performance as moderator) in the last presidential candidates' debate , in which he pressed Hillary Clinton about her economic plan being 'similar to the Obama stimulus plan in 2009, which has led to the slowest GDP growth since 1949.' 
Ample evidence from both home and abroad indicates that what was most needed to pull out of the recession was stimulation of demand, that the stimulus program that was enacted did a lot of good in accomplishing such a pulling out, and that a substantially bigger stimulus would have led to faster recovery but the plan that was enacted was the most that the political traffic could bear. 
As economist and columnist Paul Krugman observes , 'When you spend money to fight a terrible slump, weren't any disappointments in performance arguably caused by whatever caused the slump, not by the rescue operation?' 
Similarly with U.S. military expeditions in troublesome regions: when, after scaling back from earlier damaging and costly interventions, there is still trouble in those regions, that is not a reason to reverse course again and do more of what was damaging and costly in the first place. 
Obama has done what domestic political traffic would bear in the way of cost-reducing scaling back. That does not mean he ever reached, much less overshot, the optimum level of military force. Goldilocks is looking in the wrong place by searching for some supposedly happy medium between Bush's policies and Obama's. 
Paul R. Pillar, in his 28 years at the Central Intelligence Agency, rose to be one of the agency's top analysts. He is author most recently of Why America Misunderstands the World . (This article first appeared as a blog post at The National Interest's Web site. Reprinted with author's permission.)
ARTICLE

The Modern History of 'Rigged' US Elections October 27, 2016 
Special Report: Donald Trump claims the U.S. presidential election is 'rigged,' drawing condemnation from the political/media establishment which accuses him of undermining faith in American democracy. But neither side understands the real problem, says Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
The United States is so committed to the notion that its electoral process is the world's 'gold standard' that there has been a bipartisan determination to maintain the fiction even when evidence is overwhelming that a U.S. presidential election has been manipulated or stolen. The 'wise men' of the system simply insist otherwise. 
We have seen this behavior when there are serious questions of vote tampering (as in Election 1960) or when a challenger apparently exploits a foreign crisis to create an advantage over the incumbent (as in Elections 1968 and 1980) or when the citizens' judgment is overturned by judges (as in Election 2000). Presidents Richard Nixon, George H.W. Bush and Ronald Reagan photographed together in the Oval Office in 1991. (Cropped from a White House photo that also included Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter.) 
Strangely, in such cases, it is not only the party that benefited which refuses to accept the evidence of wrongdoing, but the losing party and the establishment news media as well. Protecting the perceived integrity of the U.S. democratic process is paramount. Americans must continue to believe in the integrity of the system even when that integrity has been violated. 
The harsh truth is that pursuit of power often trumps the principle of an informed electorate choosing the nation's leaders, but that truth simply cannot be recognized. 
Of course, historically, American democracy was far from perfect, excluding millions of people, including African-American slaves and women. The compromises needed to enact the Constitution in 1787 also led to distasteful distortions, such as counting slaves as three-fifths of a person for the purpose of representation (although obviously slaves couldn't vote). 
That unsavory deal enabled Thomas Jefferson to defeat John Adams in the pivotal national election of 1800. In effect, the votes of Southern slave owners like Jefferson counted substantially more than the votes of Northern non-slave owners. 
Even after the Civil War when the Constitution was amended to give black men voting rights, the reality for black voting, especially in the South, was quite different from the new constitutional mandate. Whites in former Confederate states concocted subterfuges to keep blacks away from the polls to ensure continued white supremacy for almost a century. 
Women did not gain suffrage until 1920 with the passage of another constitutional amendment, and it took federal legislation in 1965 to clear away legal obstacles that Southern states had created to deny the franchise to blacks. 
Indeed, the alleged voter fraud in Election 1960, concentrated largely in Texas, a former Confederate state and home to John Kennedy's vice presidential running mate, Lyndon Johnson, could be viewed as an outgrowth of the South's heritage of rigging elections in favor of Democrats, the post-Civil War party of white Southerners. 
However, by pushing through civil rights for blacks in the 1960s, Kennedy and Johnson earned the enmity of many white Southerners who switched their allegiance to the Republican Party via Richard Nixon's Southern strategy of coded racial messaging. Nixon also harbored resentments over what he viewed as his unjust defeat in the election of 1960. 
Nixon's 'Treason' 
So, by 1968, the Democrats' once solid South was splintering, but Nixon, who was again the Republican presidential nominee, didn't want to leave his chances of winning what looked to be another close election to chance. Nixon feared that '” with the Vietnam War raging and the Democratic Party deeply divided '” President Johnson could give the Democratic nominee, Vice President Hubert Humphrey, a decisive boost by reaching a last-minute peace deal with North Vietnam. President Richard Nixon with his then-National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger in 1972. 
The documentary and testimonial evidence is now clear that to avert a peace deal, Nixon's campaign went behind Johnson's back to persuade South Vietnamese President Nguyen van Thieu to torpedo Johnson's Paris peace talks by refusing to attend. Nixon's emissaries assured Thieu that a President Nixon would continue the war and guarantee a better outcome for South Vietnam. 
Though Johnson had strong evidence of what he privately called Nixon's 'treason' '” from FBI wiretaps in the days before the 1968 election '” he and his top advisers chose to stay silent. In a Nov. 4, 1968 conference call , Secretary of State Dean Rusk, National Security Advisor Walt Rostow and Defense Secretary Clark Clifford '“ three pillars of the Establishment '“ expressed that consensus, with Clifford explaining the thinking: 
'Some elements of the story are so shocking in their nature that I'm wondering whether it would be good for the country to disclose the story and then possibly have a certain individual [Nixon] elected,' Clifford said. 'It could cast his whole administration under such doubt that I think it would be inimical to our country's interests.' 
Clifford's words expressed the recurring thinking whenever evidence emerged casting the integrity of America's electoral system in doubt, especially at the presidential level. The American people were not to know what kind of dirty deeds could affect that process. 
To this day, the major U.S. news media will not directly address the issue of Nixon's treachery in 1968, despite the wealth of evidence proving this historical reality now available from declassified records at the Johnson presidential library in Austin, Texas. In a puckish recognition of this ignored history, the library's archivists call the file on Nixon's sabotage of the Vietnam peace talks their 'X-file.' [For details, see Consortiumnews.com's ' LBJ's 'X-File' on Nixon's 'Treason. ''] 
The evidence also strongly suggests that Nixon's paranoia about a missing White House file detailing his 'treason' '“ top secret documents that Johnson had entrusted to Rostow at the end of LBJ's presidency '“ led to Nixon's creation of the 'plumbers,' a team of burglars whose first assignment was to locate those purloined papers. The existence of the 'plumbers' became public in June 1972 when they were caught breaking into the Democratic National Committee's headquarters at the Watergate in Washington. National Security Adviser Walt Rostow shows President Lyndon Johnson a model of a battle near Khe Sanh in Vietnam. (U.S. Archive Photo) 
Although the Watergate scandal remains the archetypal case of election-year dirty tricks, the major U.S. news media never acknowledge the link between Watergate and Nixon's far more egregious dirty trick four years earlier, sinking Johnson's Vietnam peace talks while 500,000 American soldiers were in the war zone. In part because of Nixon's sabotage '” and his promise to Thieu of a more favorable outcome '” the war continued for four more bloody years before being settled along the lines that were available to Johnson in 1968. [See Consortiumnews.com's ' The Heinous Crime Behind Watergate .'] 
In effect, Watergate gets walled off as some anomaly that is explained by Nixon's strange personality. However, even though Nixon resigned in disgrace in 1974, he and his National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger, who also had a hand in the Paris peace talk caper, reappear as secondary players in the next well-documented case of obstructing a sitting president's foreign policy to get an edge in the 1980 campaign. 
Reagan's 'October Surprise' Caper 
In that case, President Jimmy Carter was seeking reelection and trying to negotiate release of 52 American hostages then held in revolutionary Iran. Ronald Reagan's campaign feared that Carter might pull off an 'October Surprise' by bringing home the hostages just before the election. So, this historical mystery has been: Did Reagan's team take action to block Carter's October Surprise? President Ronald Reagan, delivering his Inaugural Address on Jan. 20, 1981, as the 52 U.S. hostages in Iran are simultaneously released. 
The testimonial and documentary evidence that Reagan's team did engage in a secret operation to prevent Carter's October Surprise is now almost as overwhelming as the proof of the 1968 affair regarding Nixon's Paris peace talk maneuver. 
That evidence indicates that Reagan's campaign director William Casey organized a clandestine effort to prevent the hostages' release before Election Day, after apparently consulting with Nixon and Kissinger and aided by former CIA Director George H.W. Bush, who was Reagan's vice presidential running mate. 
By early November 1980, the public's obsession with Iran's humiliation of the United States and Carter's inability to free the hostages helped turn a narrow race into a Reagan landslide. When the hostages were finally let go immediately after Reagan's inauguration on Jan. 20, 1981, his supporters cited the timing to claim that the Iranians had finally relented out of fear of Reagan. 
Bolstered by his image as a tough guy, Reagan enacted much of his right-wing agenda, including passing massive tax cuts benefiting the wealthy, weakening unions and creating the circumstances for the rapid erosion of the Great American Middle Class. 
Behind the scenes, the Reagan administration signed off on secret arms shipments to Iran, mostly through Israel, what a variety of witnesses described as the payoff for Iran's cooperation in getting Reagan elected and then giving him the extra benefit of timing the hostage release to immediately follow his inauguration. Then-Vice President George H.W. Bush with CIA Director William Casey at the White House on Feb. 11, 1981. (Photo credit: Reagan Library) 
In summer 1981, when Assistant Secretary of State for the Middle East Nicholas Veliotes learned about the arms shipments to Iran, he checked on their origins and said, later in a PBS interview: 
'It was clear to me after my conversations with people on high that indeed we had agreed that the Israelis could transship to Iran some American-origin military equipment. '¦ [This operation] seems to have started in earnest in the period probably prior to the election of 1980, as the Israelis had identified who would become the new players in the national security area in the Reagan administration. And I understand some contacts were made at that time.' 
Those early covert arms shipments to Iran evolved into a later secret set of arms deals that surfaced in fall 1986 as the Iran-Contra Affair, with some of the profits getting recycled back to Reagan's beloved Nicaraguan Contra rebels fighting to overthrow Nicaragua's leftist government. 
While many facts of the Iran-Contra scandal were revealed by congressional and special-prosecutor investigations in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the origins of the Reagan-Iran relationship was always kept hazy. The Republicans were determined to stop any revelations about the 1980 contacts, but the Democrats were almost as reluctant to go there. 
A half-hearted congressional inquiry was launched in 1991 and depended heavily on then-President George H.W. Bush to collect the evidence and arrange interviews for the investigation. In other words, Bush, who was then seeking reelection and who was a chief suspect in the secret dealings with Iran, was entrusted with proving his own guilt. 
Tired of the Story 
By the early 1990s, the mainstream U.S. news media was also tired of the complex Iran-Contra scandal and wanted to move on. As a correspondent at Newsweek, I had battled senior editors over their disinterest in getting to the bottom of the scandal before I left the magazine in 1990. I then received an assignment from PBS Frontline to look into the 1980 'October Surprise' question, which led to a documentary on the subject in April 1991. PBS Frontline's: The Election Held Hostage, co-written by Robert Parry and Robert Ross. 
However, by fall 1991, just as Congress was agreeing to open an investigation, my ex-bosses at Newsweek, along with The New Republic, then an elite neoconservative publication interested in protecting Israel's exposure on those early arms deals, went on the attack. They published matching cover stories deeming the 1980 'October Surprise' case a hoax, but their articles were both based on a misreading of documents recording Casey's attendance at a conference in London in July 1980, which he seemed to have used as a cover for a side trip to Madrid to meet with senior Iranians regarding the hostages. 
Although the bogus Newsweek/New Republic 'London alibi' would eventually be debunked, it created a hostile climate for the investigation. With Bush angrily denying everything and the congressional Republicans determined to protect the President's flanks, the Democrats mostly just went through the motions of an investigation. 
Meanwhile, Bush's State Department and White House counsel's office saw their jobs as discrediting the investigation, deep-sixing incriminating documents, and helping a key witness dodge a congressional subpoena. 
Years later, I discovered a document at the Bush presidential library in College Station, Texas, confirming that Casey had taken a mysterious trip to Madrid in 1980. The U.S. Embassy's confirmation of Casey's trip was passed along by State Department legal adviser Edwin D. Williamson to Associate White House Counsel Chester Paul Beach Jr. in early November 1991, just as the congressional inquiry was taking shape. 
Williamson said that among the State Department 'material potentially relevant to the October Surprise allegations [was] a cable from the Madrid embassy indicating that Bill Casey was in town, for purposes unknown,' Beach noted in a ' memorandum for record ' dated Nov. 4, 1991. 
Two days later, on Nov. 6, Beach's boss, White House counsel C. Boyden Gray, convened an inter-agency strategy session and explained the need to contain the congressional investigation into the October Surprise case. The explicit goal was to ensure the scandal would not hurt President Bush's reelection hopes in 1992. C. Boyden Gray, White House counsel under President George H.W. Bush. 
At the meeting, Gray laid out how to thwart the October Surprise inquiry, which was seen as a dangerous expansion of the Iran-Contra investigation. The prospect that the two sets of allegations would merge into a single narrative represented a grave threat to George H.W. Bush's reelection campaign. As assistant White House counsel Ronald vonLembke, put it , the White House goal in 1991 was to 'kill/spike this story.' 
Gray explained the stakes at the White House strategy session. 'Whatever form they ultimately take, the House and Senate 'October Surprise' investigations, like Iran-Contra, will involve interagency concerns and be of special interest to the President ,' Gray declared, according to minutes . [Emphasis in original.] 
Among 'touchstones' cited by Gray were 'No Surprises to the White House, and Maintain Ability to Respond to Leaks in Real Time. This is Partisan.' White House 'talking points' on the October Surprise investigation urged restricting the inquiry to 1979-80 and imposing strict time limits for issuing any findings. 
Timid Democrats 
But Bush's White House really had little to fear because whatever evidence that the congressional investigation received '“ and a great deal arrived in December 1992 and January 1993 '“ there was no stomach for actually proving that the 1980 Reagan campaign had conspired with Iranian radicals to extend the captivity of 52 Americans in order to ensure Reagan's election victory. Former Rep. Lee Hamilton, D-Indiana. 
That would have undermined the faith of the American people in their democratic process '“ and that, as Clark Clifford said in the 1968 context, would not be 'good for the country.' 
In 2014 when I sent a copy of Beach's memo regarding Casey's trip to Madrid to former Rep. Lee Hamilton, D-Indiana, who had chaired the October Surprise inquiry in 1991-93, he told me that it had shaken his confidence in the task force's dismissive conclusions about the October Surprise issue. 
'The [Bush-41] White House did not notify us that he [Casey] did make the trip' to Madrid, Hamilton told me. 'Should they have passed that on to us? They should have because they knew we were interested in that.' 
Asked if knowledge that Casey had traveled to Madrid might have changed the task force's dismissive October Surprise conclusion, Hamilton said yes, because the question of the Madrid trip was key to the task force's investigation. 
'If the White House knew that Casey was there, they certainly should have shared it with us,' Hamilton said, adding that 'you have to rely on people' in authority to comply with information requests. But that trust was at the heart of the inquiry's failure. With the money and power of the American presidency at stake, the idea that George H.W. Bush and his team would help an investigation that might implicate him in an act close to treason was naÃ¯ve in the extreme. 
Arguably, Hamilton's timid investigation was worse than no investigation at all because it gave Bush's team the opportunity to search out incriminating documents and make them disappear. Then, Hamilton's investigative conclusion reinforced the 'group think' dismissing this serious manipulation of democracy as a 'conspiracy theory' when it was anything but. In the years since, Hamilton hasn't done anything to change the public impression that the Reagan campaign was innocent. 
Still, among the few people who have followed this case, the October Surprise cover-up would slowly crumble with admissions by officials involved in the investigation that its exculpatory conclusions were rushed , that crucial evidence had been hidden or ignored , and that some alibis for key Republicans didn't make any sense . 
But the dismissive 'group think' remains undisturbed as far as the major U.S. media and mainstream historians are concerned. [For details, see Robert Parry's America's Stolen Narrative or Trick or Treason: The 1980 October Surprise Mystery or Consortiumnews.com's ' Second Thoughts on October Surprise. '] 
Past as Prologue 
Lee Hamilton's decision to 'clear' Reagan and Bush of the 1980 October Surprise suspicions in 1992 was not simply a case of miswriting history. The findings had clear implications for the future as well, since the public impression about George H.W. Bush's rectitude was an important factor in the support given to his oldest son, George W. Bush, in 2000. President George W. Bush is introduced by his brother Florida Gov. Jeb Bush before delivering remarks at Sun City Center, Florida, on May 9, 2006. (White House photo by Eric Draper) 
Indeed, if the full truth had been told about the father's role in the October Surprise and Iran-Contra cases, it's hard to imagine that his son would have received the Republican nomination, let alone made a serious run for the White House. And, if that history were known, there might have been a stronger determination on the part of Democrats to resist another Bush 'stolen election' in 2000. 
Regarding Election 2000, the evidence is now clear that Vice President Al Gore not only won the national popular vote but received more votes that were legal under Florida law than did George W. Bush. But Bush relied first on the help of officials working for his brother, Gov. Jeb Bush, and then on five Republican justices on the U.S. Supreme Court to thwart a full recount and to award him Florida's electoral votes and thus the presidency. 
The reality of Gore's rightful victory should have finally become clear in November 2001 when a group of news organizations finished their own examination of Florida's disputed ballots and released their tabulations showing that Gore would have won if all ballots considered legal under Florida law were counted. 
However, between the disputed election and the release of those numbers, the 9/11 attacks had occurred, so The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN and other leading outlets did not want the American people to know that the wrong person was in the White House. Surely, telling the American people that fact amid the 9/11 crisis would not be 'good for the country.' 
So, senior editors at all the top new organizations decided to mislead the public by framing their stories in a deceptive way to obscure the most newsworthy discovery '“ that the so-called 'over-votes' in which voters both checked and wrote in their choices' names broke heavily for Gore and would have put him over the top regardless of which kinds of chads were considered for the 'under-votes' that hadn't registered on antiquated voting machines. 'Over-votes' would be counted under Florida law which bases its standards on 'clear intent of the voter.' 
However, instead of leading with Gore's rightful victory, the news organizations concocted hypotheticals around partial recounts that still would have given Florida narrowly to Bush. They either left out or buried the obvious lede that a historic injustice had occurred. Former Vice President Al Gore. (Photo credit: algore.com) 
On Nov. 12, 2001, the day that the news organizations ran those stories, I examined the actual data and quickly detected the evidence of Gore's victory. In a story that day, I suggested that senior news executives were exercising a misguided sense of patriotism. They had hid the reality for 'the good of the country,' much as Johnson's team had done in 1968 regarding Nixon's sabotage of the Paris peace talks and Hamilton's inquiry had done regarding the 1980 'October Surprise' case. 
Within a couple of hours of my posting the article at Consortiumnews.com, I received an irate phone call from The New York Times media writer Felicity Barringer, who accused me of impugning the journalistic integrity of then-Times executive editor Howell Raines. I got the impression that Barringer had been on the look-out for some deviant story that didn't accept the Bush-won conventional wisdom. 
However, this violation of objective and professional journalism '“ bending the slant of a story to achieve a preferred outcome rather than simply giving the readers the most interesting angle '“ was not simply about some historical event that had occurred a year earlier. It was about the future. 
By misleading Americans into thinking that Bush was the rightful winner of Election 2000 '“ even if the media's motivation was to maintain national unity following the 9/11 attacks '“ the major news outlets gave Bush greater latitude to respond to the crisis, including the diversionary invasion of Iraq under false pretenses. The Bush-won headlines of November 2001 also enhanced the chances of his reelection in 2004. [For the details of how a full Florida recount would have given Gore the White House, see Consortiumnews.com's ' Gore's Victory ,' ' So Bush Did Steal the White House ,' and ' Bush v. Gore's Dark American Decade. '] 
A Phalanx of Misguided Consensus 
Looking back on these examples of candidates manipulating democracy, there appears to be one common element: after the 'stolen' elections, the media and political establishments quickly line up, shoulder to shoulder, to assure the American people that nothing improper has happened. Graceful 'losers' are patted on the back for not complaining that the voters' will had been ignored or twisted. U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. 
Al Gore is praised for graciously accepting the extraordinary ruling by Republican partisans on the Supreme Court, who stopped the counting of ballots in Florida on the grounds, as Justice Antonin Scalia said, that a count that showed Gore winning (when the Court's majority was already planning to award the White House to Bush) would undermine Bush's 'legitimacy.' 
Similarly, Rep. Hamilton is regarded as a modern 'wise man,' in part, because he conducted investigations that never pushed very hard for the truth but rather reached conclusions that were acceptable to the powers-that-be, that didn't ruffle too many feathers. 
But the cumulative effect of all these half-truths, cover-ups and lies '“ uttered for 'the good of the country' '“ is to corrode the faith of many well-informed Americans about the legitimacy of the entire process. It is the classic parable of the boy who cried wolf too many times, or in this case, assured the townspeople that there never was a wolf and that they should ignore the fact that the livestock had mysteriously disappeared leaving behind only a trail of blood into the forest. 
So, when Donald Trump shows up in 2016 insisting that the electoral system is rigged against him, many Americans choose to believe his demagogy. But Trump isn't pressing for the full truth about the elections of 1968 or 1980 or 2000. He actually praises Republicans implicated in those cases and vows to appoint Supreme Court justices in the mold of the late Antonin Scalia. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. 
Trump's complaints about 'rigged' elections are more in line with the white Southerners during Jim Crow, suggesting that black and brown people are cheating at the polls and need to have white poll monitors to make sure they don't succeed at 'stealing' the election from white people. 
There is a racist undertone to Trump's version of a 'rigged' democracy but he is not entirely wrong about the flaws in the process. He's just not honest about what those flaws are. 
The hard truth is that the U.S. political process is not democracy's 'gold standard'; it is and has been a severely flawed system that is not made better by a failure to honestly address the unpleasant realities and to impose accountability on politicians who cheat the voters. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).
ARTICLE

The Abnormal Normal of Nuclear Terror October 28, 2016 
Almost goofily, behind Official Washington's latest warmongering 'group think,' the U.S. has plunged into a New Cold War against Russia with no debate about the enormous costs and the extraordinary risks of nuclear annihilation, Gray Brechin observes. 
By Gray Brechin 
When Lewis Mumford heard that a primitive atomic bomb had obliterated Hiroshima, the eminent urban and technology historian experienced 'almost physical nausea.' He instantly understood that humanity now had the means to exterminate itself. 
On March 2, 1946, seven months later, he published an essay titled 'Gentlemen: You Are Mad!' Not only did madmen, Mumford insist, 'govern our affairs in the name of order and security,' but he called his fellow Americans equally mad for viewing 'the madness of our leaders as if it expressed a traditional wisdom and common sense' even as those leaders readied the means for 'the casual suicide of the human race.' Illustration by Chesley Bonestell of nuclear bombs detonating over New York City, entitled 'Hiroshima U.S.A.' Colliers, Aug. 5, 1950. 
In the 70 years since the Saturday Review of Literature published Mumford's warning, that madness has grown to be normative so that those who question the cost, safety and promised security of the nuclear stockpile are regarded as the Trojans did Cassandra '” if they are noticed at all. 
'The bottom line on nuclear weapons is that when the president gives the order it mus t be followed, ' insisted Hillary Clinton in the third presidential debate as a means of affirming her own '” rather than her opponent's '” qualifications to give that order. 'There's about four minutes between the order being given and the people responsible for launching nuclear weapons to do so.' 
Four minutes to launch is a minute more than the three to midnight at which the Doomsday Clock now stands. Clinton no doubt calculated that voters would be more comfortable with her own steady finger on the nuclear trigger. I can think of no better proof of Mumford's contention than the fact that those voters would give any individual the power to abruptly end life on Earth unless it is that her statement went unremarked by those keeping score. 
The Nobel Mistake 
Less than nine months into Barack Obama's presidency, Norway's Nobel Institute bestowed the Nobel Peace Prize on him largely on the strength of his pledge during his first major foreign policy speech in Prague to rid the world of nuclear weapons. In a 2015 memoir, former secretary of the Institute Geir Lundestad expressed remorse for doing so, saying '[We] thought that it would strengthen Obama and it didn't have that effect.' President Barack Obama uncomfortably accepting the Nobel Peace Prize from Committee Chairman Thorbjorn Jagland in Oslo, Norway, Dec. 10, 2009. (White House photo) 
Like all modern presidents, Obama quickly learned the political economy of the entrenched nuclear establishment, committing a trillion dollars to the 'modernization' of the arsenal and its delivery systems 30 years beyond his presidency. 
As Obama prepared to leave office, his Defense Secretary Ashton Carter rejected pleas for reducing the stockpile and announced that the Pentagon planned to spend $108 billion over five years to 'correct decades of underinvestment in nuclear deterrence '¦ dat[ing] back to the Cold War.' The last Cold War, that is. 
Such staggering expenditures are, however, even more unlikely to purchase the order and security that Secretary Carter promised than when Mumford issued his warning. That was well before thousands of thermonuclear weapons waited on hair-trigger alert for the order to launch or a glitch that would do so without an order. 
In his recently published book My Journey At the Nuclear Brink , Bill Clinton's Defense Secretary William Perry detailed the numerous close calls by which the world has dodged partial or all-out Armageddon and claimed that the likelihood of disaster is growing rather than diminishing. Most of these events are unknown to the public. 
Former head of the U.S. Strategic Command General James Cartwright bolstered Perry's claim when he told a San Francisco audience that 'It makes no sense to keep our nuclear weapons online 24 hours a day' since 'You've either been hacked and are not admitting it, or you're being hacked and don't know it.' One of those hackers, he said, could get lucky. 
A Non-existent Debate 
When Hillary Clinton was asked at a town hall event in Concord, New Hampshire, if she would reduce expenditures for nuclear arms and rein in the corporations that sell the government those weapons, she replied 'I think we are overdue for a very thorough debate in our country about what we need and how we are willing to pay for it.' Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaking with supporters at a campaign rally at Carl Hayden High School in Phoenix, Arizona.   by Gage Skidmore) 
Such a debate has never been held and '” given the peril, complexity and cost of nuclear technology '” it is never likely to happen unless a president of exceptional courage and independence demands it. The profits of weapons production are simply too great and few of the prospective victims understandably want to dwell on the unthinkable when so much more diverting entertainment is available on their Smartphones. 
Nuclear weapons by their nature are inimical to transparency and thus to the public discussion, control and democracy they ostensibly protect. Nor does Doomsday make for winning dinner banter. 
The Brookings Institute in 1998 published a study of the cumulative costs of nuclear weapons entitled Atomic Audit . It put the bill to date at $5.5 trillion, virtually none of which was known by the public or even to members of Congress or the President. The cost simply grew and continues to grow in the dark, precluding spending on so much else that might otherwise return in public works and services to those who unwittingly pay for the weapons while also mitigating the causes of war abroad. 
If she wins, Hillary Clinton's election to the Presidency will be hailed as historic, but not nearly as historic as if she would sponsor that 'overdue' and 'very thorough debate' of which she spoke in the city of Concord. Such a debate might begin to lift from her own shoulders '” and from those of her successors if there are to be any '” what she called 'the awesome responsibility' of four minutes to launch. That way lies sanity after 70 years of its opposite. 
Dr. Gray Brechin is the Project Scholar of the Living New Deal University at the UC Berkeley Department of Geography. He is the author of Imperial San Francisco: Urban Power, Earthly Ruin which explains the historical context of California's long but little-known involvement with nuclear weaponry.
ARTICLE

Selling 'Regime Change' Wars to the Masses October 28, 2016 
Propaganda is now such a pervasive part of Western governance that any foreign leader who resists the prevailing power structure can be turned into a demon and made a target of a 'regime change' war, explains John Pilger. 
By John Pilger 
American journalist Edward Bernays is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psychoanalysis, it was Bernays who coined the term 'public relations' as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. 
In 1929, as a publicist for the cigarette industry, Bernays persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade '“ behavior then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, 'Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!' Edward Bernays, a pioneer in the modern use of propaganda. 
Bernays's influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was 'engineering the consent' of people in order to 'control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it.' 
He described this as 'the true ruling power in our society' and called it an 'invisible government.' 
Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and filmmaker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged. 
Tale of Two Cities 
Imagine two cities. Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters embedded with them, who enthusiastically report their battles and air strikes. There are front-page pictures of these heroic soldiers giving a V-sign for victory. There is scant mention of civilian casualties. Samantha Power, Permanent Representative of the United States to the UN, addresses the Security Council meeting on Syria, Sept. 25, 2016 (UN Photo) 
In the second city '“ in another country nearby '“ almost exactly the same is happening. Government forces are laying siege to a city controlled by the same breed of fanatics. 
The difference is that these fanatics are supported, supplied and armed by 'us' '“ by the United States and Britain. They even have a media center that is funded by Britain and America. 
Another difference is that the government soldiers laying siege to this city are the 'bad guys,' condemned for assaulting and bombing the city '“ which is exactly what the good soldiers do in the first city. 
Confusing? Not really. Such is the basic double standard that is the essence of propaganda. I am referring, of course, to the current siege of the city of Mosul by the government forces of Iraq, who are backed by the United States and Britain, and to the siege of Aleppo by the government forces of Syria, backed by Russia. One is good; the other is bad. 
Behind the Fanatics 
What is seldom reported is that both cities would not be occupied by fanatics and ravaged by war if Britain and the United States had not invaded Iraq in 2003. That criminal enterprise was launched on lies strikingly similar to the propaganda that now distorts our understanding of the civil war in Syria. U.S.-backed Syrian 'moderate' rebels smile as they prepare to behead a 12-year-old boy (left), whose severed head is held aloft triumphantly in a later part of the video. [Screenshot from the YouTube video] Without this drumbeat of propaganda dressed up as news, the monstrous ISIS and Al Qaeda and the Nusra Front and the rest of the jihadist gang might not exist, and the people of Syria might not be fighting for their lives today.
Some may remember in 2003 a succession of BBC reporters turning to the camera and telling us that British Prime Minister Tony Blair was 'vindicated' for what turned out to be the crime of the century, the invasion of Iraq. The U.S. television networks produced the same validation for George W. Bush. Fox News brought on former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger to effuse over then-Secretary of State Colin Powell's fabrications. 
The same year, soon after the invasion, I filmed an interview in Washington with Charles Lewis, the renowned American investigative journalist. I asked him, 'What would have happened if the freest media in the world had seriously challenged what turned out to be crude propaganda?' 
He replied that if journalists had done their job, 'there is a very, very good chance we would not have gone to war in Iraq.' 
It was a shocking statement, and one supported by other famous journalists to whom I put the same question '” Dan Rather of CBS, David Rose of the Observer, and journalists and producers in the BBC, who wished to remain anonymous. 
In other words, had journalists done their job, had they challenged and investigated the propaganda instead of amplifying it, hundreds of thousands of men, women and children would be alive today, and there would be no ISIS and no siege of Aleppo or Mosul. 
There would have been no atrocity on the London Underground on July 7, 2005. There would have been no flight of millions of refugees; there would be no miserable camps. 
When the terrorist atrocity happened in Paris last November, President Francoise Hollande immediately sent planes to bomb Syria '“ and more terrorism followed, predictably, the product of Hollande's bombast about France being 'at war' and 'showing no mercy.' That state violence and jihadist violence feed off each other is the truth that no national leader has the courage to speak. 
'When the truth is replaced by silence,' said the Soviet dissident Yevtushenko, 'the silence is a lie.' 
Punishing Independence 
The attack on Iraq, the attack on Libya, the attack on Syria happened because the leader in each of these countries was not a puppet of the West. The human rights record of a Saddam or a Gaddafi was irrelevant. They did not obey orders and surrender control of their country. Ousted Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi shortly before he was murdered on Oct. 20, 2011. 
The same fate awaited Slobodan Milosevic once he had refused to sign an 'agreement' that demanded the occupation of Serbia and its conversion to a market economy. His people were bombed, and he was prosecuted in The Hague. Independence of this kind is intolerable. 
As WikLeaks has revealed, it was only when the Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad in 2009 rejected an oil pipeline, running through his country from Qatar to Europe, that he was attacked. From that moment, the CIA planned to destroy the government of Syria with jihadist fanatics '“ the same fanatics currently holding the people of Mosul and eastern Aleppo hostage. 
Why is this not news? The former British Foreign Office official Carne Ross, who was responsible for operating sanctions against Iraq, told me: 'We would feed journalists factoids of sanitized intelligence, or we would freeze them out. That is how it worked.' 
The West's medieval client, Saudi Arabia '“ to which the U.S. and Britain sell billions of dollars' worth of arms '“ is at present destroying Yemen, a country so poor that in the best of times, half the children are malnourished. 
Look on YouTube and you will see the kind of massive bombs '“ 'our' bombs '“ that the Saudis use against dirt-poor villages, and against weddings, and funerals. The explosions look like small atomic bombs. The bomb aimers in Saudi Arabia work side-by-side with British officers. This fact is not on the evening news. 
Refined Messengers 
Propaganda is most effective when our consent is engineered by those with a fine education '“ Oxford, Cambridge, Harvard, Columbia '“ and with careers on the BBC, the Guardia n, the New York Times , the Washington Post . New York Times building in New York City. (Photo from Wikipedia) 
These organizations are known as the 'liberal media.' They present themselves as enlightened, progressive tribunes of the moral zeitgeist. They are anti-racist, pro-feminist and pro-LGBT. And they love war. While they speak up for feminism, they support rapacious wars that deny the rights of countless women, including the right to life. 
In 2011, Libya, then a modern state, was destroyed on the pretext that Muammar Gaddafi was about to commit genocide on his own people. That was the incessant news; and there was no evidence. It was a lie. 
In fact, Britain, Europe and the United States wanted what they like to call 'regime change' in Libya, the biggest oil producer in Africa. Gaddafi's influence in the continent and, above all, his independence were intolerable. 
So Gaddafi was murdered with a knife in his rear by fanatics, backed by America, Britain and France. Hillary Clinton cheered his gruesome death for the camera, declaring, 'We came, we saw, he died!' 
The destruction of Libya was a media triumph. As the war drums were beaten, Jonathan Freedland wrote in the Guardian : 'Though the risks are very real, the case for intervention remains strong.' 
Intervention '“ what a polite, benign, Guardian word, whose real meaning, for Libya, was death and destruction. 
According to its own records, NATO launched 9,700 'strike sorties' against Libya, of which more than a third were aimed at civilian targets. They included missiles with uranium warheads. Look at the photographs of the rubble of Misurata and Sirte, and the mass graves identified by the Red Cross. The Unicef report on the children killed says, 'most [of them] under the age of ten.' 
As a direct consequence, Sirte became a capital of ISIS. 
Ukraine is another media triumph. Respectable liberal newspapers such as the New York Times , the Washington Post and the Guardian , and mainstream broadcasters such as the BBC, NBC, CBS, CNN have played a critical role in conditioning their viewers to accept a new and 
dangerous Cold War. All have misrepresented events in Ukraine as a malign act by Russia when, in fact, the coup in Ukraine in 2014 was the work of the United States, aided by Germany and NATO. 
Inversion of Reality 
This inversion of reality is so pervasive that Washington's military intimidation of Russia is not news; it is suppressed behind a smear-and-scare campaign of the kind I grew up with during the first Cold War. Once again, the Russkies are coming to get us, led by another Stalin, whom The Economist depicts as the devil. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, flanked by Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs Victoria 'Toria' Nuland, addresses Russian President Vladimir Putin in a meeting room at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, on July 14, 2016. [State Department Photo] The suppression of the truth about Ukraine is one of the most complete news blackouts I can remember. The fascists who engineered the coup in Kiev are the same breed that backed the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941. Of all the scares about the rise of fascist anti-Semitism in Europe, no leader ever mentions the fascists in Ukraine '“ except Vladimir Putin, but he does not count.
Many in the Western media have worked hard to present the ethnic Russian-speaking population of Ukraine as outsiders in their own country, as agents of Moscow, almost never as Ukrainians seeking a federation within Ukraine and as Ukrainian citizens resisting a foreign-orchestrated coup against their elected government. 
There is almost the joie d'esprit of a class reunion of warmongers. The drum-beaters of the Washington Post inciting war with Russia are the very same editorial writers who published the lie that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. 
A Freak Show 
To most of us, the American presidential campaign is a media freak show, in which Donald Trump is the arch villain. But Trump is loathed by those with power in the United States for reasons that have little to do with his obnoxious behavior and opinions. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaking to the AIPAC conference in Washington D.C. on   credit: AIPAC) 
To the invisible government in Washington, the unpredictable Trump is an obstacle to America's design for the Twenty-first Century. This is to maintain the dominance of the United States and to subjugate Russia, and, if possible, China. 
To the militarists in Washington, the real problem with Trump is that, in his lucid moments, he seems not to want a war with Russia; he wants to talk with the Russian president, not fight him; he says he wants to talk with the president of China. 
In the first debate with Hillary Clinton, Trump promised not to be the first to introduce nuclear weapons into a conflict. He said, 'I would certainly not do first strike. Once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over.' That was not news. 
Did he really mean it? Who knows? He often contradicts himself. But what is clear is that Trump is considered a serious threat to the status quo maintained by the vast national security machine that runs the United States, regardless of who is in the White House. 
The CIA wants him beaten. The Pentagon wants him beaten. The media wants him beaten. Even his own party wants him beaten. He is a threat to the rulers of the world '“ unlike Hillary Clinton who has left no doubt she is prepared to go to war with nuclear-armed Russia and China. 
The Clinton Danger 
Clinton has the form, as she often boasts. Indeed, her record is proven. As a senator, she backed the bloodbath in Iraq. When she ran against Obama in 2008, she threatened to 'totally obliterate' Iran. As Secretary of State, she colluded in the destruction of governments in Libya and Honduras and set in train the baiting of China. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton addressing the AIPAC conference in Washington D.C. on   credit: AIPAC) 
She has now pledged to support a 'no-fly zone' in Syria '“ a direct provocation for war with Russia. Clinton may well become the most dangerous president of the United States in my lifetime '“ a distinction for which the competition is fierce. 
Without a shred of public evidence, Clinton has accused Russia of supporting Trump and hacking her emails. Released by WikiLeaks, these emails tell us that what Clinton says in private, in speeches to the rich and powerful, is the opposite of what she says in public. 
That is why silencing and threatening Julian Assange is so important. As the editor of WikiLeaks, Assange knows the truth. And let me assure those who are concerned, he is well, and WikiLeaks is operating on all cylinders. 
Today, the greatest build-up of American-led forces since World War Two is under way '“ in the Caucasus and Eastern Europe, on the border with Russia, and in Asia and the Pacific, where China is the target. 
Keep that in mind when the presidential election circus reaches its finale on Nov. 8. If the winner is Clinton, a Greek chorus of witless commentators will celebrate her coronation as a great step forward for women. None will mention Clinton's victims: the women of Syria, the women of Iraq, the women of Libya. None will mention the civil defense drills being conducted in Russia. None will recall Edward Bernays's 'torches of freedom.' 
Scott McClellan, who had been George W. Bush's press spokesman, once called the media 'complicit enablers.' Coming from a senior official in an administration whose lies, enabled by the media, caused such suffering, that description is a warning from history. 
In 1946, the Nuremberg Tribunal prosecutor said of the German media: 'Before every major aggression, they initiated a press campaign calculated to weaken their victims and to prepare the German people psychologically for the attack. In the propaganda system, it was the daily press and the radio that were the most important weapons.'
ARTICLE

A Lasting Trump Stamp on Foreign Policy October 28, 2016 
Many downwardly mobile Americans are confused about what happened to them, which explains the attraction of Donald Trump, who offers few coherent solutions but may have a lasting impact on U.S. relations with the world, says Michael Brenner. 
By Michael Brenner 
Donald Trump most likely will not be elected President. Still, his historic campaign has sent shock waves through the American body politic. All are asking what it means and what it portends. The focus is on America at home rather than abroad. Foreign policy issues have been overshadowed by anxious domestic concerns. 
Moreover, Trump never formulated a coherent view of international issues. Like the average guy, he simply spat out whatever thoughts passed through his head as he had caught snippets of Fox News. Any attempt to discern logic and strategy from Trump's disjointed exclamations proves frustrating. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. 
Trump's entire campaign conveyed emotions rather than considered thoughts. It played to the public's feelings '“ amplifying them and channeling them into a turbid or opaque brew of primitive slogans. Energy was imparted through unbridled vehemence and the showmanship of the born despot. 
So it is those emotions that we should look at to see what is simmering behind the formal faÃ§ade of our democracy in action. For they will outlast the election. Therein lies their significance for possible effects on the United States relations with the rest of the world. 
American Nativism 
If there is an appropriate label to stick on this fermenting vat, it is 'nativism.' By that we mean a rather inchoate mix of atavistic nationalism, xenophobia, aggressiveness, righteous religiosity and racism dressed up as patriotism. Deep-seated sense of grievance and pervasive feelings that the true American has been sold out provide the fuel. 
Each of these elements has precedents in American history and roots in American society. They periodically have surfaced in political movements from the 'Know-Nothings' who in the 1850s were empowered by popular fears that the country was being overwhelmed by German and Irish Catholic immigrants, to the paranoia that accompanied the Red Scare in the aftermath of the Bolshevik Revolution and then reappeared with greater intensity in the form of McCarthyism. The run-down PIX Theatre sign reads 'Vote Trump' on Main Street in Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. July 15, 2016. (Photo by Tony Webster Flickr) 
Today's manifestations have a larger economic component. The optimistic creed that has been the lifeblood of America has been sapped by the plight of salaried workers after decades of wealth redistribution upwards, the hollowing out of the country's industrial core, the financializing of business, and the emergence of a 'gig' economy that promises only more dislocation, insecurity, skimpy or no benefits, and declining living standards. 
Rugged individualism dictates that individual persons should assume responsibility for their failings; stoic fatalism in the face of external forces that drain all hope is quite another matter. Blame, like discontent, is free-floating. Its locus shifts among Wall Street, government leaders, and foreigners. 
The last most interests us here. Factors originating beyond the nation's borders are prominent targets. They range from 'globalization' as an abstract new reality, to Benedict Arnold companies that off-shore jobs and tax liabilities, to U.S. leaders who sign away American interests in one-sided trade deals to hostile governments who are cheaters. 
Sold Out 
There is more than a grain of truth in the complaints directed at all of those mentioned. The 'common man,' as we quaintly used to call workers, indeed has been sold out by the 'bosses' '“ economic and political. In truth, most of that selling out has been by elites favoring other elites here at home at the expense of the general populace. Foreigners are politically more convenient targets, though. Hillary Clinton speaking at a rally in Phoenix, Arizona,   by Gage Skidmore) 
The primary question is whether the disposition to blame external parties will manifest itself in antagonistic action. That has been the pattern elsewhere at other times. It is by no means obvious, though, that this logic holds in the case of the United States today. This is certainly true as regards any large-scale use of military force. 
Fifteen years of relentless, failed wars in the greater Middle East have drained the country of the passion for violence with which Americans retaliated for 9/11. Whether a President Hillary Clinton would expand operations in Syria is unaffected by the American public's anger over illegal immigration or biased 'trade' agreements. A vague distaste for ungrateful, grasping foreigners does not eclipse aversion to expensive new adventures abroad or skepticism that they will work. 
As to Russia, the current high-decibel condemnation of Moscow's alleged machinations is more an elite phenomenon, led by the security establishment, than it is an expression of popular outrage. Few Americans identify with the Syrian 'rebels' whom Vladimir Putin is fighting or Ukrainian paramilitaries burning people alive in Odessa. 
The negative view of Russia, and Putin personally, so assiduously cultivated by politicos and the mainstream media does not translate into a broad fear or hatred among the American people. The pervasive obsession with the Red Menace that marked the Cold War remains dormant. That is even true in Europe '“ except for the Poles and the Baltics. Washington chooses to be rhetorically aggressive and to take the much publicized steps of building up NATO forces around Russia's periphery. But there is little stomach for actually raising a risk of direct conflict. 
In conclusion, American policy toward Russia and the Middle East will follow the tracks laid down by the Obama administration with little deviation '“ and no greater success. 
The Dark Side 
Every society has its dark and dangerous undercurrents. America's is laced with racism and fed by a deep pool of personal insecurities. The recrudescence of coarse racism, the deep psychic anxieties of the white males of Middle America, the embrace of jingoism, the frustrations of trailer park super-patriots, and the desperation of tormented Evangelicals torn over the question of whether a prospective nuclear Iran is a sign that the End Days are approaching or a serious speed-bump on the road to Rapture '“ together, these elements are creating an emotional maelstrom that has found an odd idol in the buffoonish persona of Donald Trump. Afghan children await school supplies from Allied forces at Sozo School in Kabul. (French navy photo by Master Petty Officer Valverde) 
The longer it lasts, the more attached Trump himself becomes to the pipedream of writing his name on the wind forever '“ and the more his followers see themselves affirmed and exalted. 
Finally, we have to come to terms with the dismaying truth that public opinion, in individuals and in aggregate, is only exceptionally the outcome of an informed and thoughtful process of deliberation. It is the rationalist myth that we are by nature thinking creatures inclined to viewing the world around us in an emotionally detached, mature manner. Very, very few persons approximate that model. 
Inherited loyalties, deep-seated prejudices and preferences, private emotions, the attraction or repulsion of personality '“ all of these elements come into play to considerable degree. In today's society where attachments of all sorts are weak and evanescent, where political parties have little cohesion, where associational life has faded, where we are exposed to the barrage of media imagery and messaging, the rationalist model has become less and less valid. Most of us are shaped by influences that we only dimly perceive '“ whether calculated intent lies behind them or not. 
Immigration Hot Button 
Thus, it is immigration that has become the hot button issue involving other countries. Passions are aroused by two things: the presence of millions of illegals from Mexico and Central America; and the prospect of Islamic terrorists entering the United States masquerading as refugees. Syrian women and children refugees at Budapest railway station. (Photo from Wikipedia) 
The two merge at the most primitive level of emotions. Together, they deepen worries that the world is spinning out of control in ways that call into question the country the many American people know (or imagine they know). Projections of rapidly increasing Latino populations, which threaten to overwhelm school districts and voter rolls, ruffle the feathers of many Middle Americans. Alarm that welfare and other social problems are siphoning off much needed public moneys in the age of austerity add a tangible economic element to these anxieties. 
Could this lead to implementation of the sorts of draconian 'ethnic cleansing' programs advocated by Donald Trump? Unlikely '“ despite his ability to insert them into so-called 'mainstream' discourse about the problem. It is easy to exaggerate the extent and the intensity of anti-immigrant feelings. 
Most Americans encounter little of it in their daily lives. Those who do in places like Texas or California pretty much take it as a given: something that should be dealt with but not a matter requiring urgent action. Arizona is different. That's where the extreme Rightists (and the Republican politicos whom they have intimidated into obedience) make most of the noise. 
Foreign observers should note that the situation in the U.S. is very different from that in Western Europe. Not only is the United States a very big country where relatively large populations can get lost but, equally important, social space is not as tightly configured. 
Outside of small towns, there is little sense of traditional community to be protected. Americanism trumps all as the successful integration of waves of immigrants throughout the country's history has demonstrated. While Latinos do present some unusual complications (unlike South or East Asian immigrants), visceral concerns about a denaturing of culture and society are relatively weak. (After all, 25 percent of baseball players in the professional leagues are Latinos '“ most from abroad.) 
So, the politics of immigration policy reform has not changed. The policies and unresolved dispute over what to do next will remain in their present indeterminate state. 
The Terrorism Scare 
The immigration-terrorism link is a far more passionate matter. It taps the terrorism psychosis that has gripped the country since 9/11. The graphic outbreak of mass shootings over the past year has rekindled feverish emotions. The fact that the Orlando/San Bernadino/New York/New Jersey perpetrators had some vague connection with jihadi groups in the Middle East has given these events a transnational dimension. It doesn't seem to matter that perps were American-born citizens or had grown up in the U.S. Islamic terrorists prepare to execute a wounded policeman after their attack on the offices of French magazine Charlie Hebdo on Jan. 7, 2015. 
Logically speaking, a detached observer could infer that restrictive immigration from the Mideast or of Muslims generally would have no bearing on the level of terrorist threat. But facts in the age of Trump have lost much of their purchase on the American mind. 
One fact that is incontrovertible is that politicians run scared on all matters that are related to terrorism '“ however oblique. The foot-dragging of President Obama on accepting any significant number of Syrian refugees is exhibit number one. Hostility toward Muslims generally is on the rise as witness the spike in abusive incidents in recent months. They now are occurring at a higher rate than they did in the wake of 9/11. By contrast, public authorities at all levels are less inclined to pursue surveillance and detention policies that skirt the law compared to that earlier period. 
The net effect will be a deepening perception around the world that the United States is hostile toward Islam. That is grist for the mill of the jihadis and opportunistic politicians. While it seems unlikely that signs of Islamo-phobia in American society will affect the thinking and actions of government leaders, they very well could register in the communities from which suicide bombers and terrorists are drawn '“ in Europe especially and among certain unbalanced individuals in the United States itself. That cycle thereby gains velocity. 
What about the economic sphere? It is there that one might reasonably expect the preoccupations of the presidential campaign to affect the policy of a new administration. Economic nationalism follows naturally from aroused popular discontents that finger the forces of globalization as a prime cause of the economic plight in which tens of millions of American find themselves. That is to say, one might anticipate that American officials will take a more searching look at the 'bottom-line' impact of the accelerating integration of the world economy whose promotion has been a centerpiece of American foreign policy since the early 1990s '“ as actively and optimistically promoted by Hillary Clinton's husband. 
The process has tremendous momentum '“ institutional (via such entities as the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank), political and intellectual. Economic thinking, academic and governmental, has been totally dominated by the twin market fundamentalist concepts of General Market Equilibrium Theory and benign globalization. 
A Bow to Inequality 
While it has become trendy for all and sundry to make a ceremonial bow to the inequality phenomenon, it is hard to see the momentum of this juggernaut being blocked by disorganized displays of populism. Former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers. 
Former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers, who served under President Bill Clinton, personifies this state of affairs. One of the architects and master builders of the financialized, unregulated transnational economy who fought ruthlessly to bail out Wall Street at the expense of Main Street after the 2008 crash, he now punctuates his innumerable public appearances with warnings that we should pay attention to the inequality dilemma. 
This homily is not a prelude to any action. Rather, it is akin to the Mafia don who devoutly crosses himself every time that his limousine crosses the path of a religious procession on a Saint's Day. 
That is the outlook in the United States under Hillary Clinton. The one exception might by the TPP and TIIP trade treaties with Asia. Both were crafted by elites imbued by the optimistic globalization creed, both were kept secret except for the financial and commercial interests who were participants in their drafting, and both go far beyond traditional trade matters. 
The former, in particular, represents a radical transference of power from national governments to private parties institutionalized in expert panels heavily biased toward the latter. Indeed, many of its provisions may be unconstitutional '“ as a fair-minded Supreme Court could rule. 
That recondite aspect of TPP did not get an airing during the campaign. However, the tying of the treaty to the damaging effects of 'trade' treaties forced even its supporters to equivocate. Hillary Clinton had been an enthusiastic backer until Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump began to reap political hay by condemning it. She now declares that is acceptable only if significant new conditions are met. 
What will be her ultimate position? She may be spared that agonizing decision were Obama able to push a lame-duck session of the Senate to ratify it. Otherwise, it may just be the one and only piece of American foreign relations that changes as a result of the election campaign. 
Continuity is likely to prevail elsewhere. Americans overall will remain the insular, parochial, moralizing and largely ignorant citizens they have been. That leaves plenty of space for a foreign-policy establishment driven by a powerful inertia to add to its long string of mishaps. 
Michael Brenner is a professor of international affairs at the University of Pittsburgh. mbren@pitt.edu
ARTICLE

How the West Provoked the New Cold War October 31, 2016 
The mainstream U.S. media portrays the New Cold War as 'white-hatted' Americans standing up to 'black-hatted' Russians to stop aggression against NATO and to save children in Syria, but the reality is much more gray, says ex-CIA analyst Ray McGovern. 
By Ray McGovern 
How did the 'growing trust' that Russian President Vladimir Putin once said marked his 'working and personal relationship with President Obama ' change into today's deep distrust and saber-rattling? 
Their relationship reached its zenith after Mr. Putin persuaded Syria to give up its chemical weapons for verified destruction, enabling Mr. Obama at the last minute to call off, with some grace, plans to attack Syria in late summer 2013. President Barack Obama addresses the United Nations General Assembly's seventy-first session on Sept. 20, 2016 (UN Photo) 
But at an international conference in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi last week, Mr. Putin spoke of the 'feverish' state of international relations and lamented: 'My personal agreements with the President of the United States have not produced results.' He complained about 'people in Washington ready to do everything possible to prevent these agreements from being implemented in practice' and, referring to Syria, decried the lack of a 'common front against terrorism after such lengthy negotiations, enormous effort, and difficult compromises.' 
A month earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , who chooses his words carefully, told Russian TV viewers, 'My good friend John Kerry '¦ is under fierce criticism from the U.S. military machine. Despite [Mr. Kerry's] assurances that the U.S. commander in chief, President Barack Obama, supported him in his contacts with Russia (he confirmed that during his meeting with President Vladimir Putin) apparently the military does not really listen to the commander in chief.' 
Do not chalk this up to paranoia. The U.S.-led coalition air strikes on known Syrian army positions killing scores of troops just five days into the September cease-fire '” not to mention statements at the time by the most senior U.S. generals '” were evidence enough to convince the Russians that the Pentagon was intent on scuttling meaningful cooperation with Russia. 
A New Nadir 
Relations between the U.S. and Russian presidents have now reached a nadir, and Mr. Putin has ordered his own defense ministry to throw down the gauntlet. Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses UN General Assembly on Sept. 28, 2015. (UN Photo) 
On Oct. 6, ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said Russia is prepared to shoot down unidentified aircraft '” including any stealth aircraft '” over Syria, and warned ominously that Russian air defense will not have time to identify the origin of the aircraft. 
It seems possible that the U.S. air force will challenge that claim in due course '” perhaps even without seeking prior permission from the White House. Last week, National Intelligence Director and former Air Force General James Clapper commented offhandedly, 'I wouldn't put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft '¦ if they felt it was threatening their forces on the ground.' 
Injecting additional volatility into the equation, major news outlets are playing down or ignoring Russia's warnings. Thus, Americans who depend on the corporate media can be expected to be suitably shocked by what that same media will no doubt cast as naked aggression out of the blue if Russian air defenses down a U.S. or coalition aircraft. 
Meanwhile in Europe, as NATO defense ministers met in Brussels on Wednesday, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter told reporters the U.S. is contributing 'a persistent rotational armored brigade combat team' as a 'major sign of the U.S. commitment to strengthening deterrence here.' 
'This was a decision made by the alliance leaders in Warsaw,' he explained, referring to NATO's July summit meeting in the Polish capital. 'The United States will lead a battalion in Poland and deploy an entire battle-ready battalion task force of approximately 900 soldiers from the 2nd Cavalry Regiment, which is based in Germany.' 
On Thursday, at the Valdai Conference in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi, President Putin accused the West of promoting the 'myth' of a 'Russian military threat,' calling this a 'profitable business that can be used to pump new money into defense budgets '¦ expand NATO and bring its infrastructure, military units, and arms closer to our borders.' 
Myth or not, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier was correct to point out last spring that military posturing on Russia's borders will bring less regional security. Mr. Steinmeier warned against 'saber-rattling,' adding that, 'We are well advised not to create pretexts to renew an old confrontation.' 
Speaking of such pretexts, it is high time to acknowledge that the marked increase in East-West tensions over the past two-and-a-half years originally stemmed from the Western-sponsored coup d'Ã©tat in Kiev on Feb. 22, 2014, and Russia's reaction in annexing Crimea. Americans malnourished on the diet served up by 'mainstream' media are blissfully unaware that two weeks before the coup, YouTube published a recording of an intercepted conversation between U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland and the U.S. ambassador in Kiev, during which 'Yats' (for Arseniy Yatsenyuk) was identified as Washington's choice to become the new prime minister of the coup government in Kiev. 
This unique set of circumstances prompted George Friedman, president of the think-tank STRATFOR, to label the putsch in Kiev on Feb. 22, 2014, 'really the most blatant coup in history.' 
It's time for Western politicians and media to learn their lesson and pay attention to the statements coming out of Russia. Ask yourselves: Why all this hype now? 
Ray McGovern (rrmcgovern@gmail.com) was an Army officer and then a CIA analyst for 27 years, during which he was chief of the Soviet Foreign Policy Branch and later a presidential briefer during President Reagan's first term. [This article was originally published in The Baltimore Sun and is reposted here with the permission of the author.]
ARTICLE

Who Will Weed Out the Warmongers? October 30, 2016 
Exclusive: Progressive Democrats are gearing up to fight Wall Street appointees to a Hillary Clinton administration, but there is no similar campaign to weed out neocon/liberal-hawk warmongers, writes Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
If Hillary Clinton hangs on to win the presidency, liberal Democrats have vowed to block her appointment of Wall Street-friendly officials to key Cabinet and sub-Cabinet jobs. But there has been little organized resistance to her choosing hawkish foreign policy advisers. 
Indeed, Washington's foreign policy establishment has purged almost anyone who isn't part of the neoconservative/liberal-interventionist 'group think.' That's why pretty much everyone who 'matters' agrees about the need to push around Russia, China, Syria, Iran, etc. Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in New Hampshire on July 12, 2016. (Photo from cloud2013 Flickr) 
Reflecting that attitude, Sunday's lead editorial in the neocon Washington Post hailed the broad consensus within the Establishment for more warlike actions once President Obama is gone, taking with him what the Post calls Obama's 'self-defeating passivity.' 
The Post praised a new report from the liberal Center for American Progress which calls for bombing the Syrian military and getting tough to 'counter Iran's negative influence' in line with what all the neocons '” as well as Israel and Saudi Arabia '” want the next President to do. 
The absence of any significant counter to this neocon/liberal-hawk 'group think' represents one of the greatest dangers to the future of the human species, since this new hubris comes with a cavalier assumption that nuclear-armed Russia and China will simply accept humiliation dished out by the 'indispensable nation.' 
If they don't, we can expect Official Washington to ratchet up tensions in a game of nuclear chicken with the expectation that the leaders in Moscow and Beijing will bow down to U.S. 'exceptionalism' and slink away with their tails between their legs. 
Surely, that is what the armchair warriors at The Washington Post will demand and they have, of course, a spotless record of infallibility, such as their certainty that Iraq was hiding stockpiles of WMD in 2003. Editorial-page editor Fred Hiatt was so sure of that he wrote it as flat fact . 
Given the Iraq War catastrophe and the failure to find the WMD, you might have assumed that Hiatt was summarily fired and has never worked in journalism again. But, of course, you'd be wrong. He is still the editorial-page editor of The Washington Post continuing to ladle out his extraordinary wisdom and brilliant insights. 
The New McCarthyism 
And, if you dare question those new certainties or note the risks of stumbling into a nuclear conflagration, the Post's editorial pages label you a Moscow stooge repeating Russian propaganda. The Washington Post building. (Photo credit: Daniel X. O'Neil) 
That is what Post columnist Anne Applebaum wrote about Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump when he warned about the risks of World War III if a President Hillary Clinton starts shooting down Russian planes over Syria. 
Rather than acknowledge the genuine risk of getting into a shooting war with Russia, neocon Applebaum declares such concerns unacceptable and offers a whiff of McCarthyism toward anyone who thinks such a thing. 
'Why is Russian state media using such extreme language?' she asks darkly. 'And why is Trump repeating it?' 
Then, with the typical perceptiveness of a neocon ideologue, Applebaum determines that the Kremlin is warning its citizens about the growing risks of nuclear war to scare them into line amid a recession that the U.S. helped create as part of its 'regime change' strategy to destabilize Russia by making its economy scream. 
A thoughtful person might stop here and wonder if the use of economic sanctions and other means to destabilize nuclear-armed Russia is such a good idea, but no mainstream person is allowed to raise such questions inside Official Washington. That would just make you a Russian puppet, in Applebaum's view. 
Applebaum then rants on with some wild conspiracy theories about Russian plans to exploit the U.S. presidential transition: 
'Whatever the outcome on Nov. 8, political uncertainty will follow: the months of transition, a change of White House staff, perhaps even the violent backlash that Trump may incite. This could be an excellent moment for a major Russian offensive: a land grab in Ukraine, a foray into the Baltic states, a much bigger intervention in the Middle East '” anything to 'test' the new president. 
'If that's coming, Putin needs to prepare his public to fight much bigger wars and to persuade the rest of the world not to stop him. He needs to get his generals into the right mind-set, and his soldiers ready to go. A little nuclear war rhetoric never fails to focus attention, and I'm sure it has.' 
Reckless Drivel 
Perhaps the more immediate question here is why a major American newspaper runs such crazy and reckless drivel from one of its regular columnists. But the fact that the Post does so indicates how dangerous the moment is for humanity. For those of us who read the Post regularly, such insane rhetoric barely registers since we see similar nuttiness on a daily basis. A sign at a Bernie Sanders rally in Washington D.C. on June 9, 2016. (Photo credit: Chelsea Gilmour) 
But the 'group think' that the Post and other mainstream publications create and then enforce explains why there is such unity among the Establishment as it presses ahead with these dangerous policies in much the same manner that almost the same cast of insiders 'group thought' their way into the disastrous Iraq War. 
So, the wannabe insiders at the Center for American Progress and the more established pooh-bahs at the Brookings Institution and other preeminent think tanks know they have to promote 'regime change' strategies and other forms of warmongering to appease Hiatt and his fellow neocon editorialists and columnists. 
In Washington, this 'group think' has moved beyond the usual careerist and conformist 'conventional wisdom' into something more akin to totalitarianism, at least on foreign policy issues. 
That is why it is hard to even come up with a list of sensible people who could survive the onslaught of character assassinations if they were to be proposed as senior advisers to a President Hillary Clinton. 
That is also why the attention of progressives, such as Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, only on vetting domestic officials in a prospective Hillary Clinton administration is so insufficient. 
If a hawkish President Clinton surrounds herself with like-minded neocons and liberal hawks, the costs of their warmongering would surely swallow up the tax dollars necessary for domestic priorities '“ on infrastructure, education, health care, the environment and other pressing concerns. 
And, if the McCarthyistic intolerance of The Washington Post influences or infects her administration, the genuine risks of World War III will dwarf any other worries. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).
ARTICLE

The De Facto US/Al Qaeda Alliance October 29, 2016 
Exclusive: Buried deep inside Saturday's New York Times was a grudging acknowledgement that the U.S.-armed 'moderate' rebels in Syria are using their U.S. firepower to back an Al Qaeda offensive, reports Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
A curious aspect of the Syrian conflict '“ a rebellion sponsored largely by the United States and its Gulf state allies '“ is the disappearance in much of the American mainstream news media of references to the prominent role played by Al Qaeda in seeking to overthrow the secular Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad. 
There's much said in the U.S. press about ISIS, the former 'Al Qaeda in Iraq' which splintered off several years ago, but Al Qaeda's central role in commanding Syria's 'moderate' rebels in Aleppo and elsewhere is the almost unspoken reality of the Syrian war. Even in the U.S. presidential debates, the arguing between Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton has been almost exclusively about ISIS, not Al Qaeda. The World Trade Center's Twin Towers burning on 9/11. (Photo credit: National Park Service) 
Though Al Qaeda got the ball rolling on America's revenge wars in the Middle East 15 years ago by killing several thousand Americans and others in the 9/11 attacks, the terrorist group has faded into the background of U.S. attention, most likely because it messes up the preferred 'good guy/bad guy' narrative regarding the Syrian war. 
For instance, the conflict in Aleppo between Syrian government forces and rebels operating primarily under Al Qaeda's command is treated in the Western media as simply a case of the barbaric Assad and his evil Russian ally Vladimir Putin mercilessly bombing what is portrayed as the east Aleppo equivalent of Disney World, a place where innocent children and their families peacefully congregate until they are targeted for death by the Assad-Putin war-crime family. 
The photos sent out to the world by skillful rebel propagandists are almost always of wounded children being cared for by the 'White Helmet' rebel civil defense corps , which has come under growing criticism for serving as a public-relations arm of Al Qaeda and other insurgents. (There also are allegations that some of the most notable images have been staged , like a fake war scene from the 1997 dark comedy, 'Wag the Dog.') 
Rare Glimpse of Truth 
Yet, occasionally, the reality of Al Qaeda's importance in the rebellion breaks through, even in the mainstream U.S. media, although usually downplayed and deep inside the news pages, such as the A9 article in Saturday's New York Times by Hwaida Saad and Anne Barnard describing a rebel offensive in Aleppo. It acknowledges: A fake war scene in the dark 1997 comedy 'Wag the Dog,' which showed a girl and her cat fleeing a bombardment in Albania. 
'The new offensive was a strong sign that rebel groups vetted by the United States were continuing their tactical alliances with groups linked to Al Qaeda, rather than distancing themselves as Russia has demanded and the Americans have urged. '¦ The rebels argue that they cannot afford to shun any potential allies while they are under fire, including well-armed and motivated jihadists, without more robust aid from their international backers.' (You might note how the article subtly blames the rebel dependence on Al Qaeda on the lack of 'robust aid' from the Obama administration and other outside countries '“ even though such arms shipments violate international law.) 
What the article also makes clear in a hazy kind of way is that Al Qaeda's affiliate, the recently renamed Nusra Front, and its jihadist allies, such as Ahrar al-Sham, are waging the brunt of the fighting while the CIA-vetted 'moderates' are serving in mostly support roles. The Times reported: 
'The insurgents have a diverse range of objectives and backers, but they issued statements of unity on Friday. Those taking part in the offensive include the Levant Conquest Front, a militant group formerly known as the Nusra Front that grew out of Al Qaeda; another hard-line Islamist faction, Ahrar al-Sham; and other rebel factions fighting Mr. Assad that have been vetted by the United States and its allies.' 
The article cites Charles Lister, a senior fellow and Syria specialist at the Middle East Institute in Washington, and other analysts noting that 'the vast majority of the American-vetted rebel factions in Aleppo were fighting inside the city itself and conducting significant bombardments against Syrian government troops in support of the Qaeda-affiliated fighters carrying out the brunt of front-line fighting.' 
Lister noted that 11 of the 20 or so rebel groups conducting the Aleppo 'offensive have been vetted by the C.I.A. and have received arms from the agency, including anti-tank missiles. '¦ 
'In addition to arms provided by the United States, much of the rebels' weaponry comes from regional states, like Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia, Mr. Lister said, including truck-borne multiple-rocket launcher systems and Czech-made Grad rockets with extended ranges.' 
The U.S./Al Qaeda Alliance 
In other words, the U.S. government and its allies have smuggled sophisticated weapons into Syria to arm rebels who are operating in support of Al Qaeda's new military offensive against Syrian government forces in Aleppo. By any logical analysis, that makes the United States an ally of Al Qaeda. A heart-rending propaganda image designed to justify a major U.S. military operation inside Syria against the Syrian military. 
The Times article also includes a quote from Genevieve Casagrande, a Syria research analyst from the Institute for the Study of War, a neoconservative 'think tank' that has supported more aggressive U.S. military involvement in Syria and the Middle East. 
'The unfortunate truth, however, is that these U.S.-backed groups remain somewhat dependent upon the Al Qaeda linked groups for organization and firepower in these operations,' Casagrande said. 
The other unfortunate truth is that the U.S.-supplied rebels have served, either directly or indirectly, as conduits to funnel U.S. military equipment and ordnance to Al Qaeda. 
One might think that the editors of The New York Times '“ if they were operating with old-fashioned news judgment rather than with propagandistic blinders on '“ would have recast the article to highlight the tacit U.S. alliance with Al Qaeda and put that at the top of the front page. 
Still, the admissions are significant, confirming what we have reported at Consortiumnews.com for many months, including Gareth Porter's article last February saying : 'Information from a wide range of sources, including some of those the United States has been explicitly supporting, makes it clear that every armed anti-Assad organization unit in those provinces [of Idlib and Aleppo] is engaged in a military structure controlled by [Al Qaeda's] Nusra militants. All of these rebel groups fight alongside the Nusra Front and coordinate their military activities with it. '¦ 
'At least since 2014 the Obama administration has armed a number of Syrian rebel groups even though it knew the groups were coordinating closely with the Nusra Front, which was simultaneously getting arms from Turkey and Qatar.' 
Double Standards 
The Times article on page A9 also deviated from the normal propaganda themes by allowing a statement by Syrian officials and the Russians regarding their suspension of airstrikes over the past week to permit the evacuation of civilians from east Aleppo and the rebels' refusal to let people leave, even to the point of firing on the humanitarian corridors: An Israeli strike caused a huge explosion in a residential area in Gaza during the Israeli assault on Gaza in 2008-2009. (Photo credit: Al Jazeera) 
'The [Syrian] government and its [Russian] allies accused the rebels of forcing Aleppo residents to stay, and of using them as human shields.' 
The 'human shields' argument is one that is common when the United States or its allies are pummeling some city controlled by 'enemy' forces whether Israel's bombardment of Gaza or the U.S. Marines' leveling of Fallujah in Iraq or the current campaign against ISIS in the Iraqi city of Mosul. In those cases, the horrific civilian bloodshed, including the killing of children by U.S. or allied forces, is blamed on Hamas or Sunni insurgents or ISIS but never on the people dropping the bombs. 
An entirely opposite narrative is applied when U.S. adversaries, such as Syria or Russia, are trying to drive terrorists and insurgents out of an urban area. Then, there is usually no reference to 'human shields' and all the carnage is blamed on 'war crimes' by the U.S. adversaries. That propaganda imperative helps explain why Al Qaeda and its jihadist comrades have been largely whited out of the conflict in Aleppo. 
Over the past few years, U.S. regional allies, such as Israel and Saudi Arabia, also have shifted their public attitudes toward Al Qaeda, seeing it as a blunt instrument to smash the so-called 'Shiite crescent' reaching from Iran through Syria to Lebanon. For instance, in September 2013, Israel's Ambassador to the United States Michael Oren, then a close adviser to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, told the Jerusalem Post that Israel favored Syria's Sunni extremists over President Assad. 
'The greatest danger to Israel is by the strategic arc that extends from Tehran, to Damascus to Beirut. And we saw the Assad regime as the keystone in that arc,' Oren told the Jerusalem Post in an interview . 'We always wanted Bashar Assad to go, we always preferred the bad guys who weren't backed by Iran to the bad guys who were backed by Iran.' He said this was the case even if the 'bad guys' were with Al Qaeda. 
And, in June 2014, speaking as a former ambassador at an Aspen Institute conference, Oren expanded on his position, saying Israel would even prefer a victory by the brutal Islamic State over continuation of the Iranian-backed Assad in Syria. 'From Israel's perspective, if there's got to be an evil that's got to prevail, let the Sunni evil prevail,' Oren said. 
Warming to Al Qaeda 
As Israeli officials shifted toward viewing Al Qaeda and even ISIS as the lesser evils and built a behind-the-scenes alliance with Saudi Arabia and the Sunni states, American neoconservatives also began softening their tone regarding the perpetrators of the 9/11 attacks. Michael Oren, Israel's ambassador to the United States. 
Across the U.S. foreign policy establishment, pressure built for 'regime change' in Damascus even if that risked handing Syria to Sunni jihadists. That strategy hit a road bump in 2014 when ISIS began chopping off the heads of Western hostages in Syria and capturing swathes of territory in Iraq, including Mosul. 
That bloody development forced President Barack Obama to begin targeting ISIS militants in both Iraq and Syria, but the neocon-dominated Washington establishment still favored the Israeli-Saudi objective of 'regime change' in Syria regardless of how that might help Al Qaeda. 
Thus, Al Qaeda's Nusra Front and its jihadist ally, Ahrar al-Sham, faded into the background under the fiction that the anti-Assad forces were primarily noble 'moderates' trying to save the children from the bloodthirsty fiends, Assad and Putin. 
Grudgingly, The New York Times, deep inside Saturday's newspaper, acknowledged at least part of the troubling reality, that the U.S. government has, in effect, allied itself with Al Qaeda terrorists. 
[For more background on this issue, see Consortiumnews.com's ' New Group Think for War with Syria/Russia. '] 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).
ARTICLE

Police Clash with Pipeline Protesters October 29, 2016 
The confluence of the twin issues of Native American respect for the land and modern environmentalists' alarm over global warming has met in resistance to a North Dakota oil pipeline, observed Ann Wright. 
By Ann Wright 
It's like we are back to the 1800s when the U.S. Army rampaged against Native American tribes across the American West. The militarized police and the use of the National Guard this week in responding to the Standing Rock Sioux Native American challenge in North Dakota to big oil and its dangerous pipelines reminds one of Custer's Last Stand against Sitting Bull. 
In fact, the portrait of Sitting Bull is on one of the most popular t-shirts available to supporters of the 'water protectors,' as those are known who protest yet one more oil pipeline that crosses sensitive watershed areas and major rivers of the United States. A graphic used by protesters resisting the Dakota Access pipeline. 
Four days last week, I joined hundreds of Native Americans and social justice campaigners from around the United States and around the world, in challenging the Dakota Access Pipe Line (DAPL), the 1,172-mile, $3.7 billion dollar scar across the face of North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois. 
Last week, I photographed the area along Highway 6 south of Bismarck where the Energy Transfer Partnership contractors were busy digging the trench for the 'Black Snake' as the pipeline is called. 
I also counted 24 police cars returning to Bismarck at shift change around 3 p.m., a huge number of state law enforcement personnel and vehicles dedicated to protection of corporate business, instead of the rights of citizens. 
Huge machines were chewing up the earth near water sources for all of North Dakota. The pipeline was rerouted from near Bismarck so if the pipeline breaks it would not endanger the water supply of the capital city of the state. But it was relocated to where it will cross the Missouri River and will jeopardize the water supply of the Native Americans and all Americans living in southern North Dakota and downstream of the Missouri River. Security forces protecting the Dakota Access pipeline construction spray protesters with pepper spray. (Photo by Tim Yakaitis) 
On Thursday, the digging took a more confrontational turn. The huge digging equipment arrived to cut across State Highway 1806 at a spot where water protectors had set up a front-line camp several months ago, one mile north of the main encampment of over 1,000 people. As the equipment arrived, the 'water protectors' blocked the highway. 
In a dangerous incident, an armed private security guard of DAPL came onto the camp and was chased off into the water abutting the camp by water protectors. After a lengthy standoff, tribal agency police arrived and arrested the security guard. Water protectors set his security vehicle on fire. 
On Friday more than 100 local and state police and North Dakota National Guard arrested over 140 people who blocked the highway attempting to stop the destruction of the land. Police in riot gear with automatic rifles lined up across a highway, with multiple MRAPs (mine-resistant ambush protected military vehicles), a sound cannon that can immobilize persons nearby, Humvees driven by National Guardsmen, an armored police truck and a bulldozer. 
Police used mace, pepper spray, tear gas and flash-bang grenades and bean-bag rounds against Native Americans who lined up on the highway. Police reportedly shot rubber bullets at their horses and wounded one rider and his horse. 
As this police mayhem was unfolding, a small herd of buffalo stampeded across a nearby field, a strong symbolic signal to the water protectors who erupted in cheers and shouts, leaving law enforcement officials wondering what was happening. The security forces protecting the Dakota Access pipeline against protesters are heavily militarized. (Photo by Tim Yakaitis) 

The legality of the use by the State of North Dakota of its National Guard for the protests has been questioned strongly. National Guardsmen have been operating checkpoints to control entrance into the area and later were reportedly used to go house to house to talk to citizens about the protests '” clearly law enforcement functions, not responsibilities of a military organization. 
Supporters of the water protectors come from all over the United States. One grandmother arrived with cooking equipment and food, purchased with her social security check. Her granddaughter who helps her keep track of her finances, called her and said, 'Granny, you have only $9 left in your bank account.' She responded, 'Yes, and I going to use it today to buy more food to cook for these good people who are trying to save our water and our culture.' 
Ann Wright served 29 years in the US Army/Army Reserve and retired as a Colonel. She also was a U.S. diplomat for 16 years. She resigned in March 2003 in opposition to the Iraq war.
ARTICLE

Why the Truth Might Get You Fired October 29, 2016 
The tension between intelligence analysts and political policymakers has always been between honest assessments and desired results, with the latter often overwhelming the former, as in the Iraq War, writes Lawrence Davidson. 
By Lawrence Davidson 
For those who might wonder why foreign policy makers repeatedly make bad choices, some insight might be drawn from the following analysis. The action here plays out in the United States, but the lessons are probably universal. 
Back in the early spring of 2003, George W. Bush initiated the invasion of Iraq. One of his key public reasons for doing so was the claim that the country's dictator, Saddam Hussein, was on the verge of developing nuclear weapons and was hiding other weapons of mass destruction. The real reason went beyond that charge and included a long-range plan for 'regime change' in the Middle East. President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney receive an Oval Office briefing from CIA Director George Tenet. Also present is Chief of Staff Andy Card (on right). (White House photo) 
For our purposes, we will concentrate on the belief that Iraq was about to become a hostile nuclear power. Why did President Bush and his close associates accept this scenario so readily? 
The short answer is Bush wanted, indeed needed, to believe it as a rationale for invading Iraq. At first he had tried to connect Saddam Hussein to the 9/11 attacks on the U.S. Though he never gave up on that stratagem, the lack of evidence made it difficult to rally an American people, already fixated on Afghanistan, to support a war against Baghdad. 
But the nuclear weapons gambit proved more fruitful, not because there was any hard evidence for the charge, but because supposedly reliable witnesses, in the persons of exiled anti-Saddam Iraqis (many on the U.S. government's payroll ), kept telling Bush and his advisers that the nuclear story was true. 
What we had was a U.S. leadership cadre whose worldview literally demanded a mortally dangerous Iraq, and informants who, in order to precipitate the overthrow of Saddam, were willing to tell the tale of pending atomic weapons. The strong desire to believe the tale of a nuclear Iraq lowered the threshold for proof . Likewise, the repeated assertions by assumed dependable Iraqi sources underpinned a nationwide U.S. campaign generating both fear and war fever. 
So the U.S. and its allies insisted that the United Nations send in weapons inspectors to scour Iraq for evidence of a nuclear weapons program (as well as chemical and biological weapons). That the inspectors could find no convincing evidence only frustrated the Bush administration and soon forced its hand. 
On March 19, 2003, Bush launched the invasion of Iraq with the expectation was that, once in occupation of the country, U.S. inspectors would surely find evidence of those nukes (or at least stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons). They did not. Their Iraqi informants had systematically lied to them. 
Social and Behavioral Sciences to the Rescue? 
The various U.S. intelligence agencies were thoroughly shaken by this affair, and today, 13 years later, their directors and managers are still trying to sort it out '“ specifically, how to tell when they are getting 'true' intelligence and when they are being lied to. Or, as one intelligence worker has put it, we need ' help to protect us against armies of snake oil salesmen. ' To that end the CIA et al. are in the market for academic assistance. Ahmed Chalabi, head of the Iraqi National Congress, a key supplier of Iraqi defectors with bogus stories of hidden WMD. 
A 'partnership' is being forged between the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), which serves as the coordinating center for the sixteen independent U.S. intelligence agencies, and the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine . The result of this collaboration will be a ' permanent Intelligence Community Studies Board' to coordinate programs in 'social and behavioral science research [that] might strengthen national security .' 
Despite this effort, it is almost certain that the 'social and behavioral sciences' cannot give the spy agencies what they want '“ a way of detecting lies that is better than their present standard procedures of polygraph tests and interrogations. But even if they could, it might well make no difference, because the real problem is not to be found with the liars. It is to be found with the believers. 
The Believers 
It is simply not true, as the ODNI leaders seem to assert, that U.S. intelligence agency personnel cannot tell, more often than not, that they are being lied to. This is the case because there are thousands of middle-echelon intelligence workers, desk officers, and specialists who know something closely approaching the truth '“ that is, they know pretty well what is going on in places like Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Israel, Palestine and elsewhere. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper (right) talks with President Barack Obama in the Oval Office, with John Brennan and other national security aides present. (Photo credit: Office of Director of National Intelligence) 
Therefore, if someone feeds them 'snake oil,' they usually know it. However, having an accurate grasp of things is often to no avail because their superiors '“ those who got their appointments by accepting a pre-structured worldview '“ have different criterion for what is 'true' than do the analysts. 
Listen to Charles Gaukel, of the National Intelligence Council '“ yet another organization that acts as a meeting ground for the 16 intelligence agencies. Referring to the search for a way to avoid getting taken in by lies, Gaukel has declared, ' We're looking for truth. But we're particularly looking for truth that works. ' Now what might that mean? 
I can certainly tell you what it means historically. It means that for the power brokers, 'truth' must match up, fit with, their worldview '“ their political and ideological precepts. If it does not fit, it does not 'work.' So the intelligence specialists who send their usually accurate assessments up the line to the policy makers often hit a roadblock caused by 'group think,' ideological blinkers, and a 'we know better' attitude. 
On the other hand, as long as what you're selling the leadership matches up with what they want to believe, you can peddle them anything: imaginary Iraqi nukes, Israel as a Western-style democracy, Saudi Arabia as an indispensable ally, Libya as a liberated country, Bashar al-Assad as the real roadblock to peace in Syria, the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) aka Star Wars, a world that is getting colder and not warmer, American exceptionalism in all its glory '“ the list is almost endless. 
What does this sad tale tell us? If you want to spend millions of dollars on social and behavioral science research to improve the assessment and use of intelligence, forget about the liars. What you want to look for is an antidote to the narrow-mindedness of the believers '“ the policymakers who seem not to be able to rise above the ideological presumptions of their class '“ presumptions that underpin their self-confidence as they lead us all down slippery slopes. 
It has happened this way so often, and in so many places, that it is the source of Shakespeare's determination that 'what is past, is prelude.' Our elites play out our destinies as if they have no free will '“ no capacity to break with structured ways of seeing. Yet the middle-echelon specialists keep sending their relatively accurate assessments up the ladder of power. Hope springs eternal.
ARTICLE

The Passion Behind Standing Rock Protest October 29, 2016 
Police arrested more than 140 Native American and environmental protesters challenging an oil pipeline near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota, a project touching the raw nerves of water and global warming, reports Dennis J Bernstein. 
By Dennis J Bernstein 
The months-long struggle to stop the Dakota Pipeline near the territory of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota has raised passions among Native American activists and environmentalists who have clashed with police trying to sweep the protesters aside. 
To explain the intensity of the resistance, I interviewed Bill Means, co-founder of the American Indian Movement (AIM) and chairman of the International Indian Treaty Council, which has supported the North Dakota pipeline protests. 
In late August, the Treaty Council joined forces with the local tribes of The Standing Rock Sioux and appealed to the United Nations to intercede and take formal action in support of the their fight against the construction of the Dakota pipeline over sacred Indian lands. Native American activist Bill Means 
'We specifically request that the United States Government impose an immediate moratorium on all pipeline construction until the Treaty Rights and Human Rights of the Standing Rock Tribe can be ensured and their free, prior and informed consent is obtained,' stated Standing Rock Tribal Chairman Dave Archambault, and the Treaty Council, in their joint appeal to U.N. human rights officials. They requested actions by four U.N. human rights Special Rapporteurs citing 'ongoing threats and violations to the human rights of the Tribe, its members and its future generations.' 
The interview preceded this week's latest round of arrests. 
Dennis Bernstein: Bill Means, your work with the American Indian Movement as a co-founder and your knowledge of the treaties, and how many times are broken, and how they're broken by the United States government, has always been enlightening and important. I know you are monitoring Standing Rock, and have taken an active stand, as a current board member of the International Indian Treaty Council. 
Why don't you just say first what it signifies at this point, in the struggle. And then some of the things that come to mind in terms of what you've been observing about it. 
Bill Means: Well, first of all the overall struggle against global warming is really the backdrop to Standing Rock. And that's the reason why I think so many people around the world, and the tribes all over America, are beginning to find affinity and support and solidarity with the people at Standing Rock, because it represents this world-wide struggle for sacred Mother Earth. So having that backdrop we've got various types of good news, and some sad news. 
Of course, the very good and healthy news is we had the first baby born on the base of the Missouri River, at the Sacred Stone Camp at Standing Rock, which was beautiful. Born with the midwives there, and all the attention and support of the community. The women came forward and brought this new life here into this world at Standing Rock. So we hope that this young child will have a Mother Earth that she can be proud of, that she can grow up in that's clean, and has clean water, and so that represents the future. 
Also developing was the fact that our good friend and colleague, Miss Amy Goodman, had her case thrown out '¦ by a federal judge in Bismarck, North Dakota. Where he said that she's a journalist, doing her job, and she shouldn't have been charged with these type [of] charges in the first place, and completely threw the charges out. So that's a good development, as well as several other people she was arrested with. So I think that's a beginning to turn the table on the illegal use and manipulation of the law to prevent legal, shall we say, dissent, to prevent people that are protesting legally and peacefully from their acts of courage. So that was good news, on that front. 
And then, of course, we have the ongoing problem that people have recorded '¦, massive trucks, semis carrying pipe. And so they are anxiously and quickly trying to get as much pipe laid towards the Missouri River as humanly possible, before there's any type of interruptions of specific places they can't go, which we know right now is being held up from crossing under the Missouri River. And we're hoping that this extends itself out to other areas. The #NoDAPL water Protectors took non-violent direct action by locking themselves to construction equipment. This is 'Happy' American Horse from the Sicangu Nation, hailing from Rosebud. August 31, 2016 (Desiree Kane, Wikipedia) 
And so right now the company, the DAPL, Dakota Access Pipeline people are, where they can, they're still building as fast as they can without any regard to the restraining orders or any regard to the federal authorities that asked them to quit and to cease and desist from building until the tribe, and other proper authorities have been, shall we say, counseled with, have been involved in some type of negotiation on [these] whole various issues of treaty rights, water rights, environmental issues. And so there's plenty of law that needs to be settled but yet the Dakota Access pipeline continues to be built. 
So we have in the face of these positive developments, we have yet to see the company cease and desist in the other areas. 
DB: Bill, let me ask you to '¦ step into that role for a moment and talk about the stand that the council has taken and the significance in history in terms of this stand, and this place, that we're talking about in North Dakota. 
BM: Well, first of all to give you a larger picture, the Missouri River, as you know, covers about four states, and bisects the state of South Dakota from north to south, I should say north-west to south-west. Also, including North Dakota, and Montana, and Iowa, and a little bit of Nebraska. So, having said that, you get that picture in your mind, they built at least four dams on the Missouri River that are directly built on Indian treaty land. 
See, in our treaty of 1868 and 1851, those two treaties significantly for time immemorial set the borders of the Great Sioux Nation on the east bank of the Missouri River. And the 1851 treaty was even past east of the Missouri River. So you see those treaties being violated from the beginning of building all these dams. Because the dams are built on federal reservations and flood, primarily, federal Indian land. 
So there's many communities, including Standing Rock, which was flooded by the Oahe Dam, built in Pierre, South Dakota, in that region, which flooded not only Standing Rock but Cheyenne River Reservation. And then you have Yankton Reservation flooded twice, once by the Gavins Point Dam, and another time by the Fort Randall Dam. ['¦] There's a famous act known as the Pick-Sloan Act of federal government that was passed back in the '40's that allows these dams to be built. 
And so we have a situation where [there is] the continued violation of treaty rights and water rights. The water, by treaty, belongs to Indian people. Now, Indian people have the philosophy that the water belongs to everyone. But we have to maintain these treaty rights and these water rights. And there's a famous case in the water rights that says, 'All the water necessary for the survival of Indian people should be granted in any kind of negotiation, should be under the jurisdiction of the Indian tribes.' And that was a famous case up on the Milk River in Montana. And so it's called the Winters Doctrine of Federal Indian Water Law. So that's kind of a doctrine that's been there for many, many years. 
Now, in spite of that, the government began to develop these dams on the Missouri River, and ['¦] the Missouri River was never litigated, that is, the water was never divided up like it is, say, on the Colorado River over further west. And so, since their water rights have never been litigated, the water has not been quantified like who owns what drop of water, who owns this bank, who owns that bank, has not been decided. 
And so, in our mind, in the federal law's mind, we still have authority over the Missouri River, not only by treaty but by federal Indian water rights. So that's the idea and the legal fight for Indian people. And that's how Standing Rock got involved because of all these dams being built on the Missouri. 
And there's also the issue not only of the environmental issues, in which the federal government is required by law to do what they call environmental impacts statements, environmental impact study, which is supposed to give warning. [But] they're supposed to give the impact of these massive development projects on the people. Not only Indian people, but non-Indian people. 
So a lot of these rules and regulations are either being trampled on by the corporate entities or ignored by the federal government, or given some kind of a lip service to state government, or what they call the Public Utilities Commission. So this is kind of the backdrop, where we have state and federal authorities negligent throughout this process, historically, and even today, in protecting the rights of not only American Indians, but American citizens. So this is why we fight. Activists carry the American Indian Movement flag at a protest against the Dakota Access Pipeline. (Flickr John Duffy) 
DB: We saw their struggle at Wounded Knee, many of their struggles, but a big one at Wounded Knee. Bill also is on the Board of the International Treaty Council, and they're working with the local tribes in this struggle. And, Bill, can I ask you to just talk a little bit about the stand that the Treaty Council has taken and how you've been working with the local tribes legally, if you will? 
BM: Ah, yeah, we've been working in two areas. [First] helping them to organize through the National Lawyers Guild'“ legal defense for those water protectors that are being charged with various crimes as they do their legal, and peaceful, protests to the pipeline. So that's one area that's very important. And we want to give kudos and strength to the National Lawyers Guild for lending that support, and other lawyers both that work for the tribe and others. 
Another area that's significant is that the International Indian Treaty Council along with the Standing Rock Sioux tribe filed [a] human rights complaint with the Human Rights Council in Geneva, Switzerland, as part of the United Nations under the Human Rights Laws and Protocol that the United States has agreed to as being part of the United Nations. 
Here we've presented the evidence of which I've talked about'“federal/state regulations, treaty rights, water rights that are facts in law'“and presented those human rights as human rights violations in the struggle of Indian people to maintain clean water, and access to clean water, and drinking water. So we presented to specific, what they call, repertoires. These are people that study the issues, internationally in the Human Rights Commission. And those special repertoires, or the issues they're studying, of course, is the special repertoire on water, the special repertoire on indigenous peoples, the special repertoire of sacred places. 
As you know, in Syria and in other wars around the world, these armies, these militants, these people have destroyed many, many graves, artifacts, in an attempt to promote their way of life. And so this has become an international issue. ['¦] The DAPL pipeline in particular has destroyed graves already. And so all these issues, whether it's water, whether it's the rights of Indigenous people, are now being studied by the United Nations. And the United States has to answer these questions as party to these human rights treaties that they signed. 
So, we have pressure being exerted internationally by the United Nation's human rights system. While all these other issues are going on both locally, in the courts from the water resisters, as well as the water protectors, as well as the tribe itself in federal court. So we have a court case going against various federal agencies, and now some negotiations are taking place with the Department of the Army which handles Corps of Engineers, which governs the river ways and waterways of America. Also, we have involved the Department of Interior and the Department of Justice. So we can tell from those various words that they have significant interests in these issues. 
The Bureau of Indian Affairs is totally within the Department of Interior. And, of course, the Department of Justice is supposed to be protecting us, the Indian people, the American people from these corporate carpetbaggers, and these corporate interests that continue to ignore the laws of the United States and treaty laws. 
So, here we have three agencies now involved in trying to carry out negotiations and what they call 'consultations' with the tribes and the local communities of non-Indians who are also protesting. 
DB: There's a couple things in terms of the terminology I want you to expand on, but first of all, in terms of the graves'¦ you say that sacred grave sites, burial sites have already been destroyed. Who would have been in those graves? 
BM: Well, these ancient sites, some of our ancestors were buried along the river, as you know, we have a saying in our language which goes 'water is life.' So in respect for the life, many times historically our people were buried overlooking the river, overlooking the water. And that attachment goes back centuries, in our culture the role of water [is] as the first medicine to our people. And the role that water plays in humanity, and its need for purity. Its need to allow our people to grow, to live. 
And so, this is one of the areas that historically our people were buried and then, as this pipeline goes, there's even a federal act for that called American Indian Graves and Historical Preservation Act. And in that federal law, federal entities and companies are supposed to consult and they're supposed to work with Indian tribes when they come across these ancient burial grounds. Activists protest the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. (Flickr John Duffy) 
And so, these go back for many centuries, some of these burial grounds, as well as fairly modern day areas. So rather than consult, they generally just go through and destroy them. Or when they do consult, their way of consulting is they call the local state university, have the anthros come out, dig up the bones that are left and haul them off to the university, in total disrespect for our culture, for humanity, for our way of life. 
And so, this is a problem that has [been] seen time and again with these pipelines, these development projects, in and around the Missouri River, especially because water being life, there's a lot of, shall we say, generations that have grown up around that river, and continue to live in those areas. So that's why it's important. It would be akin, I guess, like if we went in and started digging up maybe some famous cemetery. You know, what if we went to say the National Military Cemetery, in Washington, D.C. and started digging them up. 
DB: '¦over there at Arlington, where they have the ceremonies every year. 
BM: Yeah, if we went there and started digging them up, or maybe to the Cathedral of Saint John, in New York. And where they have their burial ground, outside there in New York, we go there and start digging up and say we want to look for the size of the heads, or we want to study the white man, in these Indian universities and Indian colleges. People would be outraged. But, yet, when it's Indian people calling for justice for destroying our culture, and our historical artifacts, and our graves, somehow we get ignored. Somehow we get a dual standard of justice when it comes to Indian people. 
And so, we have to make this resistance in order to send a message to America that, 'We're still here as Indigenous people.' Not only here in America but wherever the minerals, wherever the clean water still exists, that's where Indigenous people are today, all over the world. 
DB: And, to put this in the political context, obviously there's a presidential election going on. Have any of these candidates expressed any sympathy for the Indigenous community for this case against destroying sacred burial grounds and digging up graves, so that universities can study the bones? Has anybody stepped forward? Have you been impressed by any of the politicians? 
BM: Ah, no not at all. As a matter of fact, Donald Trump said there's a war on coal, and that he's going to stop that war. Now, coal is probably the most devastating form of energy production that we have in America, or in the world. So that gives you an idea about his concern about Mother Earth. Hillary, on the other hand, has only paid lip service to Indian issues. We haven't heard her come out on the DAPL pipeline, or any other pipeline. She did say that she changed her position on the XL pipeline, which President Obama stopped, along with some white ranchers in Nebraska, and Indian people that worked together'“what they called the CIA, Cowboy and Indian Alliance, which is getting stronger by the day, where white people and Indian people have come together'“to protect their land. 
And so, the candidates, they haven't even voiced a public statement, for sure. And it only comes out when asked maybe in a local rally or something, then they give basically lip service, and talk about window dressing on the issue. 
DB: Before we let you go, and this is something I've really been wanting to speak with you about. I think one of the most powerful parts of this movement is that the Indigenous community is really taking the lead. They've really come together and opened the door in a way that white people and all people can sort of come in and be a part of it. But the fact is, that'¦ and the power is, we now refer to the protestors as water protectors, or water resistors, this is through the Indigenous communities vision of life which is really a vision in the context of global warming, it's the only vision that can save us. People gather in Seattle to protest the Dakota Access Pipeline, September 2016. (Flickr John Duffy) 
BM: Exactly right. I think that what Indigenous people have to offer the world is the fact that we have to build our policies and our governments around the future of Mother Earth. And so whether you're left or right, we all have to live on the Earth. Whether you're left or right, you have to drink water, water that is pure. 
And, so these basic issues of human life are what Indigenous people have been calling for respect, all these years. It's only when we protest that it brings this issue into the forefront of the rest of the world, where they decide hey, maybe this global warming does have an impact on Indigenous people, because it's impacting us. Whether that's in Europe, whether that's in the United States, Latin America. The pollution has gotten so bad that it's beginning to affect our daily lives. And so, until you respect Earth itself, and the power of Mother Earth, then you will never respect the future of our future generations, and those who come after us. 
The Indian philosophy of life is that we have to look seven generations ahead when we make these decisions about development, about exploitation of natural resources, about all these extractive industries. What harm does that do to our Mother, the Earth? And what is the impact on the future generations? So that's the philosophy that's beginning to come out in terms of political variations in government policy around the world, is that we really have to, no matter what form of government you have, you have to be able if you look at Mother Earth as the leading policy, as the primary very function of government '“ just protect the Earth, not corporations. And so, until we can do that then I think we're in a losing battle. 
And we hope that these types of struggles, which we have no intention of changing because it's going on all where Indigenous people are around the world, which is now 400 million Indigenous people who still speak their language, still have their traditional government, still have their culture and language. These are the people who are protecting the Earth. And we hope to enlarge that Earth protective family, to include each and every American, each and every citizen living on Mother Earth. Native American activist Leonard Peltier's FBI headshot (Wikipedia) 
DB: Bill, it's almost a tradition with us in terms of remembering Leonard Peltier. Now, last we spoke you gave President Obama an F for keeping his promises in terms of really making a difference in the Indigenous communities of North America. Do you think, and what would you say, do you think he could raise his grade from and F to a D or a C, if he decided to take a courageous action and finally, finally free Leonard Peltier? 
BM: Yes, I think he really could because Leonard Peltier represents the treatment the United States government has given to Indian people throughout the history of this great country. And so until we can deal with the basic issues of human rights and justice, then I think Indian people will always be on the bottom rung of the ladder of social justice. And so I think it's up to President Obama, before he leaves to try to take this one act of clemency, in which everyone will be able to sit down at the table and say, 'Leonard Peltier is finally free. He's going home. He's going to see his children, for the first time in 41 years.' And we hope and we pray that that happens before the president goes out of office. 
Dennis J Bernstein is a host of 'Flashpoints' on the Pacifica radio network and the author of Special Ed: Voices from a Hidden Classroom . You can access the audio archives at www.flashpoints.net .
ARTICLE

Only Making Matters Worse in Syria October 28, 2016 
Exclusive: Washington's foreign policy establishment is determined to escalate U.S. military attacks in Syria even though that won't resolve the conflict and will only get more people killed, a dilemma addressed by Daniel Lazare. 
By Daniel Lazare 
Middle East policy has reached an inflexion point, a moment when Official Washington seems to be caught in the middle between escalation and retreat. 
On one hand, the rhetoric has not been more militant since Hillary Clinton's famous 'we came, we saw, he died' moment in October 2011. With Barack Obama halfway out the door and Clinton all but crowned, Washington's laptop bombardiers are rejoicing that the half-measures are over and judgment day nearly at hand. Samantha Power, Permanent Representative of the United States to the UN, addresses the Security Council meeting on Syria, Sept. 25, 2016. Power has been an advocate for escalating U.S. military involvement in Syria. (UN Photo) 
Thus, The New York Times assures us that that the Middle East is 'desperate for American leadership' while the Washington Post reports that 'the Republicans and Democrats who make up the foreign policy elite are laying the ground work for a more assertive American foreign policy.' 
Leading think tanks are publishing 'a flurry of reports' urging stepped-up intervention, including U.S.-backed 'safe zones to protect moderate rebels from Syrian and Russian forces' and even 'limited' cruise-missile strikes. But while differing on the details, all agree something must be done. The time to act is now. 
As Vox puts it: 'The hot new policy idea in Washington is the hottest old idea: direct US military intervention in Syria's civil war.' 
But reading between the lines, a very different picture emerges, a realization that the U.S. has painted itself into a corner and that there is little it can do after all. Thus, the Times observes that while the Middle East is clamoring for U.S. leadership, it is not clamoring for Bush-style intervention but for some mythical 'middle ground' in between him and Obama. 
While reporting that pro-escalation sentiment is unanimous in Washington's vast foreign-policy establishment '“ sometimes known as ' the blob ' '“ the Washington Post notes that 'even pinprick cruise-missile strikes designed to hobble the Syrian air force or punish [President Bashar al-]Assad would risk a direct confrontation with Russian forces' and wonders whether a war-weary public will support any intervention at all. 
'My concern is that we may be talking to each other and agreeing with each other,' it quotes one expert as saying, 'but that these discussions are isolated from where the public may be right now.' 
Official Washington in a Bubble 
Thus, even the Establishment worries that it lives in a bubble. Washington wants war, it needs war, and yet it admits in practically the same breath that it can't have it. So what will it do? A heart-rending propaganda image designed to justify a major U.S. military operation inside Syria against the Syrian military. 
Then there are the mild liberals over at Vox, the hip and successful Washington website founded by journalistic wunderkind Ezra Klein. Voxers pride themselves on being sharp and practical yet in the end they are sealed off as well. The poster boy for this tendency is Zack Beauchamp, a young writer who stars in a recent Vox video entitled, ' The crisis in Aleppo, explained in 4 minutes .' 
As Beauchamp lectures away amid fancy graphics and cool background music, the video faithfully toes the Washington line, both the stirring gung-ho part and the downbeat refrain that inevitably follows. Thus, he describes the Syrian civil war as a 'story of flip-flops,' with Assad seemingly on the ropes until Iran and Russia put him back on his feet, at which point the Saudis and Qataris put the rebels back on their feet so the game can continue. 
But the real turning point, he says, occurred in September 2015 when Russia stepped in with airstrikes that allowed the government to besiege the Salafists in eastern Aleppo. 
'A siege,' Beauchamp then explains, 'involves trapping a group of people, civilians and fighters both, inside a certain territory and denying them supplies until they can no longer fight. Assad's strategy has a vicious logic to it. When you deprive people of food and you bomb them over and over again, they're likely to give in just to make the fighting stop.' 
The upshot, he says, is 'a humanitarian crisis '¦ roughly 250,000 people trapped in the city '¦ running dangerously low on supplies, access to clean water and medicine.' So what should the U.S. do in response? The video's tone at this point turns pessimistic and then pitch black: 
'The United States has the military power to break the siege of Aleppo,' Beauchamp says, 'but doing so would be extremely dangerous. For one thing, it would need to coordinate with rebels on the ground, some of whom are extremists. For another, it means that the US would be operating in hostile air space with Russian planes.If the US were to engage with Russian planes, that could theoretically mean direct fire between two nuclear-armed superpowers, a risk that very few people in the United States are willing to take. And three, even if the US did temporarily break the siege, it would have to maintain a commitment to insure that things didn't get worse. That could mean an open-ended war. And there's no guarantee that this would make anything better, but, rather, it might just get more people killed over the long run.' 
So U.S. options are zero: 'Every diplomatic solution tried so far has failed, and failed miserably, and there's simply no economic tool that can be used to end the fighting or ease the suffering of the people inside besieged territories. There's no good answer. There's nothing that anyone has that could simply solve the crisis. It's a disaster and a disaster without any end in sight.' 
Falsehoods and Obfuscations 
Beauchamp's explanation '“ which is really not an explanation at all, merely an assertion '“ is studded with falsehoods and obfuscations. By describing Assad's strategy as uniquely 'vicious,' he ignores obvious parallels between the Russian air campaign in Aleppo and U.S. air assaults on Fallujah , Tikrit , and Ramadi , all in central Iraq and all largely destroyed in the course of 'liberating' them from ISIS. U.S.-backed Syrian 'moderate' rebels smile as they prepare to behead a 12-year-old boy (left), whose severed head is held aloft triumphantly in a later part of the video. [Screenshot from the YouTube video] By referring to the events in Syria as a civil war, he fails to acknowledge the degree to which it is actually a foreign invasion by the U.S., Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and other Persian Gulf states. By repeatedly referring to the Salafists as 'rebels' '“ which suggests that they are Syrians rising up from within '“ he ignores the fact that large numbers '“ 36,500, according to Director of National Intelligence James Clapper '“ are foreign-born.
While asserting that 250,000 people are trapped inside east Aleppo, he ignores reports that the real figure is far lower. The Guardian 's Martin Chulov, for example, estimated in March 2015 that only 40,000 people remained in rebel-held areas while Vice News reported last July that 'most of Aleppo's residents have fled the city. There are just a handful of civilians and rebel fighters holding on in the shattered ruins.' 
Beauchamp also implies that it is the government that has 'trapped' people in east Aleppo when reports in the London Independent and elsewhere indicate that Salafists are firing on anyone trying to take the government up on its offer of safe passage. While acknowledging that 'some' fighters are 'extremists,' he ignores the fact that the U.S. military has admitted that Al Nusra, the local branch of Al Qaeda, is firmly in charge. 
When Salafists launched a short-lived offensive in east Aleppo last summer, for instance, The New York Times reported that they named it in honor of Ibrahim al-Yousef, a Muslim Brotherhood member who led a horrendous massacre of Alawite military cadets in 1979. It was indicative of how anti-Alawite sectarianism of the most bloodthirsty sort is the common denominator underlying all anti-government factions. 
One could go on, but the point is clear. The foreign-policy establishment has not only cut itself off from the public but, with the help of sympathetic media outlets like Vox, has cut itself off from its own intellectual history. Incapable of examining the U.S. role in the Syrian debacle in an honest and straightforward way, it can only blunder about in the dark, staggering backward or forward as circumstances dictate. Now seems to be the moment when it is poised between the two. 
So how will the United States respond now that Washington is preparing for a transition between Obama-style abstention and Hillary-style neo-conservatism? Here's is one reporter's modest attempt at reading the tea leaves: 
Washington will continue to fume as the catastrophe deepens in both Syria and Iraq. As the drive to push ISIS (also known as ISIL, Islamic State, and Daesh) out of Mosul in northern Iraq degenerates into ethno-sectarian warfare among Turks, Sunni Arabs, Shi'˜ites, and Kurds, the drive to take back Raqqa, ISIS's capital in north-central Syria will similarly falter as fighting breaks out between pro-Turkish forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units, or YPG. 
The fall of east Aleppo, which now seems to be a foregone conclusion, will drive the foreign-policy establishment to a fury. Obama may be able to hold the hawks off. But by the time he leaves office, 'the blob' will be in an uproar and demanding that something be done. Map of Syria. 
With that, Zack Beauchamp will star in another Vox video entitled, 'U.S. military intervention in Syria, explained in 4 minutes.' In it, he'll tell how Russian atrocities in Aleppo, plus backhanded Syrian government support for ISIS, leave the U.S. no choice but to launch a swarm of cruise missiles at Syrian military facilities. 
When Russian soldiers are killed, he'll try to shift blame to Vladimir Putin for stirring up trouble in the eastern Ukraine or the Baltics. He'll note that dissent is limited to a few cranky websites and far-left groups, all of which can be safely ignored since they're not part of the mainstream. Russia will then counter-attack, leading to '¦ no one knows. 
While anything can go wrong with this scenario, one thing is clear. The mood in Official Washington is the opposite of 2003 when all the 'experts' agreed that an invasion of Iraq would be a walk in the park. Now they're filled with trepidation. But they're still trying to talk themselves into an escalation and may succeed. If the election goes as expected, the Clinton II presidency will be an interesting one. 
Daniel Lazare is the author of several books including The Frozen Republic: How the Constitution Is Paralyzing Democracy (Harcourt Brace).
ARTICLE

Justifying the Saudi Slaughter in Yemen October 31, 2016 
Exclusive: Official Washington insists Iran is the main Mideast troublemaker when clearly that isn't true, but the 'group think' explains why a few intercepted arms shipments to Somalia where linked to Iran and Yemen, reports Gareth Porter. 
By Gareth Porter 
The Obama administration has carried out a deliberately deceptive campaign accusing Iran of covertly sending arms to the Houthis by sea, a claim that Washington cites to help justify the Saudi massive air attack against the Houthis that began last year. 
By repeating the accusation over and over, the administration has been largely successful in turning a dubious allegation into accepted fact, even though it is contradicted by evidence that is well-documented on the public record. Saudi King Salman bids farewell to President Barack Obama at Erga Palace after a state visit to Saudi Arabia on Jan. 27, 2015. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
Secretary of State John Kerry introduced the new variant of the Obama administration's familiar theme about Iran's 'nefarious activities' in the region two weeks after Saudi Arabia began its bombing in Yemen on March 26, 2015. Kerry told the PBS NewsHour, 'There are obviously supplies that have been coming from Iran,' citing 'a number of flights every single week that have been flying in.' Kerry vowed that the United States was 'not going to stand by while the region is destabilized.' 
Later, the administration began accusing Iran of using fishing boats to smuggle arms to the Houthis. The campaign unfolded in a series of four interceptions of small fishing boats or dhows in or near the Arabian Sea from September 2015 through March 2016. The four interceptions had two things in common: the boats did have illicit weapons alright, but the crews always said the ship was bound for Somalia '“ not Yemen and the Houthis. 
But instead of acknowledging the obvious fact that the weapons were not related to the Iran-Houthi relationship, a U.S. military spokesman put out a statement in all four cases citing a U.S. 'assessment' that the ultimate destination of the arms was Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen. 
The choice of wording was significant. The intelligence community says that it 'assesses' that something is true only when it does not have clear-cut proof on the matter. In the case of the alleged Iranian use of fishing dhows to smuggle arms to the Houthis, the U.S. spokesmen did not cite a single piece of evidence for that 'assessment' in any of the four cases. In fact, when asked for some justification for it, the military spokesman refused. 
The first fishing dhow was intercepted in the Arabian Sea on Sept. 25, 2015, by a member of a 31-nation coalition called the Combined Maritime Forces patrolling the Arabian Sea and nearby waters for piracy. The coalition ship found the dhow to be carrying 18 Konkurs anti-tank missiles, 71 other anti-tank shells and 54 missile-launchers. 
Blaming Iran 
The U.S. Navy's Fifth Fleet later issued a statement that said, 'Based on statements from the dhow's crew the port of origin of the dhow and its illicit weapons cache is believed to be Iran.' It also said the anti-tank missiles were thought to be of Iranian and Russian origin, and that the papers on the ship had indicated that it had been checked by ports and customs officials in Iran's Sistan and Baluchistan province. Hassan Rouhani, President of the Islamic Republic of Iran, addresses the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 22, 2016 (UN Photo) 
But the crew of the vessel had said that it was bound not for Yemen but for Somalia, as the spokesman for the U.S. Fifth Fleet acknowledged to The Associated Press . A Saudi military spokesman suggested that Iran intended to reroute the arms later from Somalia to Yemen, but offered no evidence. 
On Feb. 27, 2016, an Australian ship intercepted a second fishing dhow off the coast of Oman. The Australians found 1,989 AK-47 assault rifles, 100 rocket-propelled grenades and 40 PKM machine guns on board. The Australian Defense Force issued an official statement on the seizure that did not mention Iranian involvement. It said the boat appeared to be 'stateless' and that its cache of weapons was 'destined for Somalia.' The Australian Defense Force spokesman explained to CNN that the conclusion was based on interviews with crew members. 
But a spokesman for U.S. Naval Forces, Central Command, Lt. Ian McConnaughey gave an entirely different political slant to the interception. In an e-mail to NBC News, McConnaughey said. 'Based on the dhow's course, Iran is believed to be its port of origin and the source of the illicit weapon,' he said. McConnaughey said the crew was 'assessed' to be Iranian '“ implying that the crew itself had not indicated that. 
McConnaughey acknowledged to NBC and The Telegraph, 'According to coalition forces it is believed that the vessel's destination was in the vicinity of Somalia.' But the CENTCOM spokesman indicated that it didn't matter; the U.S. was insisting on its narrative about covert Iranian arms to the Houthis. 
'[T]he initial U.S. assessment is the weapons' final destination was likely to be the Houthis in Yemen,' McConnaaughey told NBC and The Telegraph. 
When this writer asked McConnaughey by e-mail why the U.S. 'assessed' that the weapons were intended for Yemen, despite the evidence to the contrary, he responded, 'We are not going to discuss the intelligence and other information that led us to our assessment.' 
A Third Shipment 
On March 20, a French navy destroyer intercepted a third fishing dhow off the Island of Socotra in the northern Indian Ocean and found several hundred AK-47 assault rifles, machine guns and antitank weapons. The official statement on the seizure from the Combined Maritime Forces stated categorically, 'The dhow was spotted heading toward Somalia.' 
And because the weapons were 'deemed to be destined for Somalia,' it explained, they 'were seized under the United Nations Security Council mandated arms embargo in accordance with UNSCR 2244(2015).' That Security Council resolution mandates an embargo on Eritrea. 
Australia and other states participating in the Combined Maritime Forces were thus challenging the U.S. propaganda line. But again the U.S. military used the news media to reinforce the line about Iran smuggling arms to the Houthis. Commander Kevin Stephens, a spokesman for the Fifth Fleet, told CNN that 'according to a U.S. assessment,' Yemen was the 'likely destination' of the arms. 
A fourth interception '“ the third in three weeks '“ occurred on March 28 by a U.S. Navy ship that was not operating as part of Combined Maritime Forces but directly under U.S. Naval Forces Central Command. That allowed the Naval Forces Central Command to issue its own news story on April 4. 
In its lead paragraph, the report said the United States 'assessed' that the shipment of illicit arms on board the dhow 'originated in Iran and was likely bound for Houthi insurgents in Yemen.' 
An Earlier Ruse 
The Obama administration also had sought to promote the charge that Iranian was covertly sending weapons to the Houthis by sea more than two years earlier. In January 2013, the Yemen client government backed by the United States and Saudi Arabia had claimed that its forces had intercepted a ship with a large cargo of weaponry that came from Iran and was on its way to Yemen to deliver them to the Houthis. A scene from PBS Frontline's 'Yemen Under Siege.' 
The Obama administration supported that charge in briefings to journalists. After the Saudi air war against Yemen began in 2015, the U.S. pushed for a report by an experts group on sanctions against Iran that would give the charge credibility. 
But the 2013 claim was soon exposed as a ruse. A Security Council Monitoring Group on Somalia and Eritrea revealed in a June 2013 report that the crewmembers had told diplomats who interviewed them that ship's cargo of diesel fuel was bound for Somalia, not Yemen. And, since the weapons were hidden under the diesel fuel tanks, the weapons could be accessed only after those tanks had been emptied, in other words after the ship docked in Somalia. 
The monitoring group learned from authorities in the Puntland region of Somalia, where most of the smuggled weapons have entered the country, that this was a widely used method of smuggling arms into the country. 
Furthermore, the monitoring group determined that the wide range of types of weapons on board the ship, which was intercepted in January 2013, as well as of their original sources indicated that the weapons cache had been assembled by arms merchants. Authorities in Puntland provided data to the monitoring group showing that most of the shipments of weapons into Puntland in the months before January 2013 had come from politically well-connected arms merchants in Yemen. 
Some of the fishing boats that were intercepted with illicit arms on board in 2015-16 had Iranian owners. But the monitoring group report reveals that the real reason is the role of such Iranian fishing vessels in illegal fishing in Somali waters. The vast majority of the hundreds of fishing vessels involved in such illegal fishing networks were either Iranian or Yemeni. As many as 300 were believed to be Yemeni-owned, while Iranian-owned 180 of them. 
The monitoring group said it was investigating unconfirmed reports that some of those illegal fishing vessels were also being used to carry out arms smuggling and that it had established 'other connections between the illegal fishing networks and networks involved in the arms trade and connected to al-Shabaab in northeastern Somalia.' 
But the Obama administration has no interest in the considerable evidence gathered by the monitoring group that provides a more credible explanation for the arms found on those four fishing dhows. 
Such an explanation isn't political useful, whereas the accusations of Iranian smuggling of arms to the Houthis fulfilled multiple political and bureaucratic interests, justifying Saudi Arabia's bloody U.S.-backed air campaign over Yemen and endless Washington alarms about 'Iranian aggression.' 
Gareth Porter is an independent investigative journalist and winner of the 2012 Gellhorn Prize for journalism. He is the author of the newly published Manufactured Crisis: The Untold Story of the Iran Nuclear Scare .
ARTICLE

Taking a Page from Joe McCarthy November 1, 2016 
Exclusive: Hillary Clinton and her supporters have turned to ugly McCarthyism in attacking Donald Trump to divert attention from their email scandals, a dangerous use of Russia-bashing, says Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
One trick of the original McCarthyism from the Old Cold War was to take some innocuous or accurate comment from a leader in Moscow '” saying something like 'poverty is a cruel side of capitalism' or 'racism persists in the U.S.''” and to claim that some American reformer who says much the same thing must be a Kremlin tool. 
Now, in the New Cold War, we are seeing a similar trend in the way some Democrats and the mainstream U.S. media are citing accurate assessments from Russian President Vladimir Putin and claiming that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is somehow in league with Putin for observing the same realities. Russian President Vladimir Putin, following his address to the UN General Assembly on Sept. 28, 2015. (UN Photo) 
A case in point is Tuesday's editorial in The Washington Post, entitled 'The Putin-Trump worldview' (in print) and 'Trump and Putin share a frightening worldview' (online). The editorial quotes Putin as 'observing that Mr. Trump 'represents the interests of the sizable part of American society that is tired of the elites that have been in power for decades now '¦ and does not like to see power handed down by inheritance.'' 
The Post's editorial writers then snidely note that 'Mr. Putin and Mr. Trump have an uncanny way of echoing each other's words.' 
But that is a classic example of McCarthyistic sophistry. Just because some demonized figure like Putin says something that is undeniably true and an American sees the same facts doesn't make that American a 'Putin puppet' or a 'Moscow stooge' or any of the other ugly names now being hurled at people who won't join in today's trendy Russia bashing and guilt by association. 
Putin is not wrong that many of Trump's supporters '“ along with many Americans who backed Sen. Bernie Sanders '“ are 'tired of the elites' that have behaved arrogantly and stupidly for decades. Many Americans also don't believe that a family's name should decide who becomes the leader of the United States, whether that be the Bushes or the Clintons. 
Indeed, what Putin is saying amounts to almost a truism, yet here is The Washington Post not only suggesting that because Putin is saying something that it must be false but then smearing Trump (or anyone else) who detects the same reality. 
Double Standards 
The same Post editorial also goes to great lengths to reject any comparisons between the Russian and Syrian government airstrikes on the Syrian neighborhoods of east Aleppo '” to root out Al Qaeda-connected jihadists and their supposedly 'moderate' rebel allies '” and U.S. and Iraqi government airstrikes on the Iraqi city of Mosul under the control of Al Qaeda's spinoff group, the Islamic State. U.S.-backed Syrian 'moderate' rebels smile as they prepare to behead a 12-year-old boy (left), whose severed head is held aloft triumphantly in a later part of the video. [Screenshot from the YouTube video] Insisting that the two similar operations are nothing alike, the Post's editors white-out the central role of Al Qaeda in commanding the rebel forces in east Aleppo. While ignoring Al Qaeda's dominance of those neighborhoods and its terror rocket attacks on civilian areas of west Aleppo, the Post only says, 'the rebel forces in Aleppo include Western-backed secular groups who seek only to overturn the blood-drenched Assad regime.'
Note the Post's characterization that rebel forces 'include Western-backed secular groups' rather than an honest admission that those supposedly 'secular groups' have served mostly as cut-outs in diverting sophisticated U.S. military weapons, such as TOW missiles, to the jihadist cause, a reality recognized by U.S. military advisers on the ground. [See Consortiumnews.com's ' How the US Armed-up Syrian Jihadists. '] 
Many of these supposedly 'secular groups' have openly allied themselves with Al Qaeda's recently rebranded Nusra Front (now called the Syria Conquest Front). This so-called 'marbling' of the 'moderates' in with the jihadists was one of the sticking points in the failed limited cease-fire in which the Post's beloved 'secular groups' rebuffed Secretary of State John Kerry's plea that they separate themselves from Al Qaeda. 
An intellectually honest newspaper would have at least admitted some of these inconvenient truths, but that is not the modern-day Washington Post with its own 'blood-drenched' editors who played a crucial role in rallying support behind President George W. Bush's 2003 invasion of Iraq under false pretenses. 
The Post and its editors have on their hands the blood of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis who died as a result of that illegal aggressive war, but those editors have not suffered a whit for their participation in war crimes. Instead, exactly the same senior editorial-page editors '“ Fred Hiatt and Jackson Diehl '“ are still there, touted on the newspaper's masthead, still misleading the Post's readers. 
By contrast, The Wall Street Journal (of all places) did some serious reporting on the key question of 'moderate' rebels allied with Al Qaeda. The Journal reported on Sept. 29: 'Some of Syria's largest rebel factions are doubling down on their alliance with an al Qaeda-linked group, despite a U.S. warning to split from the extremists or risk being targeted in airstrikes. The rebel gambit is complicating American counterterrorism efforts in the country at a time the U.S. is contemplating cooperation with Russia to fight extremist groups.' 
If even Rupert Murdoch's Wall Street Journal can acknowledge this important context, why can't The Washington Post? 
Dangerous Terrain 
But the whipping up of a New Cold War with Russia and the demonizing of Vladimir Putin extend beyond The Washington Post to virtually the entire U.S. political/media establishment which has plunged into this dangerous terrain without any more serious thought and analysis than preceded the Iraq invasion, except now the target for 'regime change' is nuclear-armed Russia and this adventurism risks the extermination of life on the planet. Lawyer Roy Cohn (right) with Sen. Joseph McCarthy. 
Despite these grave dangers, the Democrats and the Clinton campaign have settled on a strategy of exploiting the New McCarthyism of the New Cold War to discredit Trump through 'guilt by association' to Putin even though the two men have apparently never met. 
Mostly this New McCarthyism has been used to divert attention from developments threatening to Hillary Clinton's electoral chances, such as the release of embarrassing emails among Democratic insiders hacked from the personal account of Clinton adviser John Podesta and, since last Friday, the statement by FBI Director James Comey that he has reopened the investigation into Clinton's use of an unsecured email server because of emails found on a computer in the home of Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her estranged husband, Anthony Weiner. 
In the first instance, the Clinton campaign sought to redirect attention from the content of the emails, including the text of speeches that Clinton gave to Goldman Sachs and other financial interests, to the assessment of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia was probably behind the hack. 
'A Witch Hunt' 
In the Comey situation, Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nevada, has sought to counter Comey's stunning announcement last Friday by calling on the FBI director to also disclose whatever the FBI may have discovered about links between Trump's aides and the Kremlin. 
The New York Times reported on Tuesday that Democrats have raised suspicions about Carter Page, an early-on Trump adviser and former Merrill Lynch banker who gave a speech last summer criticizing the United States and other Western nations for a 'hypocritical focus on ideas such as democratization, inequality, corruption and regime change' in Russia and other parts of the old Soviet Union. 
Page termed Reid's efforts to transform a political disagreement into a criminal case 'a witch hunt,' a phrase familiar from Sen. Joe McCarthy's Red-scare investigations of the late 1940s and early 1950s into the loyalty of Americans. 
Another Trump adviser caught up in the Democrats' attempts to smear the Trump campaign over alleged ties to Moscow is Roger Stone. The Times reported that Democrats have accused Stone 'of being a conduit between the Russian hackers and WikiLeaks,' which published Podesta's hacked emails, because Stone has said he had contacts with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange and seemed to anticipate the damaging disclosures, though Stone has denied any prior knowledge. 
An irony from this case of 'trading places' '“ with the Democrats now darkly suggesting Republican ties to Moscow rather than the opposite during the McCarthy era '“ is that Roger Stone was a longtime associate of the late Roy Cohn, who was the controversial counsel on Sen. McCarthy's Red-hunting investigations. 
Stone derided the Democratic attempts to discredit Trump and himself with claims of ties to Moscow as 'the new McCarthyism.' 
Despite the irony, Stone is not wrong in his assessment. Rarely in American politics since the dark days of Joe McCarthy have so many unsubstantiated accusations of disloyalty been directed at any major political figure as the Democrats have done to Donald Trump. 
In the third debate, Clinton even accused Trump of being a Putin 'puppet.' If such a remark were made by Joe McCarthy or his Red-baiting ally Richard Nixon, there would have been understandable outrage. But Clinton's ugly charge passed without controversy. 
Though there are plenty of legitimate reasons to oppose the eminently unqualified Donald Trump for President, Hillary Clinton and the Democrats risk setting in motion dangerous international forces with their promiscuous Russia-bashing. Recognizing the terrifying potential of nuclear war, a more responsible course would be to tone down the rhetoric and address the legitimate questions raised by the email issues. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).
ARTICLE

Debate over the Cleveland Indians' Mascot November 1, 2016 
The U.S. government's genocide against Native Americans has led many to find the use of Indian nicknames and caricatures in sports offensive, such as the grinning Chief Wahoo mascot of the Cleveland Indians in the World Series, reports Dennis J Bernstein. 
By Dennis J Bernstein 
With the Cleveland Indians in Major League Baseball's World Series, attention is drawn again to the team's smiling mascot, Chief Wahoo, who represents to many Native Americans a racist stereotype. 
Indeed, a 'real' Cleveland Indian '” Jacqueline Keeler, a Navajo Yankton Dakota Sioux who was raised in Cleveland and is now a writer based in Portland, Oregon '” has been fighting against Chief Wahoo and other sports mascots that are degrading toward Native Americans. She was interviewed regarding the image's high profile during the series against the Chicago Cubs. 
Dennis Bernstein: Why don't you give us a little background on your family and growing up in Cleveland? 
Jacqueline Keeler: Many people don't know this, but Cleveland was the site of a relocation program that took places in the 50's, 60's and early 70's. It was part of a two-pronged program launched by the U.S. Congress to terminate tribes, and to relocate the populace, to relocate Native Americans, to urban centers. And it was a way to make us disappear, and also to gain access to our lands, and many tribes were terminated, and then they had their land sold. And, here in Oregon, many tribes were terminated and they got access to their timber stands. 
['¦] And so, my parents were relocated, they were on the relocation program into Cleveland and as young people. And within a decade of that program starting in Cleveland by the late 60's [Cleveland] had a pretty substantial Native population for the first time since Native people were removed from Ohio, in the 1830's, to Oklahoma. Chief Wahoo, the Cleveland Indians' mascot. 
DB: And so your parents met there? 
JK: Uh-huh. 
DB: And that was part of a relocation and termination policy? 
JK: Yes, for tribes. And luckily that was defeated, and turned around. And my tribes were not terminated. 
DB: What was the policy? Explain that policy. 
JK: Well, the idea was that they would just finally get rid of tribes. Tribes are actually sovereign nations within the United States. And we're pesky reminders that the United States is basically occupying our lands. And so they were just hoping to wave a wand and make us all go away. And then taking the relocation program was, for young people, from 18 to 35 years of age, and the idea was to basically de-populate our communities, and make us disappear in large cities. 
And so these relocation programs were set up in Los Angeles, in Denver, in Cleveland, in Dallas, Texas. Within a short time there were about 20,000 young Native people in Cleveland. And what they did was, they began to organize. And one of the first things they began to organize against was Chief Wahoo. And so the earliest documented large scale protest against Chief Wahoo occurred in 1968. 
DB: Okay, remind us who Chief Wahoo is, what he stands for, because everybody is not from Cleveland. 
JK: Yeah. It's a totally grotesque caricature of a Native person. Supposedly, it's meant to honor a Cleveland baseball player who was Native American back in the early 20th century. It's a really grotesque caricature. 
My organization started the notyourmascot hashtag. We trended nationally. Pretty much the only Native hashtag that's ever trended nationally. And I remember arguing with the Washington NFL fans, and having them say 'Well, why? '¦ [Y]our mascot, the Cleveland mascot, is way worse' in defending their own mascot. 
Of course, for me the issue is mascotry, which is a word I invented. The problem is all the different sort of stereotypes that having a Native mascot promotes in the populace, and in the fans, and what it teaches people about Native people. That's the problem. You have the red face, the acting out of 'Native traditions and culture' and the entitlement it breeds, over our culture and identities. 
So I remember growing up hearing stories about my parents talking about protesting against Chief Wahoo. We moved away when I was quite young so I didn't have to live with Chief Wahoo. Although when I wrote the article for Salon, and went over the history of Native people in Cleveland, Salon titled the article 'My Life as a Cleveland Indian.' I went back last year and I participated in the protests during the season opener, at Progressive Field, there in Cleveland. And I got to meet the Native community. 
DB: And what was that like? Was that empowering? ['¦] 
JK: It was. I landed in Cleveland, and the airport is really small, and people were really friendly. And when I told them I was born there, everyone, even like Cleveland Indian fans that I was interviewing at the games, even though they were drunk, they were really touched that I came back. They actually asked me to move back. It's the only place I've been, besides the reservation, where people have asked me to move back. 
And I think that's part of Cleveland's story, the Ohio River Valley, was'¦ you know the colonists'¦ one of the reasons they launched the Revolutionary War was to gain access to the Ohio River Valley, which was denied to them by King George III because he/they had set that aside as Indian land. And after the Revolutionary War they throw the tribes out, when it comes down to everyone, the Shawnee. 
And so, it's just strange that after taking that land and basically committing genocide against the tribes in Ohio, Cleveland is really fearful that they might be abandoned by the United States. They look at Detroit, they can see Detroit from their backyard. They know that the U.S. abandons cities. 
And so there are still stories partly tied into this idea of'¦ that they are half what they were when my family lived there. They went from being the seventh largest city in the 1950's to being the 48th or 49th, now. And it's really shocking. And I really felt really welcomed when I was there. And so for them, their teams winning like this, the Cavs [Cavaliers] last year and now, the MLB in the baseball team, you want to cheer for them. But ['¦] when it's attached to this kind of racism it makes it very difficult. 
DB: I want to ask you a little bit about the actual actions that are taking place [during the World Series]. You have an e-mail campaign. I imagine you couldn't, it's probably pretty hard to get tickets to the World Series, but are there any protests, in terms of the context of the World Series? 
JK: Yeah, there are. There's a really great local group there in Portland. I got to meet with them. They're called the Committee for 500 Years, and they, actually, are part of'¦ they grew out of the American Indian community in Cleveland, the real Cleveland American Indian community. They have been connecting protests for decades, of these games. And they are doing protests. They are protesting right now, as we speak. And they have a great presence there. 
And it is sort of surprising because, you know, Cleveland has a really large black community. But when you go to the games, one of the things I noticed was that all the fans were white. Like, I didn't see any people of color. The Washington Redskins' mascot. 
And when we protest at the Redskins game sometimes like 30% of the fans were African American, which is very difficult, because they would walk right by a whole flank of Native people protesting, and just not look us in the eye, or sometimes jeer at us. And you want solidarity. And it's hard when people, the mascot, I often say that mascoting masks our identities. It dehumanizes us to our fellow Americans, and it's not a great thing to teach the next generation. 
I just saw an article where they are giving away Cleveland Indian onesies to newborns in hospitals around Cleveland. And it's like they're teaching them these stereotypes at birth. 
DB: They're teaching them the stereotypes at birth. You mean, these are like gifts? So we won the World Series so this is a special thing we're doing? 
JK: Well, yeah. They just showed a picture of all the newborns in their incubators and they're all wearing onesies. 
DB: Well that gets them early, huh? 
JK: Yeah, and online we're doing, my group, eradicating offensive Native mascotry. We're doing a Twitter storm and we're doing it all week, throughout the World Series. We're just making sure that people get educated about the facts and the harm that mascotry does. There have been plenty of studies done that show that the teaching of stereotypes are primarily negative. The University of Buffalo came out with a study last year that found that they are negative and that they actually encourage other stereotypes about other groups, as well. 
And then Dr. Stephanie Fryberg, she did studies at Stanford, where she found that Native youth that were exposed to mascots, Native mascots, had a loss of self-esteem, a measurable loss. She measured their self-esteem before and after, and Native youth who claimed to be okay with Native mascots actually suffered the steepest decline in self-esteem. And, it really indicates that a lot of coping mechanisms have to be employed, a lot of energy employed to make it okay. 
And Native youths have the highest rates of suicide in the country, bar none. And they have a rate of about three times that of other peers. And Native young men actually have the highest rate. The rates are nine times that of other young American men. And, so, this is the most vulnerable group in America. And they really don't need this kind of extra added'¦ 
DB: Alright, so ['¦] there is an e-mail campaign? 
JK: We have a Twitter storm that we're doing ['¦]. We're actually doing notyourmascot and also dechief which is another hashtag that was started by Cleveland fans, where they would cut Chief Wahoo out of their apparel and gear and then post a picture of that online with the hashtag dechief. 
DB: So, this is interesting. And are there any Native American players on these teams [the Cleveland Indians and the Chicago Cubs] playing [in the World Series]? 
JK: I don't know. I don't think there are. In the early years of baseball there were a lot of pro Native players, in the early 20 th century. My great-grandfather and his twin brother played pro baseball, as well. But I don't know. I know that the Washington NFL team reportedly recruited a Native, a guy who's of Native descent onto their team and everything. As a way to try to say that our criticism was unwarranted. But, yeah, I don't know. 
DB: And this is now a national struggle because this isn't the only racist mascot stereotype that's being perpetuated. This is a part of the professional leagues in the United States. 
JK: Yeah, it has a huge reach. And, even at the college level and high school level, there are 2,000 high schools in this country that have Native American mascots. And if you were to scale that up for other ethnic groups like for Black Americans which have 10 times the population of Native Americans you would have 20,000 high schools with black mascots and it just gives you the idea of how overwhelming this is for Native people. 
And to see it on T.V., to have stadiums with 90,000 people in them doing Hopi chants and acting out stereotypes, how isolating that is to Native people, who are really a minority amongst minorities in most communities. And about 80% of all Native people live off the reservation. So they don't live in communities where they are part of any sort of majority at all, or a significant group. So they have to face this kind of ignorance alone. And, yeah, it has a huge impact. 
DB: This is amazing. Because if you contrast this with what you also know a lot about, which is what's going on in North Dakota'¦ what's happening in North Dakota is what the U.S. government didn't want to happen and by various acts of genocide like the one we're talking about tonight, subtle undermining of a culture, by the use of racist stereotypes. This is sort of an interesting parallel structure because you see the oppression here, but there's a real movement being led by the Native peoples to stop the destruction of the planet. 
JK: Exactly. I just got back from North Dakota. My dad's tribe, the Yankton Sioux tribe, some of the sites there are Yankton or Ihanktowan sites, burial sites. That is part of our 1851 Treaty that we signed with the U.S. government and my dad's tribe has a lawsuit right now with the Army Corps of Engineers, over what's happening there at Standing Rock and the Dakota Access Pipeline. 
I think when you look at the parallels, basically what is happening, they try to disappear us, there are no tribe reservations in Ohio, and in North Dakota, most of its land that it's claiming is private land is actually un-ceded treaty territory, which means that the U.S. government signs treaties with tribes. And these are not special little agreements, these are international legal agreements. And the Senate only ratifies treaties with other sovereign nations. So by ratifying treaties with us they recognize our status internationally as sovereign nations. Protest against the Dakota Access Pipeline in St. Paul, Minnesota on September 13, 2016 (Flickr Fibonacci Blue) 
And so when the Oceti Sakowin, the great Sioux Nation, exerts its rights, it is actually in its legal rights to do so. And, similarly, there are large tracts of land across the United States that have never been actually legally ceded to the United States, they are held by force. The whole state of Nevada, the Shoshone tribe never ceded that. And, of course, the most famous case is the Black Hills which the great Sioux Nation never ceded that land either. And, actually, the Supreme Court agreed with us, in 1981, I think. 
And so we actually have legal title to these places, and they're being held. And you can see what's happening in North Dakota. They're being held by force. And that force is revealing itself. The United States is a colonial enterprise, whose goal is to profit off of our land. And their only purpose is to make a profit. And they're not a real nation in the sense that we have a connection to the land. 
When I woke up last Saturday at camp, they were playing John Trudeau, the Santee Dakota poet, poetry, having him read and he's passed on, but they had a recording of him, and he was saying, 'We are the people of the Earth. Who are you?' And I think that Native nations, our origin stories, always go back to some sort of meeting with a sacred being. 
With the Lakota and Dakota people it is with the White Buffalo Calf Woman and they say that she actually appeared to us near the site of where the Dakota Access Pipeline is being laid. Right there, where the White Stone massacre happened. And so this is where we became a people, a nation'”Dakota and these are the stories that tie us to the land. 
And these are the stories they are trying to erase. And by making us American citizens and clouding our identity as citizens of our own nations, I think that's all part of the story. And assuming our identity is, of course, the full circle of that. 
In my mom's culture, in Navajo culture, they have these things called skin walkers, they're like witches, and they wear the skins of animals, and take on their appearance, and really I often feel like this whole thing of taking on our identity in this way through mascotry is a form of skin walking. And it's a form of trophyism. You know, that they see us and they have a right to do what they want with our image, and our culture. 
DB: And, what tribe did you say your dad was from? 
JK: He is Yankton, it's a Yankton Sioux tribe. In our language it would be Inhanktowan Dakota. 
DB: And they're suing the Army Corps of Engineers? 
JK: Yes. They are. Their lawsuit hasn't been heard yet, and then, of course, the Standing Rock Sioux tribe is also suing. But they lost and they're appealing, now. And the Cheyenne River Sioux tribe has enjoined that lawsuit as well. 
DB: And this suit goes right against the Army Corps of Engineers which has been halted from action by the President, at this point. 
JK: Yeah, they have'¦. 
DB: They have halted the company from going on public lands. 
JK: Yeah, the federal'¦ the waterways, the Missouri River is the federal waterway, so the Army Corps of Engineers and the federal government has jurisdiction over it. However, most of the pipeline is on private land. In fact, they purchased the Cannonball Ranch, where they had, over Labor Day weekend, dug up recently identified burial sites and other archeological sites for the'¦ 
DB: The company bought the ranch? 
JK: They bought it. Yes. Actually, they may have broke the law because North Dakota has a Depression Era law against corporate ownership of agricultural land, non-family owned corporations owning agricultural land in North Dakota. And they admit they broke the law, but they say they're going to make it right later. 
DB: So a private citizen sold to the company which proceeded to drill, and did? 
JK: Yes. 
['¦] 
JK: My family fought the Keystone XL Pipeline. The Yankton Sioux tribe played a major role in that. And so I talked to the folks, the white farmers that helped us, they band with us. My aunt helped form this alliance called the Cowboy and Indian Alliance, and I talked to them and they said that they're hearing that'¦ A protestor holds a sign against the Washington football team's name at a rally in Minneapolis, Minnesota on November 2, 2014 (Flickr Fibonacci Blue) 
DB: These are the farmers and the Native Americans [who] are working together to restrain the oil'¦. 
JK: Yes. We were really lucky to find landowners, white landowners, who were willing to stand with us, cause they take a huge risk. Because they face imminent domain threats. They could pay all these legal fees and still lose their land. And I heard that the Energy Transfer Partners, the Dallas corporation that is behind Dakota Access Pipeline, is even more vicious and even worse than Trans-Canada was. 
DB: Well, let me ask you, we just got a minute or two left, what are you asking people to do in terms of the stereotypes, in terms of the racist mascots? You talked about an action, I want to remind people what you're up to and what you folks are trying to do here. 
JK: We want the mascoting of Native people to stop. And to basically change the emphasis to real representations of Native people in the media, and in sports. And we would like for our real lives to be seen, and to be understood. 
['¦] You know, here in Portland, we have this Powell's Bookstore that has thousands of books. But how many of those books actually feature Native protagonists? That's the problem, there's no balance. People often ask me 'Well, what about the Vikings?' Well, the difference is that that's not the only way you see a white man, as a Viking. If you never saw a white man as anything else than a Viking, and you never saw him on T.V., you never saw him save the world in a Hollywood film, you never saw him as President of the United States, then it would be a similar situation. The issue is the prevalence of mascotry and stereotypes, over real knowledge of Native people. 
DB: I guess tonight you'll be rooting for the people and the removal of that racist symbol, right? That will be a home run, for the home team, for you, huh? 
JK: Well, I guess I'm rooting ['¦] that we get a chance to use this time this week [during the World Series] to really educate people, and to really get people to think about it. And to get Americans to understand, because obviously other Americans understand this, because you will notice that no other ethnic group is mascoted to the degree that Native people are. 
DB: We're going to have to leave it right there. 
Dennis J Bernstein is a host of 'Flashpoints' on the Pacifica radio network and the author of Special Ed: Voices from a Hidden Classroom . You can access the audio archives at www.flashpoints.net .
ARTICLE

How Neocons Got ISIS Wrong, Too November 2, 2016 
As Islamic State loses ground in Iraq and Syria, earlier demands from Official Washington's neocons for a major reintroduction of U.S. troops appear to be just the latest misjudgment of these war hawks, as ex-CIA analyst Paul R. Pillar explains. 
By Paul R. Pillar 
The so-called Islamic State or ISIS is on the decline, and its 'caliphate' on the ground in Iraq and Syria is shrinking to extinction. In Syria, the group has lost about a quarter of the territory it used to control, including its access to the Turkish border, and recapture of its de facto capital in Raqqa is coming into sight. In Iraq, ISIS has lost half the territory it once had, and a coalition of forces is knocking on the door of the group's biggest prize, the city of Mosul. 
We should reflect on the arguments we were hearing not very long ago that more force than the Obama administration was using would be needed to defeat the ISIS menace. ISIS was the main focus of the 'do more in Syria' cries before the cries shifted more to the Syrian regime and its warfighting methods Journalist James Foley shortly before he was executed by an Islamic State operative. 
Typical was an op-ed by James Jeffrey of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, written not quite one year ago, that called for sending U.S. ground troops into the fight against ISIS and declared, 'It's obvious that defeat of the Islamic State is not going to happen absent a first-class, mobile ground force being launched to mate with overwhelming air power.' 
Well, ISIS is being defeated without such a U.S. ground force. In fact, the defeating is perhaps going too fast, in that the main question is not whether such defeat is happening but rather how unstable will be the situation left in the wake of an extinguished ISIS mini-state. 
The smash-and-run approach that was being advocated by many of those who argued that the Obama administration was not applying enough military force to the problem (Jeffrey advertised his proposal as a 'short, crisp' operation that would not be anything like a prolonged counterinsurgency) would be even less likely to yield a favorable answer to that question. 
This is one of those occasions in which it is easy to forget the errors of policy recommendations that were never adopted, because without being put into effect the errors in analysis fortunately never get reflected in actual costs and fiascos. But the analysis can be just as bad as with ill-founded policy recommendations that are put into effect. We ought to take note of that, and to apply the relevant lessons in evaluating similar policy debates now and in the future. 
On one hand, U.S. military escalation already is proving to be unnecessary to squeeze the ISIS mini-state out of existence. But on the other hand, even an escalated U.S. military effort would be insufficient to make ISIS-fomented armed resistance in Syria and Iraq go away, mini-state or no mini-state. 
As Seth Jones explains in an analysis based on experience with prior resistance groups, an ISIS-led insurgency is likely to ensue. So much for short and crisp with any escalated U.S. military intervention. If 'mission accomplished' is declared after Mosul and Raqqa fall, whoever is involved in the fight will be facing what U.S. troops faced earlier in Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein. Unlike what smash-and-run proponents might suggest, going after ISIS is not a game of capture-the-flag or checkmating a king. 
Resisting Future Alarms 
Another reality that will be faced after the mini-state is extinguished concerns international terrorism. Anti-Western terrorism associated with ISIS was another of the alarm buttons, along with ISIS's rapid territorial gains in 2014, that was connected to the cries to do more with military force and to do it fast. Islamic terrorists prepare to execute a wounded policeman after their attack on the offices of French magazine Charlie Hebdo on Jan. 7, 2015. 
Jeffrey's piece was again typical in beginning by stating that the 'horrific Paris attacks' and the bombing of a Russian airliner over Egypt 'demand an answer to this question: When will the United States realize that it urgently needs to use real military force to defeat the Islamic State threat?' 
We should note first that despite such supposed urgency, in the ensuing year the West has not been assaulted with any paralyzing wave of ISIS-fomented terrorism, even though ISIS and its caliphate have not yet been extinguished. 
Even after the caliphate is extinguished, however, there still will be terrorism in the West conducted in the name of ISIS, even if not paralyzing. For ISIS to look more and more like a loser rather than a winner will make it less of a lodestar for radicals in the West, but the terrorism that any such radicals conduct has never depended on control of a piece of real estate in the Middle East. 
After Mosul and Raqqa have fallen and Western leaders can declare, with some good reason, that the ISIS caliphate is no more, some bombings and shooting sprees will still occur in the West and will be labeled, at least on the basis of a perpetrator's claim, as 'ISIS attacks.' How will Americans and American politicians react to that? 
Based on experience, much of the reaction will consist of an urge to use military force, amid continuing insurgency in Iraq and Syria, to find and destroy a command center that is thought to organize and order such terrorism. But although some individual extremist leaders will be killed, no such center will be found. 
It will assume a place in U.S. military history comparable to the 'Bamboo Pentagon' that was assumed to exist somewhere in Cambodia and to control all of the Communist insurgency in South Vietnam. Military operations aimed at the chimerical terrorist command center identified with ISIS will have the counterproductive effect of stimulating more of the very kind of anti-Western terrorism that the operations were intended to prevent. 
If we are fortunate, maybe instead a more accurate lesson will be drawn from the disjunction between a destroyed ISIS caliphate and continued international terrorism in ISIS's name. The lesson would be that groups such as ISIS are less prime movers of terrorism and more a name and a cause to which radicals attach themselves to believe that they are acting on behalf of something larger than themselves and their own demons and grievances. 
A corollary is that the likelihood of Americans becoming victims of this brand of terrorism has less to do with battle lines on a Middle Eastern map than with whether our own actions generate and sustain such grievances. 
Paul R. Pillar, in his 28 years at the Central Intelligence Agency, rose to be one of the agency's top analysts. He is author most recently of Why America Misunderstands the World . (This article first appeared as a blog post at The National Interest's Web site. Reprinted with author's permission.)
ARTICLE

Phony 'Corruption' Excuse for Ukraine Coup November 2, 2016 
Exclusive: The U.S.-backed 'regime change' in Ukraine '” launching the New Cold War with Russia in 2014 '” was rationalized by the need to rid Ukraine of corruption, but post-coup officials are busy lining their pockets, reports Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
If Ukraine becomes a flashpoint for World War III with Russia, the American people might rue the day that their government pressed for the 2014 overthrow of Ukraine's allegedly corrupt (though elected) president in favor of a coup regime led by Ukrainian lawmakers who now report amassing, on average, more than $1 million each, much of it as cash. 
The New York Times, which served as virtually a press agent for the coup in February 2014, took note of this apparent corruption among the U.S.-favored post-coup officials, albeit deep inside a story that itself was deep inside the newspaper (page A8). The lead angle was a bemused observation that Ukraine's officialdom lacked faith in the country's own banks (thus explaining why so much cash). Ukraine's anti-Russian President Petro Poroshenko speaking to the Atlantic Council in 2014. (Photo credit: Atlantic Council) 
Yet, Ukraine is a country beset by widespread poverty, made worse by the post-coup neoliberal 'reforms' slashing pensions, making old people work longer and reducing heating subsidies for average citizens. The average Ukrainian salary is only $214 a month. 
So, an inquiring mind might wonder how '“ in the face of all that hardship '“ the post-coup officials did so well for themselves, but Times' correspondent Andrew E. Kramer treads lightly on the possibility that these officials were at least as corrupt, if not more so, than the elected government that the U.S. helped overthrow. Elected President Viktor Yanukovych had been excoriated for a lavish lifestyle because he had a sauna in his residence. 
Kramer's article on Wednesday tried to explain the bundles of cash as a sign that 'many of the lawmakers and officials responsible for inspiring public trust in Ukraine's economic and banking institutions have little faith that their own wealth would be safe in the country's banks, according to recently mandated financial disclosures. '¦ 
'Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman, for example, declared over one million dollars in savings in cash '” $870,000 and 460,000 euros '” apparently shunning Ukraine's ever-wobbly banking system. The top official in charge of the country's banks, Valeriya Gontareva, who is responsible for stabilizing the national currency, the hryvnia, maintains most of her money in American dollars '” $1.8 million. 
'A tally of the declarations filed by most of Parliament's 450 members compiled by one analyst, Andriy Gerus, found that the lawmakers collectively held $482 million in 'monetary assets,' of which $36 million was kept as cold, hard cash. '¦ 
'Some politicians seem to have approached the declaration as a sort of amnesty, revealing everything they have earned from decades of crooked dealings, in an effort to come clean. '¦ One minister reported a wine collection with bottles worth thousands of dollars each. Another official declared ownership of a church. Yet another claimed a ticket to outer space with Virgin Galactic. '¦ 
'Another theory making the rounds in Kiev '” where people generally acknowledge the inventive, venal genius of their politicians '” suggests that the public servants are padding their declarations,' so they can hide future bribes within their reported cash holdings and thus offer plausible excuses for luxury cars and expensive jewelry. 
Accessing More Money 
Ironically, passage of the law requiring the disclosures of what appears to be widespread corruption among Kiev's officials unlocked millions of euros in new aid money from the European Union that then flowed to the same apparently corrupt officials. Ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych. 
However, because the Ukraine 'regime change' in 2014 was partly orchestrated by U.S. and E.U. officials around the propaganda theme that elected President Yanukovych was corrupt '“ he had that sauna, after all '“ the continued corruption in the post-coup regime has been a rarely acknowledged, inconvenient truth. Indeed, some business people operating in Ukraine have complained that the corruption has grown worse since Yanukovych was overthrown. 
Yet, only occasionally has that reality been allowed to peek through in the mainstream U.S. media, which prefers to deny that any 'coup' occurred, to blame Russia for all of Ukraine's problems, and to praise the post-coup 'reforms' which targeted pensions, heating subsidies and other social programs for average citizens. 
One of the rare deviations from the happy talk appeared in The Wall Street Journal on Jan. 1, 2016, observing that 'most Ukrainians say the revolution's promise to replace rule by thieves with the rule of law has fallen short and the government acknowledges that there is still much to be done.' 
Actually, the numbers suggested something even worse. More and more Ukrainians rated corruption as a major problem facing the nation, including a majority of 53 percent in September 2015, up from 28 percent in September 2014, according to polls by International Foundation for Electoral Systems. 
So, as the hard lives of most Ukrainians got harder, the elites continued to skim off whatever cream was left, including access to billions of dollars in the West's foreign assistance that has kept the economy afloat. 
There was, for instance, the case of Finance Minister Natalie Jaresko, who was regarded by many pundits as the face of Ukraine's reform before departing last April after losing out in a power struggle. 
Yet, Jaresko was hardly a paragon of reform. Prior to getting instant Ukrainian citizenship and becoming Finance Minister in December 2014, she was a former U.S. diplomat who had been entrusted to run a $150 million U.S.-taxpayer-funded program to help jump-start an investment economy in Ukraine and Moldova. 
Jaresko's compensation was capped at $150,000 a year, a salary that many Americans '“ let alone Ukrainians '“ would envy, but it was not enough for her. So, she engaged in a variety of maneuvers to evade the cap and enrich herself by claiming millions of dollars in bonuses and fees. 
Ultimately, Jaresko was collecting more than $2 million a year after she shifted management of the Western NIS Enterprise Fund (WNISEF) to her own private company, Horizon Capital, and arranged to get lucrative bonuses when selling off investments, even as the overall WNISEF fund was losing money, according to official records. Ukraine's former Finance Minister Natalie Jaresko. 
For instance, Jaresko collected $1.77 million in bonuses in 2013, according to a WNISEF filing with the Internal Revenue Service. In her financial disclosure forms with the Ukrainian government, she reported earning $2.66 million in 2013 and $2.05 million in 2014, thus amassing a sizeable personal fortune while investing U.S. taxpayers' money supposedly to benefit the Ukrainian people. 
It didn't matter that WNISEF continued to hemorrhage money, shrinking from its original $150 million to $89.8 million in the 2013 tax year, according to the IRS filing. WNISEF reported that the bonuses to Jaresko and other corporate officers were based on 'successful' exits from some investments even if the overall fund was losing money. 
Though Jaresko's enrichment schemes were documented by IRS and other official filings, the mainstream U.S. media turned a blind eye to this history, all the better to pretend that Ukraine's 'reform' process was in good hands. [See Consortiumnews.com's ' How Ukraine's Finance Minister Got Rich .'] 
Biden's Appeal 
Worried about the continued corruption, Vice President Joe Biden, who took a personal interest in Ukraine, lectured Ukraine's parliament on the need to end cronyism. 
But Biden had his own Ukraine cronyism problem because three months after the U.S.-backed overthrow of the Yanukovych government Ukraine's largest private gas firm, Burisma Holdings, appointed his son, Hunter Biden, to its board of directors. Vice President Joe Biden. 
Burisma a shadowy Cyprus-based company also lined up well-connected lobbyists, some with ties to Secretary of State John Kerry, including Kerry's former Senate chief of staff David Leiter, according to lobbying disclosures. 
As Time magazine reported , 'Leiter's involvement in the firm rounds out a power-packed team of politically-connected Americans that also includes a second new board member, Devon Archer, a Democratic bundler and former adviser to John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign. Both Archer and Hunter Biden have worked as business partners with Kerry's son-in-law, Christopher Heinz, the founding partner of Rosemont Capital, a private-equity company.' 
According to investigative journalism inside Ukraine, the ownership of Burisma has been traced to Privat Bank, controlled by the thuggish billionaire oligarch Ihor Kolomoysky, who was appointed by the U.S.-backed 'reform' regime to be governor of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, a south-central province of Ukraine (though Kolomoisky was eventually ousted from that post in a power struggle over control of UkrTransNafta, Ukraine's state-owned oil pipeline operator). 
In a speech to Ukraine's parliament in December 2015 , Biden hailed the sacrifice of the 100 or so protesters who died during the Maidan putsch in February 2014, which ousted Yanukovych, referring to the dead by their laudatory name 'The Heavenly Hundred.' 
But Biden made no heavenly references to the estimated 10,000 people, mostly ethnic Russians, who have been slaughtered in the U.S.-encouraged 'Anti-Terror Operation' waged by the coup regime against eastern Ukrainians who resisted Yanukovych's violent ouster. Nor did Biden take note that some of the Heavenly Hundred were street fighters for neo-Nazi and other far-right nationalist organizations. 
But after making his sugary references to The Heavenly Hundred, Biden delivered his bitter medicine, an appeal for the parliament to continue implementing International Monetary Fund 'reforms,' including demands that old people work longer into their old age. 
Biden said, 'For Ukraine to continue to make progress and to keep the support of the international community you have to do more, as well. The big part of moving forward with your IMF program '” it requires difficult reforms. And they are difficult. 
'Let me say parenthetically here, all the experts from our State Department and all the think tanks, and they come and tell you, that you know what you should do is you should deal with pensions. You should deal with '” as if it's easy to do. Hell, we're having trouble in America dealing with it. We're having trouble. To vote to raise the pension age is to write your political obituary in many places. 
'Don't misunderstand that those of us who serve in other democratic institutions don't understand how hard the conditions are, how difficult it is to cast some of the votes to meet the obligations committed to under the IMF. It requires sacrifices that might not be politically expedient or popular. But they're critical to putting Ukraine on the path to a future that is economically secure. And I urge you to stay the course as hard as it is. Ukraine needs a budget that's consistent with your IMF commitments.' 
However, as tough as it might have been for Ukraine's parliament to slash pensions, reduce heating subsidies and force the elderly to work longer, that political sacrifice did not appear to extend to the officials making financial sacrifices themselves. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).
ARTICLE

America's Rocky Road to Raqqa   Though the U.S. has no legal right to operate inside Syria, Official Washington is boasting about its plans to liberate Raqqa from ISIS. But another problem: the battle plan makes no sense, says Daniel Lazare. 
By Daniel Lazare 
In her final debate with Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton promised that the United States and its allies would follow up the offensive against ISIS-occupied Mosul with an assault on ISIS headquarters in Raqqa in neighboring Syria. Last week, Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter assured the press that an offensive was on the way. 
'It starts in the next few weeks,' Carter said . 'That has long been our plan and we will be capable of resourcing both,' i.e. dual assaults on Mosul and Raqqa. President Barack Obama delivers a statement on confronting the terrorist group, Islamic State, in Syria, on the South Lawn of the White House on Sept. 23, 2014. (Official White House Photo by David Lienemann) 
'We think this is the right moment to begin pushing in Raqqa,' a Pentagon spokesman added on Monday. 'There is a plan in place to begin this.' 
Except that the more the administration assures the public that an assault is just around the corner, the more distant it seems to become. In fact, it looks more and more like an assault on Raqqa won't occur at all. The reason is simple. The strategy is half-baked even by U.S. standards. 
The effort to take back Mosul is off to a dangerous enough start as it is. The problem is not the military campaign, which seems to be making good progress as Iraqi troops enter the city for the first time in two years . Rather, it is the larger political setting. 
Powerful cross-currents are at work involving the Iraqi army, Turkey, Iranian-backed Shi'ite militias known as Popular Mobilization Forces, or Al-Hashd al-Shaabi, and the Kurdish Peshmerga. Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey's neo-Ottoman president, has unsettled the Iraqis by claiming that Mosul lies within his country's traditional sphere of influence and by vowing to protect the city's Sunni population against revenge by Al-Hashd for anti-Shi'ite atrocities committed by ISIS (also known as ISIL, Islamic State, and Daesh). 
Unfortunately, Erdogan's fears are not unfounded since Al-Hashd has already been accused of atrocities in Tikrit and Fallujah while at least one militia leader has sworn to take vengeance in Mosul as well.   Clinton's Slog Deeper into the Big Muddy .'] 
Although the Iraqi government has promised that the militias will confine their activities to the city's outskirts, the Iraqi army is seen as hardly less threatening since its Shi'ite flags are now ubiquitous . Mosul residents also feel threatened by the Kurds since they remember all too well when the Peshmerga took over in the wake of the 2003 U.S. invasion, sparking a wave of looting that stripped the city clean . 
Shi'ite militia members similarly remember when they clashed with the Kurds in the central Iraqi town of Tuz Khurma as recently as April and are leery of coming into contact with them as well. 
Leery 'Allies' 
So everyone is leery of everyone else, which means that the more such forces converge on Mosul, the greater the risk that years of accumulated fears and hatreds will reach a critical mass and explode. Recep Tayyip Erdogan, President of Turkey, at the United Nations General Assembly on Sept. 20, 2016 (UN Photo) 
Erdogan is meanwhile refusing to abandon a military beachhead that he maintains in the small town of Bashiqa a few miles to the northeast, while Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi is threatening that Turkey will be ' dismantled ' if it tries to mount a full-scale invasion. 
'We do not want war with Turkey,' Abadi said, 'and we do not want a confrontation with Turkey. But if a confrontation happens, we are ready for it. We will consider [Turkey] an enemy and we will deal with it as an enemy.' 
Turkey's reply has been to continue massing troops, tanks, and other military hardware on the Iraqi border just 90 miles to the north. On Wednesday, it piled on yet more abuse as Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu demanded of Abadi, 'If you have the strength, why did you surrender Mosul to terror organizations?' 
But as dangerous as all this is, the situation some 280 miles to the west around Raqqa in Syria is even worse. As the U.S. tries to assemble a force capable of taking on ISIS, it finds itself picking its way through a list of contenders that is little short of dizzying. 
In addition to Syria, Russia and Turkey, the list includes the so-called Free Syrian Army; Kurdish People's Protection Units known as the YPG; Sunni Arabs who have joined with the YPG in an umbrella federation known as the Syrian Democratic Forces or SDF; plus the same Iranian-backed Shi'ite militias in Iraq that have lately begun threatening to cross the border and join in the assault on Raqqa as well. 
Also dizzying are the local animosities. While Turkey gets along well with Masoud Barzani, leader of the Kurdish autonomous zone in northern Iraq, the story is very different in northern Syria, where the left-leaning YPG is dominant. Since the YPG's parent body, the Kurdish Democratic Union, is allied with the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), which has been leading an insurgency inside Turkey since the 1980s, Erdogan sees the militia as no better than Islamic State and possibly even worse. 
The YPG feels the same way, describing Erdogan and ISIS as nothing less than brothers under the skin. The YPG is hostile to the Free Syrian Army since it took part in last summer's Turkish incursion into northern Syria, whose primary goal was to prevent Kurdish militia units in northeastern Syria from hooking up with fellow YPG fighters in the northwest. The FSA, meanwhile, is not only anti-YPG but anti-U.S. even though its Turkish sponsors are nominally pro. 
Thus, Free Syrian Army members erupted in anti-American chanting when a convoy of U.S. commandoes showed up in the Turkish-occupied town of Al-Rai in mid-September, forcing the Americans to flee . 
'Christians and Americans have no place among us,' one militant shouted . 'They want to wage a crusader war to occupy Syria.' Another called out: 'The collaborators of America are dogs and pigs. They wage a crusader war against Syria and Islam.' 
This is one of the groups that Washington classifies as 'secular' and 'moderate.' Still, Washington's hope is that the various factions will put their differences aside long enough to 'liberate' Raqqa. The prospect seems unlikely especially since fighting between the Turkish-backed FSA and the YPG seems to be spreading. 
Turkey Killing Kurds 
On Oct. 20, Turkish jets and artillery pounded YPG-SDF positions northeast of Aleppo, killing as many as 200 fighters. Since then, the two groups '“ Turkey and the Free Syrian Army on one side, the YPG and anti-Turkish Arabs of the SDF on the other '“ have been engaged in a struggle for control of ISIS-occupied Al-Bab, 20 miles or so south of the Turkish border and roughly the same distance northeast of Aleppo. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. (Photo credit: Fabio Rodrigues Pozzebom / ABr) 

If Turkish-FSA forces take Al-Bab, then Kurdish hopes of linking up their forces in northeastern and northwestern Syria will have been dashed. The FSA would then be in a position to push east to Raqqa, which would mean a clash with both the main body of the YPG and ISIS. Or, as the often perceptive Moon of Alabama website suggests , it could instead wheel about and attempt to relieve its fellow Salafists besieged in Aleppo. 
That would mean a head-on collision with Syrian government forces and exposure to Russian jets, a point that a Syrian government helicopter drove home last week by bombing Turkish-FSA forces engaged in combat with the YPG. 
Internecine warfare like this can only benefit Islamic State, an undisputed expert at using its opponents' differences to its own advantage. This is why it was able to put down roots in Syria in the first place '“ because the U.S. was too busy trying to topple Bashar al-Assad to worry about an Al Qaeda offshoot that Obama famously dismissed as nothing more than ' a JV team .' 
It's also why Islamic State was able to establish bases and supply lines in Turkey '“ because Erdogan was more concerned with fighting Assad and the Kurds to concern himself with what his fellow Sunnis were up to. A northern Syrian and Iraqi landscape torn by infighting is perfect for a hyper-violent Sunni-Salafist group skilled at playing one group off against another. 
The White House dimly senses that it has gotten itself into a mess, which is why officials turn vague and inscrutable whenever reporters press for details concerning a reported assault on Raqqa. The problem, as the U.S. officials see it, is that Erdogan remains unalterably opposed to the YPG-SDF even though it is the only ground force capable of fighting Islamic State. Hence, it is impossible to take Raqqa without alienating a fellow member of NATO. 
'We do not need terrorist organizations like the PYD-YPG,' Erdogan says he told Obama in an Oct. 26 phone call , referring to the militia and Kurdish Democratic Union. 'I said, 'Come, let's remove [Islamic State] from Raqqa together. We will sort this out together with you.' We have the strength.' 
The U.S. doubts that Erdogan does have that capability yet is unable to say no. The upshot is talks, negotiations, and growing delays. Jennifer Cafarella, a Syria expert at the neocon Institute for the Study of War, grouses that the administration is 'stalling' while, on the other side of the debate, foreign-policy 'realists' wonder why the administration is rushing ahead with a strategy that it knows won't work. 
Skeptical Analysis 
In a hard-hitting analysis in the conservative but often skeptical National Interest, Daniel L. Davis, a retired army colonel and Afghan veteran, points out that whereas a national army, well-armed militias, U.S. ground and intelligence forces, and 'resupply lines through friendly territory' are all in place in northern Iraq, 'none of those things exist' with regard to Raqqa. The political problems, he adds, are even more daunting. Map of Syria. 
When Kurdish units liberated the ISIS-occupied town of Manbij in August, Davis notes, grateful residents told YPG members, 'You are our children, you are our heroes, you are the blood of our hearts.' Yet the YPG's reward was to be denounced as terrorists by Erdogan and instructed to leave by the U.S. 
'What possible assurances could the United States give to the Kurds,' Davis writes, 'that upon successful liberation of Raqqa, the Turkish army isn't going to turn on them? Why would the Turks bomb the Kurdish troops one day and then work with them the next, or allow the Kurds to maintain a presence after liberating Raqqa? There is no recognizable logic in these unsubstantiated hopes.' 
Davis is correct. But, then, there is no recognizable logic in the Obama administration's intervention in Syria in general. Why insist that Assad step down, for example, when the only effect will be to clear a path for Al Qaeda and Islamic State straight through to the presidential palace in Damascus? 
Why back a Turkish incursion into northern Syria when the only result is to infuriate Kurds who are the only effective anti-ISIS fighting force that the U.S. has on its side? Why insist that the U.S. wants a democratic solution to the Syrian civil war when the countries backing the anti-Assad forces, i.e. Saudi Arabia and the other Arab oil monarchies, are some of the most undemocratic societies on earth? 
None of it makes sense. But since the Israelis, Turks and Saudis all want Assad to go, the Obama administration feels that it has no choice but to comply. How else can it keep a fractious empire together if not by catering to its client states' whims and desires? 
When empires are strong, they can afford to say no. But when they are weak and over-extended, they do as they are told. This is why the U.S. is frozen with regard to Raqqa. It can't disappoint its allies by calling an assault off, and it can't push ahead with a plan that doesn't add up. So it dawdles. 
Daniel Lazare is the author of several books including The Frozen Republic: How the Constitution Is Paralyzing Democracy (Harcourt Brace).
ARTICLE

The Resentments Trump Represents   While the mainstream U.S. media has focused on personal scandals, the presidential race has revealed a deep and sometimes ugly resentment among many Americans who blame the haughty elites for declining living standards, says Andrew Spannaus, 
By Andrew Spannaus 
This year's presidential election has been surprising on many fronts, with the success of a number of outsider candidates and the fact that the most unorthodox of them all, Donald Trump, is within striking distance of victory in the last days of the campaign. 
As shocking as Trump's candidacy has been to the national media and political establishment, it has provoked even more astonishment outside of the United States, where people often have a superficial view of the U.S. political and economic situation. This is driven by a reliance on only a few major news outlets that tend to give an elitist view of what happens in the country, ignoring the type of undercurrents that have driven the outsider campaigns this year. Donald Trump speaking with supporters at a campaign rally at Veterans Memorial Coliseum at the Arizona State Fairgrounds in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
In Europe, a common question asked of Americans this year has been: 'Has everyone gone crazy?' 
There is shock that much of the country would be willing to vote for someone as unprepared and offensive as Donald Trump. It is heightened by the fact that the current President is the first African-American to hold the office, confusing people who thought that Barack Obama's election had put racial considerations on the backburner, but now see the Republican candidate drawing on racist stereotypes to increase enthusiasm among his base. 
This has led to the common view that white, male America is 'fighting back,' and not willing to accept a woman president, after having to suffer the indignity of the first black president for the past eight years. 
While sexism and racism can't be ignored, the problem is that just as much of the U.S. media has done for so long, Europeans concentrate mostly on the person of Trump himself, with his countless faults, while almost entirely ignoring the discontent among the population that has made this kind of revolt possible. 
There is in fact very little recognition of the difficulties of the U.S. middle class over the past 35 years, caused principally by the pro-finance, anti-industrial policies that have contributed to the loss of millions of well-paying jobs across the country. The media touts the low unemployment numbers and the return to economic growth, and thus Europeans don't understand how the American population could be so upset, and what the source of the anger could be. 
Yet it doesn't take much to go beneath the surface and explain the economic anxiety that has driven the realignment of U.S. politics this year. Indeed the stagnation of wages and lack of financial security that much of the American middle- and lower-class suffers from is quite similar to that in Europe; and in Europe the drop in living standards is leading to a continent-wide revolt against the institutions of the European Union.   Europe's Battle: Nationalists vs. Elites .'] 
A Left-Right Resistance 
In Europe as in the U.S., there are right-wing and left-wing manifestations of the protest, combining anger against the bank bailouts, opposition to economic austerity, and fear of immigrants seen as threatening traditions and security. Flag of the European Union. 
In addition, international 'free trade' agreements are the target of significant public and political opposition around the Continent, even more so than in the U.S., where much of the establishment remains committed to the current neoliberal economic policies. 
Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, the self-described 'democratic socialist,' and real-estate mogul Donald Trump both target NAFTA and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, denouncing the pacts as negative for American workers and favorable mostly to multinational corporations. In Europe the target is the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), the agreement still being negotiated with the U.S. that is seen as negative for smaller companies and traditional markets, and favorable mostly to multinational corporations. 
The similarities between the protest movements are so strong that failure to recognize them means that someone obviously deserves a prize for misinformation. 
When it comes to foreign policy, the issues become even more urgent for Europe. While Donald Trump promises to crush ISIS and increase spending on the U.S. military, his position regarding the key strategic question for Europe '“ relations with Russia '“ is the opposite of what most people expect. 
Hillary Clinton's hawkish stance towards Russia and her stated disgust for Vladimir Putin appear to be perfectly in tune with the reversion towards an adversarial relationship that is currently taking shape after the apparent failure of attempts at greater cooperation through diplomacy made by President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry listens to Russian President Vladimir Putin in a meeting room at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, at the outset of a bilateral meeting on July 14, 2016. [State Department Photo] The superficial view is that Clinton will represent continuity with the foreign policy of the Obama administration, but anyone who has been paying attention knows that on numerous important questions, from the nuclear agreement with Iran to relations with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, from the establishment of a 'no-fly zone' in Syria to intervening more directly in Ukraine, there is significant daylight between the President and his former Secretary of State, and Clinton has barely attempted to hide it.
Trump, on the other hand, is more in line with the preferred foreign policy of most major European nations, in particular as regards Russia. After years of sanctions and increased military activities closer to Russia's borders, the leaders of Germany, France and Italy all hope for a reduction of tensions, allowing them to resume economic relations and avoid being caught in the middle of a new East-West conflict. 
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has been particularly vocal in opposing the anti-Russia sanctions, including '“ curiously '“ immediately after his return from a state dinner at the White House. In fact, it's not the first time he has been critical of current policy towards Russia right after a meeting in Washington, and as anyone in Italy knows, it's highly unlikely he would make such statements without tacit approval, or at least acceptance, from the U.S. government, in this case most likely President Obama. 
If Hillary Clinton wins the election, it will be interesting to see if nations such as Italy will continue to be afforded such leeway. 
Over the course of the campaign, the recognition of the deeper issues at play in the U.S. election has grown, although such discussion still tends to be overshadowed by superficial coverage of the personal battle between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and the various scandals of the moment. 
Europeans would do better to pay close attention to the fundamental questions that have been raised during the campaign, that will have a major impact on the entire Western world in the coming years: the fate of the middle class and the decline of the productive economy, and the decision as to whether to seek cooperation, or conflict, with Russia. 
Andrew Spannaus is a freelance journalist and strategic analyst based in Milan, Italy. He is the founder of Transatlantico.info, that provides news, analysis and consulting to Italian institutions and businesses. His book on the U.S. elections PerchÃ¨ vince Trump (Why Trump is Winning) was published in June 2016.
ARTICLE

US Hypocrisy Over Russian 'War Crimes' November 4, 2016 
Amid the sludge of propaganda, it's hard to know what's really happening in Syria, but the West's outrage over Russian-inflicted civilian casualties is clearly hypocritical given the U.S.-Israeli slaughters elsewhere in the region, notes Gareth Porter. 
By Gareth Porter 
The Russian-Syrian bombing campaign in eastern Aleppo, which has ended at least for the time being, has been described in press reports and op-eds as though it were unique in modern military history in its indiscriminateness. In an unusual move for a senior U.S. official,   called for an investigation of war crimes in Aleppo. 
The discussion has been lacking in historical context, however. Certainly the civilian death toll from the bombing and shelling in Aleppo has been high, but many of the strikes may not be all that dissimilar from the major U.S. bombing campaign in Iraq in 2003, nor as indiscriminate as Israel's recent campaigns in densely populated cities. At the start of the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003,   ordered the U.S. military to conduct a devastating aerial assault on Baghdad, known as 'shock and awe.' 
The impression that the bombing in Aleppo was uniquely indiscriminate was a result of news reporting and commentary suggesting, by implication, that there are no real military targets in east Aleppo. 
But in fact, al-Nusra Front (Al Qaeda's affiliate) turned Aleppo into the central hub of a massive system of conventional warfare in Aleppo province in late January 2016 when it sent an enormous convoy of at least 200 vehicles with troops and weaponry into eastern Aleppo. A dramatic three-minute al-Nusra video shows what appears to be hundreds of vehicles full of troops and trucks with weapons mounted on them. 
The Russian command in Syria has drones observing the routes in and out of Aleppo, so it certainly knew where many of those military sites were located. Syrian opposition sources also revealed that Nusra began immediately to put the military assets at its disposal underground, digging deep bunkers to protect troops, military equipment and tunnels through which troops and weapons could be moved unseen. 
The move underground explains the Russian use of bunker-buster bombs for the first time in the war. As the Guardian reported , Justin Bronk of the British defense think tank Royal United Service Institute concluded that the Russians 'have high-grade intelligence of the whereabouts of Syrian opposition positions,' mainly because bunker buster bombs are too expensive to use simply to destroy buildings at random. 
But like Hamas fighters in Gaza in 2014, the Nusra Front-led command in Aleppo has moved its troops, weapons and command centers around in the tunnels that they have built. So many of the Russian and Syrian air strikes are almost certainly hitting targets that have already been abandoned. And in other cases, the wrong target has undoubtedly been hit. 
The Aleppo Health Directorate, a local monitoring group, estimated that 400 civilians had been killed in the first three weeks of bombing in east Aleppo. The United Nations put the death toll at 360 . 
Drop the Superiority Act 
As terrible as that toll of civilian lives is, the United States should drop the stance of moral superiority. When the U.S. military invaded Iraq in 2003, it made no effort to keep track of how many civilians were killed in its bombing and artillery fire, claiming it had no way to tell who was civilian and who was not.   in a flight suit after landing on the USS Abraham Lincoln to give his 'Mission Accomplished' speech about the Iraq War on May 1, 2003. 
And the best estimates of civilians killed in U.S. and Israeli urban wars don't provide any basis for moral superiority. A survey of Baghdad's hospitals by the Los Angeles Times in May 2003 produced an estimate of at least 1,700 civilians killed in the first five weeks of American war. The estimate included those who had died in ground fighting and from unexploded ordnance, but even with those contributing factors subtracted from the total, it would still be far greater than those killed in the assault on east Aleppo on a weekly basis. 
The three-week Israeli war on Gaza City in 2009 and the seven-week war on Gaza in 2014 were also far deadlier than Aleppo. The former killed 773 civilians, according to an investigation by the Israeli human rights organization B'Tselem. The latter killed 1,473 Palestinian civilians, according to the UN Office of Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . 
The one feature of the Russian-Syrian air offensive on east Aleppo that seems most clearly to violate the laws of war is the targeting of hospitals. Media accounts have referred to air strikes with barrel bombs that have hit two major hospitals in the rebel-held part of the city. 
The Syrian government has been acting as though it regards the hospitals in eastern Aleppo as serving the Nusra Front command, and the hospitals, which are under intense pressure from the militants who run that part of Aleppo, have fed the government's suspicions. 
As a detailed report by Doctors Without Borders (MSF) on the air strikes that hit the Al Quds hospital on April 27 explains, the local organization that created a new system of hospitals in 2011 decided not to declare the hospitals openly but to keep them 'underground' '“ meaning secret from the government. 
In fact, of course, the government knows perfectly well where all 10 hospitals in east Aleppo are located. The April 27 air strike that damaged the Al Quds hospital shows how the government has responded. It began with an air strike that destroyed a building across the street from the hospital. The building was a school, but former residents of east Aleppo who have gotten out have confirmed that organizations associated with the al-Qaeda-dominated command have located their offices in schools to try to hide their staff. 
Within a few minutes of the initial strike, according to the MSF account, Al Quds hospital staff were pulling survivors out of the rubble and taking them across the street to the emergency room, whereupon the Syrian air force dropped a barrel bomb at the entrance to the emergency room, killing several of the hospital staff, including one doctor. Then it dropped one close enough to the side of the hospital to hit the emergency room and, minutes later, hit a building down the block where hospital staff were staying. 
Such attacks on those who try to save the lives of survivors of bombing attacks '“ sometimes called 'double tap' attacks' '“ are rightly condemned as violations of humanitarian law. And the belief that the staff at the hospital are operating in effect as medics for the adversary's military does not justify attacking it and the wounded sheltered there. 
But such violations of the laws of war are hardly unique to Aleppo or Syria. 
Hardly Unique 
U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan have hit rescuers or mourners after hitting their initial targets in numerous documented cases . In the 2009 Gaza attacks, the Israeli military argued that Hamas fighters were using hospitals to hide from Israeli bombing, but offered no valid evidence to support it, as the Goldstone Report showed . An Israeli strike caused a huge explosion in a residential area in Gaza during the Israeli assault on Gaza in 2008-2009. (Photo credit: Al Jazeera) 
In 2014, the Israelis completely destroyed the Al-Wafa hospital in an air strike recorded for public release after claiming falsely that it had been fired on by Palestinian gunmen. 
In its wars in Gaza and in Lebanon, the IDF has gone well beyond the Russian and Syrian Aleppo campaign in refusing to recognize any distinction between civilian targets. It not only targeted civilian offices in both Gaza wars, but treated entire areas of the city as a legitimate target, on the premise that all civilians had been ordered to leave. 
And in both Gaza and in Beirut suburb of Dahiya , the IDF levelled several high-rise buildings where they believed Hezbollah had offices. The IDF called it the 'Dahiya doctrine', and threatened 'great damage and destruction' on any adversary in any future war in the region. 
Heavy bombing in a city is inherently fraught with moral risk, and attacks on genuine civilian targets can never be excused. But such practices have been carried out and legitimized in the past by the very government that is now claiming the role of moral and legal arbiter. That hypocrisy needs to be recognized and curbed as well. 
Gareth Porter is an independent investigative journalist and winner of the 2012 Gellhorn Prize for journalism. He is the author of the newly published Manufactured Crisis: The Untold Story of the Iran Nuclear Scare. [This article originally appeared at Middle East Eye.]
ARTICLE

How World War III Could Start November 3, 2016 
The U.S. acts as if its military has an inalienable right to operate close to the borders of other nations and those nations have no right to see these actions as provocative, writes Jonathan Marshall. 
By Jonathan Marshall 
If humanity ever suffers a Third World War, chances are good it will start in some locale distant from the United States like the Baltic or South China Seas, the Persian Gulf, or Syria, where Washington and its rivals play daily games of 'chicken' with lethal air and naval forces. 
Far from enhancing U.S. security, the aggressive deployment of U.S. armed forces in these and other hot spots around the world may be putting our very survival at risk by continuously testing and prodding other military powers. What our military gains from forward deployment, training exercises, and better intelligence may be more than offset by the unnecessary provocation of hostile responses that could escalate into uncontrollable conflicts. Lockheed-Martin's F-35 war plane. 
The most obvious example is Russia, which top Pentagon officials like to remind us 'poses an existential threat to the United States' by virtue of its huge nuclear arsenal. So it was discomforting to learn a few days ago that U.S. and Russian warplanes are experiencing near misses in Syrian airspace 'once every 10 days-ish,' in the words of Air Force Lt. Gen. Jeff Harrigian. 
The risk of war with Russia would skyrocket , of course, if the United States were to try to impose a 'no-fly-zone.' 
Potentially deadly incidents aren't confined to Syria. In September , a Russian fighter jet flew within 10 feet of a U.S. Navy spy plane over the Black Sea. Six months ago, reacting to an increase in NATO war games and maneuvers, Russian aircraft buzzed a U.S. Navy destroyer conducting exercises with Poland in the Baltic Sea. 
  declared that the United States would have had every right to shoot down the plane. The Russians, noting that the exercises were taking place near the base of their Baltic Fleet, insisted they were simply exercising their rights to fly. 
A couple of days later, a Russian jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane in the same region. A Pentagon spokesman condemned the Russian pilot's 'aggressive' and 'unprofessional' maneuvers that could 'escalate tensions between countries.' A Russian spokesman said its air defense forces had reacted prudently to 'an unidentified target rapidly approaching the Russian border.' 
Indignant over Iran 
In the Persian Gulf, the U.S. Navy recorded 19 dangerous confrontations with Iranian vessels during the first half of this year, up from 10 in the same period in 2015. Another 11 such confrontations reportedly took place this July and August. Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei speaks to a crowd. (Iranian government photo) 
The most notorious incident, of course, occurred this January, when Iranian gunboats detained 10 U.S. Navy sailors for a day after they strayed into Iranian waters. The Obama administration, which had recently negotiated a nuclear accord with Iran, chose not to inflate the incident. In contrast, a trivial engagement between a U.S. Navy vessel and unarmed Iranian patrol boats in January 2008 fired up   and came perilously close to triggering another Tonkin Gulf Incident. 
Although Iran is not a nuclear power, it could be a regional menace if drawn into war, with ballistic missiles capable of reaching Israel and Saudi oil fields, and mines that could make the Persian Gulf virtually impassable. 
U.S. air and naval forces also engage in dangerous confrontations every few months with China, a nuclear state and the world's fastest-rising conventional military power. 
In late October, China's Defense Ministry protested an allegedly 'illegal' and 'intentionally provocative' patrol by the guided missile destroyer USS Decatur, which was sailing close to the Paracel Islands in the South China Sea to protest Chinese maritime claims. The Chinese vowed to increase their own air and maritime patrols to 'resolutely defend national sovereignty and security.' 
This summer, in the space of less than a month, Chinese fighter jets twice intercepted U.S. Air Force RC-135 spy planes off of China's coast. The Pentagon decried the Chinese response as dangerously 'unsafe,' while the Chinese complained that U.S. insistence on carrying out 'close reconnaissance activities against China . . . severely undermines China's maritime security.' 
Similar confrontations and now commonplace . They offer frightening reminders of the infamous 2001 Hainan Incident, which was triggered when two Chinese fighter jets intercepted a Navy EP-3 spy plane operating near the Paracel Islands and Hainan Island. One Chinese pilot maneuvered too close to the American plane and died when his cockpit was crushed. The damaged EP-3 and its crew managed to make an unauthorized emergency landing on Hainan. The George W. Bush administration brought the crew '” but not the spy plane '” home only after sending a letter of regret to defuse the international incident. 
As geopolitical analyst Michael Moran observed at the time, 'The drama of this aerial collision underscores an important and little-known post-Cold War reality: America's surveillance network has grown so vast and formidable that in some respects it is feared as much as U.S. weaponry itself.' 
Trouble with Aerial Spying 
Of course, aerial spying first became a cause celÃ¨bre during the Cold War when the Soviets shot down Gary Powers and his U-2 spy plane in 1960. The resulting diplomatic crisis derailed a promising international summit on nuclear disarmament. Islands at the center of the territorial dispute between China and Japan. (Image credit: Jackopoid) 
Since then, the tempo of spy flights has dramatically increased , despite the availability of satellites to monitor the world. 
'On any given day, there are more than a dozen 'strategic' reconnaissance flights, supplemented by dozens of shorter range missions by tactical listening aircraft and helicopters,' reported William Arkin after the Hainan Incident. 
Unlike satellites, intrusive planes trigger their targets' radar systems, light up their communications networks, and provoke military command responses. That's why American military leaders value the tactical intelligence they provide. That's also why countries like China view them with such hostility. 
The spy flight that triggered the Hainan Incident cost only one life, but history shows the risks can be far greater, especially during times of great political tension. 
For example, U.S. spy flights along the Soviet Union's eastern border helped provoke the tragic downing of a Korean Air Lines passenger jet in September 1983, when it strayed into sensitive Soviet airspace over military facilities in the Far East. The loss of 269 lives was terrible enough, but the resulting propaganda barrage from the Reagan administration helped arouse fears in the Kremlin into that war with the United States might be imminent. 
The two jittery superpowers came dangerously close to nuclear war later that month when Soviet early warning systems falsely reported the launch of U.S. Minuteman missiles. 
Military professionals in the United States and many of its rivals generally contain these incidents rather than letting them get out of hand. But accidents, miscalculations, and political opportunism pose ever-present risks of escalating small engagements into much larger military confrontations. 
There's plenty of blame to go around. But at the end of the day, what's striking is that virtually every one of these dangerous incidents takes place as a result of U.S. military patrols or exercises near the borders of countries with whom we are ostensibly at peace, not while defending our own borders. 
Americans raised on a pervasive ideology of 'exceptionalism' all too easily assume that our far-flung military presence is simply the natural order of things, and that any challenge to it must be countered. A little reflection, however, should suggest why countries '” like Russia, China and Iran '” grow hostile and even paranoid as they are tested almost daily by the air and naval forces of a superpower. Even if we do not appreciate their point of view, we should seriously ask whether our military really serves U.S. security interests by provoking new opportunities for deadly confrontations almost daily.
ARTICLE

Obama's Last Stand Against War on Syria November 4, 2016 
Exclusive: For five years, President Obama has resisted neocon/liberal-interventionist pressure to go to war against Syria, but '“ as his departure grows near '“ the hawks see more 'regime change' wars coming into view, says Joe Lauria. 
By Joe Lauria 
Through five years of war in Syria, President Obama has been in a constant internal struggle with hawks in his administration who want the U.S. to directly intervene militarily to overthrow the Syrian government. 
On at least four occasions Obama has stood up to them, although at other times he has compromised and gone half way toward the hawkish position. Now, with less than three months to go in office, Obama appears to be leaving his Syria policy to those aligned with the lead hawk who might soon take Obama's place. President Barack Obama in the Oval Office. 
As Secretary of State until early 2013, Hillary Clinton failed to convince Obama to consistently take a tough line on Syria. She wanted him to realize her two main policies, which she still clings to: a 'safe zone' on the ground and a 'no-fly zone' in the air '“ meaning that Syrian government forces and their allies, including the Russians, would be barred from operating in those areas. 
Protected by U.S. air power and other military means, rebels seeking to oust Syrian President Bashar al-Assad would, in effect, have an untouchable staging area to launch attacks on the government without its ability to hit back. Clinton has called removing Assad a top foreign policy priority. 
Clinton followed a similar model in 2011 when she convinced a reluctant Obama to adopt a plan in Libya to overthrow Muammar Gaddafi under the pretext of 'protecting civilians' when Gaddafi launched an offensive against rebels in eastern Libya whom he identified as terrorists. After the U.S. and European military intervention, Gaddafi was ousted, tortured and murdered '“ prompting Clinton to quip 'we came, we saw, he died' '“ but the 'regime change' turned Libya into a failed state. 
Indeed, the Libyan chaos '“ now with three rival governments and terrorist enclaves '“ has become emblematic of the disarray following 'regime change' that has marked nearly two decades of neoconservative influence in Washington, a strategy of dividing and weakening defiant states while U.S. contractors profit from the chaos that bleeds the locals to death. 
Lost Lessons 
Obama learned from Libya, which he deemed his biggest regret for having no plan for the aftermath. The fiasco left him deeply skeptical about intervention in Syria, although '“ given his prescient opposition to the 2003 invasion of Iraq '“ he should have already understood what happens after the U.S. overthrows regimes these days. Ousted Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi shortly before he was murdered on Oct. 20, 2011. 
In the early years of the CIA '” in Syria in 1949, Iran in 1953, and Guatemala in 1954, as illegal and as unjustified as those coups were '” the agency had viable leaders groomed to take over. But all that changed after the Cold War ended. Then careless wishful thinking replaced any careful planning. 
'We can use our military in the Middle East and the Soviets won't stop us,' arch-neocon Paul Wolfowitz boasted before the Iraq invasion. 
Today neoconservatives and liberal interventionists (such as Clinton) act like gamblers who can't leave the table. Disasters for Iraqis, Libyans and others haven't dissuaded these American war advocates from pushing more chips onto the table over Syria. Indeed, their failures '“ and the lack of any personal accountability for their catastrophes '“ seem to have only emboldened them to keep gambling. 
These 'regime change' schemes '“ in the guise of 'spreading democracy' in the Middle East '“ have only spread chaos and terrorism, but those conditions only give the hawks more reasons and excuses to intervene, thus creating more chaos and making more money, while weakening nations defying Washington. 
Clinton began laying a bet on 'regime change' in Damascus by pushing to arm rebels in the summer of 2012. One of her leaked emails explains her motive: to break up the Teheran to Damascus to southern Lebanon supply line to Hezbollah '” a longstanding Israeli objective. 
At that point, Obama refused to arm the rebels, but the President apparently didn't have full control over his national security bureaucracy, which seemed to have found ways to aid the Syrian rebels despite Obama's reluctance, possibly by encouraging U.S. regional allies, including Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Turkey and Israel. 
An August 2012 Defense Intelligence Agency document , which was made public last year, showed that U.S. intelligence agencies were well aware of where these operations were headed, with or without Obama's approval. 
Ret. Gen. Mike Flynn, who ran the DIA at the time, has said it was a 'willful decision' in Washington to support a 'Salafist principality' '” a safe area for jihadist rebels '” in eastern Syria to put pressure on Assad's government in Damascus. Flynn didn't say who in Washington ultimately decided on this risky scheme, but the DIA document warned that the Salafists could join with jihadists from Iraq to form an 'Islamic State.' And indeed two years later, that was exactly what happened. 
While this 'Salafist principality' was gestating in summer 2013, Obama again showed some independence on Syria after assessing the disastrous consequences of the Clinton-led 'regime change' in Libya, i.e., a failed state radiating arms and jihadis to Syria and the Sahel. 
However, at this point '“ battered by think-tank and media commentaries decrying him as 'soft' and 'weak' '“ Obama compromised with the hawks and eventually agree d to arm and train some of the rebels, supposedly the 'moderate' kind. But he resisted pressure to launch cruise missiles against Syrian government targets after his 'red line' was supposedly crossed by a chemical weapons attack outside Damascus that killed hundreds of people. 
As we now know, the CIA did not think it was a 'slam dunk' that the Syrian government did it, though the mainstream U.S. media imposed a 'group think' blaming the sarin attack on Assad. But significant evidence pointed to the rebels trying to create an incident that would draw the U.S. military into the war directly on the jihadist side. 
Sensing that a trap was being laid to entice the U.S. into another Mideast war, Obama instead took Russia's offer to have Syria give up its chemical weapons stocks, which in time it did, infuriating the neocons. 
An Even Bolder Putin Offer 
Russian President Vladimir Putin followed with another offer to the United States in September 2015, delivered from the podium of the U.N. General Assembly. He proposed joint U.S.-Russian airstrikes against the now fully formed Islamic State and associated jihadists. Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses UN General Assembly on Sept. 28, 2015. (UN Photo) 
More than three years earlier, I reported that Russia's motive to support Assad was to stop the spread of jihadism that threatened the West and Russia. Before the U.N., Putin put it on the record, invoking the World War II alliance between the Soviet Union and the West to confront a greater threat, Nazism. 
'Similar to the anti-Hitler coalition, it could unite a broad range of parties willing to stand firm against those who, just like the Nazis, sow evil and hatred of humankind,' Putin said. 
By then, the jihadists had clearly become the greater evil in Syria with their practice of decapitating Western hostages as well as locals deemed religious 'apostates.' In time Islamic State also would plan or inspire terror attacks in France, Belgium, Germany, Egypt and the United States. By contrast, Assad was an undemocratic leader governing a police state but he posed no threat to the West. 
However, by 2015, the demonization of Vladimir Putin was well underway and his offer was spurned by Western leaders. Obama, who faced mainstream ridicule for 'failing to enforce his red line' in Syria and for not being tough enough on Russia, joined in rejecting Putin's offer. 
We now know why. In a leaked audio conversation with Syrian opposition figures in September, Secretary of State John Kerry said the U.S., rather than seriously fight Islamic State in Syria, was ready to use the growing strength of the jihadists to pressure Assad to resign, just as outlined in the DIA document. 
'We know that this was growing, we were watching, we saw that Daesh [a derisive name for Islamic State] was growing in strength, and we thought Assad was threatened,' Kerry said. 'We thought however we could probably manage that Assad might then negotiate, but instead of negotiating he got Putin to support him.' 
Russia began its military intervention in late September 2015 without the United States, with the Kremlin's motives made abundantly clear by Putin and other Russian officials. 
For instance, last month, Putin told French TV channel TF1: 'Remember what Libya or Iraq looked like before these countries and their organizations were destroyed as states by our Western partners' forces? '¦ These states showed no signs of terrorism. They were not a threat for Paris, for the Cote d'Azur, for Belgium, for Russia, or for the United States. Now, they are the source of terrorist threats. Our goal is to prevent the same from happening in Syria.' 
Such clear explanations are rarely reported clearly by Western corporate media, which instead peddles the line from officials and think tanks that Russia is trying to recover lost imperial glory in the Middle East. 
Worries about Damascus 
But Kerry knew why Russia intervened. 'The reason Russia came in is because ISIL [another acronym for Islamic State] was getting stronger, Daesh was threatening the possibility of going to Damascus, and that's why Russia came in because they didn't want a Daesh government and they supported Assad,' he said in the leaked discussion. Kerry's comment suggests that the U.S. was willing to risk Islamic State and its jihadist allies gaining power in order to oust Assad. Secretary of State John Kerry with Samantha Power, U.S. Permanent Representative to the U.N., at the U.N. General Assembly on Sept. 20, 2016. (UN Photo) 
Kerry's comments echoed those of senior Israeli officials who have pronounced the 'Shiite crescent' from Iran through Syria to Hezbollah's territory in Lebanon as Israel's greatest strategic threat and have expressed a preference for an Al Qaeda or even an Islamic State victory in Syria to shatter that centerpiece of the 'Shiite crescent.' 
In September 2013, in one of the most explicit expressions of Israel's views, its Ambassador to the United States Michael Oren, then a close adviser to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, told the Jerusalem Post that Israel favored the Sunni extremists over Assad. 
'The greatest danger to Israel is by the strategic arc that extends from Tehran, to Damascus to Beirut. And we saw the Assad regime as the keystone in that arc,' Oren told the Jerusalem Post in an interview . 'We always wanted Bashar Assad to go, we always preferred the bad guys who weren't backed by Iran to the bad guys who were backed by Iran.' He said this was the case even if the 'bad guys' were affiliated with Al Qaeda. 
In June 2014, Oren reiterated his position at an Aspen Institute conference. Then, speaking as a former ambassador, Oren said Israel would even prefer a victory by Islamic State, which was then massacring captured Iraqi soldiers and beheading Westerners, than the continuation of the Iranian-backed Assad in Syria. 
'From Israel's perspective, if there's got to be an evil that's got to prevail, let the Sunni evil prevail,' Oren said. 
Israel's preference extended into a tacit alliance with Al Qaeda's Nusra Front in Syria, with which the Israelis developed essentially a non-aggression pact, even caring for Nusra fighters in Israeli hospitals and mounting lethal air attacks inside Syria against Lebanese and Iranian advisers to the Syrian military. 
In hoping that the jihadists could spearhead the overthrow of Assad while somehow not achieving a full-scale victory, U.S. officials may have thought they could somehow eat their cake and have it, too. 
Yet, that represents a major risk, essentially assuming that Assad would step down in some orderly transition of power rather than be ousted in a chaotic fight to the finish. But U.S. officials were apparently willing to take the chance of an Al Qaeda/Islamic State victory in Damascus. 
Putin warned the General Assembly about such a gamble with terrorism: 'The Islamic State itself did not come out of nowhere. It was initially developed as a weapon against undesirable secular regimes.' He added that it was irresponsible 'to manipulate extremist groups and use them to achieve your political goals, hoping that later you'll find a way to get rid of them or somehow eliminate them.' 
Stopping the Jihadists 
Russia's intervention seriously reversed the jihadists' advances, alarming Saudi Arabia and Turkey. In February, they demanded that the U.S. support their invasion of Syria. It was a momentous moment for Obama: Would he risk war with Russia to save another 'regime change' project? Video of the Russian SU-24 exploding in flames inside Syrian territory after it was shot down by Turkish air-to-air missiles on Nov. 24, 2015. 
U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter, a committed neocon, 'welcomed' the Saudi-Turk plan to launch an invasion by air from Turkey's Incirlik NATO air base and by land through the wastelands of Jordan or western Iraq. The Saudis staged a 30,000-man invasion war game in the desert. But Obama again stood up for reason and stopped it, at least for a time. 
In July, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his backers crushed an attempted coup . Erdogan seized the opportunity to eliminate almost all opposition to his near-total one-man rule. By late August, Erdogan was ready to make his next move with no one left in Turkey to oppose him. 
On Aug. 24, with U.S. air cover, Turkey invaded Syria. This time Obama did not stop him. Washington clearly approved as its planes protected Turkish tanks and infantry rolling across the border. Vice President Joe Biden was in Ankara a day before the invasion. 
The pretext was to fight Islamic State, but it became clear immediately that Turkey's main target was to block advances by the Syrian Kurds, one of Islamic State's toughest foes on the ground. The U.S. protested those attacks, but Washington surely knew what Turkey's intentions were. 
The date '“ Aug. 24 '“ was significant because it was the 500 th anniversary of the start of the Ottoman empire when the Ottomans left Turkey and invaded their first country '” Syria. 
It was hardly a coincidence when one considers Erdogan's history. He spurred a violent police crackdown in Istanbul's Ghezi Park in 2013 against demonstrators protesting his plan to build a replica of an Ottoman barracks in the park. In April, Erdogan named a new bridge over the Bosphorus after Osman, founder of the Ottoman Empire. 
An initial target of the invasion also was significant. On Oct. 16, Turkish-backed rebels captured the Syrian town of Dabiq from Islamic State, the site of a victory in 1516 that established the Ottoman Empire. 
Listening to Russia 
Still, Obama continued to drag his heels regarding a deeper U.S. role in Syria. Obama resisted the hawks again this summer by allowing Kerry to negotiate with Russia on Putin's offer at the U.N.: to form a military alliance against Islamic State and Al Qaeda in Syria. Russia's 2015 entry had turned the tide of the war in Syria's favor but the war against the insurgency has stalled in Aleppo, where a third of the city remains largely under Al Qaeda control. Map of Syria. 
While Obama publicly slammed the Russians, projecting that they were on an imperial adventure that would wind up in a quagmire (exactly what has afflicted U.S. imperial adventures in various theaters), he kept plans for a safe zone and no-fly zone on hold. 
Nearly a year after Putin's U.N. offer and after months of intermittent talks, Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Sept. 9 finally reached a deal to jointly fight terrorists in Syria. It was clear the agreement would ground the Syrian air force, resume humanitarian aid and agree on the identity of rebels to be jointly attacked, but U.S. officials insisted the terms remain secret. 
But Defense Secretary Ash Carter made no secret of his objection. On Sept. 8, he said : 'In the current circumstance, it is not possible for the United States to associate itself with '” let alone to cooperate in '” a venture that is only fueling violence and civil war.' 
It was an extraordinary act of insubordination for which Carter was not punished. Once again Obama chose not to completely stand up to the hawks while authorizing a policy that they opposed. 
But then Carter's objection to the deal went beyond words. Two days before it was to go into effect, warplanes from the U.S. military coalition killed more than 60 Syrian soldiers near Deir ez Zor in an air strike the Pentagon later said was an 'accident.' U.N. Ambassador Samantha Power was hardly repentant as she condemned Russia's attempt to discuss the incident at the Security Council as a 'stunt.' 
Four days later, a U.N. aid convoy was attacked near Aleppo, killing more than 20 aid workers. The U.S. immediately blamed Russian air strikes without presenting any evidence. Russia says rebels were responsible. The U.S.-Russia deal was dead. 
Moscow eventually revealed the deal's terms. At its heart was the separation of U.S.-backed rebels from Al Qaeda, which dominates a third of Aleppo. But once again, despite repeated pledges to do so, the U.S. government failed to separate them. Indeed, some 'moderate' groups double-downed on their alliance with Al Qaeda. 
Syria and Russia had enough and declared all rebels fighting with Al Qaeda to be fair game. They commenced a furious bombardment of east Aleppo to crush the insurgency there once and for all. Putting all of Aleppo back into government hands would be a major turning point in the war but it has not proven easy. Instead the fierce aerial assaults have claimed numerous civilian lives, handing Russia's opponents a public relations coup. 
Complaints of War Crimes 
Washington, London and Paris are leading the chorus of war crimes accusations against Russia (though the U.S. and Britain invaded Iraq without Security Council authorization in an act of aggression that led to the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and can reasonably be seen as the supreme war crime.) British Prime Minister Tony Blair and U.S. President George W. Bush shake hands after a joint White House press conference on Nov. 12, 2004. (White House photo) 
Russia's actions in Aleppo have been compared to Israel's in Gaza. Two U.N. reports have said Israel may have been guilty of war crimes in 2012 and 2014 attacks on Gaza, but Israel has not been prosecuted at the International Criminal Court. 
The differences between Gaza and Aleppo are stark, however. Gazans are an indigenous people attacked by an Occupying Power. Syria and Russia are attacking the occupiers of east Aleppo '“ many of them foreign-backed mercenaries. 
People in Gaza cannot escape the city because of their attackers, while people in east Aleppo can't escape because civilians who attempt to leave come under sniper fire. Also, rebel rockets fired from east Aleppo into west Aleppo kill large numbers of civilians, unlike Hamas' rockets fired into Israel. 
But the most significant difference between the two cases of terrible human suffering is that the West defends Israel and deflects charges of war crimes while it accuses Russia and Syria of war crimes. 
Isolated from the context of the entire Syrian war against a foreign-backed rebellion, the battle for east Aleppo (usually reported as the whole city) has been framed by Western liberal media in the same way Sarajevo was in the 1990s. 
Then a highly complex war was boiled down to one battle, where Bosnian Serbs fired into civilian areas as part of a larger war aim (although the attacks were portrayed as simply a lust to kill civilians). Today it is Russia that Is accused of acting out of the pure intent to kill civilians with no other motive. 
The media's reaction to the bombardment of east Aleppo has led to a sharp increase in rabid calls for Western military intervention against the Syrian government and possibly against Russia. The British parliament held a Russia-bashing session in October, including calls for war against Moscow. Neocon newspapers, such as The Washington Post, are itching for battle. A British general said the U.K. would be ready to fight Russia in two years '” enough time for a Clinton administration to prepare. 
Already, U.S. neocons and liberal hawks are dreaming about 'regime change' in Moscow with Putin replaced by a Wall Street-friendly leader like Boris Yeltsin who let Western interests plunder Russia's resources during the 1990s. Yet, that may be just another example of the U.S. failure to anticipate the likely consequences of interventions. 
Even if Russia could be destabilized sufficiently to unseat Putin, the more likely result would be the rise of a fierce Russian nationalist, not a pro-Western 'liberal' in the mold of Yeltsin. That might increase the risks of nuclear war, rather than give the West another compliant Russia. 
Plus, Putin would not be easily ousted, especially given his strong popular support, according to opinion polls. Indeed, some internal criticism of Putin has been that he has tried too hard to accommodate the West. 
But Washington's modus operandi has been to continually provoke and blame a country until it becomes an adversary and stands up for itself, as Putin's Russia has done. Then, the West accuses the country of 'aggression' and justifies attacks against it as 'self-defense.' 
We see these winds of war blowing in Ukraine, the Baltics, Poland and the Balkans '” with NATO's military posturing to counter 'Russian aggression''” and in Syria, where neocon calls are increasing for the U.S. to strike the Syrian government. 
One More Stand 
Obama, apparently for the fourth time, kept the hawks at bay after a White House meeting last month in which military action was turned down in the face of Russia's warning that it would target attacking U.S. aircraft. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton addressing the AIPAC conference in Washington D.C. on March 21, 2016. (Photo credit: AIPAC) 
Over the past five years, Obama has been almost the only brake on keeping the Syrian conflict '” and relations with Russia '” from spiraling completely out of control. But his voice is fading as he prepares to leave office on Jan. 20, 2017. 
Into this fevered environment steps Hillary Clinton who may win the White House within the week. She continues to call for a safe zone and a no-fly zone, despite the warning last month from Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the joint chiefs, that that would mean war with Russia. 
Still, Hillary Clinton has continued pushing for a military intervention as recently as the last presidential debate. 
'I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria '¦ not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians,' Clinton declared. 
She said this after admitting in one of her paid speeches , released by Wikileaks, that a no-fly zone will 'kill a lot of Syrians.' 
The 'safe zone' is supposed to shelter internally displaced Syrians to prevent them from becoming refugees. But it could also be used as a staging ground to train and equip jihadists intent on regime change, as was done in Libya. A safe area would need ground troops to protect it, although Clinton says there will be no U.S. ground troops in Syria. 
But Turkey also has been clamoring for a safe area on the ground for the past few years. Erdogan called for one (as well as a no-fly zone in northern Syria) as recently as last September in his address to the U.N. General Assembly. 
Russia's reaction has been defiant, setting up an ominous game of chicken that could go nuclear. Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said Russia would shoot down any American plane attacking the Syrian government. Russia has also deployed sophisticated air defenses in the country. This has given U.S. brass deep pause about confronting Russia in Syria. So far Russia has come out on top there, lessening the risks of confrontation that could escalate to the most dangerous levels. 
But would Hillary Clinton back down from her harsh rhetoric if she's elected? Or would she appoint more hawkish military leaders? Obama's half-way measures in Syria have left the door open to a Clinton administration that appears determined to ratchet up the regime change operation by calling Putin's bluff. 
She also seems poised to arm the Ukrainian government and perhaps give Putin an ultimatum: give back Crimea or else. But what if Putin calls Clinton's bluff and refuses, given the fact that the people of Crimea voted by 96 percent in a referendum to leave Ukraine and rejoin Russia? It's a roll of the dice the hawks might be ready to toss. 
Washington's hawks appear to have bested Obama this last time, since he has not stood in the way of Clinton's allies inside his administration letting Erdogan pursue his neo-Ottoman fantasy (even to the point of fighting U.S.-backed Kurds) in exchange for Turkish NATO forces establishing a safe area without U.S. ground troops. Turkey and its rebel forces already control about 490 square miles in northern Syria. 
With less than three months left in office, Obama appears to have finally surrendered on Syrian policy, ceding it to the next president. 
Joe Lauria is a veteran foreign-affairs journalist based at the U.N. since 1990. He has written for the Boston Globe, the London Daily Telegraph, the Johannesburg Star, the Montreal Gazette, the Wall Street Journal and other newspapers. He can be reached atjoelauria@gmail.com and followed on Twitter at @unjoe .
ARTICLE

Secrets of the US Election: Assange Talks to Pilger November 5, 2016 
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange denies the Russian government was the source of leaked emails about Hillary Clinton and says her 'neo-McCarthy' Russia-bashing is just part of a cover-up, in an interview with John Pilger. 
By John Pilger 
This interview was filmed in the Embassy of Ecuador in London '“ where Julian Assange is a political refugee '“ and broadcast on Nov. 5, 2016 
John Pilger: What's the significance of the FBI's intervention in these last days of the U.S. election campaign, in the case against Hillary Clinton? WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. (Photo credit: Espen Moe) 
Julian Assange : If you look at the history of the FBI, it has become effectively America's political police. The FBI demonstrated this by taking down the former head of the CIA [General David Petraeus] over classified information given to his mistress. Almost no one is untouchable. The FBI is always trying to demonstrate that no one can resist us. But Hillary Clinton very conspicuously resisted the FBI's investigation, so there's anger within the FBI because it made the FBI look weak. We've published about 33,000 of Clinton's emails when she was Secretary of State. They come from a batch of just over 60,000 emails, [of which] Clinton has kept about half '“ 30,000 '” to herself, and we've published about half. Then there are the Podesta emails we've been publishing. [John] Podesta is Hillary Clinton's primary campaign manager, so there's a thread that runs through all these emails; there are quite a lot of pay-for-play, as they call it, giving access in exchange for money to states, individuals and corporations. [These emails are] combined with the cover-up of the Hillary Clinton emails when she was Secretary of State, [which] has led to an environment where the pressure on the FBI increases. 
John Pilger: The Clinton campaign has said that Russia is behind all of this, that Russia has manipulated the campaign and is the source for WikiLeaks and its emails. 
Julian Assange : The Clinton camp has been able to project that kind of neo-McCarthy hysteria: that Russia is responsible for everything. Hilary Clinton stated multiple times, falsely, that 17   had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That is false; we can say that the Russian government is not the source. 
WikiLeaks has been publishing for ten years, and in those ten years, we have published ten million documents, several thousand individual publications, several thousand different sources, and we have never got it wrong. 
John Pilger : The emails that give evidence of access for money and how Hillary Clinton herself benefited from this and how she is benefitting politically, are quite extraordinary. I'm thinking of when the Qatari representative was given five minutes with Bill Clinton for a million dollar cheque. 
Julian Assange : And twelve million dollars from Morocco '¦ 
John Pilger: Twelve million from Morocco yeah. 
Julian Assange : For Hillary Clinton to attend [a party]. 
John Pilger: In terms of the foreign policy of the United States, that's where the emails are most revealing, where they show the direct connection between Hillary Clinton and the foundation of jihadism, of ISIL, in the Middle East. Can you talk about how the emails demonstrate the connection between those who are meant to be fighting the jihadists of ISIL, are actually those who have helped create it.   speaking with supporters at a campaign rally at Carl Hayden High School in Phoenix, Arizona,   by Gage Skidmore) 
Julian Assange : There's an early 2014 email from Hillary Clinton, not so long after she left the State Department, to her campaign manager John Podesta that states ISIL is funded by the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. Now this is   email in the whole collection, and perhaps because Saudi and Qatari money is spread all over the Clinton Foundation. Even the U.S. government agrees that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIL, or ISIS. But the dodge has always been that, well it's just some rogue Princes, using their cut of the oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that no, it is the governments of Saudi and Qatar that have been funding ISIS. 
John Pilger: The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the Saudis and the Qataris, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation while Hilary Clinton is Secretary of State and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly to Saudi Arabia. 
Julian Assange: Under Hillary Clinton, the world's largest ever arms deal was made with Saudi Arabia, [worth] more than $80 billion. In fact, during her tenure as Secretary of State, total arms exports from the United States in terms of the dollar value, doubled. 
John Pilger : Of course the consequence of that is that the notorious terrorist group called ISIL or ISIS is created largely with money from the very people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation. 
Julian Assange : Yes. 
John Pilger: That's extraordinary. 
Julian Assange : I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick; they faint as a result of [the reaction] to their ambitions. She represents a whole network of people and a network of relationships with particular states. The question is how does Hilary Clinton fit in this broader network? She's a centralizing cog. You've got a lot of different gears in operation from the big banks like Goldman Sachs and major elements of Wall Street, and Intelligence and people in the State Department and the Saudis. 
She's the centralizer that inter-connects all these different cogs. She's the smooth central representation of all that, and 'all that' is more or less what is in power now in the United States. It's what we call the establishment or the DC consensus. One of the more significant Podesta emails that we released was about how the Obama cabinet was formed and how half the Obama cabinet was basically nominated by a representative from Citibank. This is quite amazing. 
John Pilger: Didn't Citibank supply a list '¦. ? 
Julian Assange : Yes. 
John Pilger: '¦ which turned out to be most of the Obama cabinet. 
Julian Assange : Yes. 
John Pilger: So Wall Street decides the cabinet of the President of the United States? 
Julian Assange: If you were following the Obama campaign back then, closely, you could see it had become very close to banking interests. 
Julian Assange : So I think you can't properly understand Hillary Clinton's foreign policy without understanding Saudi Arabia. The connections with Saudi Arabia are so intimate. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton meets with Saudi King Abdullah in Riyadh on March 30, 2012. [State Department photo] John Pilger : Why was she so demonstrably enthusiastic about the destruction of Libya? Can you talk a little about just what the emails have told us, told you about what happened there, because Libya is such a source for so much of the mayhem now in Syria, the ISIL jihadism and so on, and it was almost Hillary Clinton's invasion. What do the emails tell us about that?
Julian Assange : Libya, more than anyone else's war, was Hillary Clinton's war. Barak Obama initially opposed it. Who was the person championing it? Hillary Clinton. That's documented throughout her emails. She had put her favored agent, Sidney Blumenthal, on to that; there's more than 1,700 emails out of the 33,000 Hillary Clinton emails that we've published, just about Libya. It's not that Libya has cheap oil. She perceived the removal of Gaddafi and the overthrow of the Libyan state '” something that she would use in her run-up to the general election for President. 
So in late 2011 there is an internal document called the Libya Tick Tock that was produced for Hillary Clinton, and it's the chronological description of how she was the central figure in the destruction of the Libyan state, which resulted in around 40,000 deaths within Libya; jihadists moved in, ISIS moved in, leading to the European refugee and migrant crisis. 
Not only did you have people fleeing Libya, people fleeing Syria, the destabilization of other African countries as a result of arms flows, but the Libyan state itself was no longer able to control the movement of people through it. Libya faces along to the Mediterranean and had been effectively the cork in the bottle of Africa. So all problems, economic problems and civil war in Africa '” previously people fleeing those problems didn't end up in Europe because Libya policed the Mediterranean. That was said explicitly at the time, back in early 2011 by Gaddafi: 'What do these Europeans think they're doing, trying to bomb and destroy the Libyan State? There's going to be floods of migrants out of Africa and jihadists into Europe,' and this is exactly what happened. 
John Pilger: You get complaints from people saying, 'What is WikiLeaks doing? Are they trying to put Trump in the White House?' 
Julian Assange: My answer is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he's had every establishment off side; Trump doesn't have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them an establishment, but banks, intelligence [agencies], arms companies '¦ big foreign money '¦ are all united behind Hillary Clinton, and the media as well, media owners and even journalists themselves. 
J ohn Pilger : There is the accusation that WikiLeaks is in league with the Russians. Some people say, 'Well, why doesn't WikiLeaks investigate and publish emails on Russia?' 
Julian Assange: We have published about 800,000 documents of various kinds that relate to Russia. Most of those are critical; and a great many books have come out of our publications about Russia, most of which are critical. Our [Russia] documents have gone on to be used in quite a number of court cases: refugee cases of people fleeing some kind of claimed political persecution in Russia, which they use our documents to back up. 
John Pilger : Do you yourself take a view of the U.S. election? Do you have a preference for Clinton or Trump? Donald Trump speaking with supporters at a campaign rally at the Arizona State Fairgrounds in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Julian Assange: [Let's talk about] Donald Trump. What does he represent in the American mind and in the European mind? He represents American white trash, [which Hillary Clinton called] 'deplorable and irredeemable'. It means from an establishment or educated cosmopolitan, urbane perspective, these people are like the red necks, and you can never deal with them. Because he so clearly '” through his words and actions and the type of people that turn up at his rallies '” represents people who are not the middle, not the upper-middle educated class, there is a fear of seeming to be associated in any way with them, a social fear that lowers the class status of anyone who can be accused of somehow assisting Trump in any way, including any criticism of Hillary Clinton. If you look at how the middle class gains its economic and social power, that makes absolute sense. 
John Pilger: I'd like to talk about Ecuador, the small country that has given you refuge and [political asylum] in this embassy in London. Now Ecuador has cut off the Internet from here where we're doing this interview, in the Embassy, for the clearly obvious reason that they are concerned about appearing to intervene in the U.S. election campaign. Can you talk about why they would take that action and your own views on Ecuador's support for you? 
Julian Assange : Let's let go back four years. I made an asylum application to Ecuador in this embassy, because of the U.S. extradition case, and the result was that after a month, I was successful in my asylum application. The embassy since then has been surrounded by police: quite an expensive police operation which the British government admits to spending more than Â£12.6 million. They admitted that over a year ago. Now there's undercover police and there are robot surveillance cameras of various kinds '” so that there has been quite a serious conflict right here in the heart of London between Ecuador, a country of 16 million people, and the United Kingdom, and the Americans who have been helping on the side. So that was a brave and principled thing for Ecuador to do. Now we have the U.S. election [campaign], the Ecuadorian election is in February next year, and you have the White House feeling the political heat as a result of the true information that we have been publishing. 
WikiLeaks does not publish from the jurisdiction of Ecuador, from this embassy or in the territory of Ecuador; we publish from France, we publish from, from Germany, we publish from The Netherlands and from a number of other countries, so that the attempted squeeze on WikiLeaks is through my refugee status; and this is, this is really intolerable. [It means] that [they] are trying to get at a publishing organization; [they] try and prevent it from publishing true information that is of intense interest to the American people and others about an election. Ecuadoran President Rafael Correa. 
John Pilger: Tell us what would happen if you walked out of this embassy. 
Julian Assange : I would be immediately arrested by the British police and I would then be extradited either immediately   or to Sweden. In Sweden I am not charged, I have already been previously cleared [by the Senior Stockholm Prosecutor Eva Finne]. We were not certain exactly what would happen there, but then we know that the Swedish government has refused to say that they will not extradite me   we know they have extradited 100 per cent of people whom the U.S. has requested since at least 2000. So over the last 15 years, every single person the U.S. has tried to extradite from Sweden has been extradited, and they refuse to provide a guarantee [that won't happen]. 
John Pilger: People often ask me how you cope with the isolation in here. 
Julian Assange: Look, one of the best attributes of human beings is that they're adaptable; one of the worst attributes of human beings is they are adaptable. They adapt and start to tolerate abuses, they adapt to being involved themselves in abuses, they adapt to adversity and they continue on. So in my situation, frankly, I'm a bit institutionalized '” this [the embassy] is the world '¦ it's visually the world [for me]. 
John Pilger: It's the world without sunlight, for one thing, isn't it? 
Julian Assange: It's the world without sunlight, but I haven't seen sunlight in so long, I don't remember it. 
John Pilger : Yes. 
Julian Assange: So, yes, you adapt. The one real irritant is that my young children '” they also adapt. They adapt to being without their father. That's a hard, hard adaption which they didn't ask for. 
John Pilger: Do you worry about them? 
Julian Assange : Yes, I worry about them; I worry about their mother. 
John Pilger: Some people would say, 'Well, why don't you end it and simply walk out the door and allow yourself to be extradited to Sweden?' 
Julian Assange : The U.N. [the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention] has looked into this whole situation. They spent 18 months in formal, adversarial litigation. [So it's] me and the U.N. versus Sweden and the U.K. Who's right? The U.N. made a conclusion that I am being arbitrarily detained illegally, deprived of my freedom and that what has occurred has not occurred within the laws that the United Kingdom and Sweden, and that [those countries] must obey. It is an illegal abuse. It is the United Nations formally asking, 'What's going on here? What is your legal explanation for this? [Assange] says that you should recognize his asylum.' [And here is] 
Sweden formally writing back to the United Nations to say, 'No, we're not going to [recognize the UN ruling],' so leaving open their ability to extradite. 
I just find it absolutely amazing that the narrative about this situation is not put out publicly in the press, because it doesn't suit the Western establishment narrative '” that yes, the West has political prisoners, it's a reality, it's not just me, there's a bunch of other people as well. The West has political prisoners. Of course, no state accepts [that it should call] the people it is imprisoning or detaining for political reasons, political prisoners. They don't call them political prisoners in China, they don't call them political prisoners in Azerbaijan and they don't call them political prisoners in the United States, U.K. or Sweden; it is absolutely intolerable to have that kind of self-perception. 
Julian Assange : Here we have a case, the Swedish case, where I have never been charged with a crime, where I have already been cleared [by the Stockholm prosecutor] and found to be innocent, where the woman herself said that the police made it up, where the United Nations formally said the whole thing is illegal, where the State of Ecuador also investigated and found that I should be given asylum. Those are the facts, but what is the rhetoric? 
John Pilger: Yes, it's different. 
Julian Assange : The rhetoric is pretending, constantly pretending that I have been charged with a crime, and never mentioning that I have been already previously cleared, never mentioning that the woman herself says that the police made it up. 
[The rhetoric] is trying to avoid [the truth that] the U.N. formally found that the whole thing is illegal, never even mentioning that Ecuador made a formal assessment through its formal processes and found that yes, I am subject to persecution by the United States. 
John Pilger is an Australian-British journalist based in London. Pilger's Web site is: www.johnpilger.com . To support Julian Assange, go to: https://justice4assange.com/donate.html
ARTICLE

If You Wanted a Thank-You Gift'¦ November 5, 2016 
'¦from our late summer/early fall fundraiser for your donation of $125 or more '” or if you set up a recurring monthly donation '” and have not received the gift package yet, please send us an email at . 
The thank-you gift was the new edition of Robert Parry's Trick or Treason (with a new afterword by the author), plus a DVD of PBS Frontline's 'The Election Held Hostage,' co-written by Parry. 
Or, if you didn't get around to making a qualifying donation and still wish to, you can still get the book/DVD combination. Just visit our donation page to make a contribution. We'll read a donation of that size as a request for the book and DVD. 
Thanks for all your support, PBS Frontline's: The Election Held Hostage, co-written by Robert Parry
ARTICLE

NYT Admits Key Al Qaeda Role in Aleppo November 6, 2016 
Exclusive: In a backhand way, The New York Times admits that the U.S.-backed 'moderate' rebels in east Aleppo are fighting alongside Al Qaeda jihadists, an almost casual admission of this long-obscured reality, writes Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
As much as The New York Times and the mainstream U.S. media have become propaganda outlets on most foreign policy issues, like the one-sided coverage of the bloody Syrian war, sometimes the truth seeps through in on-the-ground reporting by correspondents, even ones who usually are pushing the 'propo.' 
Such was the case with Anne Barnard's new reporting from inside west Aleppo, the major portion of the city which is in government hands and copes with regular terror rocket and mortar attacks from rebel-held east Aleppo where Al Qaeda militants and U.S.-armed-and-funded 'moderate' rebels fight side-by-side. Samantha Power, Permanent Representative of the United States to the UN, addresses the Security Council meeting on Syria, Sept. 25, 2016. Power has been an advocate for escalating U.S. military involvement in Syria. (UN Photo) 
Almost in passing, Barnard's article on Sunday acknowledged the rarely admitted reality of the Al Qaeda/'moderate' rebel collaboration, which puts the United States into a de facto alliance with Al Qaeda terrorists and their jihadist allies, fighting under banners such as Nusra Front (recently renamed Syria Conquest Front) and Ahrar al-Sham. 
Barnard also finally puts the blame for preventing civilians in east Aleppo from escaping the fighting on a rebel policy of keeping them in harm's way rather than letting them transit through 'humanitarian corridors' to safety. Some of her earlier pro-rebel accounts suggested that it wasn't clear who was stopping movement of civilians through those corridors. 
However, on Sunday, she reported: 'We had arrived at a critical moment, as Russia said there was only one day left to pass through a corridor it had provided for people to escape eastern Aleppo before the rebel side was flattened, a corridor through which precious few had passed. The government says rebels are preventing civilians from leaving. Rebels refuse any evacuation without international supervision and a broader deal to deliver humanitarian aid.' 
Granted, you still have to read between the lines, but at least there is the acknowledgement that rebels are refusing civilian evacuations under the current conditions. How that is different from Islamic State terrorists in Mosul, Iraq, preventing departures from their areas '“ a practice which the Times and other U.S. outlets condemn as using women and children as 'human shields' '“ isn't addressed. But Barnard's crimped admission is at least a start. 
Barnard then writes: 'Instead [of allowing civilians to move through the humanitarian corridors], they [the rebels] are trying to break the siege, with Qaeda-linked groups and those backed by the United States working together '” the opposite of what Russia has demanded.' 
Again, that isn't the clearest description of the situation, which is stunning enough that one might have expected it in the lede rather than buried deep inside the story, but it is significant that the Times is recognizing that Al Qaeda and the U.S.-backed 'moderates' are 'working together' and that Russia opposes that collaboration. 
She also noted that 'Three Qaeda-linked suicide bombers attacked a military position with explosive-packed personnel carriers on Thursday, military officials said, and mortar fire was raining on neighborhoods that until now had been relatively safe. It was among the most intense rounds in four years of rebel shelling that officials say has killed 11,000 civilians.' 
While she then throws in a caveat about the impossibility of verifying the numbers, the acknowledgement that the U.S.-backed 'moderate' rebels and their Al Qaeda comrades have been shelling civilians in west Aleppo is significant, too. Before this, all the American people heard was the other side, from rebel-held east Aleppo, about the human suffering there, often conveyed by 'activists' with video cameras who have depicted the conflict as simply the willful killing of children by the evil Syrian government and the even more evil Russians. 
More Balance 
With the admission of rebel terror attacks on civilians in west Aleppo, the picture finally is put into more balance. The Al Qaeda and U.S.-backed rebels have been killing thousands of civilians in government-controlled areas and the Syrian military and its Russian allies have struck back only to be condemned for committing 'war crimes.' The second plane about to crash into the World Trade Center towers in New York City on Sept. 11, 2001. 
Though the human toll in both sides of Aleppo is tragic, we have seen comparable situations before '“ in which the U.S. government has supported, supplied and encouraged governments to mount fierce offensives to silence rockets or mortars fired by rebels toward civilian areas. 
For instance, senior U.S. government officials, including President Barack Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, have defended Israel's right to defend itself from rockets fired from inside Gaza even though those missile rarely kill anyone. Yet, Israel is allowed to bomb the near-defenseless people of Gaza at will, killing thousands including the four little boys blown apart in July 2014 while playing on a beach during the last round of what the Israelis call 'mowing the grass.' 
In the context of those deaths, U.S. Ambassador   Samantha Power, who has built her career as a supposed humanitarian advocating a 'responsibility to protect' civilians, laid the blame not on the Israeli military but on fighters in Gaza who had fired rockets that rarely hit anything besides sand. 
At the United Nations on July 18, 2014, Power said , ' President Obama spoke with [Israeli] Prime Minister Netanyahu this morning to reaffirm the United States' strong support for Israel's right to defend itself'¦. Hamas' attacks are unacceptable and would be unacceptable to any member state of the United Nations. Israel has the right to defend its citizens and prevent these attacks.' 
But that universal right apparently does not extend to Syria where U.S.-supplied rockets are fired into civilian neighborhoods of west Aleppo. In that case, Power and other U.S. officials apply an entirely different set of standards. Any Syrian or Russian destruction of east Aleppo with the goal of suppressing that rocket fire becomes a 'war crime.' 
Perhaps it's expected that the U.S. government, like other governments, will engage in hypocrisy regarding affairs of state: one set of rules for U.S. allies and another for countries marked for U.S. 'regime change.' Statements by supposed 'humanitarians' '“ such as Samantha Power, 'Ms. R2P' '“ are no exception. 
But double standards are even more distasteful when they come from allegedly 'objective' journalists such as those who work at The New York Times, The Washington Post and other prestige American news outlets. When they take the 'U.S. side' in a dispute and become crude propagandists, they encourage the kind of misguided 'group thinks' that led to the criminal Iraq War and other disastrous 'regime change' projects over the past two decades. 
Yet, that is what we normally see. A thoughtful reader can't peruse the international reporting of the U.S. mainstream media without realizing that it is corrupted by propaganda from both government officials and from U.S.-funded operations, often disguised as 'human rights activists' or 'citizen journalists' whose supposed independence makes their 'propo' even more effective. 
So, it's worth noting those rare occasions when The New York Times and the rest of the MSM let some of the reality peek through. When evaluating the latest plans from Hillary Clinton and other interventionists to expand the U.S. military intervention in Syria '“ via prettily named 'safe zones' and 'no-fly zones' '“ the American people should realize that they are being asked to come to the aid of Al Qaeda. 
[For more on this topic, see Consortiumnews.com's ' The De Facto US/Al Qaeda Alliance. '] 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).
ARTICLE

New York Times: Apologist for Power November 7, 2016 
Special Report: Over the past couple of decades, America's preeminent newspaper, The New York Times, has lost its journalistic way, becoming a propaganda platform and an apologist for the powerful,   
In recent years, The New York Times has behaved as if whatever the Establishment claims is true must be true, failing to show thoughtful skepticism whether the findings are coming from a congressional report, an intelligence assessment, a criminal investigation or even an outfit as disreputable as the National Football League. 
If some powerful institution asserts a conclusion, the Times falls in line and expects everyone else to do so as well. Yet, that is not journalism; it is mindless submission to authority; and it indirectly pushes many people into the swamps of conspiracy theories. After all, if professional journalists simply ratify whatever dubious claims are coming from powerful institutions, inquisitive citizens will try to fill in the blanks themselves and sometimes buy into outlandishly false speculations. New York Times building in New York City. (Photo from Wikipedia) 
In my journalistic career, I have found both extremes troubling: the Times' assumption that the authorities are almost always right and the conspiracy theorists who follow up some 'what I can't understand' comment with a patently absurd explanation and then get angry when rational people won't go along. 
Though both attitudes have become dangerous for a functioning democracy, the behavior of the Times deserves the bulk of the blame, since the 'newspaper of record' carries far more weight in setting public policy and also is partly to blame for creating this blight of conspiracism. 
Some of the Times' failures are well known, such as its 2002 front-page acceptance of claims from officials and allies of George W. Bush's administration that Iraq was reconstituting its nuclear weapons program and had purchased some aluminum tubes to do so. The Times' bogus story allowed Bush's top aides to go on Sunday talk shows to warn that 'we must not allow the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud.' 
But the 'aluminum tube' story was only part of a long-developing pattern. As an investigative reporter in Washington since 1980, I had seen the Times engage in similar publications of false stories planted by powerful insiders. 
For instance, based on self-serving information from Ronald Reagan's Justice Department in the mid-1980s, the Times knocked down the original reporting that my Associated Press colleague Brian Barger and I did on Nicaraguan Contra rebels getting involved in cocaine smuggling. 
And, once the Times got snookered by its official sources, it and other mainstream publications carried on vendettas against anyone who contradicted the accepted wisdom, unwilling to admit that they were wrong even at the expense of historical truth. 
So, when San Jose Mercury News reporter Gary Webb revived the Contra-cocaine story in 1996 '” with evidence that some of that cocaine had fed into the 'crack epidemic''” the Times (along with other major newspapers) savaged Webb's articles and destroyed his career. 
Finally, in 1998 when the CIA's Inspector General Frederick Hitz confirmed that the Contras indeed had engaged in extensive cocaine trafficking, the Times only published a grudging and limited admission that maybe there was a bit more to the story than the vaunted Times had previously accepted. But Webb's career and life remained in ruins. He eventually committed suicide in 2004 (and please, conspiracists, don't go on about how he was 'murdered' by the CIA). 
[For details,   Sordid Contra-Cocaine Saga .'] 
Hiding Gore's Victory 
By the time of Webb's destruction, the Times was neck-deep in a troubling pattern of getting virtually every major story wrong or sitting on important information that some of its own journalists had dug up. President George W. Bush and members of his national security team in Iraq in 2007 
In 2000, after five partisan Republicans on the U.S. Supreme Court shut down the vote count in Florida to ensure George W. Bush's 'election,' Times executives resisted calls from lower-level editors to join in a media counting of the discarded votes, only grumpily agreeing to take part. 
However, when that vote count was completed in November 2001, the Times executives decided to misreport the findings, which revealed that if all legal votes in Florida had been counted Al Gore would have won (because the so-called 'over-votes' '“ when a voter both marks and writes in the same name '“ broke heavily for Gore and are legal under Florida law which is based on the clear intent of the voter). 
You might have thought that the obvious lede would be that the wrong guy was in the White House, but the 9/11 attacks had intervened between the start and the end of the media recount. So, the Times and other major news organizations buried their own findings so as not to undermine Bush's authority amid a crisis. The big media focused on various hypotheticals of partial counts that still had Bush 'winning.' 
While one might sympathize with the Times' reasons for misleading the public, what the Times did was not journalism, nor was it a case of treating the American citizens as the true sovereigns of the nation who have a right to know the truth. It was a case of protecting the legitimacy of the Establishment. Those of us who noted the actual vote tabulations were dismissed as 'conspiracy theorists,' though we were not. 
[For the details of how a full Florida recount would have given Gore the White House, see Consortiumnews.com's ' Gore's Victory ,' ' So Bush Did Steal the White House ,' and ' Bush v. Gore's Dark American Decade. '] 
Rationalizing War 
So, when we got to Bush's plans for invading Iraq in 2002, the Times had already shown its commitment to play ball with whatever the government was saying, no matter how dubious the claims. And, even the humiliation of having been caught publishing a false story about aluminum tubes being evidence of Iraq reconstituting its nuclear weapons program didn't get the Times to change course. Former New York Times reporter Judith Miller. 
Although one of the reporters on that story, Judy Miller, eventually did leave the newspaper (and landed on her feet at Fox News), the lead author, Michael Gordon, continued as the Times' national security correspondent. Even more stunning, columnist Bill Keller, who wrote an influential article rallying 'liberals' to the cause of invading Iraq, was elevated to the top job of executive editor after his Iraq gullibility had been exposed. 
Even in the rare moments when the Times claimed it was standing up to the Bush administration, such as publishing James Risen's article in December 2005 exposing the warrantless wiretapping of Americans, the reality was not exactly a new chapter in Profiles in Courage. 
It turned out that the Times had been sitting on Risen's story for more than a year '“ it could have been published before the 2004 election '“ but Bush demanded the story's suppression. The information was finally shared with the public in late 2005 only because Risen's book, State of War, was scheduled for publication in January 2006 and included the disclosure, a prospective embarrassment for the Times. 
The pattern of the Times bowing down to the White House continued into the Obama administration. Whenever there has been a dubious claim that the U.S. government directs against some foreign 'adversary,' the Times dutifully takes the side of Official Washington, rather than applying the objectivity and impartiality that are supposed to be at the heart of U.S. journalism. 
For instance, on Aug. 21, 2013, when a mysterious sarin gas attack outside Damascus, Syria, killed several hundred people, the Times simply fell in line behind the U.S.-driven rush to judgment blaming the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. 
There were immediate reasons to doubt that conclusion '“ Assad had just invited in United Nations inspectors to investigate cases of Syrian jihadists using chemical weapons '“ but the Times and other major Western outlets simply fingered the already demonized Assad. 
Though we now know that U.S. intelligence analysts did not consider Assad's guilt a 'slam dunk' '“ and later key elements of the case against Assad collapsed , such as the Times' miscalculation of the maximum range of the sarin-laden rocket '“ the Assad-did-it stampede almost led to a major U.S. military retaliation against what now appears to have been the wrong people. 
Current evidence points to a likely provocation by radical jihadists trying to trick the West into entering the war in a big way on their side, but the Times has never fully retracted its false claim that the rocket was fired from a Syrian military base, which was four times outside the rocket's range. 
Indeed, to this day, Times' columnists and other Western journalists routinely cite Assad's guilt '“ and President Obama's supposed failure to enforce his 'red line' against chemical attacks '“ as flat fact. 
The MH-17 Case 
There has been a similar lack of skepticism toward the propaganda case that has been built around the July 17, 2014 shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over eastern Ukraine killing 298 people. We saw another rush to judgment, this time blaming ethnic Russian rebels and Russian President Vladimir Putin, but there were problems with that claim from the start. The Dutch Safety Board's reconstruction of where it believed the missile exploded near Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 on July 17, 2014. 
I was told by a source briefed by U.S. intelligence analysts that their evidence pointed to a rogue element of the Ukrainian military under the direction of a hard-line, anti-Russian Ukrainian oligarch with the hoped-for goal of shooting down Putin's plane returning from a state visit to South America. According to this account, MH-17 just became the substitute target. 
But the international investigation was put under the effective control of Ukraine's unsavory SBU intelligence service, although technically called 'Dutch-led.' As the Joint Investigation Team's own progress report noted this year, the inquiry relied both on the Ukrainian government's hospitality and 'evidence' supplied by the SBU, which has been implicated in concealing Ukrainian torture centers. Far from objective, the investigation became part of the West's anti-Russian propaganda war. 
So, when the JIT issued its initial findings in September 2016, skepticism should have been in order. Indeed, there wasn't really a 'report' as such, more a brief summary accompanied by several videos that used computer-generated graphics and cryptic telephone intercepts, provided by the SBU, to create the impression of Russian guilt. 
A critical examination of the material revealed that the inquiry ignored evidence that went against the desired conclusion , including intercepts revealing that a Ukrainian convoy was pressing deep inside what was called 'rebel-controlled' territory, an important point because it showed that a Ukrainian missile battery could have traveled eastward toward the alleged firing point since rebel forces were mostly massed to the north fighting a government offensive. 
The alleged route of the supposed Russian Buk battery also made no sense because there was a much more direct and discreet route from the Russian border to the alleged firing location in the southeast than the circuitous wandering all the way west to Donetsk before backtracking to the east. But the SBU-dominated investigation needed to explain why all the 'social media' photos showed a Buk battery traveling east toward Russia, not westward from Russia. 
And, there was the JIT's silence on a Dutch intelligence report from October 2015 saying that the only powerful anti-aircraft missiles in eastern Ukraine on July 17, 2014, were under the control of the Ukrainian military. Plus, the supposed firing location for the alleged purpose of protecting rebel fighters operating far to the north made no sense from a tactical perspective either. Placing a Buk battery far to the southeast would not help shoot down Ukraine's military planes firing missiles into the rebel lines. 
Indeed, much of the evidence fit better with what I had been told, second-hand, from those U.S. intelligence analysts '“ because any scheme to shoot down Putin's plane would need the deniability that would come from pushing the battery as far into 'rebel-controlled' territory as possible so as to manage the political fallout by creating a cover story that Putin was killed by his own supporters. The same cover story also would work for killing the passengers on MH-17 and blaming it on Russia. 
But whatever you might think about who was responsible for the MH-17 atrocity '” and I agree that the mystery has not been solved '” the job of a professional news organization is to examine skeptically the various accounts and the available pieces of evidence, not just embrace the 'official' version. But that is what the Times has done regarding MH-17 and pretty much every other case. 
Concealing History 
The Times' journalistic negligence does not only affect current issues of war and peace, but how the American people understand their recent history. In effect, the false 'group thinks' '“ accepted by the Times '“ have a long after-life of decay contaminating the public's thinking whenever the Times recycles a bogus account as historical narrative. President Lyndon Johnson accompanies President-elect Richard Nixon to his inauguration on Jan. 20, 1969. 
For instance, in a recent summary of 'October Surprise' cases, the Times misled its readers on two of the most important incidents, 1968 and 1980. 
Regarding the election of 1968 between Richard Nixon and Hubert Humphrey, the evidence is now overwhelming that Nixon's operatives went behind President Lyndon Johnson's back to sabotage the Paris peace talks that Johnson felt could end the Vietnam War, a development that also would likely have helped fellow Democrat Humphrey. 
That evidence now includes declassified FBI wiretaps of Nixon's conspirators and Johnson's own taped phone conversations '“ as well as various admissions and other corroborations from participants '“ but the Times has always turned up its nose toward this important story. So, the history doesn't exist in New York Times World. 
Thus, when the Times addressed this 1968 episode in a Nov. 1, 2016 review of past 'October Surprise' cases '“ in the context of FBI Director James Comey telling Congress that the FBI had reopened its investigation of Hillary Clinton's emails '“ the Times offered this summary: 
'President Lyndon Baines Johnson announced a halt to bombing of North Vietnam, based on his claim that peace talks had '˜entered a new and a very much more hopeful phase,' and he invited the government of South Vietnam and the Viet Cong to take part in negotiations. Raising hopes that the war might end soon, the announcement appeared to bolster the standing in the polls of Vice President Hubert H. Humphrey, the Democratic  , but Humphrey still fell short in the election against former Vice President Richard M. Nixon, the Republican.' 
In other words, the Times treated Johnson's bombing halt and claim of peace-talk progress as the 'October Surprise' to try to influence the election in favor of Humphrey. But the evidence now is clear that a peace agreement was within reach and that the 'October Surprise' was Nixon's sabotage of the negotiations by persuading South Vietnamese President Nguyen van Thieu to boycott the Paris meeting. 
The Times got the story upside-down and inside-out by failing to reexamine this case in light of convincing evidence now available in the declassified record. [For details, see Consortiumnews.com's ' LBJ's '˜X-File' on Nixon's '˜Treason '' and ' The Heinous Crime Behind Watergate .'] 
Reagan's Victory 
The Times botched the 1980 'October Surprise' case even worse. The currently available evidence supports the case that Ronald Reagan's campaign '“ mostly through its director (and future CIA Director) William Casey and its vice   (and former CIA Director) George H.W. Bush '“ went behind President Jimmy Carter's back and undermined his negotiations to free 52 American hostages then held in Iran. President Ronald Reagan, delivering his Inaugural Address on Jan. 20, 1981, as the 52 U.S. hostages in Iran are simultaneously released. 
Carter's failure became a central factor in his repudiation for reelection and a core reason for Reagan's landslide victory '“ that also carried the Republicans to control of the U.S. Senate. But the later congressional investigation into the 1980 October Surprise case '“ a follow-on to the Iran-Contra scandal which exposed the Reagan-Bush secret dealings with Iran '“ was stymied in 1992. 
Naively, the inquiry trusted President George H.W. Bush's administration to collect the evidence and provide the witnesses for what would amount to Bush's political suicide. Documents from Bush's presidential library reveal that his White House quickly set out to 'kill/spike this story' in order to protect his reelection chances. 
For instance, a memo by one of Bush's lawyers revealed that the White House had received confirmation of a key October Surprise allegation '“ a secret trip by Casey to Madrid '“ but then withheld that information from congressional investigators. Documents also show the White House frustrating attempts to interview a key witness. 
After I discovered the Madrid confirmation several years ago '“ and sent the document to former Rep. Lee Hamilton, who had headed the House inquiry which concluded that there was no credible evidence supporting the allegations '“ he was stunned by the apparent betrayal of his trust. 
'The [Bush-41] White House did not notify us that he [Casey] did make the trip' to Madrid, Hamilton told me in an interview. Asked if knowledge that Casey had traveled to Madrid might have changed the investigation's dismissive October Surprise conclusion, Hamilton said yes, because the question of the Madrid trip was central to the inquiry. 
So, a great deal is now known about the 1980 October Surprise case since the Times accepted the misguided conclusion of Hamilton's inquiry. But none of that is reflected in how the Times recounted the history in its review of past October Surprise cases: 
'The Republican nominee, Ronald Reagan, and his aides repeatedly warned that President Jimmy Carter, a Democrat, would try an October surprise, probably in the form of winning the release of American hostages held for more than a year in Iran. The Reagan campaign's frequent use of the term helped popularize it. Some people have since charged that Reagan aides actually tried to prevent a hostage release before the election, through back-channel communications with Iran, a claim that has been widely refuted. The hostages were freed in January 1981 '” on the day Reagan was inaugurated.' 
Yet, rather than being 'widely refuted,' the most recent evidence tends to confirm the allegations that have been made by some two dozen witnesses including a detailed account of the Reagan campaign's interference by then-Iranian President Abolhassan Bani-Sadr. But the Times seems more interested in reinforcing the false conventional wisdom than informing the American people. 
[For details, see Robert Parry's America's Stolen Narrative or Trick or Treason: The 1980 October Surprise Mystery or Consortiumnews.com's ' Second Thoughts on October Surprise. '] 
Crazy Deflategate 
Even on more trivial matters, the Times simply can't escape its pattern of accepting the word from the powerful, even when those powers-that-be are as disreputable as the executives of National Football League. New England Patriot quarterback Tom Brady. 
When the NFL decided to accuse New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady of cheating in a bizarre scheme to slightly deflate footballs in the January 2015 AFC Championship game, the Times again showed no skepticism despite the flimsiness of the accusations as well as the absence of any direct evidence '” and the official denials from Brady (under oath) and two equipment employees. 
The so-called Deflategate case was also marred by the sloppiness of the halftime measurements of the footballs and the ignorance of many NFL executives about the laws of physics and how weather affects the internal air pressure of footballs, as determined by the Ideal Gas Law. 
But the 'scandal' took on a life of its own with the NFL leaking exaggerations about the discrepancies in the initial air-pressure measurements and false claims about the proper air pressure in the footballs of the other team, the Indianapolis Colts (the one accurate gauge, used by the NFL officials, showed that the Colts' footballs were underinflated for both the first half and second half). 
Eventually, even NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell recognized many of the flaws in the case as he concluded that the only game where the footballs could have been deflated was the AFC Championship game when the Patriots' ball boy carried the footballs to the field unattended (rather than the normal practice of being accompanied by an official) and stopped briefly in a bathroom. 
But this NFL conspiracy theory '“ that the ball boy used his bathroom break to slightly deflate footballs rather than urinating as he claimed '“ made no sense because the only reason the ball boy ended up unattended was because the preceding NFC Championship had gone into overtime and the NFL decided to delay the start of the AFC game so the public could see both games. 
The sudden-death ending of the NFC game caused confusion among the officials and the ball boy took it upon himself to take the balls to the field. 
To suggest that Brady somehow anticipated that series of unlikely events so a tiny bit of air could be removed from the footballs, which would have no discernible effect except to make the balls travel slightly slower and thus easier to defend, is absurd on its face. 
But the NFL would have lost face by admitting that it had acted so absurdly '“ and rival owners saw a chance to damage the Patriots' ability to compete '“ so the Deflategate story moved on with Brady suspended for four games and the Patriots stripped of two valuable draft choices. 
A Puff Piece 
While you might say that this 'scandal' surely didn't deserve the attention that it got (and you'd be right), the Times, which treated the NFL claims as fact, didn't let go even after Brady dropped his appeals and accepted his four-game suspension. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell 
The Times devoted 2Â½ pages on Sept. 25, 2016, to a puff piece by correspondent John Branch about the 'Deflategate Scientists' from the corporate-friendly science firm, Exponent, which was hired by the NFL to produce the 'science' to justify Brady's punishment. 
Though Exponent discovered that all or virtually all the air-pressure drop could be attributable to the cold, wet weather on the night of the game (and the imprecise process of the halftime measurements further muddled the picture), Exponent still composed some scientific-sounding jargon to give the NFL the cover that it needed to go after Brady. 
The firm said, 'we conclude that within the range of game characteristics most likely to have occurred on Game Day, we have identified no set of credible environmental or physical factors that completely accounts for the additional loss of air pressure exhibited by the Patriots game balls as compared to the loss in air pressure exhibited by the Colts game balls.' 
But Exponent's phrasing obscured the fact that an innocent explanation did exist on Exponent's range of measurements though the firm ruled it out by applying 'accepted error margins' and fudging the facts around the sequence of the football testing at halftime (a key point because in a warmer environment, the air pressure would rise naturally). 
Armed with Exponent's phrasing, NFL investigators then took some unrelated text messages from the two equipment employees describing how NFL officials had over-inflated footballs in a prior game to claim they had the 'smoking gun' regarding a plot to under-inflate footballs. 
However, rather than show any skepticism about this 'evidence' and the larger absurdity of the Deflategate claims, the Times simply treated the NFL's case as solid and fawned over Exponent as if it were a temple of noble scientists seeking nothing but the truth. The Times dismissed critics who cited the firm's reputation as a hired-gun to give powerful industries useful conclusions, such as disparaging the danger from second-hand cigarette smoke. 
Instead of any serious journalism examining Deflategate's logical flaws and Exponent's dubious role in the scandal-mongering, the Times presented Exponent as the real martyrs in the case, reporting 'Exponent still receives emails from adamant critics, and its role in Deflategate has cost it several prospective clients, the company said.' 
A Troubling Pattern 
Granted, the Deflategate silliness is minor compared to other cases when the Times misrepresented key chapters of U.S. history, concealed government wrongdoing and generated propaganda used to justify wars. But all these examples point to a pattern of journalistic behavior that is not journalistic. 
Today's Times is not the brave newspaper that published the Pentagon Papers, the secret history of the Vietnam War. It is no longer the place where a Seymour Hersh could expose the CIA's 'crown jewels' of scandals or where a Raymond Bonner could reveal massacres of civilians by U.S.-backed militaries in Central America. 
Not that those earlier days were by any means perfect '“ and not that there isn't some quality journalism that still appears in the newspaper '“ but it is hard to imagine the Times today going against the grain in any significant or consistent way. 
Instead, the Times has become an apologist for the powerful, conveying to its readers and to the world a dangerous and dubious insistence that the Establishment knows best. 
  .
ARTICLE

The Cruelty of US Economic Sanctions November 8, 2016 
Propaganda pervades the mainstream U.S. media as much today about Russia and Syria as it did years ago about Iraq, justifying the harm inflicted on civilians whether via bombs or economic strangulation, says David Smith-Ferri. 
By David Smith-Ferri 
Here in Russia, where I have been traveling as part of a small delegation organized by Voices for Creative Nonviolence, the people with whom we have spoken have no illusions about war and its effects. 
'We remember what war is like,' Nikolay, a scientist and businessman, told us. 'We have a genetic memory,' referring to close relatives '“ parents, grandparents '“ who passed on their experience of the Great Purge and/or the siege of Leningrad, when nearly a million Russians died of starvation and disease because Germany cut off all imports and exports. Some of the estimated 12 million Russians who took part in Immortal Regiment parades across the country over three days. (RT photo) 
'Three of my grandmother's brothers and four of my grandfather's brothers died in the war. My mother was born in 1937. She was lucky to survive the war. She lived in a village that the Nazis overran on their approach to Moscow. They bombed and burned it. Half the village burned. She just happened to be in the other half of the town when they set it on fire. Many of her friends died.' 
On our last evening in St. Petersburg, we were glad to have dinner at a Georgian restaurant with a young Russian woman whom we had met the day before at a friend's home. Alina is bright and open and unselfish. In rapid-fire English with a slight British accent, she spoke passionately about the harsh effects of Russia's worsening economy and its causes. 
'The drop in global oil prices and the sanctions against Russia are hurting our economy. And it's causing a lot of pain for people. Especially for elderly people who are on a fixed income. And it's worse outside of the cities, where salaries are really low, but the cost of living isn't so different (from the cities). You've only been in Moscow and St. Petersburg, but it's really bad in the provinces. If you went there, you wouldn't believe it.' 
This confirmed what we'd heard when we met days earlier with Russian social workers. Alina told us that 'food in Russia is cheap for foreigners and expensive for Russians, and it's getting worse. I spend almost half my salary on food. And transportation and housing are really expensive, too.' 
The Iraq Precedent 
I'm reminded of travel to Iraq which I undertook in the mid-1990s when small groups of U.S. and British people went to Iraq in defiance of federal law and in opposition to a brutal international economic embargo. We were portrayed as fools playing into the hands of the 'enemy.' A Tomahawk cruise missile launches from the USS Shiloh against air defense targets in Iraq on Sept. 3, 1996, as part of Operation Desert Strike, a limited U.S. military engagement against Iraqi government forces similar to what is now contemplated for Syria. (DOD photo) 

Mainstream media convinced people that Saddam Hussein was not only a threat to vital U.S. interests in the region but also a person with imperial ambitions who would stop at nothing to accomplish them. Comparisons were made with Hitler, as if the means at his disposal were comparable, despite the fact that the Iraqi army, including its vaunted Republican Guard, had collapsed in a matter of weeks when the U.S. invaded in 1991, and the economic embargo had strangled Iraq's economy and destroyed its ability even to care for itself, let alone pursue regional domination. 
All of this, of course, was widely understood by the U.S. media, but it didn't stop an energetic and unyielding portrayal of Saddam Hussein as a credible threat to the world. And so U.S. people, who surely could have handled a more complex analysis, came to accept and believe this. More, they came to see the economic warfare as a point of honor, U.S. foreign policy once again working for the benefit of the world (even if the world wasn't grateful!), including Iraqi people who clearly needed help deposing a cruel and dangerous dictator. 
This failure of the U.S. media to break its addiction to governmental propaganda provided necessary cover for U.S. foreign policies that caused hundreds of thousands of children under the age of five to die from preventable diseases, primarily related to water-borne infections. They died in large numbers day after day, month after month, year after year, unnecessarily, while their desperate parents held them, while exhausted doctors could do nothing to save them because they couldn't get the once easily-obtainable antibiotics and rehydration fluids. 
Despite the magnitude of the carnage in Iraq, despite the heart-rending scenes playing out daily in hospitals and homes, despite easy access to abundant and reliable information and images, the mainstream media (with notable exceptions in later years) averted its eyes and stuck to its narrow obsessive-compulsions. And the children died. 
As early as 1996, UNICEF published a report stating that 4,500 Iraqi children under the age of five were dying each month, victims of a brutal, lethal economic warfare. 
Start toward Russian 'Regime Change' 
The U.S. levied sanctions against Russia in 2014, stating they were in response to Russian military actions in Ukraine, and today the White House openly identifies increased sanctions as a possible response to Russian support of the Syrian government. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry listens to Russian President Vladimir Putin in a meeting room at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, at the outset of a bilateral meeting on July 14, 2016. [State Department Photo] Just as the American media ignored the effects of the sanctions regime on ordinary Iraqis, so today it fails to consider the plight of ordinary Russians when analyzing the success of sanctions.
An Oct. 26 article in the Chicago Tribune noted that sanctions are implicated in a 3.7 percent contraction of the Russian economy in 2015, with a further contraction expected over 2016, but the author failed to consider possible hardships on Russian people, as if economies somehow only effect government revenues and not people's lives. 
While the current sanctions regime may strike people in the U.S. as a justifiable, tempered, nonviolent policy, it begs many questions, not least of all: who gives the U.S. the right to do this? 
Of course, this is a forbidden question. The U.S. right to levy sanctions against Russia and to pressure European nations to participate is as sacrosanct as its right to build military bases in countries along Russia's border. 
Does anyone in the media question that? It is as sacrosanct, apparently, as the U.S. right to engage in military action in Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq, and anywhere else it chooses. So, if Russia deserves to be sanctioned for its actions in Europe, does the U.S. not also deserve to be sanctioned for building these bases and participating in NATO military exercises in countries bordering Russia? 
Why are Russian military actions in Syria different than U.S. military actions in Syria and elsewhere in the region? [Except that Russia was invited to assist the sovereign Syrian government, while the United States was not.] 
Who was there to sanction the U.S. for its role in the horrible bombing of the MSF hospital in Afghanistan and the bombing of hospitals in Yemen? Who sanctions the U.S. when its drones bomb a wedding party or a civilian convoy, or when targeted assassinations kill innocent civilians, as they often do? Or when U.S. airstrikes kill civilians, as happened just days ago in Kunduz, Afghanistan? 
U.S. people can learn something important from our Russian counterparts '“ that is, ordinary Russians who are at least as opposed to war as we are. They seem to understand the double standard operating in mass media and the danger it poses. 
But until we see it and start asking difficult questions, we are at risk of being dupes, not of Vladimir Putin but of our own government.
ARTICLE

Trump World's Darkest Side November 8, 2016 
Donald Trump's campaign has exposed and spoken to the real pain and profound alienation of many Americans, but the candidate also has exploited those emotions with lies and appeals to prejudice, says Michael Winship. 
By Michael Winship 
When I grow up, I want to be Charlie Pierce , who covers politics for Esquire magazine and has toiled in our scrivener's trade, as far as I can tell, since the late 1970s. 
I know, technically, he's a couple of years younger than I am, but he writes with the fierce wit and well-aimed anger to which I aspire, and as this wheezing milk train of a presidential campaign clanks into the final station, few have been as perceptive when it comes to trying to figure out just what the hell has happened to America this year. Donald Trump at the 2016 Republican National Convention. (Photo credit: Grant Miller/RNC) 
Charlie Pierce has done so with great style throughout, but now, thanks to Donald Trump and just hours before Election Day, he has come to the end of his watchdog rope. He wrote on Saturday that Trump '” to whom he refers as El Caudillo del Mar-A-Lago '” had 'managed to exceed even my admittedly expansive limits for political obscenity.' 
Pierce was talking about Trump's reaction after President Obama responded to an elderly heckler wearing a military tunic at a Friday campaign rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina. 
As the crowd booed the man, Obama said, 'Hey! Listen up! I told you to be focused, and you're not focused right now. Listen to what I'm saying. Hold up. Hold up! '¦ Everybody sit down, and be quiet for a second'¦ First of all, we live in a country that respects free speech. Second of all, it looks like maybe he might've served in our military and we got to respect that. Third of all, he was elderly and we got to respect our elders. And fourth of all, don't boo, vote.' 
In other words, the President showed poise, grace and yes, class. But shortly after, here's how the moment was seen through Trump's eyes at a rally in Hershey, Pennsylvania: 'There was a protester and a protester that likes us,' Trump said. 'And what happened is they wouldn't put the cameras on him. They kept the cameras on Obama. '¦ He was talking to a protester, screaming at him, really screaming at him. By the way, if I spoke the way Obama spoke to that protester, they would say he became unhinged.' 
Unhinged? Really? We all know that Trump seems to get his news from an implanted electrode picking up propaganda signals from the Planet Mongo. But there comes a point when the lies piled upon lies become too much for even the fairest and most equable of us. Hearing Trump's demonstrably false description of what happened at Obama's rally, Charlie Pierce finally had it. 
'Maybe it was because it was so ludicrously provable a lie,' he wrote. '[Trump] didn't care. He never has cared. His contempt for the democratic processes and for the norms of self-government is matched only by the deep contempt he has for all the suckers who mistake his contempt for the American experiment for their deep disappointment in it. He has measured their intelligence by his heavily leveraged net worth and found them hilariously lacking. 
'We are all the subcontractors who build his indomitable ego for him and, as such, he can stiff us according to his customary business plan. His campaign long ago became a sickening charade performed by a grotesque charlatan.' 
The Scene in Reno 
And so it is. Look, too, at how Trump and his followers at a rally in Reno, Nevada, on Saturday responded to a man with a 'Republicans against Trump' sign. Before someone shouted 'Gun!' and the moment turned even uglier, Trump had looked down and said, 'Oh we have one of those guys from the Hillary Clinton campaign. How much are you being paid, $1,500?' As the crowd booed, Trump said, 'Okay. Take him out.' The run-down PIX Theatre sign reads 'Vote Trump' on Main Street in Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. July 15, 2016. (Photo by Tony Webster Flickr) 
The protester, a Reno resident named Austyn Crites, described himself as Republican and a fiscal conservative. He told The Guardian he was grateful to the police who removed him from the auditorium for interrogation '” they kept him from being further kicked, choked and pummeled by the gang of Trump supporters who surrounded him. 
Still, he said, 'The people who attacked me '” I'm not blaming them. I'm blaming Donald Trump's hate rhetoric, '¦ The fact that I got beat up today, that's just showing what he's doing to his crowds.' 
Throughout the campaign, whenever Trump has egged on his followers, I've thought of that line in Young Frankenstein, when the angry Transylvanian villagers are told by the local police inspector, 'A riot is an ugly thing, and I think that it is just about time we had one.' 
Remember what Trump said when a protester was dragged out of a February rally in Las Vegas: 'I love the old days '” you know what they used to do to guys like that when they were in a place like this? They'd be carried out on a stretcher, folks. '¦ I'd like to punch him in the face.' 
By now, you've heard it all before and the litany of lies, outrageous claims and insults has climbed so high that many of us have become numb and weary from the sheer repetition of Trump's buffoonery. You can only go to so many demolition derbies before the sight of flaming car wrecks becomes routine. 
Dog Whistles 
What's more, you can argue that far more insidious and frightening are the dog whistle attacks appealing to the baser instincts of the bigoted and ignorant. The latest: the closing ad from the Trump campaign that, with anti-Semitic overtones, points fingers at 'a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class.' Former   speaking with supporters at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona. March 21, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
As Josh Marshall notes at Talking Points Memo , 'The four readily identifiable American bad guys in the ad are Hillary Clinton, George Soros (Jewish financier), Janet Yellen (Jewish Fed Chair) and Lloyd Blankfein (Jewish Goldman Sachs CEO)'¦ This is an ad intended to appeal to anti-Semites and spread anti-Semitic ideas'¦ This is intentional and by design. It is no accident.' 
Here is something Charlie Pierce wrote back in May . Trump, he said, 'is riding on a wave of pain that he never has felt.' 
'He is riding on a wave of anxiety he never has encountered. Beyond their love of him, there is no indication that he is as deeply aware of what has powered his rise as the people whose fear, and doubt, and, yes, hatred has powered his rise. Their job is still to wait in line, cheer on cue, and give him the devotion that he has earned because, after all, he is He, Trump, and they're not, and that will never change.' 
Add it all up and to me, this is what it comes down to: Do you want to live in a United States where anger, prejudice and fear rule, and dissent is viewed as treason, or in a country where we try to meet every issue from terrorism to education with clear eyes and a rational mind? 
This year's choices are far from perfect, but nonetheless a choice must be made. To quote a founding father who believed in such things: liberty, once lost, is lost forever. This could be democracy's last stop. Vote. 
Michael Winship is the Emmy Award-winning senior writer of Moyers & Company and BillMoyers.com, and a former senior writing fellow at the policy and advocacy group Demos. Follow him on Twitter at @MichaelWinship .
ARTICLE

US Hawks Gamble on Turkey's Invasions November 8, 2016 
Exclusive: The Mideast chaos gets more and more complicated as Washington's hawks encourage Turkey to invade Syria but worry about a possible clash between Turkey and Iraq, a maelstrom of violence that could spin out of control, writes Joe Lauria. 
By Joe Lauria 
As Turkey mobilizes fresh troops on the Iraqi border, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has warned that Turkey's invasion of his country will mean war. 'Turkey and its forces will be damaged and we warn them again, if their troops enter Iraq we will fight them and we will look at them and treat them as the enemy,' he said . 
Turkey has threatened to take part in the U.S.-led military operation to liberate Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city now occupied by Islamic State militants. Turkey already has illegally deployed troops inside Iraq but the broader invasion deeper into Iraqi territory from an attack on Mosul would represent a more direct challenge to Iraqi sovereignty. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan addresses citizens in front of his residence in Istanbul on July 19, 2016. (Photo from official website of the Presidency of the Republic of Turkey) 
'If we engage in war with them, the Turks will pay a heavy price, they will be damaged,' al-Abadi vowed to reporters in Baghdad last Tuesday. 'We warn Turkey if they want to enter Iraq, they will end up becoming fragmented,' because Turkey is 'not a country to able to fight outside their borders.' Turkey invaded Cyprus 50 years ago, he said. 'but Iraq is not Cyprus.' 
The silence to this dangerous situation from Washington is deafening. As corporate media depends on official U.S. sources, it too is silent on this new crisis. But there are substantive questions that are whispered amid the silence: 
Are the hawks in Washington exploiting Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdo?an's neo-Ottoman dreams of capturing former imperial Turkish territory in Iraq (and Syria) to covertly achieve U.S. objectives? Could this plan go horribly wrong if two of their major regional allies go to war? 
Since American officials rarely explain fully what they are up to in the Middle East, beyond slogans like 'Fighting ISIS' and 'The War on Terror', understanding U.S. policy in the region is reduced to educated guesses based on official and leaked statements and assessments of complex developments on the ground. 
For instance, U.S. officials are backing Syrian Kurds, not Turkey, in the operation launched Sunday to take Raqqa, the ISIS capital in Syria. Less than two weeks earlier, Erdogan proclaimed that during its invasion of Syria, Turkey ' will go towards Raqqa. ' In the last debate, Hillary Clinton said the U.S.-led operation to liberate Mosul should continue to Raqqa. Now it has. But the devil is in the details. 
Events on the ground suggest Washington has two policies: one public and the other hidden. (Just as Clinton has advocated , more generally, for in one of her paid speeches.) 
Publicly the U.S. opposes Turkish military intervention in Raqqa and Mosul, while privately it is effectively riding Erdogan's outsized ambitions to let Turkish NATO troops create Hillary Clinton's desired 'safe zone' for rebel forces fighting to overthrow the Syrian government. This 'safe zone' is on territory taken mostly from Islamic State that could eventually stretch from northeast Syria into western Iraq. 
Yet, there is abundant evidence that Turkey has supported Islamic State from its incarnation as one of the jihadist forces seeking to overthrow Syria's secular government of Bashar al-Assad. If Erdogan is now fighting the terrorist group, it may well be because he wants something like the Caliphate for himself and for Turkey, which abolished it in 1924. And that just might fit into U.S. plans, which President Obama has already altered to accommodate Clinton's desires. 
'The goal here is to take back Mosul,' Clinton said at the last debate, as if already speaking as the U.S. President, 'and then continue to press into Syria to begin to take back and move on Raqqa.' 
A Sunnistan Corridor 
A safe area in eastern Syria stretching to western Iraq could implement the so-called Plan B: dividing Syria to weaken it, while also creating a 'Sunnistan' corridor for a gas pipeline from Qatar through the Iraq/Syria border area to Turkey and on to Europe. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. 
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad rejected a Qatar pipeline through Syrian territory in 2009, a move that some analysts think spurred the Gulf-backed insurgency to overthrow him. However, settling for Plan B, a partition of Syria, would be an admission that Plan A, 'regime change,' had failed. 
There might also be another crucial task for Turkey on behalf of Washington's hawks in both Syria and Iraq. Erdogan may well target his move into Iraq on the area of the Shia Turkmen around Tal Afar. The Shia-led Iraqi government wants to get that area under central government control to possibly open a corridor from Iran through Iraq and Syria to Hezbollah in southern Lebanon, a corridor Clinton has vowed to close in accordance with a longstanding Israeli goal. Turkey could also cut this passage in northern Syria. 
Is the U.S. allowing Turkish troops to create these facts on the ground? It's impossible to know for sure because of the lack of transparency coming out of Washington. But in this scenario, Erdogan would get to control Syrian Kurdish areas and possibly parts of Iraq, satisfying his neo-Ottoman fantasies, while Clinton would get her 'safe zone' protected by NATO troops (from Turkey), but without deploying U.S. soldiers on the ground. 
Erdogan's Dreams of Ottoman Glory 
After Russia's September 2015 intervention in the Syrian war seriously turned back the jihadists' advances, their principal backers, Saudi Arabia and Turkey, became so alarmed that in February they demanded that the U.S. allow them to invade Syria. It was a momentous decision for Obama. Would he risk war with Russia to save another 'regime change' project? U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter. 
U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter 'welcomed' the Saudi-Turk plan to launch an invasion by air from Turkey's Incirlik NATO air base, and by land through the wastelands of Jordan or western Iraq. The Saudis staged a 30,000-man invasion war game in the desert. In the end Obama stood for reason and stopped it. 
But in July, an attempted coup against Erdogan was crushed, allowing him to seize the opportunity to eliminate almost all opposition to his nearly complete one-man rule. By late August, Erdogan was ready to make his move with no one left in Turkey to oppose him. 
On Aug. 24, with U.S. air cover, Turkey invaded Syria. This time Obama did not stop him. Washington clearly approved as its planes protected Turkish tanks and infantry rolling across the border. Vice President Joe Biden was in Ankara a day before the invasion. 
The pretext was to fight Islamic State, but it became clear immediately that Turkey's main target is the Syrian Kurds, one of Islamic State's toughest foes on the ground. The U.S. protested, but Washington surely knew what Turkey's intentions were. 
The date of Aug. 24, 2016, was significant because exactly 500 years to the day earlier, on Aug. 24,1516, the Ottomans left Turkey to begin their empire by invading their first country, Syria. This was hardly a coincidence when one considers Erdogan's history. He spurred a violent police crackdown in Istanbul's Ghezi Park in 2013 on demonstrators against his plan to build a replica of an Ottoman barracks in the park. In April, Erdogan named a new bridge over the Bosphorus after Osman, founder of the Ottoman Empire. 
Turkish-backed rebels took the Syrian town of Dabiq from Islamic State on Oct. 16. It was victory there in 1516 that established the Ottoman Empire. 
The Safe Area 
Hillary Clinton has been pushing for a no-fly zone and a safe area in Syria since she ran the State Department. She has called for both as recently as the last presidential debate, despite the inherent dangers of confronting Russia. U.S.   meets with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem, Nov. 21, 2012. [State Department photo] The safe area is supposed to shelter internally displaced Syrians to prevent them from becoming refugees. But it could also be used as a staging ground to train and quip jihadists intent on 'regime change,' a strategy that was employed in Libya in 2011. A safe area would need ground troops to protect it. Clinton says there will be no U.S. ground troops in Syria.
Turkey has also been clamoring for a safe area on the ground for the past few years. Erdogan called for it (as well as a no-fly zone in northern Syria) as recently as last September in his address to the U.N. General Assembly. 
The hawks appear to have bested Obama this time. He has not stood in the way of Clinton's hawkish allies in his administration letting Erdogan pursue his neo-Ottoman dreams (even when that has meant killing U.S.-backed Kurds) in exchange for Turkish NATO forces establishing a safe area without U.S. ground troops. Turkey and its rebel forces already control about 490 square miles in northern Syria. 
In early October, Erdogan also began his war of words with Iraqi Prime Minister al-Abadi about 1,000 Turkish troops based at Bashiqa, inside Iraq around 10 kilometers from Mosul. Iraq has been insisting the troops leave the country for months. 
With the operation to liberate Iraq's second-largest city about to begin last month, it was clear to me that Erdogan would threaten to take Mosul, based on a World War I-era Ottoman claim. 
On Oct. 30, 1918, Britain and the Ottomans signed an armistice, but three days later British Lt. Gen. Sir William Marshall invaded Mosul and captured it on Nov. 15. Arguing that they were double-crossed, Turkey continued to claim Mosul despite it being given to British-controlled Baghdad in the Treaties of Serves (1920) and Lausanne (1923). 
A 1926 League of Nations commission sided with Britain, and Turkey reluctantly agreed to its border with Iraq. But revanchists like Erdogan still don't buy it. 'We did not voluntarily accept the borders of our country,' Erdogan said on Oct. 27. 
He then made no secret of his plans to enter Mosul. 'You are not on my level,' Erdogan told al-Abadi. 'Know your place! Your screaming and shouting is of no importance to us. You should know that we will do what we want to do.' 
Al-Abadi insists that only the Iraqi Army and federal police are allowed inside Mosul. Even the Kurdish peshmerga have agreed to stay out. But Erdogan continues to claim Mosul and even called for ethnic cleansing of Shia from the city, which had a pre-Islamic State population of around 2 million people. 
After American silence, al-Abadi threatened to fly to Washington to demand the U.S. stop Erdogan. Officially the U.S. has told Turkey to stand down. But it is not clear how much control Washington has over Ankara in this matter, or where exactly Erdogan's plans fit into the hawks' agenda. Iraqi Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi. 
Such complexities and cross-currents have been the problem whenever the U.S. allows surrogates to think they are pursuing their own agendas in the service of America's larger one. One only has to think of the U.S. alliances with Al Qaeda in Afghanistan in the 1980s. 
Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, was in Ankara on Sunday meeting Erdogan. It might well have been a tense meeting with the volatile Turkish leader, who said on Sunday that Turkey is charting an independent course from the West, adding , 'I don't care if Europe calls me a dictator.' 
The trick for U.S. officials who see Erdogan's military interventions as helpful is that they must let him think he is acting independently without him undercutting American interests. After Sunday's meeting, the two sides said the U.S., its Syrian allies and Turkey would jointly control Raqqa after Islamic State is ousted. 
'The coalition and Turkey will work together on the long-term plan for seizing, holding and governing Raqqa,' Dunford said after his meeting with Turkish Army Gen. Hulusi Akar, according to Department of Defense News . In the scant U.S. news coverage of the plan, it passed with little or no notice that Raqqa is part of the territory of the Syrian nation. 
However, a touchy question for Washington is whether the U.S. can keep the tension in check between al-Abadi's insistence on Iraqi sovereignty and Erdogan's inner Sultan to prevent the two from going to war and then somehow turn their ambitions toward Washington's Mideast goals. 
That won't be easy if the U.S. intends for Turkey to take territory in northern Iraq. A war between the two U.S. allies would threaten Washington's aims in the region, whatever they may really be. 
Joe Lauria is a veteran foreign-affairs journalist based at the U.N. since 1990. He has written for the Boston Globe, the London Daily Telegraph, the Johannesburg Star, the Montreal Gazette, the Wall Street Journal and other newspapers. He can be reached atjoelauria@gmail.com and followed on Twitter at @unjoe .
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton's Exploits in McCarthyism November 8, 2016 
The New Cold Warriors who surround Hillary Clinton have made Russia-bashing and McCarthyism the go-to tactics to silence the few voices warning of the grave and unnecessary risks of a new Cold War, notes James W Carden. 
By James W Carden 
Now that the 2016 election campaign is at long last over, an examination of the reckless, fact-free, innuendo-laden McCarthyite rhetoric which Hillary Clinton's campaign surrogates deployed over the past several months is in order. 
The first and most obvious point to be made is that the anti-Russia hysteria that characterized the election, particularly in its final weeks, did not come out of nowhere; in fact, it should be seen as part of a natural progression of the elite media's Russophobia which took root in and around the Ukraine crisis of late 2013-early 2014 and led, almost ineffably, not only to charges of Russian election-rigging in the United States but in the identification, in the pages of Newsweek and the Washington Post , of Russian fifth-columns within the United States. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. 
How the Ukraine crisis poisoned America political discourse is by now well known. As I reported in The Nation almost 18 months ago, the cottage industry of unscrupulous neo-McCarthyites which has grown up around Washington, London and Manhattan in recent years has sought to stifle debate by bandying charges of unpatriotic disloyalty against anyone questioning the wisdom of U.S. policy toward Russia. (It bears noting that something similar regarding Syria policy is happening as I write, driven, for the most part, by the usual suspects.) 
As one long time political scientist told me at the time, 'The atmosphere here in the U.S. created by the Ukraine crisis is poisonous '“ and I say this having been an academic for 37 years.' 
The millennial careerists who help staff the ranks of the New Cold Warriors instinctually reach for ad hominem attacks over reasoned argument '“ and in so doing helped make way for the tactics the Clinton campaign unleashed in 2016. 
By the time the nominating conventions rolled around this summer, the Clinton campaign was engaged in a Twenty-first Century witch hunt against any Trump adviser who had so much as visited Russia. Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort and foreign policy adviser Carter Page were both hounded out of the campaign by Clinton-inspired media smears. 
Clinton's campaign, which was run by Robby Mook, a 36-year-old hot shot who clearly relished his role as a kind of millennial Roy Cohn, repeatedly attacked former Ambassador to Germany and arms control negotiator under Ronald Reagan, Richard Burt. 
Burt was singled out, not only by the Clinton camp, but by Salon and Newsweek, because he had served as an adviser to Alfa Bank, the Russian bank which played a starring role in former New Republic editor's Franklin Foer's thoroughly debunked article on the Trump Organization's (non-existent) 'secret' email server. 
Yet what is most interesting isn't so much the smears '“ phrases like 'useful idiot' and 'Kremlin stooge' which are mostly warmed-over fare from the first Cold War '“ but the mindset of the New Cold Warriors. How is it that these self-anointed crusaders for 'humanitarian intervention' and 'democratization,' these self-appointed enemies of tyranny, end up on the side of neo-Nazis in Ukraine, Al Qaeda and al-Nusra affiliate in Syria, all the while stirring up sectarian and nationalist pathologies across the Middle East and Eastern Europe? 
Cold War Nostalgia 
The first thing to recognize is that our New Cold Warriors suffer from la nostalgie de la guerre froide . The historian John Lukacs has written at length on this pathology. In his destined to be classic The End of The Twentieth Century, Lukacs cast a gimlet eye on what he saw as the tendency of academic and media types during the first Cold War to practice 'anti-Communism at a safe distance.' Russian President Vladimir Putin answering questions from Russian citizens at his annual Q&A event on April 14, 2016. (Russian government photo) 
This tendency, according to Lukacs, sprang from two sources: first, from a 'sense of self-satisfaction: knowing that one is on the right side, on the respectable side together with all of those right-thinking people.' 
Lukacs, himself no apologist for Communism, also observed that this tendency is driven by 'the exaggeration of the diabolical powers and machination of Communism and the Communists.' Substitute 'Communism and the Communists' for 'Putin and the Kremlin' and you have a perfect precis of New Cold Warrior thinking. 
No better example of this tendency to talk a tough game against post-Communist Russia by academics and journalists safe in the knowledge that they will never be called upon to fight, was a conference convened by Franklin Foer's New Republic in Kiev in May 2014. 
Some background may be in order: The Ukrainian crisis '“ involving the violent ouster of elected President Viktor Yanukovych on Feb. 22, 2014 '“ escalated into a full-scale civil war in and around April 6 in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk. The Western-supported government in Kiev, depicting the indigenous anti-coup movement for a Russian invasion, sent its military and privately funded militias to crush the uprising in what was called an 'Anti-Terrorism Operation' or ATO. 
To some, it was a tragedy of the first order that Kiev chose war and missed an opportunity to earn '“ via negotiation and compromise '“ much needed legitimacy in the east for what was, after all, a junta government. 
Yet others, like Yale University historian Timothy Snyder and the New Republic's literary editor Leon Wieseltier, embraced the ouster of Yanukovych and were positively exultant; so much so that they wasted little time in making their way to Kiev, 'rallying to democracy's side.' 
The conference, 'Ukraine: Thinking Together,' featured several luminaries of the liberal-interventionist left including Franklin Foer; Iraq War apologist Paul Berman; National Endowment for Democracy President Carl Gershman; a founding father of Poland's Solidarity movement, Adam Michnik; a historian of Eastern Europe, Timothy Garton Ash; and the preening cheerleader of NATO's war on Libya, Bernard Henri Levy. 
In a note announcing the conference, Wieseltier, sounding an awful lot like Christopher Hitchens in the run-up to the Iraq War, declared: 'We cannot just sit back and watch Putin's imperialism and repression. There are times and places where one must stand up and be counted.' 
From where did this impulse to 'stand and up and be counted' arise? Well, Wieseltier's remarks in Kiev are revealing and are worth quoting at length. In his rhetoric we can hear a not-so-faint echo of Edward Arlington Robinson's Miniver Cheevy: 
'I watched the progress of Putin's imperialism beyond his borders and fascism within his borders, I ruefully remarked to Frank Foer that the moment reminded me of what I used to call my Congress for Cultural Freedom-envy '” my somewhat facile but nonetheless sincere regret at having been born too late to participate in the struggle of Western intellectuals, some of whom became my teachers and my heroes, against the Stalinist assault on democracy in Europe. And all of a sudden, pondering the Russian aggression in Crimea, and the Russian campaign of destabilization in Ukraine, I realized that I had exaggerated my belatedness. I was not born too late at all.' 
That explains rather a lot. Wieseltier '“ and in all likelihood Levy and Foer '“ were suffering from a bad case of history-envy and saw in the crisis in Ukraine a chance to assuage their consciences and prove their worth on the world-historical stage. It is, it must be admitted, an odd way to go about it, socializing in Kiev with a Facebook billionaire , your friends and neocon fellow travelers from the magazine all the while homes, schools and hospitals in eastern Ukraine were being shelled to bits by the very government you traveled so far to ' demonstrate solidarity ' with. 
Putin Hatred 
If Cold War nostalgia plays a role in shaping the weltanschauung of the New Cold Warriors, so too does their uncritical embrace of anyone who opposes Russian President Vladimir Putin. The New Cold Warriors are, in effect, blinded by pseudo-solidarity for Putin's 'victims' like the crass performance artists Pussy Riot and the wondrously corrupt former oligarch-turned-sainted dissident Mikhail Khodorkovsky. Screen shot of the fatal fire in Odessa, Ukraine, on May 2, 2014, that killed scores of ethnic Russians while Ukrainian nationalists cheered. (From RT video) 
And then, of course, there is the new Ukraine where the government, so enthusiastically embraced by Franklin Foer's New Republic, has embarked on program of de-Communization which, since Ukraine and Communism parted ways a quarter of a century ago, means, in practice, a program of de-Russification, with all that entails, including, a conscious erasure of the Soviet Union's role in defeating the Nazis and a whitewashing of Ukraine's ugly history of anti-Semitism, including the role of Stepan Bandera, the wartime leader of the nationalist OUN which was responsible for the murder of hundreds of thousands of Jews and Poles. 
As the magazine The Forward reported: 'The whitewashing, now a disturbingly widespread phenomenon, ramped up in earnest after Ukraine's 2013'“2014 Maidan uprising and the ensuing conflict with Russia. On January 1, 2014, 15,000 ultra-nationalists marched through Kiev carrying placards with [Ukrainian nationalist Stepan] Bandera's image and chanting OUN slogans; today, marches honoring Bandera, the OUN and Ukrainian SS units take place regularly across Ukraine. 
'In the spring of 2015, Ukraine's parliament passed a highly controversial law , mandating that Bandera and his groups be regarded as Ukrainian patriots, and making denial of their heroism a criminal offense.' 
In a way, these developments were probably a long time in coming and have been facilitated by the effective disenfranchisement of a large share of the Russo-phone east. Consider the spike in nationalist sentiment in Eastern Europe in the post-Cold War years. 
We return briefly to the historian Lukacs who observed in 1993 'a growing nostalgia and appreciation of nationalist Eastern European governments before and during the Second World War.' He observed that in the years following the fall of the Berlin Wall, 'schools and streets' in Slovakia and Croatia were being renamed in honor of Nazi collaborators, while in Romania 'the murderous Iron Cross now enjoys a recurrent wave of nostalgic prestige.' 
The American media has willfully turned a blind eye to these similar and ominous developments in Ukraine (to say nothing of the recent torchlight parades in NATO-allied Estonia ) because what matters among the New Cold Warriors is to appear to be 'taking a stand' against the Russian bogeyman. 
Ignoring Reality 
And then there is the inability or unwillingness of the New Cold Warriors to take realpolitik considerations into account when it comes to Russia. This is odd, since they are as of one mind when it comes to far more sinister regimes like Saudi Arabia, where people quite literally have their heads chopped off in the middle of the street in broad daylight. Nazi symbols on helmets worn by members of Ukraine's Azov battalion. (As filmed by a Norwegian film crew and shown on German TV) 
But, they will say, the U.S. needs Saudi Arabia because a) they have oil and b) they oppose the Iranians. As arch-neoconservative Bret Stephens recently said in an exchange with Sen. Rand Paul on MSNBC's 'Morning Joe,' we are 'lucky' to have the Saudis as allies. 
Leave that nonsense aside for the moment: the point is that the facility to think in terms of geo-strategy abandons the New Cold Warriors when it comes to Russia and Vladimir Putin. And so, the fact that Russia does not threaten American interests in our hemisphere; that it did more than most NATO allies to assist in the fight in Afghanistan (via the Northern Distribution Network); that it was a crucial player in the Iranian P5+1 negotiations (which the New Cold Warriors probably hold against the Russians, since they are nearly all opposed to the deal); and that it brokered the deal to dismantle Bashar al-Assad's chemical weapons program in Syria are all studiously ignored in their analyses. 
In other words, panic and handwringing over the alleged 'cyber war' aside, Putin's Russia does not threaten U.S. interests, properly defined. Indeed, Russia has, whether we find its domestic politics and widespread government corruption distasteful or not (and I do), proved to be an important partner when its core interests coincide with ours '“ which is more often than not. 
Interests should drive policy not ephemeral, so-called 'shared values' to which the New Cold Warriors themselves only fitfully adhere . 
Twenty-five years ago, one U.S. president sketched out an alternative path to the one that the U.S. has been pursuing since Bill Clinton took office. In a speech much derided by those who practiced 'anti-Communism at a safe distance,' President George H.W. Bush traveled to Kiev on Aug. 1, 1991, to warn against succumbing to the siren song of ethno-nationalism. 
'Freedom, democracy, and economic liberty,' said Bush , 'No terms have been abused more regularly, nor more cynically than these. Throughout this century despots have masqueraded as democrats, jailers have posed as liberators.' He continued in a vein almost unthinkable by an American president today: 'Americans will not support those who seek independence in order to replace a far-off tyranny with a local despotism. They will not aid those who promote a suicidal nationalism based upon ethnic hatred.' 
Bush was prescient: the steady diet of Russophobia and anti-Putin hysteria now underway (and de rigueur among the New Cold Warriors) is fanning the flames of ethno-nationalist hatred within Europe. Does this development enhance or detract from pan-European stability and U.S. national security? 
The answer is clear. And yet the new crusaders persist, and worryingly, as of Tuesday, may have a commander-in-chief who completely shares their views waiting in the wings. 
James W Carden is a contributing writer for The Nation and editor of The American Committee for East-West Accord's eastwestaccord.com. He previously served as an advisor on Russia to the Special Representative for Global Inter-governmental Affairs at the US State Department.
ARTICLE

Reasons to Risk Nuclear Annihilation   latest neocon/liberal-hawk scheme is for the U.S. population to risk nuclear war to protect corrupt politicians in Ukraine and Al Qaeda terrorists in east Aleppo, two rather dubious reasons to end life on the planet, says Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
Obviously, I never wanted to see a nuclear war, which would likely kill not only me but my children, grandchildren, relatives, friends and billions of others. We'd be incinerated in the blast or poisoned by radiation or left to starve in a nuclear winter. 
But at least I always assumed that this horrific possibility would only come into play over something truly worthy, assuming that anything would justify the mass extinction of life on the planet. Peter Sellers playing Dr. Strangelove as he struggles to control his right arm from making a Nazi salute. 
Now, however, Official Washington's neocons and liberal interventionists are telling me and others that we should risk nuclear annihilation over which set of thieves gets to rule Ukraine and over helping Al Qaeda terrorists (and their 'moderate' allies) keep control of east Aleppo in Syria. 
In support of the Ukraine goal, there is endless tough talk at the think tanks, on the op-ed pages and in the halls of power about the need to arm the Ukrainian military so it can crush ethnic Russians in eastern Ukraine who dared object to the U.S.-backed coup in 2014 that ousted their elected President Viktor Yanukovych. 
And after 'liberating' eastern Ukraine, the U.S.-backed Ukrainian army would wheel around and 'liberate' Crimea from Russia, even though 96 percent of Crimean voters voted to leave Ukraine and rejoin Russia '“ and there is no sign they want to go back . 
So, the world would be risking World War III over the principle of the West's right to sponsor the overthrow of elected leaders who don't do what they're told and then to slaughter people who object to this violation of democratic order. 
This risk of nuclear Armageddon would then be compounded to defend the principle that the people of Crimea don't have the right of self-determination but must submit to a corrupt post-coup regime in Kiev regardless of Crimea's democratic judgment. 
And, to further maintain our resolve in this gamble over nuclear war in defense of Ukraine, we must ignore the spectacle of the U.S.-backed regime in Kiev wallowing in graft and corruption . 
While the Ukrainian people earn on average $214 a month and face neoliberal 'reforms,' such as reduced pensions, extended years of work for the elderly and slashed heating subsidies, their new leaders in the parliament report wealth averaging more than $1 million in 'monetary assets' each, much of it in cash. 
A Troubling Departure 
The obvious implication of widespread corruption was underscored on Monday with the abrupt resignation of former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili who was the appointed governor of Ukraine's Odessa region. A scene from 'Dr. Strangelove,' in which the bomber pilot (played by actor Slim Pickens) rides a nuclear bomb to its target in the Soviet Union. 
Though Saakashvili faces charges of abusing power back in Georgia, he was nevertheless put in charge of Odessa by current President Petro Poroshenko, but has now quit (or was ousted) amid charges and counter-charges about corruption. 
Noting the mysterious wealth of Ukraine's officials, Saakashvili denounced the country's rulers as 'corrupt filth' and accused Poroshenko and his administration of sabotaging real reform. 
'Odessa can only develop once Kiev will be freed from these bribe takers, who directly patronize organized crime and lawlessness,' Saakashvili said . Yes, that would be a good slogan to scribble on the side of a nuclear bomb heading for Moscow: 'Defending the corrupt filth and bribe takers who patronize organized crime.' 
But the recent finger-pointing about corruption is also ironic because the West cited the alleged corruption of the Yanukovych government to justify the violent putsch in February 2014 that drove him from office and sparked Ukraine's current civil war. 
Yet, the problems don't stop with Kiev's corruption. There is the troubling presence of neo-Nazis , ultranationalists and even Islamic jihadists assigned to the Azov battalion and other military units sent east to the front lines to kill ethnic Russians. 
On top of that, United Nations human rights investigators have accused Ukraine's SBU intelligence service of hiding torture chambers . 
But we consumers of the mainstream U.S. media's narrative are supposed to see the putschists as the white hats and Yanukovych (who was excoriated for having a sauna in his official residence) and Russian President Vladimir Putin as the black hats. 
Though U.S. officials, such as Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, helped organize or 'midwife' the coup ousting Yanukovych, we are told that the Ukraine crisis was a clear-cut case of 'Russian aggression' and Crimea's decision to secede (and rejoin Russia) was a 'Russian invasion' and an 'annexation.' 
So, all stirred up with righteous indignation, we absorbed the explanation that economic sanctions were needed to punish Putin and to destabilize Russian society, with the hoped-for goal of another 'regime change,' this time in Moscow. 
We weren't supposed to ask if anyone had actually thought through the idea of destabilizing a nuclear-armed power and the prospect that Putin's overthrow, even if possible, might lead to a highly unstable fight for control of the nuclear codes. 
Silencing Dissent 
Brushing aside such worries, the neocons/liberal-hawks are confident that the answer is to move NATO forces up to Russia's borders and to provide military training to Ukraine's army, even to its neo-Nazi 'shock troops.' Nazi symbols on helmets worn by members of Ukraine's Azov battalion. (As filmed by a Norwegian film crew and shown on German TV) 
After all, when have the neocons and their liberal interventionist sidekicks ever miscalculated about anything. No fair mentioning Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya or other lucky countries that have been on the receiving end of a benighted 'regime change.' 
An American who protests or even mentions the risk of nuclear war is dismissed as a 'Kremlin stooge' or a 'Putin puppet' or a 'useful fool' repeating 'Russian disinformation' and assisting Moscow's 'information war' against the U.S. government. 
But if you're still a bit queasy about risking nuclear annihilation to keep some Ukrainian kleptocrats in power, there is the other cause worth having the human race die over: protecting Al Qaeda terrorists and their 'moderate' rebel comrades holed up in east Aleppo. 
Since these modern terrorists turn out to be highly skilled with video cameras and the dissemination of propaganda, they have created the image for Westerners that the Syrian military and its Russian allies simply want to kill as many children as possible. 
Indeed, most Western coverage of the battle for Aleppo whites out the role of Al Qaeda almost completely although occasionally the reality slips through in on-the-ground reporting , along with the admission that Al Qaeda and its fellow fighters are keeping as many civilians in east Aleppo as possible, all the better to put up heartrending videos and photos on social media. 
Of course, when a similar situation exists in Islamic State-held Mosul, Iraq, the mainstream Western media dutifully denounces the tactic of keeping children in a war zone as the cynical use of 'human shields,' thus justifying Iraqi and U.S. forces killing lots of civilians during their 'liberation.' The deaths are all the enemy's fault. 
However, when the shoe is on the Syrian/Russian foot, we're talking about 'war crimes' and the need to invade Syria to establish 'safe zones' and 'no-fly zones' even if that means killing large numbers of additional Syrians and shooting down Russian warplanes. 
After all, isn't the protection of Al Qaeda terrorists worth the risk of starting World War III with nuclear-armed Russia? And if Al Qaeda isn't worth fighting a nuclear war to defend, what about the thieves in Ukraine and their neo-Nazi shock troops? Calling Dr. Strangelove. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).
ARTICLE

Learning Horrors of War from Vets November 9, 2016 
Americans shed some guilt for sending young soldiers to war by saying 'thank you for your service' but it'd be better to ask vets about their war experiences, says ex-U.S. Army chaplain Chris J. Antal who served in Afghanistan. 
By the Rev. Chris J. Antal 
Veteran's Day too often only serves to construct and maintain a public narrative that glorifies war and military service and excludes the actual experience of the veteran. This public narrative is characterized by core beliefs and assumptions about ourselves and the world that most citizens readily accept without examination. 
The U.S. public narrative reconciles deep religiosity with a penchant for violence with an often unexamined American National Religion. The core beliefs of this religion include the unholy trinity of governmental theism (One Nation Under God, In God We Trust, etc.), global military supremacy, and capitalism as freedom. These core beliefs provide many U.S. citizens with a broad sense of meaning and imbue the public narrative with thematic coherence. U.S. Marines patrol street in Shah Karez in Helmand Province, Afghanistan. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Staff Sgt. Robert Storm) 
War is a Force that Gives Us Meaning , as Christopher Hedges wrote. Yet this kind of coherence has a moral and psychological cost. The consequence of an unexamined faith in American National Religion is a moral dualism that exaggerates U.S. goodness and innocence and projects badness on an 'other' who we then demonize as the enemy and kill. 
Walter Wink described this moral dualism as a 'theology of redemptive violence,' the erroneous belief that somehow good violence can save us from bad violence. 
Veteran's Day, in the context of American National Religion, enables selective remembering, self-deception, and projected valorization. In short, it serves to perpetuate lies in order to avoid facing uncomfortable truths about who U.S. citizens are and what kind of people we are becoming. 
Imagine a Veteran's Day where citizens gathered around veterans and asked, 'what's your story?' Citizens who risk this bold step begin to bridge the empathy gap between civilians and veterans and open up the path for adaptive change and post-traumatic growth. 
I believe one citizen who approaches a veteran with the invitation, 'what's your story?' does more for the veteran than a thousand patriotic platitudes like 'Thank you for your service' could ever do. 
Only a First Step 
Asking the question is only the first step. A citizen who wants to give back to veterans should cultivate narrative competence, the capacity to recognize, absorb, interpret, and be moved by the stories one hears or reads. The voice of veterans, if we open our ears to hear them, often provides an essential counter-narrative to the U.S. public narrative. Coffins of dead U.S. soldiers arriving at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware in 2006. (U.S. government photo) 
Violent, sudden, or seemingly meaningless deaths, the kind of deaths often experienced by veterans, can make the world appear dangerous, unpredictable, or unjust. The experience of warfare can often undercut our sense of meaning and coherence and shatter assumptions. Because of this many veterans carry a depth of pain that is unimaginable to many citizens. 
The voice of the veterans often reveals uncomfortable truths and invites collective examination of core beliefs and assumptions, especially those that form the bedrock of American National Religion. 
Imagine a Veteran's Day where communities join together for authentic dialogue between veterans and civilians. Such a gathering would empower veterans to share the kind of stories that would help the community face real problems. What new story might emerge in the process? How might we become a better people as a result? 
The Reverend Chris Antal was a chaplain with the US Army in Kandahar, Afghanistan and later in the US Army Reserve. While in Afghanistan, he delivered a sermon that said, 'We have sanitized killing and condoned extrajudicial assassinations'¦' He nearly lost his job. This past April, in an open letter to President Obama, he resigned his commission in protest over the use of drones, nuclear proliferation and our government's claims of impunity to international law. He is minister at the Unitarian Universalist Church in Rock Tavern, New York. More background here.)
ARTICLE

Why Trump Won; Why Clinton Lost November 9, 2016 
Exclusive: Hillary Clinton's stunning defeat reflected a gross misjudgment by the Democratic Party about the depth of populist anger against self-serving elites who have treated much of the country with disdain, writes Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
In the end, Hillary Clinton became the face of a corrupt, arrogant and out-of-touch Establishment, while Donald Trump emerged as an almost perfectly imperfect vessel for a populist fury that had bubbled beneath the surface of America. 
There is clearly much to fear from a Trump presidency, especially coupled with continued Republican control of Congress. Trump and many Republicans have denied the reality of climate change; they favor more tax cuts for the rich; they want to deregulate Wall Street and other powerful industries '“ all policies that helped create the current mess that the United States and much of the world are now in. A sign supporting Donald Trump at a rally at Veterans Memorial Coliseum at the Arizona State Fairgrounds in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016 (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Further, Trump's personality is problematic to say the least. He lacks the knowledge and the temperament that one would like to see in a President '“ or even in a much less powerful public official. He appealed to racism, misogyny, white supremacy, bigotry toward immigrants and prejudice toward Muslims. He favors torture and wants a giant wall built across America's southern border. 
But American voters chose him in part because they felt they needed a blunt instrument to smash the Establishment that has ruled and mis-ruled America for at least the past several decades. It is an Establishment that not only has grabbed for itself almost all the new wealth that the country has produced but has casually sent the U.S. military into wars of choice, as if the lives of working-class soldiers are of little value. 
On foreign policy, the Establishment had turned decision-making over to the neoconservatives and their liberal-interventionist sidekicks, a collection of haughty elitists who often subordinated American interests to those of Israel and Saudi Arabia, for political or financial advantage. 
The war choices of the neocon/liberal-hawk coalition have been disastrous '“ from Iraq to Afghanistan to Libya to Syria to Ukraine '“ yet this collection of know-it-alls never experiences accountability. The same people, including the media's armchair warriors and the think-tank 'scholars,' bounce from one catastrophe to the next with no consequences for their fallacious 'group thinks.' Most recently, they have ginned up a new costly and dangerous Cold War with Russia. 
For all his faults, Trump was one of the few major public figures who dared challenge the 'group thinks' on the current hot spots of Syria and Russia. In response, Clinton and many Democrats chose to engage in a crude McCarthyism with Clinton even baiting Trump as Vladimir Putin's 'puppet' during the final presidential debate. 
It is somewhat remarkable that those tactics failed; that Trump talked about cooperation with Russia, rather than confrontation, and won. Trump's victory could mean that rather than escalating the New Cold War with Russia, there is the possibility of a ratcheting down of tensions. 
Repudiating the Neocons 
Thus, Trump's victory marks a repudiation of the neocon/liberal-hawk orthodoxy because the New Cold War was largely incubated in neocon/liberal-hawk think tanks, brought to life by likeminded officials in the U.S. State Department, and nourished by propaganda across the mainstream Western media. Donald Trump speaking with supporters at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
It was the West, not Russia, that provoked the confrontation over Ukraine by helping to install a fiercely anti-Russian regime on Russia's borders. I know the mainstream Western media framed the story as 'Russian aggression' but that was always a gross distortion. 
There were peaceful ways for settling the internal differences inside Ukraine without violating the democratic process, but U.S. neocons, such as Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, and wealthy neoliberals, such as financial speculator George Soros, pushed for a putsch that overthrew the elected President Viktor Yanukovych in February 2014. 
Putin's response, including his acceptance of Crimea's overwhelming referendum to return to Russia and his support for ethnic Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine opposing the coup regime in Kiev, was a reaction to the West's destabilizing and violent actions. Putin was not the instigator of the troubles. 
Similarly, in Syria, the West's 'regime change' strategy, which dates back to neocon planning in the mid-1990s, involved collaboration with Al Qaeda and other Islamic jihadists to remove the secular government of Bashar al-Assad. Again, Official Washington and the mainstream media portrayed the conflict as all Assad's fault, but that wasn't the full picture. 
From the start of the Syrian conflict in 2011, U.S. 'allies,' including Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Turkey and Israel, have been aiding the rebellion, with Turkey and the Gulf states funneling money and weapons to Al Qaeda's Nusra Front and even to the Al Qaeda spinoff, Islamic State. 
Though President Barack Obama dragged his heels on the direct intervention advocated by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Obama eventually went in halfway, bending to political pressure by agreeing to train and arm so-called 'moderates' who ended up fighting next to Al Qaeda's Nusra Front and other jihadists in Ahrar al-Sham. 
Trump has been inarticulate and imprecise in describing what policies he would follow in Syria, besides suggesting that he would cooperate with the Russians in destroying Islamic State. But Trump didn't seem to understand the role of Al Qaeda in controlling east Aleppo and other Syrian territory. 
Uncharted Territory 
So, the American voters have plunged the United States and the world into uncharted territory behind a President-elect who lacks a depth of knowledge on a wide variety of issues. Who will guide a President Trump becomes the most pressing issue today. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaking with supporters at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona. March 21, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Will he rely on traditional Republicans who have done so much to mess up the country and the world or will he find some fresh-thinking realists who will realign policy with core American interests and values. 
For this dangerous and uncertain moment, the Democratic Party establishment deserves a large share of the blame. Despite signs that 2016 would be a year for an anti-Establishment candidate '“ possibly someone like Sen. Elizabeth Warren or Sen. Bernie Sanders '“ the Democratic leadership decided that it was 'Hillary's turn.' 
Alternatives like Warren were discouraged from running so there could be a Clinton 'coronation.' That left the 74-year-old socialist from Vermont as the only obstacle to Clinton's nomination and it turned out that Sanders was a formidable challenger. But his candidacy was ultimately blocked by Democratic insiders, including the unelected 'super-delegates' who gave Clinton an early and seemingly insurmountable lead. 
With blinders firmly in place, the Democrats yoked themselves to Clinton's gilded carriage and tried to pull it all the way to the White House. But they ignored the fact that many Americans came to see Clinton as the personification of all that is wrong about the insular and corrupt world of Official Washington. And that has given us President-elect Trump. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com .
ARTICLE

Germany Urged to Pause on Syrian Escalation November 10, 2016 
Former CIA analyst Ray McGovern presented the following statement to members of Germany's Bundestag on Thursday, advising them against the proposed deepening of Germany's military involvement in the Syrian conflict. 
By Ray McGovern 
In view of the surprising election victory of Donald Trump, today's vote in the Bundestag has assumed even greater importance. There are very passionate warmongers in the United States. Thank goodness, President Obama is not one of them. I believe that Donald Trump, like Obama, would like to find a way to end the armed chaos in Syria. 
I believe it is quite possible that both '“ Obama and Trump '“ would prefer that the German government avoid taking steps that would encourage the 'hawks' in Washington. The widening of the Syrian war into a NATO war would be such a step. Former CIA analyst Ray McGovern 
In my opinion, a peaceful solution to the disaster in Syria is not possible without cooperation with the Russians. This cooperation would be more likely with a President Trump than it would have been with a President Hillary Clinton. Let's take the time for a DENKPAUSE '“ time to think this through. (I myself voted for Dr. Jill Stein. She was the presidential candidate of the U.S. Green Party, a small electoral party committed to peace and protecting the environment.) 
Yesterday, I was part of a group that, in our parlance, belongs to the 'one percent' (the elite). In this group was a former U.S. ambassador to NATO. The former ambassador was asked whether it would not be better to talk with the Russians, and to negotiate. He answered the question in a very condescending way: 'You are obviously a Trump supporter. But Hillary Clinton will surely win.' The ambassador added that in this case it would be nonsense and unrealistic to expect early negotiations with the Russians. 
Now I admit, 'Donald Trump is no Jack Kennedy.' BUT, to make a long story short: I believe that next year with Trump could make possible a more sensible Ostpolitik '“ policy toward countries to the East of Germany. There could be a relaxation of tension, instead of the escalation that causes more and more of it. 
I believe we should consider the Russians as partners and NOT as enemies. And to quote Winston Churchill, 'It's better to be jaw-jaw than to-war;' it's better to talk to each other than to go to war. 
Most important, we should take seriously the opportunity for genuine detente. We must now take a DENKPAUSE. The Bundestag should also do some serious rethinking. Let us think of something new '“ beyond images of the enemy and military solutions. 
For, as we all know so well, DIE GEDANKEN SIND FREI . 
Die Gedanken sind frei, wer kann sie erraten, sie fliegen vorbei wie nÃ¤chtliche Schatten. Kein Mensch kann sie wissen, kein JÃ¤ger erschieÃŸen mit Pulver und Blei: Die Gedanken sind frei! Thoughts are free, who can guess them? They fly by, like nocturnal shadows. No one can know them, no hunter can shoot them with powder and lead: Thoughts are free! 
Ich denke was ich will und was mich beglÃ¼cket, doch alles in der Still', und wie es sich schicket. Mein Wunsch und Begehren kann niemand verwehren, es bleibet dabei: Die Gedanken sind frei! 
I think what I want, and what delights me, But always in the quiet, and how it is suitable. My wish and desire, no one can deny me, and so it will always be: Thoughts are free! 
Und sperrt man mich ein im finsteren Kerker, das alles sind rein vergebliche Werke. Denn meine Gedanken zerreiÃŸen die Schranken und Mauern entzwei: Die Gedanken sind frei! 
And if I am thrown into the darkest dungeon, all such actions are futile, because my thoughts tear all gates and walls apart: Thoughts are free!
ARTICLE

Fleeing a Trump Presidency Not an Option November 11, 2016 
For many Americans, the idea of a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress is frightening, with the prospect of right-wing legislation and judicial appointments sailing through, but quitting is not an option, says Norman Solomon. 
By Norman Solomon 
A lot of U.S citizens are now talking about leaving the country. Canada, Europe and New Zealand are popular scenarios. Moving abroad might be an individual solution. But the social solution is to stay and put up a fight. 
The most right-wing U.S. government in our lifetimes will soon have its executive and legislative branches under reactionary control, with major ripple effects on the judiciary. All the fixings for a dystopian future will be on the table. President-elect Donald Trump 
In a realistic light, the outlook is awfully grim. No wonder a huge number of people in the United States are struggling with mixtures of grief, anger, frustration, fear. 
If Donald Trump and major forces backing him get their way, the conditions described by Frederick Douglass '” still all too prevalent now '” will worsen in the years ahead: 'Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that society is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob, and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe.' 
As James Baldwin wrote, 'People who shut their eyes to reality simply invite their own destruction, and anyone who insists on remaining in a state of innocence long after that innocence is dead turns himself into a monster.' 
Those quotes from Douglass and Baldwin are in a book of paintings by Robert Shetterly, Americans Who Tell the Truth . Another portrait in the collection appears under these words from Helen Keller: 'When one comes to think of it, there are no such things as divine, immutable, or inalienable rights. Rights are things we get when we are strong enough to make good our claim on them.' 
That statement from Keller aptly describes our current predicament and possibilities. The impending Trump presidency is a direct threat to basic human rights. To make good our claim on those rights will require that we become 'strong enough,' individually and collectively. 
Gaining such strength will require that we provide much more support for independent progressive institutions '” the array of organizations that can serve as collective bulwarks against the momentum of systemic greed, bigotry, massive violence, economic exploitation and environmental destruction. 
We're now being flung into a new era that will intensify many of the oppressive aspects of the U.S. governmental apparatus and political economy. An ongoing imperative will be to mitigate serious-to-catastrophic damage in many realms. We need a united front '” against the very real threat of severe repression that could morph into some form of fascism. 
At this highly precarious time, progressives certainly don't need the tempests of factional disputes and ideological battles. And we certainly don't need the kind of reflexive capitulation that so often comes from the upper reaches of the Democratic Party. We're at the start of a protracted crisis that could become cataclysmic. We need progressive unity and unrelenting determination. 
Only with eyes wide open do we have a real chance to understand clearly and organize effectively against the Trump regime. Failure to put up a fight should be unthinkable. 
Norman Solomon is co-founder of the online activist group RootsAction.org. His books include War Made Easy: How Presidents and Pundits Keep Spinning Us to Death. He is the executive director of the Institute for Public Accuracy.
ARTICLE

 Justifying the Saudi Slaughter in Yemen ' by Gareth Porter, Oct. 31, 2016 
To produce and publish these stories '“ and many more '“ costs money. And except for some book sales, we depend on the generous support of our readers. 
So, please consider a tax-deductible donation either by credit card online or by mailing a check . (For readers wanting to use PayPal, you can address contributions to our PayPal Giving Fund account, which is named 'The Consortium for Independent Journalism').
ARTICLE

System Failure for the Establishment November 11, 2016 
Democrats thought the political establishment and mainstream media would assure them victory as they brushed off Bernie Sanders and insisted on Hillary Clinton, ignoring the growing hatred of 'the system,' notes Lawrence Davidson. 
By Lawrence Davidson 
On Election Day, Hillary Clinton, with all her data specialists and poll gurus, came up short. The morning after, they didn't know what hit them '“ that is, the unexpected fact that statistical data and real life don't always coincide. People often tell pollsters what they think the pollsters want to hear, or what media tells them is the expected answer, while clandestinely harboring different opinions that they share only with their family, friends and drinking buddies. 
Hillary Clinton and the Democratic leadership, as well as their Republican Party counterparts, represent a well-entrenched political system. That system is responsive to lobbies or interest groups and not disgruntled citizens. What is more, none of the country's political bosses can see beyond this system and how it relates to their own political needs. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaking with supporters at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona, March 21, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
During the 2016 election campaign that near sightedness led to a fatal misinterpretation: that Trump represented only hooligans and 'deplorable' people who could not themselves possibly add up to a 'silent majority.' Thinking along these lines, Clinton and the overconfident Democratic establishment made a perhaps unconscious decision to let this apparent bozo Trump lose the election, rather than they, the Democrats, going out there and doing what was necessary to win it. 
For instance, they apparently did not bother to design a message to compete for the votes of those listening to Trump. They did not take into consideration the historically observable fact that millions of Americans had, over the last 50 years, seemed to give up on politics because they saw the system as unresponsive. The Democrat establishment did not respond to this phenomenon. Indeed, they made sure Bernie Sanders, the only Democratic who was trying to respond, would fail. 
A Deep Division 
The truth is that the United States is a very deeply divided country, and has been since the 1960s. The division is multifaceted and involves cultural issues that touch on gender, race and lifestyle; and class issues such as job creation and trade treaties. Also, the city mouse/country mouse divide is very real and very deep. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton confronts Sen. Bernie Sanders in Democratic presidential debate on Jan. 17, 2016. 
Much of rural white America has various degrees of negative feelings toward African-Americans, Latinos, Asians and anyone else who does not look and talk like them. These are the same sort of people who once hated kids with long hair, afros, and a preference for marijuana over whiskey. 
All of these disgruntled ones, like those millions of Christian Fundamentalists out there, have never gone away. They were just waiting '“ even if some of them didn't know it. They were waiting for a 'hero,' and when he appeared, they elected him president. 
So the divisions are real and they are not new. And no one in the political establishment, Democrat or Republican, addressed them. That opened the door for Mr. Trump. 
That means Trump's victory should not properly be seen as a Republican Party victory. Trump just exploited the party label. In truth, he has destroyed the Republican Party as we traditionally knew it. Its future is very uncertain. 
What Can We Expect? 
Donald Trump has made a fetish out of being unpredictable, which, at the very least, is bad for the stock market. Inevitably, however, there will be signs that give a hint as to what might be expected. The run-down PIX Theatre sign reads 'Vote Trump' on Main Street in Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. July 15, 2016. (Photo by Tony Webster Flickr) 
For instance, Trump will have to name a cabinet. Interestingly enough, most of those who will be available, be they private-sector business people or right-wing goofballs like Sarah Palin and Chris Christie, are creatures of the standing political system. They have no real interest in reforming current ways of doing things as against profiting from them '“ which, of course, is a form of business as usual. 
There will be tremendous pressure on Donald Trump to go along with and slot himself into the existing political system in Washington (as did President Obama). At every turn, in Congress and in the bureaucracies, there will be no one to deal with but systems people. 
Beyond a limited number of exclusively executive functions, Trump needs standing political arrangements to operate. Thus, if he suddenly turns relatively conventional, no one should be too surprised. What about all that campaign rebel talk? Well, remember, he is unpredictable which, in his case, goes well with also being a consistent liar. 
Trump promised a lot during the campaign. He was going to rebuild the inner cities, the military, all of the nation's bridges, etc. And he would do so while simultaneously lowering taxes. Short of bankrupting the country, this is fiscally impossible. 
He promised to remake foreign policy, which, being within the realm of executive power, may be more doable. Will he try to cancel international trade agreements? Will he pull out of NATO? Will he dump the Zionists and the Saudis? Will he ally with the Russians? 
These are interesting questions. What about global warming, which he claims not to believe in? How about international law and our relationship to the United Nations? It's all up for grabs, and that worries a lot of people '“ very few of whom voted for Trump. 
Many of those who did vote for Donald Trump don't care about any of this. They voted for him because he appeared to stand against the political system they hate. They want the country ethnically cleansed of Mexicans, the government downsized and, culturally, the clock turned back to the 1950s. If he does not do this, he will appear to have become part of that hateful system, and his fans may well end up hating him too.
ARTICLE

The Establishment's Massive 'Intelligence Failure' November 11, 2016 
As shocking as Donald Trump's victory was '“ and as uncertain as the future is '“ his victory marked a massive 'intelligence failure' of the Establishment, a blow to its arrogance and self-dealing, says ex-CIA official Graham E. Fuller. 
By Graham E. Fuller 
President Trump. The very words hit the ear as a shock; the mind is not ready for it. 
And that is exactly the problem. We could not see it coming. Among other things this tawdry and interminable election represents a massive American intelligence failure. Not failure of IQ, but failure to grasp reality '” now a deeply engrained American characteristic. We not only fail to perceive and grasp reality abroad, but now even at home. President Barack Obama meets with President-elect Donald Trump in the Oval Office, Nov. 10, 2016. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
The Establishment was cocksure down to the last hours that such a thing could not, would not happen. It had drunk its own Kool-Aid. 
A huge portion of this intelligence failure rests with the Democratic Party. Its complacent certitude of its right to win, expressed right down to the end of Election Day, was vivid. 
Such smugness also fed the anger of Trump supporters, many of whom were apparently shamed into hiding it, but who voted Donald Trump in the anonymity of the polling place. 
It did not fully grasp the racism that still runs so deeply in American society, the poisonous and corrosive legacy of slavery that has not truly been internalized by most white people. The prejudice against Latino, and especially Mexican people, betrays ignorance of the historical reality that vast areas of rising Latino power in the U.S. today are precisely those regions that once constituted an integral part of a large state of Mexico, its society, culture and politics '” Texas, Arizona, California. 
The U.S. power Establishment '” the two national parties, the bureaucracy, the 'deep state,' the military, the security establishment, Wall Street and the corporations '” all have believed in their own exceptionalism and right to dominate and determine the course of American society '” and indeed even much of the rest of the world. 
We had no reason to expect that the Republican Party could serve as the natural voice of those who feel disenfranchised and economically marginalized '” dissed in the fullest sense. In this sense, Trump was a revolution from within the ranks of the Republican Party. Or perhaps more accurately, he seized the mechanism of the Republican Party to broadcast a message that the Republican establishment could not see or believe until too late. 
And there was widespread and shocking misogyny towards Hillary Clinton and women. And there was shocking racism in the subliminal hostility to the legitimacy of President Obama. That cannot be blamed on the Democratic establishment. 
The Democratic Party's Failure 
But for all the ugliness of the Trump campaign, the failure and the blame for this situation rests more deeply with the Democratic Party. This is the party that nominally is supposed to represent the liberal conscience of the country, of those who feel excluded or disadvantaged or just plain hurting within American society. Sen. Bernie Sanders speaking to one of his large crowds of supporters. (Photo credit: Sanders campaign) 
Yet the party's establishment not only remained insensitive to the deep source of discontent across American society, it actively sought to crush expressions of it. It was openly allied with corporate America, reveling in the contest of who could collect greater bribe money. 
Bernie Sanders, however, did represent a true, clear, open voice articulating a great deal '” but not all '” of what was profoundly wrong in American society and politics. The Democratic establishment mocked, diminished, or ignored that message as best it could, including President Obama himself. Yet ironically Sanders would likely have defeated Trump. 
The performance of the New York Times is especially egregious in this regard. I pick on the Times because it is supposed to represent America's greatest newspaper, the 'newspaper of record,' in theory a voice of centrist liberalism in the country. 
Yet the Times, fully representing establishment and corporate interests, would not/could not acknowledge the Sanders campaign for what it was. It treated it as an amusing human-interest story at most, a sideshow while the big boys got on with serious politics. It constantly opposed Sanders to the end. And once Hillary Clinton was the anointed candidate, the Times turned its powerful establishment guns against Trump as the sole remaining threat to the Establishment. 
There are lots of things to dislike or even condemn about Trump and many of his followers. But the Times abandoned any pretense of deeper examination of the Establishment that Trump was posing. It became all anti-Trump all day 24/7 with every single writer and voice assigned a niche role in denigrating Trump. News coverage was indistinguishable from editorial. 
The paper became analytically a bore, predictable, a kind of Pravda-on-Hudson. Same-ole same-ole every day. They began to believe it. One had to turn to the foreign press to sometimes get a little broader and deeper analysis. 
More hearteningly, we got to see the significant power of the left-of-center voices, primarily relegated to the internet, which made major contributions in understanding the phenomena at hand if anybody bothered to look. The Nation has to rank high in this regard, a publication largely dismissed by the Establishment as marginal, ideological and crank. So did other sites like Truth-Out, Common Sense, Real News, Real World News, Consortium News, Tom Englehardt, and Reader Supported News. 
It was not that these sites were right about everything, and god knows each had their own clear perspective and preferences as well, but they were willing to examine the alternative realities around us in the world. The Establishment and the mainstream media never got beyond their own smug stance in support of what they believed was the dominant, anointed perspective. 
Trump's Unknowns 
What do we now face with the election of Trump? The scariest thing is that we don't really know. There is a welter of conflicting signals and we each have had our favorite reasons to hate him. Yet manifestly Trump has had his fingers on the pulse of a huge portion of the country that feels angry, oppressed and isolated. (Sanders grasped this as well.) Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. 
Trump is also an opportunist. He will say anything to get elected. Most politicians will, but he did it better. (Sanders, to his credit, did not say anything to get elected '” that is why the Establishment was so shocked, dismissive and incredulous about him.) 
How else to explain the rush of the entire spectrum of the Establishment, Democrat and Republican, including leading neoconservatives, to publicly repudiate Trump and declare Hillary as their candidate? 
At this point, Trump's checkered and inconsistent platform record makes it hard to know who the real Trump is. President Obama is probably right that Trump would seem to be temperamentally unfit to be president. But Trump is not the first to be so. 
Let's remember that for much of his earlier campaign Trump was often to the left of Hillary '” he said the rich should pay more taxes, he attacked and discredited Bush Jr.'s military adventures, he said he could get along with Putin, he said that the U.S. should adopt a neutral stance on the Palestinian issue, he opposed the corporatization of foreign policy in the form of 'globalization,' and he opposed compulsive U.S. intervention abroad. 
He tacitly acknowledged that America was no longer 'great''”fairly evident by so many measures, but denied shrilly by Hillary. Trump has subsequently backed off from many of these positions. Were those his instinctive 'default' positions? They served him well at the outset, along with lots of other bad ideas and attitudes. 
The Republican and Democratic establishments and the American 'deep state' are indeed aware that they may be losing their sinecure on political, financial, military and security policy. How successful might they be in enfolding Trump within their embrace and 'rightly guiding' him. And do we want that? 
The co-optive power of the American 'deep state' is great. The Republican and Democrat establishments may be deeply competitive on domestic issues, especially social ones. But they seem to close ranks on foreign policy. There has been no debate, no discussion about American 'exceptionalism,' its right to intervene anywhere and everywhere in the world, and the need to maintain American supremacy in all things, especially military. 
The knee-jerk hatred of Russia as its former Cold War opponent, now no longer prostrate. America's deep fear of China as a rising and successful rival. The reluctance to embrace multilateralism except on U.S. terms. The routine preference for military solutions ('if we have it, why not use it?') involving issues that above all require diplomatic and political solutions. US reluctance to acknowledge the importance of other rising nations, among them the BRICS. The tendency to believe that every issue in the world may represent a 'vital American interest.' 
Who Is Trump? 
In the absence of information so far on who President Trump's actual appointees will be, it is hard to speculate about future foreign policy. Initial rumors of potential nominees are disquieting. But I tend to think that Trump, by himself, may not be any more likely to stumble into war than Hillary Clinton would have been. Worryingly, the foreign policy 'deep state' may override him. A sign supporting Donald Trump at a rally at Veterans Memorial Coliseum at the Arizona State Fairgrounds in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016 (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Domestically, non-white Americans, and all women, have much reason to fear his language '” even more, to fear the views and voices of many of Trump's supporters. But Trump may have enough ego to now try to be president of 'all of America.' 
His FDR, New Deal instincts '” occasionally uttered '” could be significant. A bold, dramatic new domestic agenda could have great impact and be entirely affordable, but only if corporations pay their taxes and if half the U.S. military budget '” bigger than the next ten nations in the world combined '” was dedicated to fixing America's crying infrastructural and economic needs for the bottom 90 percent of the population. 
Shockingly, we have a military budget six times greater than the monies allocated to American education '” and this in a techno-competitive world. 
In the end, this election represents the total collapse of the Republican Party (which is not a true conservative party but a corporate and socially reactionary party). And the election has now gutted the Democratic establishment as well. It had it coming. 
But the forces that have kept this country on the wrong path for so long are so intractable, so institutionalized, so resistant to change that it may just require just such a massive shake-up of the system to allow new and creative forces to arise. 
Strikingly, America is the only democracy in the world that has no Left. The U.S. political spectrum begins just right of center with Obama (except on social issues) and marches on across to a Crazy Right. Indeed, it is slanderous to be called a liberal today, much less a 'leftist.' (Being a 'rightist' is fine.) 
Above all, we should hope that a true genuine Left will now arise in the country, of which Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren are important components. Youth will be its vital second base. Its ranks will grow rapidly if Trump fails to deliver. 
The need for big-time change has never been more apparent. Will this cataclysm within the Establishment now give birth to new creative forces, bigger than Trump himself? 
Graham E. Fuller is a former senior CIA official, author of numerous books on geopolitics and the Muslim World; his latest book is Breaking Faith: A novel of espionage and an American's crisis of conscience in Pakistan. (Amazon, Kindle) grahamefuller.com
ARTICLE

Carbon Tax Reversal in Washington State November 12, 2016 
Exclusive: Washington State's rejection of a modest carbon tax '“ opposed by some environmentalists for not being larger '“ marks a reversal for what could have been a model for the U.S., writes Jonathan Marshall. 
By Jonathan Marshall 
Even as voters nationally elected a notorious climate denier as their next president, several environmental groups rallied to help defeat a ballot measure in the state of Washington that would have taxed carbon emissions. It was an historic missed opportunity that should provoke serious reflection about realistic strategies for fighting global warming. 
With the possible exception of the rising threat of nuclear war , no issue facing humanity is more urgent than climate change. Yet the world's second largest carbon polluter, the United States, has consistently failed to take tough national measures to curb its emissions, owing to fierce resistance by the fossil-fuel industry and its conservative allies. Although most Americans believe climate change is real, they are easily spooked into inaction by warnings of higher energy costs or job losses. Graphic on 'The Greenhouse Effect' at the Environmental Protection Agency's Web site 
That's why Initiative 732 on Washington's ballot was so important: It offered a plausible way to bring skittish taxpayers and businesses on board the climate action train by addressing their concerns about the economic costs of environmental remedies. 
The $2 billion carbon tax proposal, modeled on a successful tax in neighboring British Columbia , offered a carrot-and-stick approach to effect change. Rising gradually over time, it would have added about 25 cents to the price of a gallon of gasoline and roughly two cents per kilowatt-hour to the price of electricity generated from fossil fuels. Most consumers would have found those 'sticks' motivating but not crippling. 
The carrots in the measure were a 1 percent cut in the state's regressive sales tax, near elimination of business taxes for manufacturing to protect jobs, and tax rebates of up to $1,500 for hundreds of thousands of low-income households. Through 'revenue neutrality' '” giving back the money it raised '” the initiative aimed to quiet anti-tax activists. And targeting so many of the benefits to people of modest means, it beat the usual rap that higher energy costs fall hardest on those who can least afford them. 
Tax Endorsements 
Charles Komanoff, New York-based director of the Carbon Tax Center, called the Washington proposal 'fantastic,' saying, 'I think it's really fair and smart.' 
The proposal also won over influential Harvard economist Greg Mankiw, former chair of President George W. Bush's Council of Economic advisers, who said 'I'm hopeful that it would become a model for other states, and indeed nationwide. . . . This kind of thing is really the model for where climate policy needs to go in the coming years.' 
Many economists believe that using market prices rather than command-and-control regulations to influence energy choices will ultimately achieve the most bang for the buck. 
The initiative also won the endorsement of the Audubon Society, famed climate scientist James Hansen, dozens of scientists at the University of Washington, and climate activist Leonard DiCaprio. 
On the other side, not surprisingly, the measure earned the militant opposition of Koch Industries, other petrochemical companies and a major utility. They spent more than a million dollars to kill the initiative. 
Much more surprisingly, the fossil-fuel lobby was joined in opposition, or non-endorsement, by Sierra Club, Union of Concerned Scientists, Washington Environmental Council, and several other environmental, social justice and health advocacy groups. By dividing the environmental movement, they helped cut the 'yes' vote to 42 percent. 
Their chief concern: the initiative didn't raise taxes enough or mandate more spending on renewable energy development, mass transit, affordable housing and community programs. They let their liberal-progressive ideas of the perfect be the enemy of what one MIT energy economist called 'by far the most aggressive U.S. proposal' he's ever seen. 
Perfect as Enemy of Good 
Opponents did raise legitimate issues, such as whether the initiative set the carbon tax high enough to fully pay for the tax rebates. Critics also questioned , with reason, whether the drafters' studied attempts to win over businesses and conservatives would actually produce results. Oil billionaires David and Charles Koch. 
But some of the criticism was hyperbolic. Naomi 'Shock Doctrine' Klein, for example, smeared the carbon tax initiative as 'right-wing friendly' and 'the policy choice of big polluters.' She further denounced it as 'a disastrous precedent that could set back the climate justice movement for a decade,' apparently because it would not immediately 'jumpstart an urgent, sweeping phase-out of fossil fuels' or 'deliver the massive green energy investments and community-driven solutions we all need.' 
Klein and other hard-liners fail to acknowledge some basic truths. First, even voters in liberal Washington may be reticent to approve huge new tax-and-spend programs. Second, slamming residents with really high carbon taxes would ensure the premature death of any such program. A modest carbon tax can be raised over time once voters are reassured that it doesn't cost jobs or pinch their wallets excessively. 
Moreover, purists ignore the fact that a more radical program in Washington, even if approved, would have no direct impact on global warming. The contribution of any one state to the global pool of carbon emissions is minuscule. Only broad, collective action ultimately matters. 
Where a state like Washington can make a difference is by showcasing a model approach with broad appeal. A successful and popular carbon tax in Washington might convince other states and other countries to follow suit, just as British Columbia's successful tax is now spreading across Canada . That's why Koch Industries and other fossil-fuel interests spent so much to defeat it. 
Environmentalists who denigrate anything short of super-progressive policies are living in a thick bubble. In an age when the media barely even acknowledge the existence of climate change, and when voters elect Donald Trump president, we need creative new approaches to combating climate change. 
Let's hope the vote in Washington, rather than closing the door on smart carbon taxes, has, in the words of Audubon Washington's executive director, 'awakened a sleeping giant' in 'the fight for commonsense climate solutions.'
ARTICLE

For Many Americans, A Day to Forget November 12, 2016 
For many Americans, Nov. 9 was a time of shock at the surprise election of Donald Trump, but the distress was perhaps strongest in New York City which knows Trump best, writes Michael Winship. 
By Michael Winship 
I would just as soon forget the morning after my father was nearly killed in a car accident and I heard my sister in her bedroom cry out as our mother told her. I would just as soon forget the morning after my father's store burned to the ground, set ablaze after someone living next door to it fell asleep smoking. Or the morning the pay phone on my college dormitory floor rang and it was my mother telling me my father had died. 
I would just as soon forget the morning after Election Day, 1972. I was on the campaign staff of Democratic presidential candidate George McGovern. I had spent the last couple of weeks in Connecticut. They told us we would lose the state by around 100,000 votes, but we put our shoulders to the wheel and managed to lose it by more than a quarter of a million. Richard Nixon beat us everywhere but Massachusetts and the District of Columbia. People knew about Watergate by then but didn't yet care very much. It was a cold, rainy drive back to Washington. 
While I'm at it, I'd like to forget the morning after John Lennon was murdered in December 1980. Another cold, rainy day. All of Manhattan was in shock. I took the subway up to 72nd Street and walked to the Dakota, the apartment building where Lennon lived and died. Fans stood on the sidewalks, soaked, holding radios and tape players, blasting his music, leaving sodden flowers and guttering candles on the doorsteps and windowsills. 
And, of course, the morning of 9/11 and the morning after and the morning after that. I live a mile and a half from Ground Zero and saw the towers burn. The day after, we were sealed off from the rest of the city, streets closed to everything but emergency traffic. The smells of burning, of melted metal and other horrors intermittently filled the air, as they would for weeks to come. 
Finally, I would just as soon forget Wednesday morning of this very week, Nov. 9. Donald Trump made his victory speech around 3 a.m. A few hours later, as daylight broke, the sky was overcast with a bit of rain and much of New York had fallen into the pained silence of a deep funk. Some compared it to the city's mood after 9/11 but no, in 2001 there were almost immediate feelings of defiance and resolve mixed with the loss and sadness. Now there was just bewildered numbness, a physical ache. 
Rejection in the Big Apple 
But a couple of things buoyed me. For one, Donald Trump lost New York City (except for Staten Island) and New York State big time. Here in Manhattan, he received only 10 percent of the vote. Sure, active Democrats outnumber Republicans in the borough by more than 7 to 1 , but from where I sit, 10 percent's a number for losers. Donald Trump speaking with supporters in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
I know, feeling good about that statistic is a bit of a stretch given the grand scheme of things, but that piddling 10 percent is a reminder that people who live in Manhattan know Donald Trump better than the general population of anywhere else in the country. And we voted no. Loudly. 
Maybe we should have been more vocal about this during the election, sent platoons of Manhattanites out into the rest of the country, telling people just what it's been like to live with this guy for the past four-plus decades: The bragging and lies, the crass excesses and raging misogyny, the bankruptcies, the high-rise real estate developments that have contributed to both our gross income inequality and the staggering property costs that increasingly force everyone but the very wealthiest out of their homes and small businesses. 
We could have told them about 1989 and how Trump went after five teenagers of color falsely accused of raping a woman jogger in the city's Central Park, how he took out full-page newspaper ads calling for a return to the death penalty as punishment, how even after the five were exonerated on the basis of solid DNA evidence and another man's confession, he refused to apologize and continued to insist on their guilt. 
And we could have told them what it's really like to live on this island of diverse nationalities and ethnicities, of many religions and gender orientations, and the resulting, incredible variety of food, fashion, music and art; how once you're unavoidably and insistently immersed in our differences, more often than not they're a cause for celebration and not fear and hate. A lesson yet to be learned by our resident President-elect, who lives in a tower high above such things, but we can hope. 
I feel good, too, that by the end of the day on Wednesday, demonstrators had gathered at the Trump International Hotel on Columbus Circle a couple of blocks from our offices, that thousands more gathered in Union Square downtown, and that all of them marched toward Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue, carrying placards and shouting in protest. Similar actions took place in cities across the nation and continue as I write. 
Condemning those marches and sounding more like the sheriff of Nottingham than his real job, sheriff of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, right-wing Trump surrogate David A. Clarke tweeted , 'These temper tantrums from these radical anarchists must be quelled. There is no legitimate reason to protest the will of the people.' Sorry, sheriff '” dissent is alive and well. Get used to it these next four years. 
In my lifetime, we've managed to survive Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan and two Bushes in the White House. Trump has an excellent chance at being worse than all of them combined. We'll see. It's going to be challenging and often frightening. 
I fear there will be plenty more terrible mornings ahead. But as Joe Hill said, 'Don't mourn, organize.' And so we shall. 
Michael Winship is the Emmy Award-winning senior writer of Moyers & Company and BillMoyers.com, and a former senior writing fellow at the policy and advocacy group Demos. Follow him on Twitter at @MichaelWinship . [This article originally appeared at http://billmoyers.com/story/adds-november-9th-mornings-id-rather-forget/ ]
ARTICLE

Who's to Blame for President Trump? November 12, 2016 
Exclusive: Team Clinton thought the path to the White House led through a neo-McCarthyistic assault on Donald Trump as Vladimir Putin's puppet, rather than addressing the real worries of Americans, writes James W Carden. 
By James W Carden 
Watching the returns come in on the morning of Nov. 9, my mind turned immediately to the question of blame. How could it be that someone so manifestly unqualified for the White House managed to beat a candidate who was widely acknowledged to be the most highly qualified person ever to have run for the nation's highest office? 
For answers, look no further than the hierarchy of the Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee under Debbie Wasserman Shultz, and, later, longtime Democratic operative and talking head Donna Brazile. Donald Trump speaking with supporters at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 

First, as Wikileaks has proven without a shadow of a doubt, it is clear that the DNC colluded with the Clinton campaign as well as with highly placed sources at CNN to fatally undermine and sabotage the progressive insurgency campaign of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. 
Throughout the primary, the Clintons and their vast network of high-profile surrogates in the media sought to undercut Sanders by painting his supporters as not only completely unrealistic in their expectations for what government can and should do, but as a group of bullying misogynists as well. 
Once they managed to push Sanders out of the way, they launched a general election campaign that was stunning in both its incompetence and its cynicism. That the campaign was badly run can hardly come as a surprise, staffed as it was by a young, startlingly vapid campaign manager by name of Robby Mook. 
Policy was handled by the equally young and wondrously overrated former head of the policy planning staff at the U.S. State Department, Jake Sullivan. On the evidence of its policy papers and press releases, the campaign, which relied on such 'outsiders' as Center for American Progress president Neera Tanden, clearly decided that once Sanders was defeated, they had no lessons to learn from his candidacy. 
Ignoring America's Needs 
They failed to recognize that despite the laughably inaccurate Labor Department unemployment statistics, which claim the U.S. unemployment rate is just under 5 percent, millions upon millions of Americans are without work, and are increasingly without hope. 
A country which ranks right along side Albania and Bosnia in incidents of infant morality; a country which has a Gini coefficient (a measure of income inequality) on par with Cameroon; a country with nearly 25 million of its citizens addicted to drugs and alcohol; a country that has a crumbling infrastructure and bad schools is a country whose government has repeatedly failed them. The run-down PIX Theatre sign reads 'Vote Trump' on Main Street in Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. July 15, 2016. (Photo by Tony Webster Flickr) 
Hillary Clinton, a former First Lady, U.S. Senator, and Secretary of State is, as Donald Trump rightly surmised, widely seen as the face of that government, as the face of those failures. 
But instead of addressing the well-founded angst among large swathes of the population, Clinton and her team decided the path to victory would open up not by addressing Trump's substantive critique of the American economy or his entirely appropriate (though never too well thought-out) questioning of the American imperium. No: Team Clinton, Mook, Sullivan, Podesta and Tanden had a better idea. Let us tie the albatross of Russian president Vladimir Putin around the neck of the gloriously unqualified billionaire candidate. 
That, according to Team Clinton, was just the ticket. And so, as I pointed out in the pages of ConsortiumNews as the campaign was ending, the Clinton's pursued a policy of Red-baiting with abandon. During each debate, at any of Trump's mentions of Russia, the Clinton campaign apparatus would kick into high gear and release a flurry of press releases designed to cast doubt not only on Trump's character but on his patriotism. 
Unfounded and undocumented accusations of the Trump campaign's illusory connection to the Kremlin were repeated ad nauseam by prominent voices of the liberal intelligentsia like MSNBC's Joy Reid, New York Magazine's Jon Chait, New America Fellow Franklin Foer, Mother Jones editor David Corn, among many others. 
Their efforts failed in spectacular fashion in the early morning hours of Nov. 9. The electorate at long last has risen up against the suffocating, foolish and impoverishing neoliberal consensus, which has held sway in Washington for the past 25 years. The rush to normalize trade relations with China, the unbelievably damaging free trade agreements with Mexico, the vast governmental subsidization of Wall Street have ruined and, yes, ended more lives than the many wars this country has been unnecessarily been waging for the past 15 years. 
As the University of Michigan's Juan Cole recently pointed out: 'A year ago Anne Case and Angus Deaton, Princeton University economists, published a study with the startling finding that since 1999 death rates have been going up for white Americans aged 45-54. It is even worse than it sounds, since death rates were declining for the general population.' 
In other words, neoliberalism at home and neoconservatism abroad are killing Americans (as well as people in countries where the U.S. government has imposed 'regime change' solutions). Yet instead of addressing the long, slow and sad decline of the U.S. in the quarter century following the end of the first Cold War, Clinton, Podesta, Mook and Sullivan decided that the correct course of action would be to dream up a fictitious Manchurian candidate scenario in order to defeat Trump, a candidate who, for all of his obvious faults, at least spoke to the problems of ordinary people. 
In short: The Clintons and their friends and enablers in the Democratic Party and in the media have only themselves to blame for President-elect Donald J. Trump. 
James W Carden is a contributing writer for The Nation and editor of The American Committee for East-West Accord's eastwestaccord.com. He previously served as an advisor on Russia to the Special Representative for Global Inter-governmental Affairs at the US State Department.
ARTICLE

A Victory for 'White' America November 12, 2016 
The narrow split in the U.S. electorate revealed by Donald Trump's election as President ended with a victory of 'white' America over 'diverse' America with long-lasting consequences, says moral theologist Daniel C. Maguire. 
By Daniel C. Maguire 
My reaction four days out from the moral tragedy of Donald Trump's election as President is this: we are two nations, not one nation. On Nov. 8, 2016, one nation, a very white, very gerrymandered nation, braced by feeble voter turnout, conquered the other. 
The conquest will continue for at least a generation since it includes control of the U.S. Supreme Court. Mid-term elections may bring minor relief (or possibly not because Senate Democrats have far more seats to defend than Republicans) but the conquering nation knows that the Supreme Court and other judges pipe the tune to which all must dance. President-elect Donald Trump and his running mate Mike Pence thank their supporters for the upset victory on Nov. 8, 2016. (Photo from donaldjtrump.com) 
In this new regimen, the environment loses, true democracy loses, unions lose, education loses, women lose, especially those with problem pregnancies, a free press loses, peace-makers lose, people of color lose, 'illegal' immigrants lose, international alliances lose, the goal of basic health care for all loses, the regulations of corporate greed lose, occupied people like the Palestinians lose, sexual minorities lose, real religious freedom loses, the splintered Democratic party loses, and voter turnout continues to lose. And in all losses, the poor are the greatest losers. 
There is nothing new in this. The Exodus story in the Bible (when not misunderstood as history) is a metaphor for human societies. Properly interpreted, Exodus was saying that human social organization teeters between the Egyptian pyramidal model of one percent rule and the alternative Sinai model based on appropriate sharing where 'there will be no poor among you' (Deut. 15:4) and where swords will gradually be beaten into plowshares. 
In the brief period after the Second World War, ending in the early 1970s, the United States getting closer to the Sinai sharing model. Even under Republican Dwight Eisenhower, the top marginal income tax rate was 90 percent. 'Justice consists in sharing,' said Thomas Aquinas. 
During that brief moral interlude, there was sharing and a healthy middle class, along with the best-educated young in the world. We receded from that in subsequent decades, and on Nov. 8, 2016, we solemnly broke faith with humanity's best hopes. 
The tragedy is terminal only if hope, the most revolutionary of emotions, also dies. The Deuteronomist said that we can choose life or we can choose death and then begged us, choose life for your children's sake. That salient challenge remains in the wake of this debacle. 
Daniel C. Maguire is a Professor of Moral Theology at Marquette University, a Catholic, Jesuit institution in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He is author of A Moral Creed for All Christians and The Horrors We Bless: Rethinking the Just-War Legacy [Fortress Press]). He can be reached at daniel.maguire@marquette.edu
ARTICLE

Of course, this was not the case for the urban Ã©lites: Source: http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-09/source-our-rage-ruling-elite-protected-consequences-its-dominance 
Cultural Resistance 
The second aspect to the present discontent has been cultural oppression (or, in the rhetoric of the Democratic Party, 'identity politics' '“ one of the mainstays of the Clintonite electoral base). Its roots are complex, and lie with philosophic currents emerging out of Germany during WWII that somehow fused with American Trotskyist intellectual thinking (which then migrated to the Right). But, in gist, this current of political thought borrowed from the emerging discipline of psychology the concept of clearing the human mind '“ shocking it, or forcing it into becoming the 'clean slate' on which a new mental program could be written by the psychiatric (or political) therapist respectively. 
The political aim here was to eliminate totalitarian thinking, and fascist mental 'programming,' and to replace it with a liberal-democracy circuit board. 
Indeed, the U.S. Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 was promoted by this intellectual group precisely in furtherance of the notion that concepts such as 'national culture' would become meaningless as a result of immigrant cultural dilution. By the 1970s and 1980s , the objective had evolved to implant the idea that there was really no politics to modernity (Fukuyama's End of History ) since all governance somehow had boiled down to technocracy: ensuring effective liberal market functioning '” a matter best left to experts. 
In political terms, the 'clearing' of the mind's inherited cultural clutter was to be achieved by cultural wars of political correctness. The class war had become discredited, but there were other 'victims' on whose behalf war could be waged: the war on gender discrimination, on racism, on denial of gay rights and sexual orientation stereotyping, on verbal micro-aggressions, on sexist language, or any ideas or language which disturbed the individual's sense of 'safe space' were used as tools to clear away old cultural 'brush' of inherited national culture, and open the way for an American-led, globalized world. 
The ostensible factor linking all these notions of victim 'wars' was that their antonym amounted either to fascism or authoritarianism. The problem with this has been that any white American blue-collar worker who attended church, who believed in family life, and was patriotic, became potentially a fascist, a racist, a sexist or a bigot. 
Many ordinary Americans (and Europeans) disdain this 'cultural' war which places him or her ( according to Hillary Clinton), in the ''basket of deplorables' Right? Racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, islamophobic, you name it,' and who looked upon his or her community as representing nothing more than a 'fly-over' state in the view of the U.S. coastal Ã©lites. 
The deplorables have now risen up. Donald Trump's salty language was no liability '“ it was an electoral asset by thumbing his nose at this correctness, and at so-called 'snowflake' sensibilities . Trump's 'incorrectness' touched on a deep vein of resentment within American traditional society. 
Not only does 'flyover America' resent being termed 'deplorables,' they feel too clearly the disdain in which the American and European elites hold them '“ and dislike their arrogance in suggesting that there is only one rational, sensible way of doing things, and that they '“ the elites, being the experts and a part of the Davos set '“ should tell the rest of us what it is: (despite their decades of failures). 
High Emotions 
Emotions are high on both sides. To gain a sense of how bitterly the cultural war will be fought, listen to this from the partly-Soros-funded populist mobilization movement Azaaz (linked to America's Move On organization): 'Dear Mr. Trump: This is not what greatness looks like. The world rejects your fear, hate-mongering, and bigotry. We reject your support for torture, your calls for murdering civilians, and your general encouragement of violence. We reject your denigration of women, Muslims, Mexicans, and millions of others who don't look like you, talk like you, or pray to the same god as you. Facing your fear we choose compassion. Hearing your despair we choose hope. Seeing your ignorance we choose understanding. As citizens of the world, we stand united against your brand of division.' Billionaire currency speculator George Soros. (Photo credit: georgesoros.com) 
In short, with Brexit and the Trump victory, we are witnessing an historic point of inflexion. As I noted in mid-October (quoting British political philosopher John Gray): 'If the tension between [the globalization project on one hand] and the [sovereign] nation state, [on the other] was one of the contradictions of Thatcherism '¦ From Bill Clinton and Tony Blair onwards, the center-left embraced the project of a global free market with an enthusiasm as ardent as any on the right. If globalization was at odds with social cohesion, society had to be re-engineered to become an adjunct of the market. The result was that large sections of the population were left to moulder in stagnation or poverty, some without any prospect of finding a productive place in society.' 
'If Gray is correct that when globalized economics strikes trouble, people will demand that the state must pay attention to their own parochial, national economic situation (and not to the utopian concerns of the centralizing elite), it suggests that just as globalization is over '“ so too is centralization (in all its many manifestations).' 
Well, the global trend does not seem to be going in the Avaaz direction. It seems rather to be heading toward prioritizing the recovery of the state, of state sovereignty, and of state engagement in the pursuit of economic policies appropriate to the particular circumstances of the state, and in the state's ultimate responsibility for the welfare of the community as a whole. 
The question is what does this mean geo-strategically? And, secondly, can and will, Trump be able to deliver the new era? The short answer is that this new era seems to presage a period of political volatility, financial volatility and in Europe and the Middle East, the prospect of continued political 'shock.' 
It is clear that Mr. Trump is not a globalist. It is also clear that he is aware of some of the dangers of the present global monetarist policy. He has spoken of the U.S. Federal Reserve creating 'big ugly bubbles' and that the next economic and financial crisis has been 'kicked down the road' by Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen '“ and clearly awaits whomsoever becomes U.S. President on Jan. 20, 2017. 
Painted into a Corner 
But three decades of debt-led, financialized 'growth policies' leave the President-elect effectively painted into a corner: global debt has spiraled; the bubbles are there still (kept afloat by Central Bank coordinated intervention), and bubbles are infamously difficult to deflate gently; zero or negative interest rates are undermining many a business model, but cannot easily be foregone, without crashing the bond market; and QE (printing money) is systematically eating away at consumer purchasing power through the dilution of its newly created purchasing power, and the latter's re-direction from 'main street' into the financial sector '“ lifting nominal asset values '“ but creating no tangible wealth. China's President Xi Jinping. 
America and Europe effectively are in debt-deflation. How then to grow incomes so that producers of goods and services can also afford then subsequently to purchase these goods and services? Trump's answer is to spend on domestic infrastructure projects. This may help a bit, but is unlikely '“ in itself '“ to lift and float the entire U.S. economy. 
The reality is that there is no obvious global engine of growth (now that China's 'industrial revolution' has stalled at best). Every nation now is in search of new engines of growth. And it is not easy to imagine that Europe or America will succeed in retrieving all those jobs lost through globalization. Indeed, the attempt so to do '“ in, and of itself '“ might just precipitate a further deceleration of world trade, and a consequent decline in output. 
In brief, the global economy may see a brief 'honeymoon period' thanks to a likely spurt of U.S. fiscal indulgence and a concomitant psychological lift, stemming from '“ at least '“ the U.S. construction sector enjoying something of a boom. But ultimately the very economic crisis which Mr. Trump anticipates may prove to be the only way to cut the Gordian knot in which three decades of unprecedented debt and money printing have fettered us. 
And if he is to steer through the expected crisis, Mr. Trump will have to eschew the Siren voices of the present elites telling him 'TINA' (there is no alternative, but to continue as before). 
Where Mr Trump might look for an early (and relatively easy) success however, may be in foreign policy. As 'Nixon went to China,' so Trump can go to Russia and China, and begin to treat them as normal nations with whom it is possible to find an intersection of interests (as well as areas of disagreement). 
This would be revolutionary. It could change the geo-strategical map. And as President Putin keeps repeating '¦ the door is open (at least for now). Nothing is forever in politics. 
Alastair Crooke is a former British diplomat who was a senior figure in British intelligence and in European Union diplomacy. He is the founder and director of the Conflicts Forum, which advocates for engagement between political Islam and the West.
ARTICLE

Breakdown of the Clinton Money Machine November 12, 2016 
As troubling as Donald Trump's election may be, it carries greater hope for some positive good than the alternative of Hillary Clinton, who represented a corrupt, money-churning machine, writes John Chuckman. 
By John Chuckman 
Brushing away the extreme claims and rhetoric of much election analysis, there are some observations, which deserve attention and which unfortunately mostly provide hard lessons (and not a lot of encouragement for people who hold to principles of democracy, enlightenment and progressivity). 
The election demonstrated perhaps better than ever, and better than has been generally recognized, that America is, indeed, a plutocracy. It took a genuine American oligarch, a self-proclaimed billionaire, a man with a lifetime's economic empire-building, to defeat a family which could provide the very definition of being politically well-connected, a family which had laboriously constructed and carefully maintained a kind of deep well ever-flowing with money for their ambitions. President Bill Clinton, First Lady Hillary Clinton and daughter Chelsea parade down Pennsylvania Avenue on Inauguration Day, Jan. 20, 1997. (White House photo) 
It was the ever-flowing well of money, drilled by Bill Clinton with help from some extremely shady friends, such as Jeffrey Epstein, that made the Clintons keystone establishment figures in the Democratic Party. It was not personal charm or exceptional political generalship '“ although Bill, in his heyday, displayed some of both of those '“ that earned the Clintons their place, it was the money, the 'mother's milk of politics.' In what is euphemistically called 'fund raising,' many hundreds of millions of dollars were provided for the party over the last couple of decades by Bill Clinton's efforts. 
Hillary Clinton fully appreciated the fact that money buys power and influence. She lacked Bill's superficial charm, but she certainly more than shared his ambition. On the charm front, when she was ready to move into running for office, she adopted, perhaps under Bill's tutelage, a kind of forced set of expressions with arched eyebrows, bugged-out eyes, and a smile as big as her lips would allow. These expressions were accompanied by little gestures such as briefly pointing to various onlookers or waving helter-skelter whenever she campaigned. 
Her gestures reminded me of something you might see atop a float in a Christmas Parade or of the late Harpo Marx at his most exuberant. These were not natural for her. They were never in evidence years ago when she spent years as a kind of bizarre executive housewife, both in a governor's mansion and later in the White House, bizarre because she indulged her husband's non-stop predatory sexual behavior in exchange for the immense power it conferred on her behind the scenes over her far more outgoing and successful politician-husband. 
Money Talks 
Anyway, Hillary knew that gestures and simulated charm do not get you far in American politics. She determined to build a political war chest long ago, and there are many indications over the years of her working towards this end of making this or that change in expressed view, as when running for the Senate, when sources of big money suggested another view would be more acceptable. She was anything but constant in the views that she embraced because when she ran for the Senate she spent record amounts of money, embarrassingly large amounts. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton meets with Saudi King Abdullah in Riyadh on March 30, 2012. [State Department photo] In her years of speaking engagements, she aimed at special interests that could supply potentially far more money than just exorbitant speaking fees. Later, in the influential, appointed post of Secretary of State '“ coming, as it does, into personal contact with every head of government or moneyed, big-time international schemer '“ she unquestionably played an aggressive 'pay for play' with them all. It appears that covering up that embarrassing and illegal fact is what the private servers and unauthorized smart phones were all about.
A second big fact of the election is that both major American political parties are rather sick and fading. The Republican Party has been broken for a very long time. It hobbled along for some decades with the help of various gimmicks, hoping to expand its constituency with rubbish like 'family values,' public prayer in schools and catering to the Christian Right '“ along with anti-flag burning Constitutional amendments '” and now it is truly out of gas. 
The Republican Party had been given a breather, some new life, by Ronald Reagan in the 1980s. He had an extremely mixed record as President, but he was popular, held in some affection, and did have a clear vision, but his effect on the party was not lasting. Trump could be seen as another Reagan, but I think the comparison is superficial. Trump literally hijacked the party. He was not deliriously crowned by its establishment. 
The Republican Party itself was formed not long before Abraham Lincoln's candidacy out of the remains of worn out and collapsed predecessors, including the Whigs and Free-Soil Democrats. Parties do not last forever, and here was Trump creating something of a minor political revolution inside a tired and fairly directionless old party, a phenomenon which I do not think was sufficiently noticed. 
In the Republican primaries, he was opposed by tired, boring men like Jeb Bush, seeking to secure an almost inherited presidency, and a dark, intensely unlikable, phony Christian fundamentalist like Ted Cruz, and it proved to be no contest. Trump's capture of the GOP nomination was a remarkable political achievement, but I think it was only possible given the sorry state of the party. 
The press was too busy attacking Trump from the start to take notice or do any intelligent analysis, and he was attacked precisely for the potential damage to the Establishment that he represented. His most promising quality was his potential for creating a new coalition of interests and one excluding the continuation of the Neocon Wars that Hillary Clinton embraced and promised to expand. 
A Democratic Party in Trouble 
But the Democratic Party is in serious trouble, too. It has a great deal of internal rot, as the WikiLeaks material from the Democratic National Committee clearly shows us. Arrogance, lack of direction, ignorance of the people whom the party has always claimed to serve, bad decision-making, and the absolute prostrate worship of money are the major symptoms. Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton at a Democratic presidential debate sponsored by CNN. 
It would have been impossible for the party to have so made up its mind and committed its resources to Hillary Clinton without serious rot. She has always had strong negatives in polling, always been (rightly) suspected concerning her honesty. 
The WikiLeaks material tells us about many internal conflicts, including harsh high-level judgments of Hillary's decision-making, resentment over the backstabbing character of daughter Chelsea who is said to resemble Hillary in her behavior and attitudes, and the belief of some that Hillary just should not have run. 
And, frankly, Hillary Clinton had become for many a rather tiresome, used-up figure from whom absolutely nothing spectacular in politics or policy could possibly be expected. But they not only blindly supported her, they broke all their own party rules by internally and secretly working to defeat a legitimate and viable contender, Bernie Sanders. 
Sanders might well have been able to win the election for the Democrats, but their establishment was blind to the possibility and rejected his candidacy out-of-hand. After all, there were Bill and Hillary beckoning toward their running well of money. 
In hindsight, it might be just as well that Sanders was cheated out of the nomination. He proved a weak individual in the end, giving in to just the forces that he had claimed to oppose and leaving his enthusiastic followers completely let down. There he was, out on the hustings, supporting everything he ever opposed as personified in Hillary Clinton. Men of that nature do not stand up well to Generals and Admirals and the heads of massive corporations, a quality which I do think we have some right to expect Trump to display. 
Public Distrust 
Another important fact about the election is that it was less the triumph of Trump than the avoidance of Hillary that caused the defeat. The numbers are unmistakable. Yes, Trump did well for a political newcomer and a very controversial figure, but Hillary simply did badly, not approaching the support Obama achieved in key states, again something reflecting the documented fact that she is not a well-liked figure and the Party blundered badly in running her. President-elect Donald Trump 
But again, money talks, and the Clintons, particularly Bill, are the biggest fundraisers they have had in our lifetime. No one was ready to say no to the source of all that money. 
Now, to many Americans, the election result must seem a bit like having experienced something of a revolution, although a revolution conducted through ballots, any other kind being literally impossible by design in this massive military-security state. 
In a way, it does represent something of a revolutionary event, owing to the fact that Trump the Oligarch is in his political views a bit of a revolutionary or at least a dissenter from the prevailing establishment views. And, as in any revolution, even a small one, there are going to be some unpleasant outcomes. 
The historical truth of politics is that you never know from just what surprising source change may come. Lyndon Johnson, life-long crooked politician and the main author of the horrifying and pointless Vietnam War, did more for the rights of black Americans than any other modern president. Franklin Roosevelt, son of wealthy establishment figures, provided remarkable leadership in the Great Depression, restoring hopes and dreams for millions. 
Change, important, change, never comes from establishments or institutions like political parties. It always comes from unusual people who seem to step out of their accustomed roles in life with some good or inspired ideas and have the drive and toughness to make them a reality. 
I have some limited but important hopes for Trump. I am not blind or delirious expecting miracles from this unusual person, and after the experience of Barack Obama, who seemed such a promising young figure but fairly quickly proved a crushing, bloody disappointment, I can never build up substantial hopes for any politician. And what was the choice anyway? Hillary Clinton was a bought-and-paid one-way ticket to hell. 
Trump offers two areas of some hope, and these both represent real change. The first is in reducing America's close to out-of-control military aggressiveness abroad. This aggressiveness, reflecting momentum from what can only be called the Cheney-Rumsfeld Presidency, continued and grew under the weak and ineffectual leadership of Obama and was boosted and encouraged by Hillary as Secretary of State. 
Hillary did a lot of killing during her tenure inside the federal government, advocating and promoting military interventions as First Lady, U.S. Senator and Secretary of State. She along with Obama is responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands of men, women and children, many of them literally torn apart by bombs. 
Welfare of Americans 
The other area of some hope is for the welfare of ordinary Americans who have been completely ignored by national leaders for decades. George W. Bush's lame reaction to Hurricane Katrina (before he was internationally shamed into some action) has become the normal pattern for America's national government when it comes to ordinary Americans. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt at a press conference. 
Inside the Democratic Party, the truth is that the legacy of FDR has withered to nothing and no longer plays any role, and of course never did in the Republican Party. By welfare, I do not mean the kind of state assistance to the poor that Bill Clinton himself worked to end. Nothing can impress someone not familiar with America's dark corners more than a visit to places like Detroit or Gary or Chicago's South Side, parts of New Orleans, or Newark or dozens of other places where Americans live in conditions in every way comparable to Third World hellholes. 
No, I mean the people's general well-being. Trump's approach will be through jobs and creating incentives for jobs. I don't know whether he can succeed, but, just as he asked people in some of his speeches, 'What do you have to lose?' Just having someone in power who pays any attention to the 'deplorables' is a small gain. 
People should never think of the Clintons as liberal or progressive, and that was just as much true for Bill as it is for Hillary. His record as President '“ apart from his embarrassing behavior in the Oval Office with a young female intern and his recruitment of Secret Service guards as procurers for women he found attractive on his morning runs '“ was actually pretty appalling. 
In his own words, he 'ended welfare as we know it.' He signed legislation that would send large numbers of young black men to prison. He also signed legislation that contributed to the country's later financial collapse under George W. Bush. He often would appoint someone decent and then quickly back off, leaving them dangling, when it looked like approval for the appointment would not be coming. 
His FBI conducted the assault on Waco, killing about 80 people needlessly. A pharmaceutical plant in Sudan was destroyed by cruise missiles for no good reason. There were a number of scandals that were never fully explained to the public. 
It was his Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright, who answered, unblinkingly, a television interviewer's question about a half million Iraqi children who died owing to America's embargo, 'We think the price is worth it.' He committed the war crime of bombing Belgrade, including the intentional destruction of the Serb TV building. When news of the horrors of the Rwanda genocide were first detected by his government, the order secretly went out to shut up about it. No effort was made to intervene in that case. 
No, any real change in America could never come from people like the Clintons, either one of them. 
John Chuckman is former chief economist for a large Canadian oil company.
ARTICLE

VIPS Memos November 13, 2016 
Donald Trump's win shook up the System but the empire is already striking back as the same-ole powers-that-be seek to 'guide' Trump back to establishment-friendly and pro-war policies that many voters rejected, writes Gilbert Doctorow. 
By Gilbert Doctorow 
The immediate impact of Donald Trump's victory among those of us who favored his candidacy over Hillary Clinton's was triumphalism on the day after. This euphoric mood was very well captured on a special edition of the Russia Today's 'Cross Talk' show, which registered an audience of more than 110,000 on-line viewers, a number which is rare if not unprecedented. 
But much of the potential for positive change which came with Trump's victory will be dissipated if all of us do not do what Barack Obama and Donald Trump did a couple of days ago: reach out to shake hands with political opponents, who will remain opponents, and nonetheless move forward together in a constructive manner. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaking to the AIPAC conference in Washington D.C. on March 21, 2016. (Photo credit: AIPAC) 
If left to its own devices, the U.S. foreign policy establishment will continue doing what it has done since Nov. 8: wishing away the whole Trump victory. At present, these think tank scholars and major media columnists are in denial, as we see from op-eds published by The New York Times and other anti-Trump mainstream media. They question his mandate for change and his ability to execute change. They offer to hold his hand, bring him to his senses and ensure that his election (at least regarding its message about trying to cooperate with Russia on shared goals such as fighting terrorism) was in vain. 
These spokesmen for the Establishment choose to ignore that Trump's first moves after winning were to reward those in his party who had first come out in support of him and who stood by him in the worst days of the campaign, of which there were many. I note the rising stars of Mike Pence and Rudy Giuliani, among others. This makes it most improbable that he will also reward those who did everything possible to stymie his candidacy, first, and foremost the neoconservative and liberal interventionist foreign policy loudmouths. 
Perhaps to comfort themselves, perhaps to confuse us, these foreign policy elitists say Trump is interested mainly in domestic affairs, in particular rebuilding American infrastructure, canceling or modifying Obamacare. They call him an isolationist and then fill in the content of his supposed isolationism to suit their purposes. They propose to give him a speed course on why continued global hegemony serves America's interests and the interests of his electorate. 
Yet, the record shows that Trump formulated his plans for U.S. military and foreign policy explicitly during the campaign. He said he would build up the U.S. military potential. He spoke specifically of targets for raising the number of men and women under arms, raising the construction of naval vessels, modernizing the nuclear arsenal. These plans are cited by the Establishment writers today as contradicting Trump's thinking about getting along with all nations, another major motif of his campaign rhetoric. They propose to help him iron out the contradictions. 
Explaining Trump's Contradictions 
But the answer to the apparent contradictions could well be that Trump was saying what he had to say to get elected. Consistency has not been at the center of Trump's style. I maintain that the apparent contradictions were intentionally planted by Trump to secure the support of unsophisticated patriots while a very well integrated program for the way forward has been there in his pocket all the time. A sign supporting Donald Trump at a rally at Veterans Memorial Coliseum at the Arizona State Fairgrounds in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016 (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Expanding U.S. military might will cost a lot, at the same time Trump has said he will not raise taxes nor raise debt. This means, in fact, reallocation of existing budgets. The most obvious place to start will be to cut back on the number of U.S. military bases abroad, which now number more than 600 and which consume $600 billion annually in maintenance costs. 
The Russian politician Vladimir Zhirinovsky recently described this spending rather colorfully when reassuring his compatriots that the U.S. is not as powerful as it appears. Said Zhirinovsky, a lot of the Pentagon's allocations go to buying toilet paper and sausages, not military muscle as such. Moreover, the bases abroad tend to create local, regional and global grievances against the United States that, in turn, increase the need for still more bases and military expenditures. 
If Trump begins by cutting back on the bases now surrounding and infuriating the Russian Federation, he would take a big step towards relaxation of international tensions, while saving money for his other security and domestic priorities. 
Trump also has said he will require U.S. allies to pay more for their defense. This particularly concerns Europe, which is prosperous, but not carrying its weight in NATO despite years of exhortations and cajoling by the George W. Bush and Barack Obama administrations. The U.S. pays two-thirds of the NATO's bills. Trump has declared that this is unacceptable. 
The Pentagon budget represents a bit over 4 percent of GDP, whereas in Europe only several countries have approached or crossed the 2% of GDP minimum that the U.S. and NATO officials have called for. As a practical matter, given the ongoing stagnation of the European economies, widespread heavy indebtedness and the ongoing national budgets operating at deficits that exceed the guidelines of the European Central Bank, it is improbable (read impossible) for Europe to step up to bat and meet U.S. demands. 
This will then justify the U.S. withdrawal from NATO that figures at the sidelines of the wish list of Trump supporters, not isolationism per se. Trump supporter and military analyst Andrew Bacevich wrote recently in Foreign Affairs that the U.S. may well pull out of NATO completely in the early 2020s. 
As a fallback, the Establishment spokesmen speculate on how the President-elect will be taken in hand by members of his own party and by their own peers so that his wings are clipped and his directional changes in U.S. foreign and defense policy are frustrated before they are even rolled out during the 100 days of the new administration. 
Very likely, that same foreign policy establishment will resume its howling in the wind if they are proven wrong after Trump's Inauguration on Jan. 20, 2017, and he proceeds precisely down the path of policies that he clearly enunciated during the campaign. 
Why do I think that Trump as President will follow through on the foreign policy promises of Trump, the candidate? There is a simple explanation. His announced policies regarding accommodation with Russia, renunciation of 'regime change' as a U.S. government priority abroad and the like were all set out by Trump during the campaign in the full knowledge they would bring him lots of well-organized criticism and gain him few votes, given the electorate's focus on domestic policy issues. 
He also knew that his positions, including condemning President George W. Bush's invasion of Iraq, would cost him support within his own party leaders, which is what happened. He even weathered Hillary Clinton calling him a 'puppet' of Russian President Vladimir Putin during the third presidential debate and other McCarthyistic innuendo portraying him as some kind of Manchurian Candidate. 
A Clash over Wars 
Thus, we may assume that once he is in the saddle, he will not shy away from implementing these clearly stated policies. The impending clash between a foreign policy establishment with its supercilious attitude toward the new incumbent in the Oval Office and a determined President pulling in the other direction will surely create political tension and prompt many angry op-eds in Washington. Seen through a night-vision device, U.S. Marines conduct a combat logistics patrol in Helmand province, Afghanistan, April 21, 2013. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Sgt. Anthony L. Ortiz) 
Accordingly, I have some constructive recommendations both to my fellow Trump supporters and to Trump's opponents in the foreign policy establishment and mass media. I earnestly ask the editors of Foreign Affairs magazine and their peer publications serving the international-relations expert community to finally open their pages and give equal time for high quality contributions by followers of the 'realist' school, who have been systematically excluded over the past several years as the New Cold War set in. 
I address the same message to the mainstream electronic and print media, which has engaged in a New McCarthyism by blacklisting commentators whose views run counter to the Washington consensus and also publicly denigrating them as 'tools of Putin.' 
To put it in terms that anyone in the Russian affairs field and even members of the general public will understand, we need a six-to-nine month period of Glasnost, of open, free and very public debate of all those key international security issues which have not been discussed due to the monopoly power of one side in the argument. 
I am calling for genuinely open debate, which allows for opinions that clash with the bipartisan 'group thinks' that have dominated the Democratic and Republican elites. This concerns firstly the question of how to manage relations with Russia and China. Without any serious consideration of where the West's escalating hostilities have been leading, we have been plunging forward blindly, stumbling towards a potential nuclear war â€” precisely because alternative policy views were kept out. 
For those of us who have been part of the silenced opposition to the Washington consensus of the Bush and Obama years, we must engage with our intellectual opponents. Only in this way can we strengthen our reasoning powers and the quality of our policy recommendations so that we are fully prepared to deal with the fateful questions under review. 
Gilbert Doctorow is the European Coordinator of The American Committee for East West Accord Ltd. His most recent book, Does Russia Have a Future? was published in August 2015.
ARTICLE

How Electoral College Cheats Democracy November 13, 2016 
Exclusive: A shadow over Donald Trump's 'election' is the fact that Hillary Clinton appears headed toward a significant plurality of the national popular vote, a quirk from the archaic Electoral College, notes Daniel Lazare. 
By Daniel Lazare 
The election commentary now filling the Internet seems distinctly out of touch. Many analysts are castigating Hillary Clinton for all the things she did wrong, her failure to connect with white workers in the Rust Belt , her inability to sufficiently rally blacks , and so on. Or they're criticizing the American people for falling for a racist, sexist know-nothing like Donald Trump. 
But these critics are ignoring the elephant in the parlor. The simple fact is that Americans didn't elect Trump. An ancient relic known as the Electoral College did. For better or worse, a plurality of the people voted for Hillary Clinton. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaking with supporters at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona, March 21, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Indeed, her margin of victory is turning out to be bigger than many imagined. The latest count by the Associated Press has her ahead by about a half million popular votes, or Clinton's 48 percent to Trump's 47 percent. That's about the same as George W. Bush's losing margin in 2000 before a judicial coup d'Ã©tat propelled him into office. 
But Nate Cohen of The New York Times 's 'Upshot' team is predicting that by the time all mail-in, absentee, and provisional ballots are counted, it will end up even bigger, i.e., as high as 2.2 million , or 1.7 percent. That's ten times John F. Kennedy's margin of victory in 1960 and four times Richard Nixon's in 1968. 
If true, then Clinton will not only have won in terms of the popular vote, she will have won big (or as Trump might say 'bigly' or 'big league' depending on how you decipher one of his favorite expressions). Yet thanks to an obscure constitutional quirk, she's not the one going to the White House. Instead, an orange-haired reality TV star is so that he possibly can do to the United States what he did to his own real-estate empire, i.e. drive it into bankruptcy. 
A Failure of Democracy 
Three things seem clear as a consequence. One is that America has a major problem on its hands. After all, this is the second time in 16 years that the people (or at least a plurality of the people) have been robbed of their choice for president. And both times political democracy has suffered a major body blow as a consequence. How much more abuse the democratic process can take without succumbing entirely is now open to question. An artist's rendering of the Constitutional Convention in 1787 
A second thing is that no one has foggiest idea how to fix it. A third is that the ruling elite and its minions in the chattering classes don't give a damn because, in contrast to the population at large, they benefit from the breakdown (it's much easier to control a demoralized population that has lost faith in the value of democracy) and are therefore eager to sweep the entire issue under the rug. So let's take these issues on one at a time and see where they lead. 
First, the problem. The Electoral College is a very Eighteenth-Century affair, an example of what happens when New World pragmatism combines with the Age of Reason's love affair with ancient Rome. Faced with a tentative new republic in which 'democracy' tended to be limited, local and individualist, the Framers concluded that a special body of elite electors was needed to hold the country together and ensure that a solid leader like George Washington took the reins. 
The decision may not have been unreasonable given the exigencies of the day. (The proposed Constitution was a radical departure from the Articles of Confederation, which made the states supreme. The Constitution shifted sovereignty to 'We the People,' but the states, especially the small ones, still wanted a significant role in the new hybrid system.) 
Unexpected Problems 
But 230 years later, the device has turned out to have unexpected consequences. By awarding one vote for every senator and representative that a state sends to Washington, it triples the clout of demographic Lilliputians like Wyoming (population 586,107, according to the most recent estimate) at the expense of multi-racial giants like California (population 39.1 million). By forcing presidential candidates to concentrate on a handful of swing states, it sidelines Democratic strongholds like California or New York along with Republican bastions such as Indiana or the Deep South. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in an MSNBC interview. 
It also effectively cancels out millions of votes. Since Clinton carried New York State by 59 percent, it means that out of the 4.1 million people who voted her, some 632,000 might just as well have stayed home. Since she carried California by 61 percent, more than a million Golden State residents could have done the same. 
Since it makes it possible to rack up a majority of electoral votes by winning a plurality in a surprisingly small number of state contests, one reform group has calculated that a candidate could conceivably win with as little as 30 percent of the popular vote overall. Indeed, if a third party makes a strong showing, it could even be less since all the winning candidate would have to do is win a 34-percent plurality in as few as 16 states. 
As farfetched as such arithmetic may be, it shows how readily the two kinds of votes, electoral and popular, can diverge. The tighter the contest, moreover, the greater the chance that they will, which is why they did so in 2000 when Al Gore and George W. Bush were running neck-and-neck and again in 2016 when the race proved unexpectedly close. Rather than resolving differences fair and square, it's a process all but designed to leave the majority (or a plurality) feeling cheated and scorned when races are hardest fought. 
Undercounting Urban Voters 
The Electoral College also tips the balance in favor of the Right by penalizing urban giants like California or New York, where ten times as many people ride the subways each day as live in all of Wyoming . Where Hispanics and racial minorities account for 44 percent of the ten most populous states, they account for less than 30 percent of the ten least. Yet it's the latter who benefit. A protest placard at a rally in New York, April 19, 2016. (Photo by The All-Nite Images Flickr) 
This is unfair, undemocratic, and downright racist. But it's also counterproductive because it prevents government from addressing human needs where they are most likely to occur, i.e. in crowded cities or traffic-snarled suburbs rather than in the Big Sky country of Montana where hardly anyone lives and cows outnumber people by better than two to one . 
Not that the Electoral College is the only institution that shamelessly flouts the principle of one person-one vote. The Senate is even worse since it gives equal weight to California and Wyoming even though the former's population is some 67 times greater. But not only do two wrongs not make a right, but it turns out that Democratic senatorial candidates collectively outpolled Republicans on Tuesday as well by 45.2 million to 39.3 . But so inequitable is the system that the GOP still wound up with a 51-seat majority. 
Something must be done, which brings us to problem number two: the solution. The answer is that nothing can be done because, under the current system, the tools to fix it do not exist. In 2006, a Stanford computer science professor named John Koza came up with a clever scheme to sidestep the Electoral College by calling on each state to pledge its electoral votes to whoever won the popular tally. Once states accounting for a majority of electoral votes '“ as few as 16 as we have seen '“ signed on, it would be a done deal. 
But after ten states plus the District of Columbia lined up behind Koza's reform, the movement stalled. One reason is that Republican states have no incentive to support a reform that clearly reduces their clout. Another is that swing states are even less inclined since they reap real-life rewards from their role as presidential battlegrounds . So the idea of democratizing the Electoral College appears to be a dead end. 
No Way Out 
That leaves reform via a constitutional amendment. But this is the unlikeliest of all thanks to an arcane amending process that requires two-thirds of each house plus three-fourths of the states to approve any change, no matter how minor. The first is a non-starter since Republicans control both the House and Senate, while the second is even worse since it allows just 13 states to block any reform sought by the remainder. U.S. Capitol. 
Thirteen micro-population states representing as little as 4.4 percent of Americans are not likely to do away with an arrangement that augments their own power. By the year 2030, they'll be even less likely since their share of the population by that point will have shrunk to just 3.5 percent, according to Census Bureau projections . 
Unfairness thus appears to be locked in '“ not for years or decades but for as long as the current constitutional arrangement persists. 
Which brings us to item number three: the role of the political elite. As The New York Times pointed out on Friday , Clinton criticized the Electoral College during the 'battle of Florida' in November 2000. 
'I believe strongly that in a democracy, we should respect the will of the people,' she said, 'and to me that means it's time to do away with the Electoral College and move to the popular election of our president.' 
Twelve years later, Trump lashed out at it as well, tweeting that it is ' a disaster for a democracy .' 
This time around, the silence is deafening. Trump didn't mention it since he is obviously loath to quarrel with an arrangement that put him over the top. But Clinton said nothing in her concession speech about outpolling her opponent either. Why not? 
One reason is that she had taken an oath to uphold the Constitution as senator and had then invoked it too many times on the campaign trail to talk about changing the rules now that they had gone against her. But another is that any mention would lead to questions about how such an outmoded and inequitable system had been allowed to persist 16 years after the political disaster of Bush v. Gore. 
Why did the politicians fail to fix a system that is so obviously broken or '“ for that matter '“ even take any initial steps? How could they be so lax? These are questions that Clinton now finds inconvenient because she knows there is no easy answer, so she held her tongue. Her devotion to the constitutional status quo outweighs her loyalty to the plurality of Americans who voted for her. (One can only imagine how Trump and his angry supporters would have reacted if Trump triumphed in the popular vote but was denied the presidency. One might assume that he would cite that fact as proof that the system was 'rigged.') 
Losing Credibility 
But the problem is not going away. The system is, in fact, collapsing before our eyes. Elections are a mess because they're in the hands of thousands of state and county officials with their own special rules and procedures '“ not because a system like this makes sense (it obviously doesn't), but because that's what the Framers decreed (or didn't anticipate) and no one knows how to change it. President James Madison, an architect of the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights, but also a Virginia slave owner. 
Congress is frozen and corrupt while democratic accountability is nonexistent in an age of filibusters and anonymous Senate 'holds' allowing a single legislator to prevent certain actions, such as confirmation votes for senior officials, from reaching the floor. Poland disappeared from the map in 1795 because a bizarre 'liberum veto' allowed gave each senator power to block any bill and thus throw the entire government into paralysis. Yet today's Senate 'holds' allow individual legislators to do much the same. 
Meanwhile, the only thing worse than a rightwing thug like Trump is a rightwing thug whose legitimacy is in question and who therefore can be counted on to turn even more thuggish by way of compensation. 
Something should be done but nothing will be because the Founders had no idea that the system would last as long as it has and therefore neglected to include a workable toolkit with which to perform the necessary repairs. It's not a pretty picture. But it will not get any better until the people face the problem of how to fix it on their own. 
Daniel Lazare is the author of several books including The Frozen Republic: How the Constitution Is Paralyzing Democracy (Harcourt Brace).
ARTICLE

Gambling on the Unknowable Trump November 13, 2016 
Donald Trump's victory may have shaken up the System but it also revealed a recklessness (or a desperation) among Americans in handing over such immense power to someone so untested, says Michael Brenner. 
By Michael Brenner 
At this moment of unprecedented upheaval, it is striking that some things never change. We are being subject to a tidal wave of interpretation and speculation as to what a Trump administration means for American foreign relations in regard to inter alia Russia, Syria, the Iran nuclear deal, the 'pivot to Asia,' trans-Atlantic ties and, of course, Mexico. 
It is entirely natural for a distraught political elite to wonder what comes next from this unstable, quixotic showman who soon will be sitting in the White House. It is neither natural nor appropriate, though, to make believe that Washington in experiencing a transition of power to be approached in standard terms. The unpalatable truth is that we have no idea as to what Trump will do or not do. President-elect Donald Trump. 
Trump's campaign remarks are the sole evidence available for indications of the direction that he will take. That is an extremely flimsy a basis for forecasting actions abroad. For two reasons. Candidates' calculated sound bites while running almost never are a reliable guide to their thinking '“ in its rudimentary form or as it takes shape under the influence of real life conditions and the counsel of advisers. 
Consider Barack Obama, a far more thoughtful, sober and intelligent man. Remember the objective of eliminating nuclear weapons (rather than committing $1 trillion to the development of a more 'usable' arsenal). Remember closing Guantanamo and reining in electronic surveillance of Americans. Remember ending the engagement of American troops in the 'GWOT' (we now are fighting in 38 places by one means or another). 
Remember 'resetting' relations with Vladimir Putin's Russia to emphasize dialogue. Remember the stated goal of normalizing relations with the Mullahs in Teheran instead of treating them as inherently hostile to America. Remember promoting democracy as the long-term cure to what ails the Middle East (instead, backing full tilt the Gulf autocracies, including Saudi Arabia's homicidal war on the Yemeni people; Sisi's oppressive autocracy in Egypt; and Israel's increasing brutalization of the Palestinians). 
Points of Demagoguery 
Second, Trump's comments about foreign policy were mere points of demagoguery meant, as with everything else he said, to appeal to the primitive instincts of an aroused audience. There is not the slightest sign that he had thought seriously about any of it. Donald Trump finds serious thinking itself an alien mental activity. Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, one of the few Senate Republicans to support Donald Trump, donning one of Trump's 'Make America Great Again' caps. 
Moreover, he has few experienced advisers in his entourage. Apart from some conversations with retired General Michael Flynn, the off-beat former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency, and the chairman of his national security advisory panel, James Woolsey, former Director of the CIA, his 'advisers' have been a collection of odd-balls, non-entities and dogmatists. Woolsey himself is an uber-hawk whose views on all matters of consequence align with those of the neocons, the Cheney-like hard nationalists and Hillary Clinton '“ and are diametrically opposite to Trump's much publicized iconoclastic remarks. 
So what we will be seeing between now and the Inauguration, and afterwards, is a mad rush by a horde of aspirants for the power and access to occupy Donald Trump's mind '“ if they can find it. 
This is the brutal reality. Since it provides little of substance for the habitual commentators, they are inclined to play a game of make-believe '“ conjuring supposedly meaningful evidence from what is a kaleidoscope of emotional outbursts and a fantasia of day dreams. 
There is good reason to believe that within six months of Trump's taking office, when his administrations undertakes its first half-baked measures abroad, the think tank crowd will be writing articles and monographs on 'The Trump Doctrine.' 
In other words, the same mentality that helped get us into this mess. Americans have become committed to a new categorical imperative: I sound off, therefore I am. 
If Truth be told, the America we have known and imagined is ended. It never will return. In terms of relations with others, image is of enormous importance. The United States has gained great advantage from being seen as exceptional. From its earliest days, it fascinated and gave inspiration as the first working democracy, as the embodiment of the hope-filled New World, as the land of the common man and common decency. 
Later, as it grew into a world power, it held the allure for many as being somehow beyond the world's pervasive tawdriness. These images held even as contradicted by slavery and racism, by imperial wars of expansion, by signs of hypocrisy. America did tip the balance in favor of the right side in two world wars; it did demonstrate uncommon magnanimity in its support for German and Japanese reconstruction and democracy. Even when playing the game of power politics, it retained a measure of credibility as the one underwriter and arbitrator to whom others might resort. 
The resulting 'soft power' or 'soft influence' has been a unique asset. Already dissipated to a high degree over the decades of the Global War On Terror, it now is destined to fade into a shadow of its former self. A blatantly racist, xenophobic, studiously ignorant, and belligerent country cannot retain the respect of other governments or the high regard of their peoples. 
A country so feckless as to choose Trump the buffoon as its President is mocking itself. The negative impact will be compounded as the United States is riven by internal conflicts of all kinds, repressive actions and perhaps another serious economic crisis. 
The damage to America's standing in the world should hardly be a surprise; yet many are inclined to underestimate the effect. One cannot appreciate what we have become by talking to foreign friends on the Washington circuit, or by listening to the polite regrets of those around the world who are interviewed by the media. Walk the streets of cities abroad for unscripted reactions to this historic act of national self-mutilation. 
We can expect that whoever winds up in senior policy positions in a Trump administration will downplay these intangibles '“ if they even acknowledge them. In this, they will be encouraged by the tradition of self-delusion that has become a feature of American thinking about its place in the world. 
Think of the Middle East where just about everything that we have been doing since 2001 has been guided by a fantastical view of the region '“ from Iraq, to Syria, to Yemen, to the Gulf, to Turkey, to Palestine and Israel. 
Divorced from Reality 
This tendency to divorce ourselves from reality so as to perpetuate myths of American omnipotence and superiority is also witnessed at the operational level. Consider these examples: President George W. Bush in a flight suit after landing on the USS Abraham Lincoln to give his 'Mission Accomplished' speech about the Iraq War on May 1, 2003 
'“The U.S. habitually characterizes anybody who resists our use of force against them as evil and criminal. Thus, the insurgents in Iraq are 'anti-Iraqi' forces; the Houthis in Yemen are Iranian proxies, the Palestinians are nothing but terrorists, the Russian population in the Donbas region of Ukraine are Russian commandos directed from the Kremlin with the aim of unraveling all of Europe and NATO, etc. etc. 
'“American policy-makers find it convenient to pursue strategies that entail squaring circles. The outcome is predictable. The outstanding case in point is Syria where for four years they have committed themselves to ousting Assad by force while continuing the fight against violent Islamist groups. That has placed us in the absurd position of allying with Al Qaeda (providing indirect material, and indirect political support) while still fulminating about the grave danger of terrorism. 
'“We present ourselves as the promoter and well-wisher of democracy while giving unstinting support to oppressive regimes in Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and elsewhere while facilitating the ouster of democratically elected reformist leaders in Honduras, Bolivia. Ecuador, Bolivia, Paraguay and Brazil. 
These self-delusional practices have prepared the psychological ground for the grand illusion to come in assuming that the America of Trump will continue to draw the world's admiration and its deference to American leadership. 
Normalizing Trump 
The inclination to 'normalize' the transition in treating Trump, his utterances and his odd-lot entourage as if they somehow could be squeezed into conventional molds is understandable. It is a manifestation of an unwitting coping strategy for coming to terms with the shattering event of his election. 
Americans in general are pursuing a similar psychological strategy for the sake of preserving the conception of themselves and their country deeply rooted in their consciousness. Hence, the impulse to minimize the singularity of this revolutionary development without precedent '“ not only in the United States but anywhere in the democratic world. This is one instance where American 'exceptionalism' is not prized. 
This is a natural reaction to a brutal Truth about Americans '“ and its dire consequences. For the choice of Trump reveals most Americans as immature and prone to juvenile behavior. To vote for Trump is the ultimate act of political immaturity. 
There are, of course, identifiable reasons why many were drawn to the flamboyant candidate, why his demagoguery resonated, why his exaggerated imagery struck a receptive nerve. However, for that emotional response to translate into the actual selection of this man to be President crosses a critical threshold. 
Children '“ at times '“ let emotion rule their conduct. Children only weakly feel the imperative to impose logic and a modicum reason on their impulses. Children disregard consequences. Children overlook the downside in their implicit weighing of the balance in giving in to those impulses or not. Grown-ups do not. 
Immediate satisfaction '“ at all and any cost '“ does not eclipse other considerations for adults. Even a child's tantrum usually lasts no more than ten minutes or so. The tantrum of Trump voters has lasted 18 months. 
That's pathological '“ anyway you cut it. Admittedly, some Trump supporters share his perverted view of the world '“ even if contradicted by his own personal history. Let's say 12 to 15 percent of the electorate. A larger slice was represented by dyed-in-the-wool Republicans who relished sticking it to the Hillary and the Democrats to such a degree that their thrill at the spectacle overcame their realization that Trump was unfit for the office. Indeed, many probably expected him to lose and, therefore, felt free to go along for the fun of it. 
That leaves roughly 10 to 20 percent of the electorate who placed their emotional gratification above their responsibilities as citizens and above the wellbeing of the Republic. That is the difference between the nearly 50 percent he received and what a broad rejection would represent. They constitute the hard core of the culpable juveniles. 
What about those who could not stand Hillary, who felt an irresistible impulse to express that feeling somehow? Many options were open to them: abstain, vote for one of the minor candidates, go to the gym and exhaust oneself on an elliptical trainer, get drunk, smoke some weed, pick a fight with one's spouse. Any of these represents more grown-up behavior than voting for Donald Trump. 
By comparison, in France when Jean Marie Le Pen '“ candidate of the racist far-right party, the Front National '“ FN, made it into the second round of their presidential election, he and his party were rejected by 82.2 percent of the electorate. In other words, the French rallied together to reject Le Pen. That is what a mature polity does. And Le Pen is sane, albeit a crypto-fascist. 
Michael Brenner is a professor of international affairs at the University of Pittsburgh.
ARTICLE

The Political World After Trump's Win November 13, 2016 
The Democratic Party's long sojourn into corporate-friendly politics '“ and neglect of its old working-class base '“ has led to the shocking result of an erratic and untested outsider becoming President. But is there a route back, asks Joe Lauria. 
By Joe Lauria 
A new political force in America was unleashed on Tuesday and how the Democratic Party reacts to it could determine its future as a major party. Millions of discontented Americans who have lost out to the computerization and the globalization of the economy '“ and who have been disproportionately called on to fight America's 'regime change' wars '“ have made clear that they aren't going to take it anymore. And any party or politician going forward better listen or they will be tossed out, too, including Donald Trump if he doesn't deliver. 
This election has struck what should be a fatal blow to the Clintons' Democratic Leadership Council movement. Bill Clinton moved the Democratic Party to the center-right at about the same time that Tony Blair did with the British Labour Party. Both parties cut many of their traditional ties to labor unions in the 1990s to embrace the economic neoliberalism of their 1980s predecessors Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher: welfare reform, deregulation of the financial sector and 'free trade.' The run-down PIX Theatre sign reads 'Vote Trump' on Main Street in Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. July 15, 2016. (Photo by Tony Webster Flickr) 
The effect on workers across the old industrial belts has been devastating. Millions have been pushed out of a middle-class lifestyle. They have seen their plants close and jobs shipped to cheap labor markets overseas. Or they have lost out to robotics. 
They've also seen the economy shift from production to financial speculation. And they've seen the greatest transfer of wealth in decades to the obscenely rich. Wealthy liberals who've benefited from this shift often act as if they are morally superior to the system's 'losers' who hear Hillary Clinton put them in a 'basket of deplorables.' 
On Tuesday, these downwardly mobile workers spoke out, giving Trump the votes he needed in the Rust Belt states of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan and Wisconsin to put him over the top in the Electoral College (although Clinton appears headed toward a plurality of the votes nationally.) 
That someone as eminently unqualified (at least in the traditional sense) could flip the electoral map in this way was stunning. But is the Democratic Party listening and can it adapt to reflect the interests of these Americans? The future of the party may depend on it. 
For the past two decades, Democrats have relied on the support of these Rust Belt states as a bulwark for their national candidacies. These states voted twice for Barack Obama. 
But many of these blue-collar workers were counting on a significant change to their circumstances, but Obama had failed to deliver that and Clinton only vaguely addressed their concerns with a variety of mostly small-bore policy ideas. Many of these voters judged that the Democrats couldn't or wouldn't deliver. So, they rudely slapped the party in the face. 
Parallel political trends are playing out in Great Britain, where a discontented working class spearheaded the Brexit withdrawal from the European Union and where Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is fighting to dismantle Blair's so-called New Labour movement and trying to restore the Labour Party's historic ties to the working class. 
Last week , we learned in a leaked speech that Bill Clinton gave last year that he denigrated Corbyn, saying Labour 'went out and practically got a guy off the street to be the leader' of the party. 'When people feel they've been shafted and they don't expect anything to happen anyway, they just want the maddest person in the room to represent them.' 
Bill Clinton's remarks were typical of the Democrats' smugness and their contempt for ordinary people. So there was some satisfaction in seeing the humiliation of these careerist and corporatist Democrats on Tuesday. 
Now, the Democratic Party had better figure out how they can serve the interests of those blue-collar workers or the party can expect more of the same. So far they are blaming everyone and everthing for having created this workers' backlash: sexism, the media, FBI Director James Comey (Clinton pinned it specifically on him), Vladimir Putin, Green Party candidate Jill Stein and even Clinton cheerleader Bernie Sanders (for 'poisoning the youth vote'). 
A former Clinton operative speaking on Fox News said the day after an election loss is a time to engage in the 'blame game.' He said 'everybody is being blamed but Secretary Clinton.' 
Pursuing Solutions 
There are solutions to economic injustice but few in power pursue them because it's not in their self-interest. And politicians of any party act primarily on self-interest these days, which usually translates into the interests of their wealthy financial backers and is thus inimical to real democracy. President Bill Clinton 
Without a sharp turn to the left to regain workers' support, the Democratic Party risks becoming totally irrelevant. A new batch of Democratic Party leaders committed to workers must emerge. They have four years to prepare. 
Senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren tarnished themselves as leaders who can achieve this by supporting a center-right candidate in Hillary Clinton. They failed to acknowledge that Clinton was too alienated from many blue-collar workers (especially whites) who in the end abandoned the party to gamble on Trump. 
Sanders, an independent who chose to run in the Democratic primaries, had been offered the top of the Green Party ticket. The party's   Jill Stein, who was willing to give up that spot, said he never answered her. Had they run together they might have gotten the 15 percent in the polls to enter the debates where Sanders would have been a lofty alternative to Clinton and Trump '“ though had Trump still won on Nov. 8, Sanders surely would have been denounced as a 'sore loser' and blamed for 'dividing the anti-Trump vote.' 
As it turned out, the Democrats managed to lose the White House to Trump on their own. Though the Democratic leadership won't admit it, they now know that Sanders was running the right campaign to defend workers' interests and would have been the right messenger to carry that message. However, to protect their own privileged class interests and those of their donors, establishment Democrats left the country open to the dangerous victory of Donald Trump. 
Rust Belt working-class voters can't be blamed for the choices they were given. Without Sanders '“ and with the Democrats offering one more establishment candidate '“ these alienated voters instead sent a demagogue to the White House, clinging to the hope that he might keep some of his promises: to end ruinous trade deals, bring back manufacturing jobs to the U.S., create jobs by rebuilding the infrastructure, avoid new wars and clean the D.C. swamp of corruption. 
Judging by the people being mentioned for his Cabinet, it's already looking dodgy: the usual cast of right-wing Republicans '“ the likes of Newt Gingrich and Rudy Giuliani '“ who have been part of the problem going back decades. 
Yet, if Trump fails to fulfill his promises to improve the economy for common Americans, the voters he so skillfully riled up might well send him packing in 2020 unless, of course, the Democrats put up another corporate choice. 
That leaves the notoriously difficult path for a third party that could represent the interests of ordinary Americans. But that possibility showed little traction in 2016, with marginal vote totals for both the Libertarian and Green parties. 
Media Also Repudiated 
On the positive side, this election became a repudiation not only of the Democratic Party insiders, but also of establishment Republicans, Wall Street, celebrity culture (with famous people flocking to Clinton) and the mainstream news media. The Pentagon, headquarters of the U.S. Defense Department, as viewed with the Potomac River and Washington, D.C., in the background. (Defense Department photo) 
The shock to the American political system also is prompting admissions one would never have imagined hearing. On Fox News the morning after the election, a group of personalities (calling themselves 'journalists') were suddenly talking about class in America, a normally taboo subject. 
One of them said journalists didn't understand this election because none of them know anyone who makes less than $60,000 a year. Apparently, these pampered performers don't even mix with many members of their own profession. I can introduce them to plenty of journalists making less than that, let alone Rust Belt workers. 
Will Rahn of CBS News accused the media of missing the story 'after having spent months mocking the people who had a better sense of what was going on. This is all symptomatic of modern journalism's great moral and intellectual failing: its unbearable smugness .' 
Rahn said working-class people have 'captured the imagination of journalists, who have come to talk about them like colonial administrators would talk about a primitive inland tribe that interferes with the construction of a jungle railway: They must be pacified until history kills them off.' 
These are stunning admissions that would never have happened without this election result. But one wonders how long such introspection in the corporate media will last. After the mainstream media got the Iraq WMD story wrong and contributed to the disastrous 2003 invasion, there were a few halfhearted mea culpas but very little accountability. 
For instance, Washington Post editorial-page editor Fred Hiatt, who repeatedly wrote as flat fact that Iraq was hiding WMD and who mocked the few dissenting voices trying to warn Americans about the flimsiness of the evidence, is still the editorial-page editor of The Washington Post. 
So, not surprisingly '“ with almost none of the 'star journalists' suffering any career setbacks '“ the corporate media was soon joining more propaganda campaigns for more wars, which are mostly fought by young working-class men and women who actually do suffer. 
The difference now is that this new political force of fed-up voters '“ who 'came out of nowhere' as far as the Democrats and the media were concerned although these voters were staring them in the face '“ might now force a re-evaluation. That's because these voters are likely still to be there four years from now. 
Joe Lauria is a veteran foreign-affairs journalist based at the U.N. since 1990. He has written for the Boston Globe, the London Daily Telegraph, the Johannesburg Star, the Montreal Gazette, the Wall Street Journal and other newspapers. He can be reached atjoelauria@gmail.com and followed on Twitter at @unjoe .
ARTICLE

The World Sees a Diminished America November 13, 2016 
While there is hope that President Trump will end the bloody years of U.S. adventurism abroad, the initial shock from his victory could diminish America's standing in the world, says ex-CIA analyst Paul R. Pillar. 
By Paul R. Pillar 
The impact of the election result on the standing of the United States in the world has too many aspects to encapsulate or even, in this early stage of shock, to comprehend. 
This is particularly so with a president-elect who will have to construct a foreign policy largely unguided by previous thinking on his part that exhibits consistency and coherence beyond a few themes such as discontent with free-loading allies, admiration for powerful autocrats, and conceiving of economic relations in zero-sum mercantilist terms. President Barack Obama delivers remarks during his address to the United Nations General Assembly in New York, N.Y., Sept. 23, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Amanda Lucidon) 
But we can already note some aspects of America's global standing that are related to the election itself and the campaign that preceded it. These aspects involve damage that already has been done, and that the result of the election punctuates and extends. 
Some of the damage stems from the xenophobic content of Mr. Trump's campaign, with the disparagement, or what many overseas will take to be disparagement, of major parts of humanity, including among others the nearly quarter of the world's population that is Muslim. That such a campaign was a winning campaign reveals the underlying views to be held by much more of America than the president-elect himself. 
The extent to which those views are held by Americans who are deplorable or by Americans who are merely discontented and easy prey for such themes matters less to overseas observers than the content of the views themselves. 
This pattern hits the American image hard in a place where it hitherto has looked rather good. Many polls conducted overseas have yielded results that couple negative views of U.S. policies with positive feelings toward the American people. Perhaps the latter part of such results will start to become less pronounced. 
A Procedural Black Eye 
Then there is the presidential selection process itself. The election to the most powerful post in the world of someone who is, by temperament and experience, so manifestly unqualified to hold it will be taken by many as a failure of that process. Donald Trump and Mike Pence during Day Three of the Republican National Convention. (Photo credit: Grant Miller/RNC) 
And Mr. Trump himself provided voluminous rhetoric during the campaign about how the process is 'rigged,' how he would not accept an unfavorable outcome, and how if he won he would incarcerate his opponent, amid references to 'Second Amendment solutions' and the like. A casual foreign observer only needed to listen to Mr. Trump to conclude that America's claim to having an admirable liberal democratic process for choosing its leaders is false. 
A more careful, less casual, foreign observer might discount Mr. Trump's rhetoric as campaign bombast but would notice other disturbing things about the election. It appears that Mrs. Clinton won a plurality of the popular vote, making this the second out of the last five U.S. presidential elections in which the popular vote winner was denied the White House. 
Foreign observers might not appreciate the background to why the Electoral College exists, but the disconnect between votes cast and offices won is even more apparent with the routine and blatant gerrymandering, which has served as an incumbent protection device as well as enabling the Republican Party in recent years to hold a majority of seats in the House of Representatives even while losing in total votes to the Democrats. 
On top of that are the comparably blatant efforts by one party to gain or hold office not just by winning votes but by suppressing voting by citizens deemed more likely to support the other party. And on top of that in this election was the October surprise from the head of the top national law enforcement agency, a development that in an election this close could well have made a difference in the outcome. 
All of this is prime material for anyone overseas wanting to disparage American democracy. Regimes with that motivation have been having a field day. Iranian propaganda writers have had an easy time, merely encouraging people to follow the U.S. election campaign on television. Vladimir Putin didn't need to interfere in the U.S. political process to diminish any image advantage it has over his own. 
The fact that the side that benefited from things such as voter suppression and Comey's surprise won the U.S. political contest is what extends into the future the already inflicted damage to the image of American democracy. That is in addition to this election demonstrating that in America, a xenophobic campaign is a winner. A victory by Mrs. Clinton would have been seen overseas both as a repudiation of the xenophobia and as an overcoming by the political process of the irregularities. 
If there is any possible offsetting advantage regarding what American democracy in action displays to others, it is that we will be spared seeing Republicans doing everything possible to frustrate a President Clinton's ability to govern. The foreshadowing of such a scenario, had the election result gone the other way, was obvious. There was much talk of impeachment, which is supposed to be a remedy for high crimes and misdemeanors committed in office, before the target even took office or won an election to the office. 
Victory for the Saboteurs 
Also, as columnist Richard Cohen observed , Congressman Jason Chaffetz, 'the chairman of what amounts to the Permanent Committee to Investigate Hillary (actually, the House Oversight Committee),' was promising before the election to conduct investigations 'until the end of time or Fox News loses interest, whichever comes first.' Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, and Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, appearing on CBS''Face the Nation.' 
Perhaps most stunning were the promises, after Republican refusal all year even to consider President Obama's nominee to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court, to block anyone a President Clinton nominated to the court during an entire four-year term. 
Such a position not only would have represented a new depth in governmental dysfunction but also a direct assault on the concept of an independent judiciary, which is one of the most important things that separate stable liberal democracies that operate with the rule of law from a lot of other less admirable countries that don't. And this talk was coming not from Donald Trump but from the principal runner-up for the Republican nomination (Ted Cruz) and a previous   (John McCain). 
Of course, being 'spared' sabotage and obstruction probably should not be considered an advantage when the alternative is to have the saboteurs running the whole show. 
The defacement of American democracy, as well as the xenophobia, both of which are already unavoidably associated with Donald Trump's presidency before he even takes the oath of office, have multiple and significant consequences for U.S. overseas interests, however difficult it may be to limn precise effects that will appear over the next four years. 
The consequences will include degradation of any claim by the United States to leadership of inclusive, liberal democracies. They also will include weakening of political advantages '” especially among disparaged or excluded populations and the governments that lead them '” that the United States has traditionally enjoyed as an object of admiration and emulation. They include a reduction of confidence in, and support for, democracy itself. 
Anything that weakens, or threatens to weaken, Americans' own stable, inclusive democracy ought to be a source of dismay regardless of the repercussions overseas. But those repercussions are an added reason for the dismay. 
Paul R. Pillar, in his 28 years at the Central Intelligence Agency, rose to be one of the agency's top analysts. He is author most recently of Why America Misunderstands the World . (This article first appeared as a blog post at The National Interest's Web site. Reprinted with author's permission.)
ARTICLE

Reflections on US Political Tragedies November 14, 2016 
Two very unpopular candidates made the 2016 presidential campaign an embarrassment for American democracy. Now, the outcome could become one more tragedy for U.S. politics, observes David Marks. 
By David Marks 
Mourning seems a strange response to election results; as I consider my feelings after the presidential election, I've realized it's another chapter in a sequence of tragedies throughout my life. 
I was eleven when the news of President Kennedy's assassination came over the loudspeaker in our sixth-grade classroom. Our tough, yet inspirational teacher wept at her desk in front of us. Her tears taught me more than any explanation of those events could ever reveal. 
Not many years later, I suffered the shock of the killings of Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King, and wondered at how these horrific events would shape the future. 
I had wanted to be an astronaut, but soon realized that going to the moon as a U.S. Air Force pilot might have the prerequisite of bombing Vietnam. I began understanding the damage the U.S. was doing with its military interventions, and made a conscious decision to stay away from space and politics. It seemed you could only improve yourself to make a better world. Politics was not for the peaceful. 
By 1973, the stench of Watergate drifted across the country. I was fascinated; a 'smoking gun' is not needed in a murder prosecution, but somehow had become a necessity in political crime. But Nixon's defenders could not counter undeniable evidence of illegal activity by both the President and his aides that was found in White House audiotapes. Most of the political 'nobility' escaped the consequences while Nixon and a few accomplices took the fall. 
We knew Nixon was a war criminal years before, but Watergate set a precedent that our leaders must be caught in the act of some far narrower and less consequential crime to prove they are scoundrels. We do know that Nixon feared and obsessed on the revelations of worse crimes in his past. [See Consortiumnews.com's ' The Heinous Crime Behind Watergate. '] 
Retreating from Politics 
Ever more convinced of the darkness in U.S. politics, I retreated further, convinced that only personal actions and relationships could shape the world. Ronald Reagan and his 1980 vice-presidential running mate George H.W. Bush. 
There was a glimmer of hope during Jimmy Carter's presidency; he was a seemingly honest leader, supporting alternative energy and a cleaner environment, and allowing investigations into foreign and domestic assassinations of the previous decade. But few were moved or surprised by the contradiction of the Warren Commission's findings and the Congressional pronouncement that JFK had been killed by a conspiracy. 
In 1980, my first daughter was born during the northern California Indian summer. Even the election of Ronald Reagan two months later couldn't eclipse my elation. I recall thinking about how the world might be different when she became a woman. I could only attempt to be a good enough father so that she would be kind and strong, and brave and bright enough to gain her equanimity. 
It was only a month after the 1980 election that John Lennon died. It was then I mourned his murder and Reagan's rise as a converged event. Lennon had been hounded by the junta that had taken over the country. He had once observed, 'Our society is run by insane people for insane objectives. I think we're being run by maniacs for maniacal ends and I think I'm liable to be put away as insane for expressing that.' 
I recovered with the knowledge that the power of John's music would stay with us, and knew his spirit would give perspective and strength to my daughter and the many children whose lives were just beginning. Despite his passing, John Lennon's open-eyed idealism had been magnified. 
The combination of Reagan's rise and Lennon's death in 1980, with the background of earlier assassinations of political leaders, continued to shape my world. Disgusted and repulsed by the 'Reagan era,' it was a time for further retreat and the nurturing of ideas for a better future. 
My second daughter's joyful arrival in February of 1984, coincided with the U.S. 'stabilizing' the Middle East, firing shells into Lebanon. Our 'ally' Saddam Hussein and the Iraqi people were fighting a horrific ground war with Iran. The conflict was far away, though I knew U.S. interests in oil resources in the region would eventually turn around to impact our lives directly. 
Despite the violence perpetrated by our country, I was still resolved to make a better world for both daughters in my own small way. Although very young, I knew they were part of a generation of gifted, empowered women who might be able to change the course of the planet. 
Hypocrisy of Reagan 
In 1986-87, revelations of the hypocrisy of Reagan and his gang emerged during the Iran Contra investigation and hearings. I was fascinated that Reagan had sent a bible and cake (along with weapons, of course) to Iranian leaders when he had publicly invoked Iran as America's greatest enemy. By helping Iran with sophisticated U.S. weapons for cash, Reagan and his team could secretly fund the Nicaraguan Contras in a dirty war outside the scope of Congress. Then-Vice President George H.W. Bush with CIA Director William Casey at the White House on Feb. 11, 1981. (Photo credit: Reagan Library) 
The issue of foiling Congress seemed to distract from what was an important question: why was Reagan helping the strongest voices for Islamic Jihad in the region? I recall thinking how any Democratic president would have been impeached, drawn and quartered for such a betrayal to the country. Reagan came away from the 'affair' largely unscathed; he wasn't protected by Teflon, as the press claimed, he was surrounded by organized criminals of the highest order. 
I could no longer bear just watching events unfold. The crimes of Washington pushed me to where I had to get involved. I offered my support and assisted with the work of a handful of dedicated journalists investigating the 1980 'October Surprise,' i.e., tracing back Reagan's secret arms sales to Iran in the mid-1980s to an earlier arrangement in which Reagan secretly approved arms sales via Israel to Iran immediately after taking office in 1981. 
The evidence pointed to Reagan's presidential campaign having secretly made a deal with Iranian leaders to delay the release of the hostages until after the U.S. presidential election. Polls had shown that if the hostages were released before Election Day, Jimmy Carter would have won reelection. And, indeed, the Iranians held the hostages until Reagan had taken the oath of office on Jan. 20, 1981. 
But the statements and testimony of a couple of dozen witnesses including officials in Iran, Israel, Europe and the United States '“ along with important documentary evidence '“ failed to shake off Reagan's Teflon. 
In 1991-1992, I watched as a modern version of The Emperor's New Clothes played before us. When faced with the possibility that an election would be revealed as a complete sham, Republicans and Democrats stood shoulder to shoulder to deny the possibility and limit the damage. No matter how much evidence emerged (smoking cannons), the truth did not matter when Washington's status quo was threatened. I mourned for our loss of truth. 
(To this day,   mainstream media outlets refuse to question the October Surprise conventional wisdom that Reagan must be innocent, although even the chairman of the congressional whitewashing investigation has now admitted to having second thoughts. ) 
However, as the special prosecutor's Iran-Contra investigation and the congressional October Surprise inquiry extended into 1992, they did cast enough doubt on the Reagan administration's relationship with Iran (and the role of Reagan's Vice President '“ and then President '“ George H.W. Bush, a former CIA director) that they affected the presidential election results of 1992. 
Along with his approval ratings falling steadily due to the economy, incumbent George H.W. Bush lost the false gloss of being an honest politician. The end of 12 years of Republican presidents came to an end as Bush lost to moderate 'New Democrat' Bill Clinton. 
The Parties Blur 
Fast forward through the Clinton years when the blur between Republican and Democrats became a thick haze. The Republicans, although vaguely different from President Clinton in some social policies and economic preferences, found they could only demonize him for his handling of sexual indiscretions. His real crime was winning a second term in office, which no Democrat had done since Franklin Roosevelt. Meanwhile, U.S. foreign policy only became more firmly aligned with international corporate priorities. President Bill Clinton 
And then quickly (please) through the eight years of George W. Bush. Although the list is long, the penultimate disgrace of his presidency was the mis-applied vengeance over the destruction of the World Trade Center on 9/11 by using the tragedy to justify the unjustifiable invasion of Iraq. 
Bush's horrific administration, staffed heavily with arrogant and incompetent cronies, conducted a war that gave foundation to a generation of angry young people in the Middle East who will always see the United States as a terrorist state. I realized at the beginning of the Iraq invasion that violence is not about politics; I thought, there's a child in Iraq who in 20 years will say: 'The U.S. killed my father, I'll gladly walk into Washington with a nuclear backpack.' 
There was a reprieve of sorts and certainly some refreshing changes with the Obama presidency. But the recognition that Barack Obama would continue the U.S. military enterprises in the Middle East overshadowed any of his more enlightened policies. Yes, his adversaries tried to foil him at every turn, but the priorities of the wealthiest Americans were rarely in question. Washington politics and its ugly international footprint are a continuing tragedy. 
And then there is Trump. It took a few days to realize that I was in mourning again, as much as I mourned when leaders were killed or when Reagan came to power; I mourn particularly for my daughters and the younger generations of women and men who deserve better. My mother, born in 1925, president of her college class, a beloved teacher and still a strong bright woman, feels that the event horizon with Trump gives her more anxiety and fear than she experienced in all of her life, including World War II. She may not see a woman as president of the United States. I mourn for her loss. 
Hope for Hillary 
I recognize that in many ways Hillary Clinton represented a status quo that has worn on me, but I had some hope that her ascendance to the presidency might change her, and as the first woman in that office, she might take on a leadership role that embraced pacifism; or at least might be influenced by those who feel peace is the priority. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. 
There is much concern for what Trump will do, but the greater pain and loss is about what he won't do. Mourning is always about loss; in this instance, the possibilities of progress that have been taken away for the near future, assuming that Trump continues to align himself with reactionary pols '“ the likes of Newt Gingrich, Rudy Giuliani, Mike Pence '“ who stuck with him   Many Republicans see Trump as little more than a signature-writing machine who will sign whatever right-wing bills they send him. 
So, we will mourn for a while, but a better world can still be realized. My mom and my daughters are no less powerful; and we all can be empowered by the blatant hypocrisy of this election '“ as we also recognize the hidden history that gave this travesty its foundation. 
Political events may influence how we feel; but more importantly, who we are, and what we are willing to do for each other, determines our personal and political future. 
David Marks is a veteran documentary filmmaker and investigative reporter. His work includes films for the BBC and PBS, including Nazi Gold , on the role of Switzerland in WWII and Jimi Hendrix: The Man they made God . He is writing a film screenplay, Extreme Ignorance , highlighting the need to turn electronic media into a creative force.
ARTICLE

Sanders' Democrats Call for Change November 14, 2016 
The fallout from the imploded Hillary Clinton campaign is prompting demands from Democratic progressives for an immediate change at the top, in this case the resignation of interim DNC chairperson Donna Brazile, says Norman Solomon. 
By Norman Solomon 
It's time for Donna Brazile to go. Like Debbie Wasserman Schultz before her, Brazile has lost credibility as an honest broker at the Democratic National Committee. The DNC chair should be evenhanded '” but, thanks to leaked emails , Brazile's cover is blown. 
At the same time that Brazile was publicly claiming to be neutral in the fierce Clinton-Sanders primary battle, she was using her job as a CNN political analyst to give the Clinton campaign advance notice of questions that would be asked during a CNN debate between the two candidates. Donna Brazile, interim Democratic Party chairperson. 
Yet Brazile seems tone deaf about her integrity breach '” just as the Democratic Party establishment has been tone deaf about the corrosive effects of servicing Wall Street and wealthy contributors. 
As the Washington Post reported a week ago , 'Donna Brazile is not apologizing for leaking CNN debate questions and topics to the Hillary Clinton campaign during the Democratic primary. Her only regret, it seems, is that she got caught.' 
Consider Brazile's response after the email hack exposed the chasm between her public claims of being evenhanded and her furtive effort to help Clinton gain an improper debate advantage over Sanders. 'My conscience, as an activist, as a strategist '” my conscience is very clear,' Brazile said in a radio interview , adding that 'if I had to do it all over again, I would know a hell of a lot more about cybersecurity.' 
But the current DNC chair's lack of encryption knowledge is hardly the problem. Brazile has functioned as a shameless cog in the Clinton political machine. That machine hasn't just broken down; it is now kaput. 
In the wake of Donald Trump 's victory, the DNC must undergo a far-reaching shakeup. And '” with no time to waste '” we can't wait several months until Brazile's planned departure from the DNC chair job in March. 
That's why several hundred activists who were Bernie Sanders delegates to the Democratic National Convention just voted to 'call for the immediate resignation of Donna Brazile as chair of the Democratic National Committee.' 
A lopsided tally came in over the weekend, with 96 percent '” 337 to 13 '” in favor of pushing for Brazile to resign. The straw poll was conducted by the Bernie Delegates Network (which I coordinate), an independent group sponsored by the online activist organization RootsAction.org in partnership with Progressive Democrats of America. 
'The DNC must either change or it will die,' says PDA executive director Donna Smith. 'And that change starts with Ms. Brazile's prompt resignation.' 
RootsAction has launched a nationwide petition campaign calling for Brazile to resign immediately. 
A Symbol and Symptom 
Brazile's duplicitous behavior is a symbol and symptom of the Democratic Party leadership '” which remains unwilling to admit that its chronic alignment with Wall Street, big banks and harmful trade deals has been key to sagging electoral fortunes. Bernie Sanders supporters rally in Washington D.C. on June 9, 2016. (Photo credit: Chelsea Gilmour) 
The national Democratic Party has long been in the grip of those who assume that following along Wall Street '” with minor quibbles and facile populist rhetoric '” is the pathway to the White House. That claim has now been thoroughly discredited, as election returns from the Rust Belt attest. 
The old guard at the DNC should not be allowed to hang on. Despite all the pseudo-populist gestures, Donna Brazile and her Clinton Inc. allies can be expected to do little more than tinker with corporate-fueled DNC machinery that is long overdue for the junk heap. 
The Democratic National Committee is now a relic of mechanisms spinning toward oligarchy. Every day that goes by with the old leadership in place is a day wasted for the essential work to come. 
Norman Solomon was a Sanders delegate from California to the Democratic National Convention. He is co-founder of the online activist group RootsAction.org, which has 730,000 members. Solomon is executive director of the Institute for Public Accuracy. [This article originally appeared at The Hill, http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/presidential-campaign/305831-for-the-good-of-the-party-its-time-for-donna-brazile ]
ARTICLE

The Non-Existent Trump Mandate November 14, 2016 
Republicans are claiming a mandate to speak for the 'silent majority,' but the actual numbers show that not only did Donald Trump fail to win a plurality, his vote total largely matched other recent GOP candidates, notes Nicolas J S Davies. 
By Nicolas J S Davies 
Within days of the U.S. general election, central elements of the result have already entered into American mythology: the revenge of the 'white working class voter'; the unprecedented anti-establishment character of the President-elect; the populist revolution that led to Trump's victory; and the years in the wilderness now facing Democrats and progressives in America. 
But the endless repetition of these themes by the corporate media deserves a great deal more skepticism and scrutiny before they worm their way into all our heads to form the established and accepted narrative of this election. Let's first review some basic facts about what happened on Nov. 8: Donald Trump at the 2016 Republican National Convention. (Photo credit: Grant Miller/RNC) 
Who Voted Republican? 
Though Donald Trump prevailed in the Electoral College, he failed to secure a plurality of the total ballots cast, getting a bit over 60 million votes to Hillary Clinton's 61 million votes, according to The Associated Press tally . Meanwhile, only 55.6 percent of 219 million eligible voters, or 50.4 percent of the voting-age population , actually voted, placing the U.S. 33rd out of 35 advanced (OECD) countries in national voter turnout , above only Chile and Switzerland. 
Only 27 percent of eligible voters or 24 percent of the voting-age population voted for Trump. Roughly the same number, about 60 million, voted for both John McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012. The result was different because Barack Obama received 69 million votes in 2008 and 66 million in 2012, while Hillary Clinton could only muster only a shade more than Trump, Romney and McCain. 
As Sen. Bernie Sanders repeated in every stump speech during the Democratic primaries, 'Let us never forget, Democrats and progressives win when voter turnout is high. Republicans win when people are demoralized and voter turnout is low.' 
So, Trump deserves credit for finding a few new Republican voters to replace those who have died in the past fou4 years, and for a successful strategy to gain votes in the right states to win the Electoral College. But the more decisive difference with 2008 and 2012 was the dramatic failure of the Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, to turn out the vote. This was despite, or maybe even because of, unprecedented SuperPAC money and overwhelming support from political, business and media elites. 
Democratic Hopes 
If the Democrats hope to do better in future elections, they must confront this reality. Grassroots Democrats should insist that party leaders finally abandon the long obsolete Reagan/Thatcher-lite Democratic Leadership Council model of politics based on fund-raising, propaganda, corporate welfare and militarism, and welcome the kind of new, progressive leadership that inspired 47 percent of Democratic primary voters to vote for Senator Bernie Sanders. Sen. Bernie Sanders speaking to one of his large crowds of supporters. (Photo credit: Sanders campaign) 
This was all the more significant and impressive in the context of party leaders' monolithic support for Clinton and their shameful campaign to stage a coronation instead of organizing a free and fair primary election. 
We will find out more about who actually voted for Trump, but the pollster Nate Silver already exposed 'The Myth of Trump's 'Working Class' Support' in a fivethirtyeight .com article on May 3. Silver's article analyzed a survey of the average household income of people who voted in the 23 primaries up to that point. The average Clinton or Sanders primary voter had a household income of $61,000, while the average Trump voter earned $72,000, about the same as Cruz's supporters but less than Kasich's. 
The 70 percent of eligible voters who did not vote in either primary had an average household income of $52,000. In broad terms, this tracks the traditional pattern of U.S. politics, with wealthier Americans leaning Republican, the middle-class favoring Democrats and few of the poor African-Americans and immigrants who make up much of the real U.S. working-class voting at all. 
These figures were for primary voters, but they suggest that Trump's supporters were, well, Republicans, like Romney's, McCain's, Bush's and so on. The Republican Party has continually rebranded itself over the past 50 years, generating great fanfares from deferential or captive corporate media for the Silent Majority, the Reagan Revolution, the Moral Majority, the Christian Right, the Contract With America, the Tea Party and now Trump's Deplorables, but behind these well-funded P.R. campaigns, Republican voters remain roughly the same people or class of people. Edward Bernays, the father of modern propaganda and advertising, would approve their ever-changing public message! 
What is Trump's agenda? 
Despite contradictory pronouncements on many issues, Donald Trump's published plan for his first 100 days in office contained more policy details than Hillary Clinton's campaign web site, which followed the DLC model of appealing to principles most Americans believe in without pinning the candidate down to anything detailed enough for most voters to disagree with. 
In Clinton's case, this includes voluminous treatises on a wide array of subjects, but the blizzard of words was short on actual policy details, leaving the formerly presumptive president plenty of room to do whatever she and her corporate and military-industrial colleagues really planned to do after the coronation. As Wikileaks revealed, one of the few things Clinton's staff and financiers were clear on was the necessarily wide gap between her public and private positions . 
Warmed-Over GOP Fare 
On the other hand, Donald Trump's plan for his first 100 days in office includes more specifics and is, for the most part, a pretty standard wish-list of policies the Republican Party has backed for decades. That still leaves plenty of room for smoke and mirrors: President Obama in the Oval Office. 
'“On Trump's first day in office, he plans to cancel every 'unconstitutional' action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama; to cancel federal funding to cities that provide sanctuary to undocumented immigrants; to begin deporting 2 million undocumented immigrants 'with criminal records' (somehow expanding that group from the 178,000 counted in a 2010 Congressional report before Obama's mass deportations reduced it still further); to stop issuing U.S. visas to people in countries that won't accept unlimited numbers of U.S. deportees; to suspend immigration from 'terror-prone' regions; and to begin work on selecting a new Supreme Court justice. 
'“The legislative portion of Trump's agenda starts with 'massive tax reduction,' including an across-the-board 15 percent corporate tax rate, which drops to 10 percent for repatriated offshore earnings to reward the outsourcing he condemned on the campaign trail. This is balanced politically by a vague promise of unspecified new tariffs to penalize future outsourcing. 
'“'The American Energy and Infrastructure Act' will declare open season on the environment and the climate, stimulating 'energy infrastructure' projects like the Keystone XL pipeline with tax cuts and corporate welfare, and ending U.S. payments to the U.N. climate fund. 
'“A national school voucher program will expand the privatization of public education, while Trump also pays lip service to local control, reducing college tuition and ending common core. 
'“Trump wants to repeal Obamacare and replace it with a new program based on health savings accounts, along with similar programs for childcare and elder care; states will be allowed to make unprecedented cuts in Medicaid; and he wants the Food and Drug Administration to speed up approvals for 4,000 new drugs. 
'“As well as funding Trump's wall on the Mexican border, new draconian immigration laws will impose mandatory 2- and 5-year federal prison sentences on previously deported immigrants who try to reenter the U.S. 
'“New 'national security' and 'community safety' laws will blast military spending past Obama's post-World War II record , and throw more money at local police to combat imaginary increases in 'crime, drugs and violence' at home. Liberal state marijuana laws may be 'trumped' by this new national 'stop and frisk' program. 
'“Trump wants term limits in Congress to get rid of popular progressive legislators like John Conyers and Patrick Leahy. He also wants a federal civilian hiring freeze and sweeping deregulation under which any new federal regulation must be offset by canceling two existing regulations. 
Controlling the Levers 
The most critical factor in the Republicans' new-found power is that they now control the White House and both houses of Congress, as they did from 2003 to 2006 and for a shorter spell in 1953-54. This does not usually end well for them. The last time the Republicans held full control of the U.S. government for more than 4 years was in the 1920s, and that ended even worse. President George W. Bush speaks on the phone in the Oval Office, Oct. 7, 2008, with Prime Minister Gordon Brown of the United Kingdom, discussing efforts to solve the spreading global financial crisis. (White House photo by Eric Draper) 
If the Republicans exploit the support of 24 percent of Americans '“ not even a plurality of those who voted '“ to ram through their extreme right-wing agenda, they will deserve to be slung out on their ears in 2018 and 2020, as they were in 2006 and 2008. 
If rank-and-file Democrats can force their party's corrupt leaders to quickly hand over power to new progressive leadership who will represent the other 76 percent of Americans, this should not be a tall order. 
In the meantime, progressives can contain the damage by countering every part of the Republicans' (and corrupt Democrats') agenda with clear, intelligent progressive proposals for real solutions to the serious problems facing our country and the world and building a popular movement around them. 
This will all be a real test for the Democrats, but it is one they have brought on themselves, and the radical clean-up required is what progressives have been demanding of the Democratic Party for a long time. 
Nicolas J S Davies is the author of Blood On Our Hands: the American Invasion and Destruction of Iraq . He also wrote the chapters on Obama at War in Grading the 44th President: a Report Card on Barack Obama's First Term as a Progressive Leader . He has also served as a local chapter leader and national team leader on war and peace issues for Progressive Democrats of America (PDA) .
ARTICLE

Will Trump Resist War Hawks on Iran? November 15, 2016 
Though President-elect Trump seems ready to reduce tensions with Russia, his consideration of neocon John Bolton as Secretary of State could presage more Mideast warmongering toward Iran, writes Gareth Porter at Middle East Eye. 
By Gareth Porter 
Post-election comments on Middle East policy last week by President-elect Donald Trump and one his campaign advisers have provoked speculation about whether Trump will upend two main foreign policy lines of the Obama administration in the Middle East. 
But the more decisive question about the future of U.S. policy toward the region is whom Trump will pick for his national security team '“ and especially whether he will nominate John Bolton to become Secretary of State. Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton. 
Bolton, one of the most notorious members of Dick Cheney's team plotting wars in the George W. Bush administration, would certainly push for the effective nullification of the main political barrier to U.S. confrontation with Iran: the 2015 multilateral nuclear deal. 
Trump created a minor stir by giving an interview to the Wall Street Journal last Thursday in which he reiterated his criticism of the Obama administration's involvement in the war against Syria's Assad and supported cooperation with Russia against the Islamic State group. And a Trump campaign foreign policy adviser once connected with an extremist sectarian Christian militia in Lebanon named Walid Phares suggested in an interview with BBC radio that Trump would demand that Iran 'change [a] few issues' in the agreement and that 'the agreement as it is right now '¦ is not going to be accepted by a Trump administration'. 
The significance of that interview, however, is very unclear. Trump himself had avoided threatening such a move during the campaign, denouncing the nuclear agreement as 'disastrous' but avoiding any pledge to renounce it as his Republican rivals Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio had done. In his speech to AIPAC, Trump thundered against the agreement but promised only to enforce it strictly and hold Iran 'accountable.' 
Trump has consistently embraced the long-standing official U.S. animosity toward Iran, but thus far he has given no indication that he intends to provoke an unnecessary crisis with Iran. 
In any case, Trump's own views will only be the starting point for policymaking on Syria and Iran. His national security team will have the power to initiate policy proposals as well as effective veto power over Trump's foreign policy preferences. That is why Trump's choices of nominations for the top positions on national security will certainly be the crucial factor in determining what policy lines ultimately emerge on those issues '“ and why the real possibility of Bolton's nomination as Secretary of State now represents the greatest threat to international peace and security. 
Undermining Obama 
Barack Obama became president with a firm intention to get U.S. combat forces out of Iraq within 16 months as he had promised during the campaign. But in his very first meeting with CENTCOM Commander Gen. David Petraeus, Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen in late January 2009, Petraeus and his two allies pressed Obama to back down on his pledge, arguing that it wasn't realistic. Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on May 1, 2011, watching developments in the Special Forces raid that killed Osama bin Laden. Neither played a particularly prominent role in the operation. (White House photo by Pete Souza) 
In the end, Obama accepted a scheme devised by the military and Pentagon officials under which combat brigades remained in Iraq long after the August 2010 Obama deadline for their withdrawal with no reduction in combat capability. They were simply given additional tasks of advising and assisting Iraqi military units and renamed 'advisory and assistance brigades.' 
Later in 2009, Obama's national security team, including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, pushed for a major U.S. military escalation in Afghanistan in 2009-2010. Obama didn't buy the arguments by Petraeus, Gates and Mullen for a huge increase in U.S. troops in Afghanistan. He and Vice-President Joe Biden argued that the implosion of Pakistan was a much bigger problem than Afghanistan and that there was no evidence of a threat that Al Qaeda would return to Afghanistan. But the war coalition leaked a story to the press that the White House was ignoring a new intelligence assessment that the Afghan Taliban would invite Al Qaeda back into the country if they won the war. 
In fact, the intelligence community had produced no such assessment, but the proponents of a big counterinsurgency effort in Afghanistan were demonstrating their power to use the media to raise the political cost to Obama of resisting their demand. Obama gave in on the additional troops, again imposing a deadline for their withdrawal, and the U.S. is still engaged in a losing war in Afghanistan seven years later. 
Those largely unknown episodes underline just how vulnerable Donald Trump will be as president to pressures from his national security team to support policies with which he may disagree '“ unless he chooses people who agree with his policy preferences. But Trump has a peculiar problem in that regard. Because he has already alienated virtually the entire Republican Party national security elite by attacking sacred cows such as NATO, and he has been boycotted by the corps of senior officials from the George W. Bush administration '“ except for Bolton. 
War with Iran 
Although he is best known as U.S. Ambassador the United Nations in the George. W. Bush administration, it was in his previous role as Undersecretary of State for Arms Control and International Security from 2001 through 2004 that he played his most important role in U.S. foreign policy. Iran's President Hassan Rouhani celebrates the completion of an interim deal on Iran's nuclear program on Nov. 24, 2013, by kissing the head of the daughter of an assassinated Iranian nuclear engineer. (Iranian government photo) 
Although the story was never covered in the corporate news media, I have recounted in my history of the Iran nuclear issue how Bolton, with the full approval of Vice President Dick Cheney and in coordination with Israel, began in 2003 to implement a strategy aimed ultimately at maneuvering the U.S. into a military confrontation with Iran. The strategy relied on the accusation that the Islamic Republic was carrying out a covert nuclear weapons program. 
Bolton and Cheney failed to get their war with Iran, and Bolton was moved to the United Nations in the second Bush term. But Bolton has never stopped talking about the need for the United States to bomb Iran. 
In a New York Post op-ed on Nov. 14, he called on Trump to 'abrogate' the nuclear agreement on his first day in office. He wants to be Secretary of State in order to pursue just such a policy, and he is under serious consideration, according to news reports last week. If he were nominated as Secretary of State it would be an open invitation for more plotting of schemes within the Trump administration for the war against Iran that Bolton still craves. 
Bolton would not necessarily prevail in pushing for a direct military confrontation with Iran over the nuclear issue, because the U.S. military would probably exercise its veto over any policy that risks war with Iran. But he could nevertheless provoke a crisis with Iran by subverting the agreement itself. He would begin by trying to get Trump to stop using his presidential waiver power to carry out its provisions on lifting sanctions against Iran. 
Under normal circumstances, Bolton would never have a chance to reprise his role as war provocateur, but the political circumstances today are anything but normal. There is a very real danger that the Trump transition team will turn to him because it sees no alternative among the usual suspects. 
The only alternative is to turn to a seasoned diplomat who has not served in senior national security positions in a Republican administration. And if the choices for other top positions are not determined to avoid the kind of confrontation that Bolton would try to provoke, he could conceivably succeed. 
So the disintegration of the political order controlled by the old Democratic and Republican party elites could spawn new threats of war unless Trump and his advisers are clever enough to see the need to avoid them in their choices of national security officials in the coming days. 
Gareth Porter is an independent investigative journalist and winner of the 2012 Gellhorn Prize for journalism. He is the author of the newly published Manufactured Crisis: The Untold Story of the Iran Nuclear Scare . [This story originally appeared in Middle East Eya.]
ARTICLE

Trump's Slim Chance for Greatness November 15, 2016 
Special Report: Donald Trump's unlikely victory created the opportunity to finally break with the orthodoxy of Washington's neocon/liberal-hawk foreign policy, but can Trump find enough fresh thinkers to do the job, asks Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
Donald Trump must decide '“ and decide quickly '“ whether he wants to be a great U.S. President or a robo-signature machine affixing his name to whatever legislation comes from congressional Republicans and a nodding figurehead acquiescing to more neoconservative foreign policy adventures. 
Or, to put it in a vernacular that Trump might use, does he want to be 'Paul Ryan's bitch' on domestic policies? And does he want to surrender his foreign policy to the 'wise guys' of Washington's neocon establishment. Donald Trump speaking with supporters in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Trump's problem is that he has few fully developed ideas about how to proceed in a presidency that even many of his close followers did not expect would happen. Plus, over the past few decades, the neocons and their liberal-hawk sidekicks have marginalized almost every dissenting expert, including old-line 'realists' who once were important figures. 
So, the bench of 'confirmable' experts who have dissented on neocon/liberal-hawk policies is very thin. To find national security leaders who would break with the prevailing 'group thinks,' Trump would have go outside normal channels and take a risk on some fresh thinkers. 
But most mainstream media accounts doubt that he will. That is why speculation has centered on Trump settling on several neocon retreads for Secretary of State and National Security Advisor, such as former Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, former CIA Director James Woolsey and ex-National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley, all staunch supporters of George W. Bush's disastrous Iraq War which Trump has denounced. 
'Team of Rivals' 
If Trump is guided in that direction, he will make the same mistake that President Barack Obama made during the 2008 transition when Obama was seduced by the idea of a Lincoln-esque 'Team of Rivals' and staffed key top national security jobs with hawks '” keeping Bush's Defense Secretary Robert Gates , hiring Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and leaving in place top generals, such as David Petraeus . 
That decision trapped the inexperienced Obama into a policy of continuity with Bush's wars and related policies, such as domestic spying, rather than enabling Obama to achieve his promised 'change.' 
Faced with powerful 'rivals' within his own administration, Obama was maneuvered into an ill-considered 'counterinsurgency' escalation in Afghanistan in 2009 that did little more than get another 1,000 U.S. soldiers killed along with many more Afghans. 
Secretary Clinton also sold out the elected progressive president of Honduras, Manuel Zelaya, when he was ousted in a coup in 2009, signaling to Latin America that 'El Norte' hadn't changed much. 
Then, Clinton sabotaged Obama's first attempt in 2010 to enlist the help of Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to work out a deal with Iran on constraining its nuclear program. Clinton favored an escalating confrontation with Iran along the lines dictated by Israeli hardliners. 
Clinton and the other hawks succeeded in thwarting Obama's will because, as Gates wrote in his memoir Duty , Gates and Clinton were 'un-fireable' in that they could challenge Obama whenever they wished while realizing that Obama would have to pay an unacceptably high price to remove them. 
As clever 'inside players,' Gates, Clinton and Petraeus also understood that if Obama balked at their policy prescriptions, they could undercut him by going to friends in the mainstream news media and leaking information about how Obama was 'weak' in not supporting a more warlike approach to problems. 
Obama's Real Weakness 
Yet, by failing to stand up to this neocon/liberal-hawk pressure , Obama did make himself weak. Essentially, he never got control of his foreign policy and even after the Gates-Clinton-Petraeus trio was gone by the start of Obama's second term, the President still feared angering Washington's foreign policy establishment which often followed the heed of Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. President Barack Obama stands with Israeli President Shimon Peres and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during the President's official arrival ceremony in Tel Aviv, Israel, in 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
Obama was so worried about Israel that, at the apex of his power after winning reelection in 2012, Obama went on a several-day trip to visit Netanyahu in a craven attempt to show his love and obeisance to Israel. Obama took similar trips to Saudi Arabia. 
Still, that was not enough to spare him the wrath of Netanyahu and the Saudi royals when Obama finally pushed successfully for an Iran nuclear deal in 2014. Netanyahu humiliated Obama by accepting a Republican invitation in 2015 to speak to a joint session of Congress where he urged U.S. lawmakers to repudiate their own President. 
Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia demanded and got new concessions from Obama on arms sales and his grudging support for their proxy war in Syria as well as their direct aerial bombardment of Yemen '“ both part of a Sunni Wahhabist sectarian strategy for destroying Shiite-related regimes. (The Sunni/Shiite clash dates back to the Seventh Century.) 
Indeed, the little-recognized Israeli-Saudi alliance targeting the so-called 'Shiite crescent' '“ Hezbollah in Lebanon, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and Iran '“ is at the heart of what has been driving U.S. policy in the Middle East since the 1990s. 
And, if President-elect Trump wants to truly reverse the downward spiral of the United States as it has squandered trillions of dollars in futile Mideast wars, he will have to go up against the Israeli-Saudi tandem and make it clear that he will not be manipulated as Obama was. Saudi King Salman bids farewell to President Barack Obama at Erga Palace after a state visit to Saudi Arabia on Jan. 27, 2015. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
Facing down such a powerful coalition of Israel (with its extraordinary U.S. lobbying apparatus) and Saudi Arabia (with its far-reaching financial clout) would require both imagination and courage. It would not be possible if Trump surrounds himself with senior advisers under the thumb of Prime Minister Netanyahu and King Salman. 
So, we will learn a great deal about whether Trump is a real player or just a pretender when he selects his foreign policy team. Will he find imaginative new thinkers who can break the disastrous cycles of Mideast wars and reduce tensions with Russia or will he just tap into the usual suspects of Republican orthodoxy? 
Sunlight on the Swamp 
Trump could also show his independence from Republican orthodoxy by recognizing that government secrecy has gone way too far, a drift into opacity that dates back to Ronald Reagan and his reversal of the more open-government policies of Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter. 
Trump says he wants to 'drain the swamp' of Washington, but to do that first requires letting in much more sunlight and sharing much more information with the American people. 
For starters '“ assuming that the timid Obama won't take the risk '“ President Trump could pardon national security whistleblowers who have faced or could face prosecution, such as Chelsea Manning, Julian Assange, John Kiriakou, Jeffrey Sterling and Edward Snowden. 
That could be followed by an executive order forbidding excessive secrecy inside the federal government, recognizing that 'We the People' are the nation's true sovereigns and thus deserve as much information as possible while protecting necessary secrets. 
Trump could show he means business about respecting average American citizens by sharing with them U.S. intelligence assessments on key controversies, such as the Aug. 21, 2013 sarin gas attack in Syria and the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 shoot-down over eastern Ukraine on July 17, 2014. [See here and here. ] 
The Obama administration has engaged in selective release of information about these mysteries to manipulate U.S. public opinion, not to inform and thus empower the American people. Trump could go a long way toward restoring public trust by renouncing such tricks. 
He also could save many billions of dollars by shutting down U.S. propaganda agencies whose role also is to use various P.R. tricks to shape both foreign and domestic opinion, often in the cause of 'regime changes' or 'color revolutions.' 
Trump could shut down the State Department's Office of Public Diplomacy , return the U.S. Agency for International Development to its legitimate purpose of helping poor countries build schools and drill wells, and shutter the trouble-making National Endowment for Democracy . 
By steering the world away from the New Cold War with nuclear-armed Russia, Trump could not only help save the future of mankind, he could save trillions of dollars that otherwise would end up in the pockets of the Military-Industrial Complex. 
FDR or Coolidge? 
Regarding domestic policy, some Republicans expect that Trump will simply sign off on whatever Ayn-Rand-inspired legislation that House Speaker Ryan pushes through Congress, whether turning Medicare into a voucher program or privatizing Social Security. President Franklin Roosevelt 
In this area, too, Trump will have to decide whether he wants to be a great president in the mold of Franklin Roosevelt or someone more of the caliber of Calvin Coolidge. 
Trump also must face the reality that he has lost the popular vote by a rather significant margin '“ almost a million votes in the latest tallies '“ and thus only has the presidency because of the archaic Electoral College. In other words, he lacks a real mandate from the people. 
When confronted with a similar situation in 2000, George W. Bush chose to pretend that he had a decisive mandate for his right-wing policies, shoved them down the Democrats' throats (such as his massive tax cut mostly for the rich that wiped out the budget surplus), and eventually saw his failed presidency sink into bitter partisanship. 
Republicans will surely urge Trump to do the same, to ignore the popular vote, but he might do well to surprise people by looking for overlapping areas where Democrats and Republicans can cooperate. 
For instance, many Democrats fear that Trump will undo the difficult progress made on climate change over the past eight years. After all, Trump has voiced doubts about the scientific consensus on the existential threat posed by global warming. 
But Trump also wants to invest heavily in America's infrastructure (plus he has vowed to help the inner cities). So, there's potential common ground if Trump were to launch a major program to create a world-class mass transit system for urban and suburban areas. 
Trump might even turn to one of his critics, former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, for Transportation Secretary with instructions to study mass transit in Japan and Europe and implement a similar system in the United States, quickly. Besides creating jobs and improving life for urban dwellers (who largely supported Hillary Clinton), quality and fast mass transit could get millions of Americans out of their cars and thus help in the fight against global warming, too. 
To demonstrate a willingness to reach across the aisle on such important issues, Trump might even consider offering Energy Secretary to Al Gore. 
But such bold steps would require Trump to have the courage and creativity to go against the Republican 'playbook' which calls for a zero-sum game against the Democrats. 
Whether Trump has such courage and foresight is the pressing question of the moment. Will he go for true greatness (both for himself and America) or will he be content to have his name and face on one of those place mats showing the 45 U.S. Presidents? 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).
ARTICLE

Death of the 'Two-State Solution' November 16, 2016 
Exclusive: For years, anyone calling for a 'one-state solution' to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict '“ granting equal rights to all inhabitants and thus 'diluting' the 'Jewish state' '“ was denounced as anti-Semitic. But Israel's persistent settlement building has now left no other rational choice, notes Jonathan Marshall. 
By Jonathan Marshall 
Donald Trump's election victory raises many unanswered questions, but it also settles a few, starting with the fate of the Israeli-Palestinian 'peace process.' In the words of Israeli Education Minister and Jewish Home Party leader Naftali Bennett, 'The era of a Palestinian state is over.' 
Lest anyone accuse the Israeli hardliner of wishful thinking, one need only recall candidate Trump's insistence last spring that Israelis 'really have to keep going' with settling the territories that they have occupied since 1967. Two months later, the Republican Party changed its 2012 platform to omit support for a Palestinian state and to condemn the 'false notion that Israel is an occupier.'   talks with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as they walk across the tarmac at Ben Gurion International Airport in Tel Aviv, Israel, March 20, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
Last week, a co-chair of the Trump campaign's Israel Advisory Committee reaffirmed that the President-elect rejects Washington's traditional view that Israel's settlements are obstacles to peace and illegal under international law. 
The so-called 'two-state solution' '” creation of a Palestinian national homeland comprising the West Bank and Gaza, and coexisting with Israel '” has been a longstanding axiom of official U.S. policy, accepted as well by Israel and its unofficial lobbying arm, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee. 
Of late, however, the rise of extreme Jewish nationalists to power in Israel, the relentless expansion of Jewish settlements in the occupied territories, and Israel's evident disinterest in peace negotiations have all but killed hopes for such a solution. In 2015, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu declared , 'There will be no withdrawals' from the occupied West Bank and 'no concessions' to the Palestinians. 
As Americans for Peace Now points out, 'more than 40% of the West Bank is under the direct control of settlers or settlements and off-limits to Palestinians . . . Israel has taken hundreds of kilometers of the West Bank to build roads that serve the settlements, . . . dividing Palestinian cities and towns from each other, and imposing various barriers to Palestinian movement and access. . . Such settlements, and new settlement construction going on today, have the explicit goal of preventing the establishment of a Palestinian capital in East Jerusalem '“ which, in effect, means preventing the two-state solution.' 
Many of Israel's staunchest allies in the United States now concede this reality. Hillary Clinton, in a private email to one of her advisers, acknowledged in 2015 that the Israeli-Palestinian peace process had become a phony 'Potemkin' spectacle. Secretary of State John Kerry warned publicly that Israeli settlement-building was 'imperiling the viability of a two-state solution.' 
Roger Cohen, the New York Times columnist and an ardent liberal Zionist, reported last month following a trip to Israel that the two-state idea is all but 'clinically dead.' He explained: 'The incorporation of all the biblical Land of Israel has advanced too far, for too long, to be reversed now.' 
Many Israeli supporters of a two-state solution now publicly admit that bitter truth. Former Prime Minister Ehud Barak accuses Netanyahu of engaging in a 'messianic drive' toward 'a single Jewish state, from the Jordan River to the Mediterranean Sea.' For the current crop of right-wing leaders in Israel, the main question is whether to offer Palestinians citizenship within an expanded Israel or to remove them. 
Palestinians also concede privately that their dream of a state is dead. Said noted Palestinian pollster Khalil Shikaki, 'We, Israelis and Palestinians, live in a one-state reality.' Former Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei, declared bluntly, 'there will be no alternative but one state. No alternative.' 
What Path Forward? 
If a Palestinian state is truly dead, Palestinians will need to give up their decades-old nationalist aspirations, a wrenching blow that many will find hard to accept. Israelis, in turn, will need to find room in a bi-national democratic state for millions of Palestinians '” roughly equal in number to Jews '” an even more wrenching adjustment that many will fight to the bitter end. Liberal Zionists have warned for years that refusal to accept a Palestinian state would force Israel to choose between remaining a democratic state or a Jewish state. A map showing Israeli settlements in the Palestinian Territories. 
As former Prime Minister Barak put it , the 'overarching ambition' of absorbing the occupied territories 'is bound to culminate in either a single, binational state, which, within a generation, may have a Jewish minority and likely a Bosnia-like civil war, or else an apartheid reality if Palestinian residents are deprived of the right to vote. Both spell doom for the Zionist dream.' 
An apartheid-like reality already exists for Palestinians, but many Israelis and their supporters publicly rationalize it as an unfortunate but temporary necessity during a transitional period that will end with a peace settlement. By putting off determination of the final status of the occupied territories, Israel can justify subjecting Palestinians to harsh military law , seizing their land, demolishing their homes, controlling their movements, and jailing them at will rather than granting them the rights afforded to Israeli citizens. 
Israeli political scientist and former deputy mayor of Jerusalem Meron Benvenisti has been saying for years that 'the whole notion of a Palestinian state . . . is a sham.' Israel has maintained the pretense of peace talks only 'because it is self-serving,' he said. While talking about two states as a goal, Israeli governments continue funding the expansion of settlements. Palestinian officials, meanwhile, help enforce order in return for millions of dollars in international aid. 
But if Israeli hardliners succeed in ending the fiction of a peace process and annex the territories , 'then the Palestinian struggle will inevitably be transformed from one demanding independence into a movement demanding equal rights,' says James Zogby, president of the Arab American Institute. 'If this is to be the case, we may well see the day when the Palestinian citizens of Israel will emerge . . . as the new leadership of a unified Palestinian community fighting for justice and equality.' 
Such a fight will face tremendous opposition. In recent years, polls of Israeli adults show that nearly half believe Arabs should be expelled from Israel. Nearly eight in 10 believe Jews should receive preferential treatment compared to non-Jews. The Netanyahu government and Knesset are filled with overt racists. Last year, Netanyahu appointed as deputy defense minister a rabbi who asserted , '[Palestinians] are like animals, they aren't human.' 
The Israeli peace activist and public opinion analyst Dahlia Scheindlin doesn't minimize the hurdles, but said Palestinians may be ready to fight for their rights within Israel. 'Israeli racism [is] better than Israeli occupation,' she wrote , 'and they probably feel [they] can live with it as long as there are democratic foundations to demand better. Maybe for them, Israeli rule cannot possibly make their status quo worse, but at least it offers the possibility of something many of them simply lack: citizenship.' 
Democratic Rights 
Some hope is offered by the fact that several notable right-leaning Israeli politicians favor granting Palestinians full democratic rights within a greater Israel, rather than subordinating them forever under the thumb of military occupation or Jim Crow-type segregation. A section of the barrier '” erected by Israeli officials to prevent the passage of Palestinians '” with graffiti using President John F. Kennedy's famous quote when facing the Berlin Wall, 'Ich bin ein Berliner.' (Photo credit: Marc Venezia) 
As New Yorker editor David Remnick observed a couple of years ago, Israeli President Reuven Rivlin '” a member of the rightist Likud party '” has 'emerged as the most prominent critic of racist rhetoric, jingoism, fundamentalism, and sectarian violence, the highest-ranking advocate among Jewish Israelis for the civil rights of the Palestinians both in Israel and in the occupied territories.' 
Rivlin visited an Arab town that had been the scene of an Israeli massacre in 1956 to apologize and 'swear, in my name and that of all our descendants, that we will never act against the principle of equal rights, and we will never try and force someone from our land.' He also condemned racist fans of a Jerusalem soccer team who protested its signing of two Muslim players. 
For such sentiments, not surprisingly, Rivlin has been called a 'traitor,' 'rotten filth,' and even 'lying little Jew' by his Israeli haters. 
But Rivlin is not alone. Moshe Arens, a former Likud leader, minister of defense and foreign affairs, and ambassador to the United States, supports giving Palestinians in the West Bank the right to vote in Israeli elections. The key to preserving Israeli democracy, he wrote in 2010, will be making them feel at home in the state of Israel, 'enjoying not only equality of rights but also equality of opportunities.' 
It will take a minor miracle to persuade the Israeli public to risk broadening their democracy to incorporate millions of Palestinians, but the longer the unsupportable status quo prevails, the less likely it becomes that any Israelis will enjoy the democratic and civil rights they have long known. Israel's media is under assault from the government , leading Freedom House to downgrade its assessment of the country's press from 'free' to 'partly free.' Israeli peace activists and NGOs face constant harassment and persecution . Rightist demonstrators routinely chant 'Death to Arabs.' 
Former Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon, a member of the Likud Party, recently declared , 'The leadership of Israel in 2016 is busy with inflaming passions and causing fear between Jews and Arabs, between right and left and between different ethnic groups in order to survive in power.' 
And Ilan Baruch, Israel's former ambassador to South Africa, said , 'Netanyahu is pushing Israeli democracy to the brink. . . This is the most right-wing government in the country's history, which has no qualms about taking tactical and strategic steps in the media, education, and culture in order to ensure Netanyahu's permanent rule. To do that, the government sows racist divisions . . . slanders and preaches hatred for the Other '” be they Arab citizens of Israel, Palestinians, African refugees, or human rights activists.' 
Still, with the pretense of a two-state solution shattered by Trump's victory and Netanyahu's open intransigence, supporters of Israeli democracy and Palestinian rights can finally begin an unblinkered discussion of how to achieve a genuine accommodation between those two peoples in a common land. 
In the words of Sandy Tolan, author of the international bestseller The Lemon Tree , 'Now, at least, there is an opportunity to lay the foundations for some newer kind of solution grounded in human rights, freedom of movement, complete cessation of settlement building, and equal access to land, water, and places of worship. It will have to be based on a new reality, which Israel and the United States have had such a hand in creating. Think of it as the one-state solution.'
ARTICLE

Dreaming Up a Reason for NATO's Relevance November 17, 2016 
European leaders still rattle their tiny sabers at Russia, but Donald Trump's election has spread confusion across NATO nations that had dutifully climbed aboard the New Cold War express, says ex-British intelligence officer Annie Machon. 
By Annie Machon 
A few months ago during the seemingly endless U.S. election, Donald Trump said NATO is not a gift that America can keep giving. In his stated view , the other member states should make a greater financial contribution (the U.S. currently contributes 70 percent of NATO's budget) and, if not, they could not expect automatic protection in the face of an attack. 
On Nov. 13, after Trump's victory, NATO Secretary General and former Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg wrote a think piece in the U.K.'s Observer newspaper, and acknowledged the need for more widespread contributions while crying up the historic importance and future need for NATO by citing growing Russian 'assertiveness' (diplo-speak for 'aggression') and the threat from international terrorism. NATO headquarters in Brussels, Belgium. 
I was invited onto RT to analyze this and am here expanding on some of the points I made in an always-all-too-brief interview. 
Stoltenberg was right to acknowledge Trump's concerns about the contributions to NATO. But I think he was also addressing another and already-serving president somewhat closer to home '“ head of the European Commission and totemic Eurocrat Jean-Claude Juncker '“ who for a while now has been plotting an integrated E uropean Union army and who ramped up the rhetoric last week after Trump's victory. The head of NATO is naturally not going to be too happy that the E.U. is poaching on his territory as the supposed military defender of Europe. 
It was also reported in The Observer that France and Germany are planning to announce the acceleration towards an E.U. army over the coming weeks. So much for European-wide consensus. It would appear that Juncker also sees this as a bargaining position in future Brexit negotiations, if Britain ever does get around to triggering Article 50 for withdrawing from the E.U. Any E.U. army would need the U.K.'s contribution '“ not just the armed forces, which are the second largest in the E.U., but also continued close cooperation with the intelligence agencies. 
After all, if both the U.K. post-Brexit and the U.S. after the ascension of Trump become increasingly isolationist and isolated, it would be natural for the two countries to pivot towards each other to the increasing exclusion of Europe. The U.K./U.S. 'special relationship' has always been heavily predicated on the uniquely close working relationship of their spies, and the E.U. will fear being left further out in the cold. 
So, if Juncker carries on regardless with his vanity E.U. army project and Britain agrees to contribute post-Brexit, there may be other sweet deals to offer to the U.K. during the Brexit negotiations. At least, that seems to be the position that Juncker is oiling his way towards. But the fundamental question has to be asked: why, now, do we need either a New Model E.U. army or the cavalier NATO? 
Stoltenberg tried to address this in his article: 'In the last few years we have seen a dramatic deterioration of our security, with a more assertive Russia and turmoil across north Africa and the Middle East. Nato allies have responded together. We have implemented the biggest reinforcement of our collective defence since the cold war. ['¦.] This is deterrence, not aggression. ['¦] Nato also continues to play a crucial role in the fight against terrorism. Every Nato ally is part of the US-led coalition against Islamic State.' 
The Dubious Group Think 
Let us unpack these comments. Firstly, is Russia indeed becoming more of a military threat, or is this just so much diplomatic grandstanding? After all, is it Russia or NATO that has been more, umm, 'assertive' over the last 27 years? A map showing stages of NATO's expansion. Dark blue showing original members; lighter blue the 'round one' members; aqua the 'round two' members; yellow represents neutral states; and brown and red (including Ukraine), otherwise aligned. On the map, Montenegro is one of the tiny brown spots on the eastern Adriatic. 
In answer, I refer you back to an article I wrote two years ago after the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall. Referencing the work of former senior CIA officer and fellow Sam Adams Associate , Ray McGovern , it made clear that a deal was made between the Soviet Union of the time and the U.S. '“ and that, in return for the withdrawal of 260,000 Soviet troops from East Germany and the reunification of Germany, NATO would not move one inch further east than the German border. 
Well, today we can see the result of these negotiations '“ another 12 countries, most in Eastern Europe and right up to the Russian border, have been assimilated into NATO . Recently within most of these border countries large-scale military exercises have been provocatively and publicly staged, plus missile 'defen s e ' systems have been planted in the fertile paranoiac soil of an increasingly aggressive and nationalistic Poland. 
Yes, Russia has in retaliation been conducting its own border exercises. The leadership has to be seen to be doing something, otherwise it will appear weak and not protecting its own people. That might be 'assertive,' but it's certainly not 'aggressive.' 
Nor let us forget the fact that, in 2008, NATO was warm towards the idea of Ukraine and Georgia joining, provided they could meet a few conditions. This would be taking Western forces directly into Russia's backyard. It would be encircling Russia's border with the rest of Europe with a new 'Iron Curtain.' And I have to say that IS an aggressively political move at the very least. 
How did this play out? Well, first stop for the campaign of Russian demonization was Georgia, under Western neocon puppet President Mikhail Saakashvili , invading a small and ethnically Russian segment of Georgia, South Ossetia. Russia responded by protecting the population, and then was excoriated across the Western world as conducting an unprovoked invasion of Georgia. This myth has long been exposed factually, but it is the hysterical headlines of the time that residually stick in most people's minds. 
Similarly in Ukraine. In 2014, a coup against the elected head of state , Viktor Yanukovych, apparently partly orchestrated by the U.S. as we know from an intercepted call between the Assistant U.S. Secretary of State for Europe Victoria Nuland and U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine, Geoffrey Pyatt. Interestingly, it was Yanukovych who blocked Ukraine's accession to NATO after his election in 2010, perhaps an additional motivation for the 2014 coup. 
All this laid bare the fact that the U.S. had pumped $5 billion in to subvert the Ukrainian state during the post-Soviet years and that, in the face of European concern about the worsening crisis, the U.S. pronounced '“ in the tender words of Victoria Nuland '“ 'fuck the E.U.' And yet still the E.U. acquiesced to U.S.-led sanctions against Russia that have hit the E . U . economy hard . 
Pot and Kettle 
Despite this history of interference in the politics of other nations, the U.S. government accused Russia of meddling in the 2016 presidential elections. The old story of the pot and kettle springs to mind.   uncomfortably accepting the Nobel Peace Prize from Committee Chairman Thorbjorn Jagland in Oslo, Norway, Dec. 10, 2009. (White House photo) 
Add to this a probably NATO-approved strike on a Russian jet involved in the Syrian conflict earlier this year by NATO member Turkey (at the time one of the closest trading partners of Russia and which, temporarily, caused bilateral damage that has since been repaired) and the military wing of Western interests is not exactly coming up smelling of roses. (The Russian pilot bailed out but was then shot to death by Turkish-backed Syrian rebels on the ground.) Perhaps NATO was just being 'assertive.' 
So to Stoltenberg's second point of justification for NATO: the success that it has had combating the threat of international terrorism. Where can I start with this? Since NATO invoked Article 5 (when one state is attacked, all must respond) in the wake of the 9/11 attacks against America , Western countries have been dragged into war after illegal war across the Middle East, central Asia and North Africa. 
Let us examine the roll call of successes: Afghanistan (now largely back in the hands of Taliban warlords and supplying ever more heroin to the illegal drug trade that goes toward funding terrorist groups, including ISIS); Iraq, now a basket case and the cradle of ISIS; Libya ditto plus the drugs ; Yemeni communities being vaporized with 'precision' bombs by U.S. proxy Saudi Arabia ; and the bloody catastrophe of Syria of course. 
So the NATO Secretary General's second justification of the organization's continued existence is not exactly what one would call compelling. But I suppose he had to try, when Juncker's threatened folie de grandeur that is the E.U. army is even less inspiring. 
So, back to President-elect Donald Trump. What will he do, faced with this mess of competing Western military/security interests and Euro-bureaucrat careerists? Perhaps his U.S. isolationist position is not so mad, bad and dangerous as the wailings of the Western liberal press would have us believe? 
American 'exceptionalism' and NATO interventionism have not exactly benefited much of the world since the end of the Cold War. Perhaps the time has indeed come for an American Commander-in-Chief who can indeed cut deals to cut through the saber-rattling rhetoric and, even unintentionally, make a significant contribution to world peace. 
Stranger things have happened. After all, outgoing President Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize a mere eight months after his inauguration, more a hoped-for aspiration than a recognition of any accomplishment, and we see how that worked out. 
Annie Machon is a former intelligence officer in the UK's MI5 Security Service (the U.S. counterpart is the FBI).
ARTICLE

Beyond the Anti-Trump Protests November 17, 2016 
Anti-Trump protests broke out shortly after the presidential results were in, but progressives need a more comprehensive and thoughtful approach to the next four years, says Sam Husseini. 
By Sam Husseini 
Two views seem to be dominant among progressives regarding Donald Trump: Either protest all he does (people have been holding 'anti-Trump' rallies for the past week) or 'give him a chance' (let's see what he does, maybe it will be okay). But both the demonizers and those urging a passive approach are wrong. 
The 'Anti-Trump' approach is hollow. First, to protest a person is dubious. Too often, 'progressives' have focused on the personal rather than the policies and actions. Remember 'Anybody But Bush'? That's not a particularly uplifting way of approaching things and doesn't lead to genuinely positive outcomes. Also, Trump is someone who has said a lot of contradictory things. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in an MSNBC interview. 
So, you can certainly talk about rights for immigrants or women's rights or ensuring that anti-Muslim policies do not escalate. But to say 'anti-Trump' or to ignore good things that Trump has said is hollow. And, yes, there are good things he's said. For example, during the primaries, he denounced the 'regime change' wars waged by George W. Bush, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton: 
'We've spent $4 trillion trying to topple various people that frankly, if they were there and if we could've spent that $4 trillion in the United States to fix our roads, our bridges, and all of the other problems; our airports and all of the other problems we've had, we would've been a lot better off. I can tell you that right now.' 
But it also doesn't make sense to say 'let's see what he does.' To stand aside is to allow Trump to be cutting deals with House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who will doubtlessly work to take away what populist, anti-interventionist and pro-working-class instincts Trump might otherwise follow. 
Bernie Sanders has in recent days struck a reasonable tone at times. In this interview and in a statement just after the election, he said: 'Donald Trump tapped into the anger of a declining middle class that is sick and tired of establishment economics, establishment politics and the establishment media. '¦ To the degree that Mr. Trump is serious about pursuing policies that improve the lives of working families in this country, I and other progressives are prepared to work with him. To the degree that he pursues racist, sexist, xenophobic and anti-environment policies, we will vigorously oppose him.' 
That seems like a reasonable approach although the major problem with what Sanders says is that it ignores foreign policy, a longstanding problem with Sanders. 
But others are addressing foreign policy: Rand Paul is right to press: ' Will Donald Trump betray voters by hiring John Bolton? ' Diana Johnston at CounterPunch wrote: ' After the Election: Don't Panic, Think! ' 
Left-Right Alliances 
One possible opportunity is for progressives to be forging left-right alliances , as Sanders alludes to above. Indeed, the senator's biographer, Greg Guma, notes that Sanders has done that in the past at times: Sen. Bernie Sanders speaking to one of his large crowds of supporters. (Photo credit: Sanders campaign) 
'One unusual aspect of Bernie's approach in Congress has been to wage congressional battles with people whose stands on other issues he abhors. In fact, much of Bernie's legislative success has come through forging deals with ideological opposites. An amendment to bar spending in support of defense contractor mergers, for example, was pushed through with the aid of Chris Smith, a prominent opponent of abortion. John Kasich '¦ helped him phase out risk insurance for foreign investments. 
'And it was a 'left-right coalition' he helped create that derailed 'fast track' legislation on international agreements pushed by Bill Clinton. The power of that strategy may have reached its apex in May 2010 when Bernie's campaign to bring transparency to the Federal Reserve resulted in a 96-0 Senate vote on his amendment to audit the Fed and conduct a General Accounting Office audit of possible conflicts of interest in loans to unknown banks.' 
In fact, if such a right-left approach isn't followed now, Trump will likely be forging alliances with Ryan and McConnell . In other words, the path ahead for construction policies may be narrow, but it holds the best hope for the next four years. That strategy calls for attacking Trump when he fails his populist promises but working with him when he pursues them. 
This approach also would likely strengthen populist elements within the Democratic Party and may lead to a de facto realignment of U.S. politics. It may be less glamorous than resisting and filibustering, which may be needed on some issues, but finding constructive overlaps might actually fix some things that need fixing. 
Last year, in a piece entitled ' In Defence of the Rise of Trump ', I wrote: 
'[Trump] might pursue the same old establishment policies if he were ever to get into office '” that's largely what Obama has done, especially on foreign policy. Trump says, 'I was a member of the establishment seven months ago.' 
'The point is that the natives are restless. And they should be. It's an important time to engage them so they stay restless and funnel that energy to constructive use, not demonize or tune them out.' 
Demonizing Trump supporters has proved disastrous. It's time for another approach by progressives: engagement. 
Sam Husseini is founder of VotePact.org .
ARTICLE

Pointing Fingers Over Trump's Victory November 17, 2016 
After Donald Trump's victory, Democrats and progressives have traded accusations as to what was at fault, the Establishment's insistence on Hillary Clinton or the insurgent challenges from Bernie Sanders and Jill Stein, reports Nat Parry. 
By Nat Parry 
As the reality of Donald J. Trump's victory in the Nov. 8 presidential election sets in, Democrats and progressives have been trading accusations over who '“ or what '“ may have led to this historic electoral defeat. 
For progressives who backed Vermont's independent Sen. Bernie Sanders in the primaries, the culprit is clearly the Democratic Party establishment, led by the likes of former Democratic National Committee chairwoman Debbie Wasserman-Shultz and current interim DNC chair Donna Brazile, who they blame for stacking the deck against their candidate and ensuring Hillary Clinton's nomination '“ despite her considerable baggage heading into the election. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. (Photos by Gage Skidmore and derivative by Krassotkin, Wikipedia) 
These progressives point to Clinton's historically low favorability ratings in national polls, and the fact that in a hypothetical one-one-one match-up between Trump and Sanders, polling data showed early on that Sanders would have likely defeated Trump easily. Trump himself seemed to understand the advantage Sanders had over him in a possible general election contest, tweeting in May 2016 that he 'would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!' 
Among Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents, Sanders was clearly more liked, even as Clinton wrapped up the nomination last summer. Gallup polling found in June 2016 that Sanders held 70 percent favorable and 18 percent unfavorable ratings among Democratic voters, while Clinton was seen favorably by 67 percent and unfavorably by 28 percent. In the aftermath of Trump's victory '“ assisted by the lowest voter turnout in 20 years '“ some have argued that enthusiasm for Sanders could have pushed the Democrats to victory in key swing states that ultimately went to Trump. 
To back up these claims, the progressive website USUncut pointed out on Nov. 10 that in five states that Sanders won in the primaries '“ Indiana, Michigan, Oklahoma, West Virginia, and Wisconsin '“ the exit polling data indicated that the demographic groups that helped Trump reach 270 electoral college votes were also Sanders's key demographics. 
'Assuming that Sanders won white, rural rust belt voters in the traditionally blue states that Hillary Clinton lost,' Sanders would have won the Electoral College with a 303-235 advantage , according to this analysis. 
Yet, while progressives blame the Democratic establishment for pushing an unpopular nominee '“ who was saddled by a federal investigation into her use of a private email server while Secretary of State, questions related to the ethics of her collecting sizable speaking fees from Wall Street firms, and suspicions over the Clinton Foundation's dealings with foreign governments '“ establishment Democrats have been largely placing the blame on progressives for failing to unite behind Clinton. 
Some commentators have pointed fingers at voters who decided to buck the two-party system and cast a ballot for the Green Party's Jill Stein or the Libertarian Party's Gary Johnson while others have assigned blame to Sanders for daring to mount a primary challenge against Clinton in the first place. 
This was the argument of Prof. Gil Troy, who wrote at Time Magazine on Nov. 14 that 'Senator Bernie Sanders earned the 2016 'Ralph Nader Award' for the Leftist Most Responsible for Helping Republicans Win the Presidency.' 
While acknowledging that Trump 'cleverly exploited voters' frustrations' and that 'Clinton's campaign in 2016 was as rigid and empty as it was when she lost in 2008,' Troy nevertheless argues that Sanders' insurgent primary campaign 'pushed her too far left to prevent an effective re-centering in the fall.' 
Troy offers few facts or polling data to back up these claims, instead making broad-based assertions such as 'just as Ralph Nader siphoned tens of thousands of votes on Election Day 2000 in Florida from Al Gore, causing the deadlock and George W. Bush's victory, Bernie Sanders' similar vampire effect enfeebled Hillary Clinton.' 
According to this view, even running a progressive primary election challenge '“ much less a third-party campaign '“ is dangerously unacceptable, creating a so-called 'vampire effect' that 'siphons votes' that rightfully belong to someone else. 
The Spoiler Effect 
While Sanders remains the target of some criticism for costing the Democrats the election, the real vitriol is leveled at third parties and their supporters. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Florida. 
Typical was the reaction of Newsweek senior writer Kurt Eichenwald, who published an account of an encounter he had with a fan in the Philadelphia International Airport following the election. The individual had approached Eichenwald to praise his work but nearly ended up the victim of a physical assault. 
According to Eichenwald, the man, who had recognized the pundit from his television appearances, thanked him for his reporting on Trump and expressed disgust that Trump had won. Eichenwald then asked the fan who he had voted for. The man stated that he voted for Green Party nominee Jill Stein, to which Eichenwald replied: 'You're lucky it's illegal for me to punch you in the face.' According to his account of the interaction, Eichenwald then told his fan to go 'have sex with himself.' 
As anyone who has ever voted for a party other than the Democrats or Republicans can attest, this is a pretty familiar reaction. In the United States' winner-take-all electoral system, a vote for anyone outside of the two main parties is seen as a 'wasted vote' that could 'spoil' the election, and those who make this decision risk professional and social ostracism. 
In this system, third-party voters are vilified to an extent not seen for any other voting demographic '“ including nonvoters who in fact account for a far greater share of the electorate, and therefore have a much bigger effect in swinging the election. 
Yet, this has not stopped many pundits and social media users from piling blame onto supporters of Stein or Johnson, who are deemed reckless and irresponsible for so frivolously casting a ballot for candidates who had no chance of winning '“ or worse yet, as personally culpable for Trump's victory and all the disastrous policies that might follow. 
'If you vote for somebody who can't win for president, it means that you don't care who wins for president,' opined MSNBC's Rachel Maddow on Election Night. She later elaborated on this wasted-vote theory, tweeting about a fanciful scenario in which every Stein vote and half of Johnson's votes would have gone to Clinton, who might have then claimed enough states from Trump to eke out an Electoral College win, a story repeated by CNN . 
In a similar vein, columnist Paul Krugman weighed in by tweeting in the early morning hours of Nov. 9 that 'Jill Stein has managed to play Ralph Nader,' referring to the 'spoiler effect' that the 2000 Green Party nominee allegedly had on the election 16 years ago. 'Without her Florida might have been saved.' 
Flawed Analysis 
Setting aside rehashed arguments from 2000, when it comes to Election 2016 independent evaluations of third-party voting have concluded that the effect of this voting bloc was statistically negligible, and cannot seriously be attributed to Clinton's defeat. Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
A Wall Street Journal analysis, for example, found that Clinton would have needed to win 70 percent of the vote share that went to both the Libertarian and Green parties across eight swing states to claim victory '“ a highly unlikely scenario considering that the Libertarian Party champions a brand of fiscal conservatism and limited government that traditionally appeals to right-leaning, Republican voters. (Indeed, the 2016 Libertarian Party ticket was headed by two former Republican governors: Gary Johnson of New Mexico and Bill Weld of Massachusetts.) 
In another analysis, the Washington Post concluded that in the five states Trump won by a margin smaller than the combined Johnson/Stein vote, some of them could have been flipped if the entire Stein vote was added to Clinton's total. In this scenario, the Post notes, the outcome might have changed in Michigan and Wisconsin, still however leaving her short of an Electoral College victory. 
The paper pointed out however that 'this projection rests on the unrealistic assumption that all Stein voters would have voted for Clinton,' conceding that it is impossible to 'know how Johnson and Stein backers would have voted if forced to choose between Clinton, Trump and staying home.' More realistically, many would have 'skipped the presidential race or voted for another candidate .' 
Besides the lack of hard statistical data to back up the wasted vote/spoiler effect claims, they also rest on a flawed assumption that anyone's votes '“ whether Clinton's, Trump's, Johnson's or Stein's '“ actually belong to anyone else. In fact, many third-party voters are simply fed up with the system itself, and hope that by voting for other options, it might be possible to someday build up viable alternatives to the two-party system. 
This was especially the case this year, in which the numbers of disaffected voters reached historic proportions. By the time the primaries had been decided last summer, in fact, the two front-runners were the most unpopular candidates seen in a generation, which should have been seen as a warning sign to Democrats who traditionally rely on high voter turnout for electoral success. 
According to a Quinnipiac poll released in June, Clinton had a 57 percent unfavorability rating, while Trump received a 59 percent unfavorability rating. Moreover, according to a survey by Data Targeting, 55 percent of Americans favored having an independent or third-party presidential candidate to consider. Among millennials '“ a key demographic for Barack Obama's victories in 2008 and 2012 '“ 91 percent expressed support for additional choices this year. 
Another poll, released in September just before the Trump-Clinton debates began, found that 76 percent of Americans favored Johnson and Stein sharing the stage with the two main party candidates in the debates. This, of course, did not happen, with the Commission on Presidential Debates sticking to its strict criteria that independents and third parties need to reach 15 percent in national polling before they are allowed into the debates. 
This is perhaps one reason why Americans remained largely ignorant of Stein's and Johnson's campaigns, with Gallup finding that 63 percent were unfamiliar with Johnson heading into the general election, and 68 percent were unfamiliar with Stein. 
Voter Boycotts and Voter Suppression 
Regardless of the impacts of third-party alternatives '“ which only ended up receiving a total of 4 percent of the popular vote '“ the deep disaffection among American voters that was seen in earlier polling seemed to manifest itself in other voting trends on Election Day. This disaffection can be seen in the high number of down-ballot voters who opted not to cast a ballot for president this year. Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein. 
One telling analysis found that in 14 states, down-ballot candidates received more votes than presidential candidates. 
In North Carolina, for instance, about 30,000 more people cast ballots for incumbent Gov. Pat McCrory and Roy Cooper than for any of the presidential nominees. In Vermont, about 314,000 voters cast ballots in the governor's race, and 313,000 for the Senate, while just 291,000 voted for president '“ a difference of almost 8 percent. 
In Oregon, where Democrats Sen. Ron Wyden and Gov. Kate Brown easily won re-election, their races drew about 75,000 more votes than the presidential contest. Other states in which down-ballot voters essentially boycotted the presidential election included Indiana, Missouri, North Dakota, Wisconsin, and West Virginia. 
Besides nonvoters, another factor that should be receiving at least as much attention as third-party 'spoilers' are the would-be voters who could not cast a ballot due to systematic disenfranchisement, possible voter suppression or other all-too-familiar problems at polling places. As the Brennan Center for Justice noted on Nov. 14, 'too many voters had to contend with long lines, malfunctioning voting machines, confusion over voting restrictions, voter intimidation, [and] voter registration problems.' 
The nonpartisan law and policy institute, which has been documenting flaws in U.S. election administration for years, notes that '2016 was not the first election in which these problems have occurred '“ and that itself is a problem.' 
Describing numerous instances of voting problems across the country, the group concluded that 'the ways in which elections are administered, including how well they are resourced, can have a negative impact on citizens' ability to cast a ballot and the confidence the public has in the system.' 
Investigative reporter Greg Palast went further than that, contending that 'before a single vote was cast, the election was fixed by GOP and Trump operatives.' 
He noted in a Nov. 11 blog post that in 2013, just as the Supreme Court overturned key sections of the Voting Rights Act, Republican operatives created a system called Crosscheck to purge 1.1 million Americans from the voter rolls of Republican-controlled states. 
According to his count, in Michigan, the Crosscheck purge list eliminated 449,922 voters from the rolls, while Trump claimed victory in that state by just 13,107 votes. In Arizona, the Trump victory margin was 85,257 votes, while a total of 270,824 voters were eliminated by Crosscheck. The Trump victory margin in North Carolina was 177,008, while the Crosscheck purge list accounted for 589,393 voters knocked off the rolls. 
Palast notes that 'the electoral putsch was aided by nine other methods of attacking the right to vote of Black, Latino and Asian-American voters '¦ including 'caging,' 'purging,' blocking legitimate registrations, and wrongly shunting millions to 'provisional' ballots that will never be counted.' 
He also points to the discrepancies between the exit polling data and the final results in several battleground states, noting that exit polling is historically 'deadly accurate.' Despite this, Palast notes that in 2016, the exit polling was off the mark in at least four key swing states. 
According to the exit polls, Clinton should have won Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, but at the end of the day all of these states went to Trump. Accounting for a total of 74 Electoral College votes, these four states would have been more than enough for Clinton to have flipped the election. 
And of course, this all assumes that the Electoral College is legitimate in the first place. The fact remains that Hillary Clinton received more than one million more votes nationwide than Donald Trump, and the only reason he is assuming the White House is due to the arcane and controversial system of allocating votes through the Electoral College. 
This has led to increasing calls to abolish the Electoral College altogether based on the idea that elections should be determined on the principle of one person, one vote. 
Needed Reforms Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson. 
Needless to say, to many around the world '“ not to mention many within the United States '“ these elections are looking less like free expressions of the people's will than they do down-and-dirty slug fests in which either side is willing to claim a victory at any cost. 
This election was observed by two international organizations in fact, and while their final reports vary to considerable degrees, both the Organization of American States and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe both criticized the tone of the election and highlighted numerous structural deficiencies in the way the United States chooses its leaders. 
The OAS final report identified the following issues as representing key areas for improvement in the U.S. electoral system: taking measures to avoid long lines at polling places, broadening cooperation between states to compare information and avoid possible duplications in voter registries, expanding the practice of redistricting through nonpartisan commissions, addressing the impacts of the Supreme Court's decision to eliminate parts of the 1965 Voting Rights Act, establishing better campaign finance rules, and jettisoning the divisive campaign rhetoric that has turned off so many voters from the process. 
The OAS also noted the unusual practice in the United States of simultaneously mandating voter identification while not providing this required identification to eligible voters. 
'Practically all countries in the region provide at least one free form of national identification to their citizens, which is used for electoral purposes,' said the OAS . 'In the U.S., 32 states currently have laws in force that require voters to show some form of prescribed identification to verify their identity before casting a vote.' However, these states do not make this identification readily available to citizens, contrary to good electoral practice. 
This is also a weakness that the OSCE pointed out in its report , noting: 'Voter identification rules are politically divisive and vary across the states, with 32 states requiring photo identification. A high volume of litigation regarding voter identification continued up to Election Day, generating confusion among voters and election officials regarding the application of rules. Efforts to ensure the integrity of the vote are important, but should not lead to the disenfranchisement of eligible voters.' 
The 57-country organization also noted the undue obstacles faced by minor parties and independents trying to compete in U.S. elections. 
'The number of signatures required and the signature submission deadlines vary from state to state, which made it cumbersome for third party or independent candidates to register across all states for presidential elections,' the OSCE pointed out. 'Both the Green Party and Libertarian Party challenged ballot access requirements in several states, with success in a few instances.' 
The organization, which has been monitoring elections in the United States since 2004, regretted that since previous election observation missions, a number of its 'priority recommendations remain unaddressed.' It pointed out that 'deficiencies in the legal framework persist, such as the disenfranchisement of citizens living in various territories, restrictions on the voting rights of convicted criminals and infringements on secrecy of the ballot.' 
Rather than focusing on who is to blame for Trump's victory in Election 2016, Democrats, Republicans, progressives, independent conservatives, third-party supporters, minorities, and good-government groups might be better served coming together and finally taking seriously the task of electoral reform, beginning with addressing some of the key recommendations of impartial international observers. 
Perhaps then, this perennial debate and the endless exchange of recriminations might finally come to an end. 
Nat Parry is the co-author of Neck Deep: The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush. [This story originally appeared at Essential Opinion, https://essentialopinion.wordpress.com/2016/11/17/election-2016s-blame-game/
ARTICLE

Iran Deal Tests Trump's Independence November 18, 2016 
An early test of whether President Trump will bow to Israel's political clout may come over the Iran nuclear agreement which Prime Minister Netanyahu wants killed, as ex-CIA analyst Paul R. Pillar describes. 
By Paul R. Pillar 
Among the foreign policy issues on which Donald Trump took a simple anti-Obama, or anti-Clinton, stance during the campaign but about which he had not seemed to have devoted much thought, one of the most prominent and important is the agreement that restricts Iran's nuclear program, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action or JCPOA. 
When the new president does get a chance to give the subject more attention, he will see that opposition to the agreement is primarily a matter of old political baggage. If he does not want to be burdened with such baggage and desires instead to set his own course, he will build on the agreement rather than succumb to the pressures of those who would like to kill it. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the United Nations in 2012, drawing his own 'red line' on how far he will let Iran go in refining nuclear fuel. 
The baggage has had two parts. One has been the effort by President Obama's political opposition to deny him any major achievements '” applicable to the JCPOA in that it has been one of the President's most significant foreign policy achievements. Even viewed through a crass partisan political lens, this motivation will get more out of date with each day that goes by after Mr. Obama leaves office. 
The other part has been opposition of the Netanyahu government in Israel, with all the usual implications of how that government's postures affect U.S. politics and how the Iran issue has thus been treated as if it were an Israel issue. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's opposition has been motivated by the objectives of keeping a regional rival to Israel isolated forever, portraying Iran as the root of all problems in the Middle East, distracting attention from problems that involve Israel and its policies, and keeping U.S. diplomacy and cooperative measures in the Middle East confined to Israel or channels approved by Israel. 
This opposition was maintained even though the agreement that has precluded an Iranian nuclear weapon is very much in the interests of Israel's security, as testified to by the large majority of senior Israeli security officials and former officials who have been free to discuss the topic. 
A Success 
The JCPOA is a success. It has been fully working for well over a year. It has blocked all possible avenues to an Iranian nuclear weapon. Iran has been complying with its extensive obligations under the agreement, as certified by the International Atomic Energy Agency. Those opponents who have stretched to accuse Iran of violations have been doing exactly that: stretching. Iran's President Hassan Rouhani celebrates the completion of an interim deal on Iran's nuclear program on Nov. 24, 2013, by kissing the head of the daughter of an assassinated Iranian nuclear engineer. (Iranian government photo) 
Regarding recent accusations regarding Iranian production of heavy water, for example, the agreement does not prohibit Iran from ever exceeding a specified limit of 130 metric tons. Instead, the JCPOA requires Iran to make any excess available for export '” which is exactly what Iran has done. 
For the new U.S. administration to withdraw from the JCPOA '” either explicitly by declaring so, or through sanctions policies that would violate the agreement '” would clearly be a big mistake. To begin with, any such unilateral move by the United States would run up against the fact that this agreement involves not only Iran and the United States but also five other parties, including major Western allies as well as Russia and China. 
The European allies have made quite clear that they are committed to the agreement. U.S. abrogation would not only involve problems with them but also would upset any early efforts by President Trump to develop more cooperative relations with Russia. 
A U.S. withdrawal could lead Iran to react in either of two ways, each of which would be disadvantageous to U.S. interests. If the Iranians judged the U.S. part of the economic and sanctions provisions of the JCPOA to be too large to overlook, they would declare '” as they would be entitled to '” that the entire agreement was null and void. This would mean Iran would be freed from all the nuclear limitations in the agreement. 
The Iranians could spin as many centrifuges, stockpile as much highly enriched uranium, and build as many plutonium-producing reactors as they want. (And forget the notion of negotiating a 'better deal' '” that was never a possibility with an agreement that was laboriously negotiated and that was barely politically acceptable in Iran.) 
A Boon for U.S. Rivals 
Alternatively, the Iranians might say that it considered the agreement still to be in force with all the parties other than the United States. This would mean the Europeans getting business deals such as large sales of commercial airliners rather than American companies like Boeing getting the business, and it would mean Russia and China getting both commercial deals and diplomatic influence that the United States would not be getting. This would be a situation that Donald Trump himself said during the campaign was unacceptable. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaking to the AIPAC conference in Washington D.C. on March 21, 2016. (Photo credit: AIPAC) 
Withdrawal from the JCPOA would have additional, farther-reaching negative implications for President Trump. It would re-open an old issue that had been resolved through diplomacy, create a new crisis, and consume much high-level time and attention that otherwise could be devoted to countless other foreign policy problems, including ones centered in the Middle East. 
Withdrawal also would weaken the credibility of anything else the new U.S. president wants to do that involves, like the JCPOA, executive action rather than a treaty. Much of what Mr. Trump has talked about regarding trade and other matters falls into this category. 
Not least important, backing away from the JCPOA would kill opportunities to build on the agreement by doing diplomatic business with Iran on many important issues where Iran is unavoidably a major player. An excellent guide to those opportunities is a just-released report titled Maximizing the Opening with Iran: How President Trump Can Secure American Interests in the Middle East , prepared by the National Iranian American Council (NIAC) and signed by 76 national security experts and scholars (including myself). The report states, 'If diplomacy could be successful in resolving the most volatile and complex point of tension between the U.S. and Iran '“ the nuclear dispute '“ President Trump should also employ diplomacy to peacefully resolve or manage the remaining differences between Washington and Tehran.' 
It's not just bilateral issues and remaining differences in the U.S.-Iranian relationship that are at stake. It is the ability of the United States to address effectively many other problems important to it. In the words of the NIAC report, 'Iran has substantial latent power '“ population size and potential for wealth generation '“ and thus it is bound to be a leading power in the greater Middle East. Washington cannot change this. Nor can Washington stabilize the Middle East without Iran's involvement. Iran will be part of the regional solution '“ or there won't be a solution.' 
The report includes many specific recommendations regarding problems ranging from warfare in Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan to energy and security in the Persian Gulf. 
The JCPOA is important not just because of the technical details of what goes on inside Iranian nuclear facilities, although the nuclear nonproliferation objectives that the accord has advanced are indeed very important. It is important also as a step away from the self-hamstringing American habit of not fully using available diplomatic tools to pursue U.S. interests, because of a distaste for dealing with regimes we don't happen to like. Making America great on the world stage requires getting rid of that habit. 
Paul R. Pillar, in his 28 years at the Central Intelligence Agency, rose to be one of the agency's top analysts. He is author most recently of Why America Misunderstands the World . (This article first appeared as a blog post at The National Interest's Web site. Reprinted with author's permission.)
ARTICLE

What to Do About 'Fake News' November 18, 2016 
Exclusive: A pushback is coming to the Internet's success in giving the world access to diverse opinions and dissenting information. Politicians, mainstream media and technology giants are taking aim at what they call 'fake news,' reports Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
In the wake of Donald Trump's victory, a hot new issue '“ raised by President Obama in an international setting on Thursday and touted on The New York Times' front page on Friday '“ is the problem of 'fake news' being disseminated on the Internet. 
Major Internet companies, such as Google and Facebook, are being urged to censor such articles and to punish alleged violators. Also, teams of supposedly 'responsible' news providers and technology giants are being assembled to police this alleged problem and decide what is true and what is not. President Obama in the Oval Office. 
But therein lies the more serious problem: who gets to decide what is real and what is not real? And '“ in an age when all sides propagate propaganda '“ when does conformity in support of a mainstream 'truth' become censorship of reasonable skepticism? 
As a journalist for more than four decades, I take seriously the profession's responsibility to verify information as much as possible before publishing it '“ and as editor of Consortiumnews.com, I insist that our writers (and to the extent possible, outside commenters) back up what they say. 
I personally hate 'conspiracy theories' in which people speculate about a topic without real evidence and often in defiance of actual evidence. I believe in traditional journalistic standards of cross-checking data and applying common sense. 
So, I am surely no fan of Internet hoaxes and baseless accusations. Yet, I also recognize that mainstream U.S. news outlets have made horrendous and wholesale factual errors, too, such as reporting in 2002-03 that Iraq had reconstituted its nuclear weapons program (The New York Times) and was hiding stockpiles of WMD (many TV and print outlets, including The Washington Post). 
And, mainstream outlets getting such life-and-death stories wrong was not just a one-off affair around the Iraq invasion. At least since the 1980s, The New York Times has misreported or glossed over many international issues that put the United States and its allies in a negative light. 
For instance, the Times not only missed the Nicaraguan Contra cocaine scandal , but actively covered up the Reagan administration's role in the wrongdoing through the 1980s and much of the 1990s. 
The Times lagged badly, too, on investigating the secret operations that became known as the Iran-Contra Affair. The Times' gullibility in the face of official denials was an obstacle for those of us digging into that constitutional crisis and other abuses by the Reagan administration. [For more on this topic, see Consortiumnews.com's ' New York Times: Apologist for Power .'] 
In that same era, The Washington Post performed no better. Leonard Downie, its executive editor at the time of the Contra-cocaine scandal, has continued to reject the reality of Ronald Reagan's beloved Contras trafficking in cocaine despite the 1998 findings of CIA Inspector General Frederick Hitz that, in fact, many Contras were neck-deep in the cocaine trade and the Reagan administration covered up their criminality for geopolitical reasons. 
More recently, during the mad dash to invade Iraq in 2002-03, the Post's editorial-page editor Fred Hiatt wrote repeatedly as flat fact that Iraq was hiding WMD and mocked the few dissenting voices that challenged the 'group think.' 
Yet, Hiatt suffered no accountability for his falsehoods and is still the Post's editorial-page editor, still peddling dubious examples of Washington's conventional wisdom . 
Ministry of Truth 
So, who are the 'responsible' journalists who should be anointed to regulate what the world's public gets to see and hear? For that Orwellian task, a kind of Ministry of Truth has been set up by Google, called the First Draft Coalition , which touts itself as a collection of 30 major news and technology companies , including the Times and Post, tackling 'fake news' and creating a platform to decide which stories are questionable and which ones aren't. Correspondent Michael Usher of Australia's '60 Minutes' claims to have found the billboard visible in a video of a BUK missile launcher after the shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 on July 17, 2014, but the scenes actually don't match up at all. (Screen shot from Australia's '60 Minutes') 
Formed in June 2015 and funded by Google News Lab, the First Draft Coalition's founding members included Bellingcat, an online 'citizen journalism' site that has gotten many of its highest profile stories wrong and is now associated with NATO's favorite think tank, the Atlantic Council. 
Despite Bellingcat's checkered record and its conflicts of interest through the Atlantic Council, major Western news outlets, including the Times and Post, have embraced Bellingcat, apparently because its articles always seem to mesh neatly with U.S. and European propaganda on Syria and Ukraine. 
Two of Bellingcat's (or its founder Eliot Higgins's) biggest errors were misplacing the firing location of the suspected Syrian rocket carrying sarin gas on Aug. 21, 2013, and directing an Australian news crew to the wrong site for the so-called getaway Buk video after the July 17, 2014 shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17. A screen shot of the roadway where the suspected BUK missile battery supposedly passed after the shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 on July 17, 2014. (Image from Australian '60 Minutes' program) 
But like many news outlets that support establishment 'group thinks,' Bellingcat wins widespread praise and official endorsements, such as from the international MH-17 investigation that was largely controlled by Ukraine's unsavory intelligence agency, the SBU and that accepted Bellingcat's dubious MH-17 evidence blaming the Russians . 
If such a Ministry of Truth had existed in the mid-1980s, it might well have denounced the investigative reporting on the Contra-cocaine scandal since that was initially deemed untrue. And if 'Minitrue' were around in 2002-03, it almost surely would have decried the handful of people who were warning against the 'group think' on Iraq's WMD. 
Power and Reality 
While it's undeniable that some false or dubious stories get pushed during the heat of a political campaign and in wartime '“ and journalists have a role in fact-checking as best they can '“ there is potentially a greater danger when media insiders arrogate to themselves the power to dismiss contrary evidence as unacceptable, especially given their own history of publishing stories that turned out to be dubious if not entirely false. 
It's even more dangerous when these self-appointed arbiters of truth combine forces with powerful Internet search engines and social media companies to essentially silence dissenting opinions and contrary facts by making them very difficult for the public to locate. 
Arguably even worse is when politicians '“ whether President-elect Donald Trump or Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan or President Obama '“ get into the business of judging what is true and what is false. 
On Thursday, an impassioned President Obama voiced his annoyance with 'fake news' twice in his joint news conference in Berlin with German Chancellor Angela Merkel '” 'because in an age where there's so much active misinformation and it's packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a Facebook page or you turn on your television. '¦ If everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made, then we won't know what to protect.' 
Let that phrase sink in for a moment: 'We won't know what to protect'? Is President Obama suggesting that it is the U.S. government's role to 'protect' certain information and, by implication, leave contrary information 'unprotected,' i.e. open to censorship? 
On Friday, a New York Times front-page article took Facebook to task, in particular, writing: 'for years, the social network did little to clamp down on the false news.' 
The Times added, in a complimentary way, 'Now Facebook, Google and others have begun to take steps to curb the trend, but some outside the United States say the move is too late.' 
Info-War 
This new alarm about 'fake news' comes amid the U.S. government's 'information war' against Russia regarding the Syrian and Ukraine conflicts. Obama's State Department insists that it is presenting the truth about these conflicts while Russia's RT channel is a fount of disinformation. Yet, the State Department's propaganda officials have frequently made false or unsupported claims themselves. Ukraine's (now-former) Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk 
On Wednesday, there was the unseemly scene of State Department spokesman John Kirby refusing to answer reasonable questions from a Russian journalist affiliated with RT. 
The RT journalist asked Kirby to identify the hospitals and clinics in Syria that he was claiming had been hit by Russian and Syrian airstrikes. You might assume that a truth-teller would have welcomed the opportunity to provide more details that could then be checked and verified. 
But instead Kirby berated the RT journalist and tried to turn the rest of the State Department press corps against her. 
QUESTION: Don't you think it is important to give a specific list of hospitals that you're accusing Russia of hitting? Those are grave accusations. 
KIRBY: I'm not making those accusations. I'm telling you we've seen reports from credible aid organizations that five hospitals and a clinic '” 
QUESTION: Which hospital '” 
KIRBY: At least one clinic '” 
QUESTION: In what cities at least? 
KIRBY: You can go look at the information that many of the Syrian relief agencies are putting out there publicly. We're getting our information from them too. These reports '” 
QUESTION: But you are citing those reports without giving any specifics. 
KIRBY: Because we believe these agencies are credible and because we have other sources of information that back up what we're seeing from some of these reports. And you know what? Why don't [you] ask '¦ Here's a good question. Why don't you ask your defense ministry '¦ what they're doing and see if you can get'¦' 
QUESTION: If you give a specific list '” 
KIRBY: No, no, no, no, no, no, no. 
QUESTION: If you give a specific list of hospitals '” 
KIRBY: No, no, no. 
QUESTION: My colleagues who are listening hopefully would be able to go and ask Russian officials about a specific list of hospitals that you're accusing Russia of '¦' 
KIRBY: You work for Russia Today, right? Isn't that your agency? 
QUESTION: That is correct. Yes. 
KIRBY: And so why shouldn't you ask your government the same kinds of questions that you're standing here asking me? Ask them about their military activities. Get them to tell you what they're '“ or to deny what they're doing. 
QUESTION: When I ask for specifics, it seems your response is why are you here? Well, you are leveling that accusation. 
KIRBY: No, ma'am. 
QUESTION: And if you give specifics, my colleagues would be able to ask 
Russian officials. 
As Kirby continued to berate the RT journalist and stonewall her request for specifics, an American reporter intervened and objected to Kirby's use of the phrase ''your defense minister' and things like that. I mean, she's a journalist just like the rest of are, so it's '“ she's asking pointed questions, but they're not '¦' 
Kirby then insisted that since RT was 'a state-owned' outlet that its journalists should not be put 'on the same level with the rest of you who are representing independent media outlets.' (But the reality is that Voice of America, BBC and many other Western outlets are financed by governments or have ideological benefactors.) 
Public Diplomacy 
Kirby's hostility toward legitimate questions being raised about U.S. or U.S.-allied assertions has become typical of Obama's State Department, which doesn't seem to want any challenges to its presentation of reality. A screen shot of U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Victoria Nuland speaking to U.S. and Ukrainian business leaders on Dec. 13, 2013, at an event sponsored by Chevron, with its logo to Nuland's left. 
For instance, during the early phase of the Ukraine crisis in 2014, Secretary of State John Kerry called RT a 'propaganda bullhorn' and Richard Stengel, Undersecretary of State for Public Diplomacy, issued a 'DipNote' saying RT should be ostracized as a source of disinformation. 
But Stengel's complaint revealed a stunning ignorance about the circumstances surrounding the February 2014 putsch that overthrew Ukraine's elected President Viktor Yanukovych. 
For instance, Stengel cited RT's 'ludicrous assertion' about the U.S. investing $5 billion to promote 'regime change' in Ukraine. Stengel apparently wasn't aware that Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Victoria Nuland had cited the $5 billion figure in support of Ukraine's 'European aspirations' during a public speech to U.S. and Ukrainian business leaders on Dec. 13, 2013. 
At the time, Nuland was a leading proponent of 'regime change' in Ukraine, personally cheering on the Maidan demonstrators and even passing out cookies. In an intercepted, obscenity-laced phone call with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt, Nuland said her choice to lead Ukraine was Arseniy 'Yats is the guy' Yatsenyuk, who ended up as Prime Minister after the coup. 
So, was Stengel a purveyor of 'fake news' when he was accusing RT of disseminating fake news or was he just assembling some propaganda points for his underlings to repeat to a gullible Western news media. Or was he just ill-informed? 
Both democracy and journalism can be messy businesses '“ and credibility is something that must be earned over time by building a reputation for reliability. There is no 'gold seal' from the Establishment that makes you trustworthy. 
It's simply important to do one's best to inform the American people and the world's public as accurately as possible. Awarding trust is best left to individual readers who must be the ultimate judges of what's real and what's fake. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).
ARTICLE

Installing a Torture Fan at CIA November 19, 2016 
Exclusive: The CIA's torturers can breathe a sigh of relief after President-elect Trump tapped a defender of 'enhanced interrogation techniques' to become CIA director, writes ex-CIA analyst Ray McGovern. 
By Ray McGovern 
  Trump's selection of Kansas Congressman Mike Pompeo, an open aficionado of torture practices used in the 'war on terror,' to be CIA director shows that Trump was serious when he said he would support 'waterboarding and much worse.' 
Earlier, there had been a sliver of hope that that, while on the campaign trail, Trump was simply playing to the basest instincts of many Americans who have been brainwashed '“ by media, politicians, and the CIA itself '“ into believing that torture 'works.' The hope was that the person whom Trump would appoint to head the agency would disabuse him regarding both the efficacy and the legality of torture. Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kansas. 
But such advice is not likely from Pompeo, who has spoken out against the closing of CIA's 'black sites' used for torture and has criticized the requirement that interrogators adhere to anti-torture laws. He has also opposed closing the prison at Guantanamo, which has become infamous for torture and even murder. 
After visiting Guantanamo three years ago, where many prisoners were on a hunger strike, Pompeo commented, 'It looked to me like a lot of them had put on weight.' 
There is little doubt that the champagne was flowing on Friday at CIA headquarters, from the seventh-floor executive offices down to the bowels of that building where torture practitioners have been shielded from accountability for 15 years in what amounts to the CIA's internal 'witness protection' program. 
Indeed, relief over the Pompeo appointment came in the nick of time. For one fleeting moment earlier in the week, there was some panic at the hint that the International Criminal Court might show more courage than President Barack Obama in bringing torture perpetrators to justice. 
That suggestion caused a moment of angst up and down the CIA's ladder of authority, from supervisory felons, such as Director John Brennan and agency lawyers, down to the thugs hired to implement the amateurish but gruesome regime of torture depicted in gory detail in the Senate Intelligence Committee investigative report , 
Published in December 2014 and based on original CIA documents, the report's Executive Summary revealed a range of gruesome practices from the near-drowning sensation of water-boarding to the forcible rectal feeding of detainees. 
Pompeo's Defense 
Pompeo responded to the findings by personally attacking Senate Intelligence Committee chair Dianne Feinstein. He claimed she had 'put American lives at risk' and he called CIA participants in the torture program 'heroes, not pawns in some liberal game being played by the ACLU and Senator Feinstein.' Former Rep. Pete Hoekstra (left) argues with ex-CIA analyst Ray McGovern about the Senate torture report on CCTV America's 'The Heat' on Dec. 11, 2014. (Screenshot from program) 
Pompeo seemed to be taking his cue from former chair of the House Intelligence Committee Pete Hoekstra, R-Michigan, who, right after the Senate report was released, boasted to me on live TV that he had been briefed on '90 to 95 percent' of the cruel practices laid bare in the Senate investigation. [See Consortiumnews.com's ' Clashing Face to Face on Torture .' 
Torture also has its supporters in the Senate, which will be called on to confirm Pompeo as CIA director. At a Senate hearing on May 13, 2009, Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, gave a tip of the cap to the Spanish Inquisition, which he cited as proof that torture could elicit some useful confessions (as it was used in the Fifteenth Century to detect 'crypto Jews' and to burn several thousand heretics at the stake). 
During a hearing on detainee interrogations, Sen. Graham said : 'Let's have both sides of the story here,' pointing out that there could be evidence that torture produced 'good information.' Graham added, 'I mean, one of the reasons these techniques have survived for about 500 years is apparently they work.' 
On Wednesday, I was given nine minutes on radio to comment on the ICC's tentative move to seek accountability for American torture practices. But Pompeo's nomination on Friday is sure to dispel the brief moment of anxiety among the CIA's torturers. 
Congressman Pompeo is living proof that you can get all A's at West Point, graduate first in your class, and still flunk the Constitution with its quaint Eighth Amendment prohibition against 'cruel and unusual punishment.' Not knowing the Constitution and the Bill of Rights apparently makes you a good pick to head the CIA. 
As member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI), Pompeo also was protective of the National Security Agency's systematic abuse of the Fourth Amendment's prohibition against illegal searches and seizures. 
The selection of Pompeo came a few days after Vice President-elect Mike Pence told ABC that he would model his handling of the job after former Vice President Dick Cheney under President George W. Bush. 
Though Pence may have meant Cheney's assertive role and interaction with Congress, there was also Cheney's advocacy for 'regime change' wars and what the Bush administration called 'enhanced interrogation techniques,' which earned Cheney the label from The Washington Post, 'Vice President for Torture.' 
Cheney has never been repentant about his aggressiveness in the 'war on terror.' 'I'd do it again in a minute,' he has declared . 
Real Expert on Torture 
Yet, even as Bush-Cheney apologists found excuses and euphemisms for torture, Gen. John Kimmons, head of Army Intelligence, told a Pentagon press conference on Sept. 6, 2006 '“ the same day he knew that President Bush planned to advertise the efficacy of his 'alternate set of procedures' '“ that torture did not result in sound information. President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney receive an Oval Office briefing from CIA Director George Tenet. Also present is Chief of Staff Andy Card (on right). (White House photo) 
Conceding past 'transgressions and mistakes,' Kimmons insisted: 'No good intelligence is going to come from abusive practices. I think history tells us that. I think the empirical evidence of the last five years, hard years, tells us that.' (Emphasis added) 
That's also what I learned as a young Army Intelligence officer 50 years ago. Cheney, Hoekstra, Graham, Trump, Pence and Pompeo can keep whistling on the dark side, but there is zero evidence to challenge what Gen. Kimmons had to guts to point out on that important day. The Senate Intelligence Committee report of December 2014 should have long since laid to rest the canard that torture 'works.' 
On a moral level, I also cannot quite fathom the attitude of Pence '“ who says, 'I'm a Christian, a conservative, and a Republican, in that order' '“ tolerating torture and torture advocates. If memory serves, Jesus Christ was tortured to death. 
Lest I seem to be coming down too hard on how so many fundamentalist Christians wink at (or applaud) torture, I must concede that '“ after 9/11 '“ the growing acceptance of practices like torture, previously widely condemned as totally unacceptable behavior, gained willing acceptance among many non-fundamentalist Christians, as well. 
Many years ago when I studied ethics at Fordham, New York City's Jesuit university, I was taught that there was one immutable category called 'intrinsic evil,' which included slavery, rape and torture. 
Somehow, torture slid out of that category when Fordham's president, Rev. Joseph M. McShane, SJ, succumbed to the 'celebrity virus,' and decided to ask alumnus (then-White House aide on counterterrorism and now CIA Director) John Brennan to give the Commencement address in 2012. 
Brennan had publicly defended the practice of extraordinary rendition (aka kidnaping, most often for torture). Brennan was also on the routing for emails regarding CIA torture procedures. (It is important to note that, without a demonstrated 'need to know,' no one is included as an addressee on such delicate matters.) 
Adding insult to the injury of giving Brennan such an important invitation, he was awarded an honorary doctorate in 'Humane Letters' (what might seem like a sick joke), as fellow honoree, Timothy Cardinal Dolan, Archbishop of New York, applauded from the same platform. 
When a number of graduating seniors objected to this profaning of their graduation, President McShane gave a glib gloss on torture and drone killings in these words: 'We don't live in a black and white world; we live in a gray world.' 
(A group that I helped found, Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity, has written a number of Memoranda on torture and most recently on the CIA's cover-up of torture , an issue completely neglected in the corporate media.) 
Ray McGovern works for Tell the Word, a publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington. He served as an Army Intelligence officer and then a CIA analyst for a total of 30 years, and is co-founder of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity (VIPS).
ARTICLE

America's Post-Trump Widening Divide November 19, 2016 
An ugly side of Donald Trump's victory has been the unleashing of bigotry against minorities and women with the President-elect only mildly reining in these belligerent followers, writes Michael Winship. 
By Michael Winship 
A friend of mine who has dual Israeli-American citizenship tells the story of entering an elevator in Jerusalem shortly after a bullying right-wing government had taken over the country. The other passenger was ostentatiously puffing on a big cigar. My friend pointed to the no smoking sign and politely, in Hebrew, asked the man to douse his smoke. 
'Eff you,' the man replied. 'We're in charge now.' Only he didn't say, 'Eff.' The Confederate battle flag, seen by many around the world as a symbol of white supremacy, has had a resurgence in public displays following Donald Trump's victory. 
Sound familiar? Well, it's a tiptoe through the tulips compared to what's going on in the United States right now. Incidents of hate-related violence and other abuses have proliferated throughout this lovely land of ours. 
The presidential campaign and now the election results have further allowed the pinheads of society to let their racist, misogynistic, anti-Semitic and Islamophobic freak flags fly. Despite denials from many on the Right and the Trump transition team, this is really happening '” unlike that avalanche of fake news stories that have been overwhelming social media. (And yes, I know have been scattered incidents in which Trump followers have been vilified on the streets, but far fewer.) 
Journalists who investigated Trump, his businesses, family and associates have been mailed anti-Semitic screeds or threatened with violence and even death. Women who have reported on Trump have been sent the vilest sexist epithets. Kshama Sawant, the socialist city council member from Seattle who recently urged protests at Trump's inauguration in January, has been targeted for email and phone attacks, some of which have suggested that she kill herself. 
Just about everyone I know has a story or two or three from the last week and a half. My friend Deana tells of a part-Asian co-worker swung at by a white male who mistook him as being from the Middle East, of a friend's boyfriend who was told to 'Go back to Africa' on his Facebook page, of another friend's middle-school-aged daughter and other girls who were pushed around by boys in her class, some wearing Trump T-shirts and shouting hateful things about women. 
An Upsurge in Ugliness 
From the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) : 'Between Wednesday, Nov. 9, the day after the presidential election, and the morning of Monday, Nov. 14, [SPLC] collected 437 reports of hateful intimidation and harassment'¦ Venues of harassment included K-12 schools (99), businesses (76) and universities (67). Common also was vandalism and leafleting on private property (40) and epithets and slurs hurled from moving vehicles (38).'   Trump and his running mate Mike Pence thank their supporters for the upset victory on Nov. 8, 2016. (Photo from donaldjtrump.com) 
A new report from the FBI states that last year, hate crimes were up 6 percent, with a two-thirds increase in attacks against Muslims. According to their statistics, 'There were 5,818 single-bias incidents involving 7,121 victims. Of those victims, 59.2 percent were targeted because of a race/ethnicity/ancestry bias; 19.7 percent because of a religious bias; 17.7 percent because of a sexual-orientation bias; 1.7 percent because of a gender-identity bias; 1.2 percent because of a disability bias; and 0.4 percent because of a gender bias.' 
Camila Domonosket at NPR notes, 'The FBI report is based on local law enforcement data. It almost certainly understates the scale of the problem: In 2014, the Bureau of Justice Statistics estimated, based on victim surveys, that 60 percent of hate crimes are never reported to police.' 
Here in New York City, the police department reports that so far in 2016 , hate crimes have jumped 30 percent from the same period last year, 'including a spike during last week's hotly contested presidential election,' according to DNAInfo New York . 'NYPD statistics show that anti-Muslim and anti-'sexual orientation' motivations were responsible for much of the rise.' 
But what was Donald Trump's response to the reports of the upswing in hate crimes after his election? 'I am very surprised to hear that,' he told 60 Minutes' Lesley Stahl . 'I hate to hear that, I mean I hate to hear that.' 
Lesley Stahl: But you do hear it? 
Donald Trump: I don't hear it '” I saw, I saw one or two instances'¦ 
Lesley Stahl: On social media? 
Donald Trump: But I think it's a very small amount. Again, I think it's '” 
Lesley Stahl: Do you want to say anything to those people? 
Donald Trump: I would say don't do it, that's terrible, 'cause I'm gonna bring this country together. 
Lesley Stahl: They're harassing Latinos, Muslims '” 
Donald Trump: I am so saddened to hear that. And I say, 'Stop it.' If it '” if it helps. I will say this, and I will say right to the cameras: Stop it. 
'Stop it.' Really? That's all? You sounded like a parent telling the kids in the back seat to quit fidgeting. Make your condemnation swift, adamant and loud. We know you know how to do loud. Demand that it cease. 
The Bannon Factor 
And while we're at it, Mr. President-elect, the appointment of your campaign CEO Steve Bannon as counselor and chief White House strategist makes a hideous situation even worse. Cancel it. Steve Bannon, political adviser to   Trump. (Photo from YouTube) 
This is, after all, the person who '” more than a year ago! '” Joshua Green at Bloomberg BusinessWeek succinctly described as 'the most dangerous political operative in America.' 
Julia Zorthian at TIME magazine writes that as head of the alt-right news website Breitbart , 'Bannon has given voice to some of the unsavory forces floating around the conservative movement's fringe, including a resurgence of white nationalism. His appointment has fueled anger , with critics decrying Bannon's connections to racist and anti-Semitic views.' 
In recent days, many of you have seen some of Breibart 's headlines: 'Bill Kristol: Republican spoiler, renegade Jew,' 'Birth control makes women unattractive and crazy,' 'Would you rather your child had feminism or cancer?' and 'Gay rights have made us dumber, it's time to get back in the closet.' 
Even The Washington Post' s Kathleen Parker, who cut Bannon some slack in a recent column , concluded that 'he has been willing to strategically encourage people's hate as a way of inciting them to action. How these methods will manifest themselves in the White House remains to be seen. But we can uncomfortably imagine that Trump under Bannon's direction will do whatever it takes to get what he wants.' Swell. 
So hate speech and Steve Bannon: a perfect pair. Donald Trump, you've let this evil genie out of the bottle. Set an example for a country so viciously torn asunder. Use one of your two remaining wishes and end this madness. 
Michael Winship is the Emmy Award-winning senior writer of Moyers & Company and BillMoyers.com, and a former senior writing fellow at the policy and advocacy group Demos. Follow him on Twitter at @MichaelWinship . [This article originally appeared at http://billmoyers.com/story/none-normal-un-american/ ]
ARTICLE

Celebrating the Death of the TPP Trade Deal November 20, 2016 
Exclusive: It's been a rough year for neo-liberalism and its orthodoxy about global 'free trade,' now including the political defeat of President Obama's Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, writes Chelsea Gilmour. 
By Chelsea Gilmour 
In all practical senses, U.S. participation in the Trans-Pacific Partnership is over, at least for now. The Washington Post reported that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says Congress will not seek to ratify the trade deal during the lame-duck session, essentially the last hope of the Obama Administration to pass the deal. People celebrated the defeat of the TPP at a rally on November 17, 2016. (Photo by Chelsea Gilmour) 
House Speaker Paul Ryan said the GOP does not have enough votes to pass TPP in the House, with soon-to-be Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-New York, confirming the deal will not be approved. 
How did this historic defeat happen? One answer is people-power built around widespread anger over the damage that earlier trade deals, such as NAFTA, have done to America's manufacturing base and the decent-paying jobs that went with it. 
The TPP deal was viewed as one more corporate give-away and another sell-out of the working class, a disdain shared by many on both the Left and Right. That, in turn, inspired a strong bipartisan, grassroots opposition that delayed passage of the deal, carrying the issue into 2016 and the presidential election. Timing sealed the deal's fate, TPP became political anathema to any politician who tried to touch it. 
The pushback against the Trans-Pacific Partnership came from many directions, mainly because of the intersectional nature of the deal itself. The TPP would have affected everything from environmental regulations to internet privacy to pharmaceutical prices to workers' ability to organize themselves. 
Celebrating a Victory 
At a rally organized by the labor union National Nurses United (NNU) on Nov. 17 in Washington, D.C., various unions, progressive groups and Congressional Democrats came together to celebrate TPP's apparent defeat and to emphasize the importance of continuing the grassroots momentum under the incoming Trump administration. 
Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii and former Ohio State Sen. Nina Turner spoke at the event, along with leaders of various unions and organizations, such as AFL-CIO Vice President Tefere Gebre. The Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU), the Communication Workers of America (CWA), and United Steelworkers (USW) were some of the unions in attendance to support the defeat of the deal and to celebrate their role in helping halt the deal in Congress. 
Fernando Losada, the Collective Bargaining Director of National Nurses United who organized the rally, said 'The movement against TPP was a movement of movements, if you will '” a movement for healthcare justice, movement for environmental justice, movement for workers rights, etc. All these things were under threat under TPP and now those same movements are under threat [from the Trump administration], so we have to be vigilant, not only about the trade agreements but all the issues.' Members of National Nurses United, which organized the anti-TPP event on November 17, 2016, hold signs supporting Bernie Sanders and Medicare for All. (Photo by Chelsea Gilmour) 
The rally was originally organized to galvanize opposition to the TPP but the trade deal's political demise transformed the event into more of a celebration. Because of Trump's victory in the Nov. 8 election, the rally shifted emphasis somewhat to concerns about the actions of a Trump administration. 
For instance, a main theme of the rally was Medicare for All, single-payer healthcare for all American citizens, but there was also fear that the Republican-controlled Congress would take aim at Medicare itself, the health insurance program for the elderly. 
Losada explained: 'Medicare itself '” Medicare for the limited numbers that it's available to now '” is completely vulnerable and exposed to existential attack by the Republican administration. Paul Ryan, in particular, stated he wants to privatize it.' 
Next Steps for Progressives 
There were also signs of a shared Left-Right hostility toward policies pushed by the Establishment that harm common citizens, the TPP trade deal being only one, though the rally focused on what progressives should do in the future. 
'It's really about all the political Establishment that would think about undermining our past achievements, our rights, and our aspirations for the future as a movement,' Losado said. 'We've got to organize people's power here, there's just no alternative to it. We can only organize our way out of this one. 
'We think that this coming period is going to really rally people, we're already seeing that. We're going to see a rise in militancy, a rise in vigilance and maybe this is what the movement needs to finally get us over the hump. The alternative, of a neoliberal regime in power, ultimately may have not helped the final outcome, so we'll see. We'll remain hopeful. All we can do is fight.' 
Former Ohio Sen. Turner, a Bernie Sanders supporter during Campaign 2016, MC'd the event and asked attendees '” particularly progressives '” to be wary against tactics of division and hate in their organizing efforts, tactics which were used extensively by the Trump team. She said the 'promise lies in the problem' and referenced the popular Democratic slogan, 'Love Trumps Hate.' 
Bernie Sanders called on Democrats to reflect on their own shortcomings and to formulate a new direction moving forward. He endorsed Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minnesota, to become the new chairman of the Democratic National Committee. (Photo by Chelsea Gilmour) 
Addressing the likely policies of the incoming Trump administration, Sanders said, 'Donald Trump is not going to stand up to the Establishment '” We are going to stand up to the Establishment.' 
He stressed the need for individuals of all political stripes to get involved in movement-building in their own communities: 'If there's any message I have today it is not 'Bernie,' it is 'All of Us Together.' '¦ 
'As previous speakers have told you and what I believe: if you look at history, the lesson that you learn is that when ordinary people stand up by the millions, when they don't let demagogues divide us up '¦ when we stand together and keep our eyes on the prize, when we focus on economic justice, when we focus on social justice, racial justice, environmental justice, when we stand together, Donald Trump and nobody '” nobody '” is going to stop us. Let us go forward together.'
ARTICLE

Making the Transition Less Chaotic November 20, 2016 
The mainstream U.S. media is faulting Donald Trump for a turbulent start to the presidential transition, but part of the chaos is baked into the process and its excessively large job turnover, says ex-CIA analyst Paul R. Pillar. 
By Paul R. Pillar 
Disarray in the Trump transition apparatus has been a major news story, so much so that one of the President-elect's recent Twitter offensives has been to assert that there isn't any disarray and to castigate the New York Times for covering the disarray. 
Amid all the transition horse race coverage of who's in and who's out and which appointment will be even more controversial than other appointments, almost no one is taking this episode as another reminder of how needless is much of this confusion and turmoil. Donald Trump and Mike Pence during Day Three of the Republican National Convention. (Photo credit: Grant Miller/RNC) 
The United States is alone among advanced representative democracies in subjecting itself to disruption in which thousands of government officials are replaced every time the electorate changes the political leadership. Far more common among sister democracies is changing of government that entails replacement of a slate of ministers and a small number of assistants and staff, with a permanent professional service underneath them charged with carrying out whatever policies are identified with the leaders whom the voters have elected. 
Granted, most of the positions that have been the focus so far of the transition in the United States are cabinet-level posts that would be changing as well in those other democracies. But there are thousands more jobs to go; the turmoil is just beginning. 
The confusion is worse this year because so many of the President-elect's presumed policies are themselves confused extrapolations from fragmentary and often contradictory comments he made during the campaign, with no prior public service on his part from which to draw conclusions. Moreover, because of the experience-free, blank-slate quality of so much of what passes for a Trump program, more is riding this year than most years on who wins the contests for plum jobs. But the disadvantages of the whole disruptive process are not unique to this transition or to Trump. 
Unnecessary Disruptions 
One of the biggest disadvantages is the sheer disruption itself, with all the resulting interruptions to governmental programs and foreign relations. Newcomers are still learning the location of rest rooms and the phone numbers of essential contacts elsewhere in the government as continuing business must be transacted. It also has become routine with each transition for many senior positions to remain vacant for months after the inauguration. President Barack Obama returning to the White House on Jan. 17, 2013. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
The quadrennial purge of upper levels of the U.S. Government may be consistent with the habit of thinking of U.S. policy in terms of discrete administrations, but it is inconsistent with the larger reality that '” notwithstanding the understandable focus on where political parties and candidates differ '” most of the important business and important interests of the United States continue across administrations. 
This certainly is true of the vast majority of issues in foreign relations. Here the Trump transition has made transition confusion among overseas partners even worse by eschewing the usual procedure of coordinating a President-elect's contacts with foreign leaders through the State Department's operations center. The politically sensitive matter of who gets a phone call before whom has been thrown to the wind and the ordering determined by such things as whether [Australian] pro golfer Greg Norman had Trump's phone number to give to his prime minister. 
Not least important: experience, expertise, and the knowledge that comes from continuous work on a problem matter a lot in the sound administration of policy. That is what one gets from a professional civil service and does not get from most newbie political appointments. 
Pre-election political support appears so far to be at least as important a criterion in Trump's appointments as it is with other incoming administrations. It is not what makes for carefully crafted and skillfully executed policy. 
Passing Out Plums 
The usual rationale for making political appointments in the thousands is that this helps assure that the elected president's policies will be fully implemented and is thus consistent with the democratic principle of policy reflecting the will of the voters who elected that president. Steve Bannon, political adviser to President-elect Donald Trump. (Photo from YouTube) 
In fact, the filling of those jobs often has nothing to do with the will of the people, results in policies that may even be contrary to that will, and puts into office people more inclined to pursue their own agendas rather than any agenda associated with the president or any platform on which he or she ran. 
In most transition years, probably the single factor that most influences which of the ambitious and willful people aspiring to senior executive branch jobs will get the jobs is which of those people, early in the primary stage of the election campaign, made better political predictions than other people and hitched their wagons to what turned out to be the winning horse. 
Amid the disarray of this year, we have the added spectacle of senior appointments depending on such things as internal squabbling over who runs the transition, which in turn depends on such things as the President-elect's son-in-law getting revenge on the previous transition head because he had prosecuted the son-in-law's father for tax evasion and other crimes. None of this has much of anything to do with democracy. 
The periodic purging of the senior governmental ranks is one of several ways in which, although exceptionalist-minded Americans may be reluctant to admit it, American democracy lags behind democracy elsewhere. 
A Better Way? 
This year's election gives multiple reasons to long for a British-style parliamentary system. One reason is that those cabinet-level appointments that are the focus in the United States of ructious transition team politics and out-of-right-field possibilities such as a John Bolton or Rudolph Giuliani would instead mostly go to members of the winning party who had been front-bench shadow ministers, had themselves been elected by the people, and had acquired and demonstrated some expertise with clusters of issues as exhibited in parliamentary debate. 
The British system also makes for far clearer and better understanding of who is responsible for policy and who should be held accountable for failures or rewarded for successes. Notwithstanding the advantages of checks and balances in the U.S. system, it does not provide democratic accountability when the electorate is ignorant, as it was with great effect this year . 
For example, a poll taken two years ago by the Annenberg Public Policy Center showed that only 38 percent of respondents knew that Republicans controlled the House of Representatives. Couple that lack of knowledge among the electorate with a Congressional Republican playbook that, as Norman Ornstein of the American Enterprise Institute describes it , consisted of, 'Vote in unison against everything, filibuster everything, even those things you like, to obstruct action and make it look ugly, allow damage to the country in the short term to reap political rewards in the next election.' 
A result is what we saw this year: a large part of the electorate understandably frustrated with a dysfunctional government's failure to provide better for the general welfare, but with poorly informed aim regarding where they should direct their ire. 
Moving to a parliamentary system would entail a huge constitutional change, and that is not going to happen. But there is nothing in the Constitution that requires the confused and disruptive quadrennial purging of the Executive Branch. 
We can't blame the Founding Fathers for that one. The main reason that flaw in American democracy probably won't get fixed is the reluctance of any candidate to forgo being able to offer as many plums to would-be supporters as other candidates have offered. 
Paul R. Pillar, in his 28 years at the Central Intelligence Agency, rose to be one of the agency's top analysts. He is author most recently of Why America Misunderstands the World . (This article first appeared as a blog post at The National Interest's Web site. Reprinted with author's permission.)
ARTICLE

NYT Advocates Internet Censorship November 20, 2016 
Exclusive: The New York Times wants a system of censorship for the Internet to block what it calls 'fake news,' but the Times ignores its own record of publishing 'fake news,' reports Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
In its lead editorial on Sunday, The New York Times decried what it deemed 'The Digital Virus Called Fake News' and called for Internet censorship to counter this alleged problem, taking particular aim at Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg for letting 'liars and con artists hijack his platform.' 
As this mainstream campaign against 'fake news' quickly has gained momentum in the past week, two false items get cited repeatedly, a claim that Pope Francis endorsed Donald Trump and an assertion that Trump was prevailing in the popular vote over Hillary Clinton. I could add another election-related falsehood, a hoax spread by Trump supporters that liberal documentarian Michael Moore was endorsing Trump when he actually was backing Clinton. New York Times building in New York City. (Photo from Wikipedia) 
But I also know that Clinton supporters were privately pushing some salacious and unsubstantiated charges about Trump's sex life, and Clinton personally charged that Trump was under the control of Russian President Vladimir Putin although there was no evidence presented to support that McCarthyistic accusation. 
The simple reality is that lots of dubious accusations get flung around during the heat of a campaign '“ nothing new there '“ and it is always a challenge for professional journalists to swat them down the best we can. What's different now is that the Times envisions some structure (or algorithm) for eliminating what it calls 'fake news.' 
But, with a stunning lack of self-awareness, the Times fails to acknowledge the many times that it has published 'fake news,' such as reporting in 2002 that Iraq's purchase of aluminum tubes meant that it was reconstituting its nuclear weapons program ; its bogus analysis tracing the firing location of a Syrian sarin-laden rocket in 2013 back to a Syrian military base that turned out to be four times outside the rocket's range; or its publication of photos supposedly showing Russian soldiers inside Russia and then inside Ukraine in 2014 when it turned out that the 'inside-Russia' photo was also taken inside Ukraine, destroying the premise of the story. The controversial map developed by Human Rights Watch and embraced by the New York Times, supposedly showing the flight paths of two missiles from the Aug. 21 Sarin attack intersecting at a Syrian military base. 
These are just three examples among many of the Times publishing 'fake news' '“ and all three appeared on Page One before being grudgingly or partially retracted, usually far inside the newspaper under opaque headlines so most readers wouldn't notice. Much of the Times' 'fake news' continued to reverberate in support of U.S. government propaganda even after the partial retractions. 
Who Is the Judge? 
So, should Zuckerberg prevent Facebook users from circulating New York Times stories? Obviously, the Times would not favor that solution to the problem of 'fake news.' Instead, the Times expects to be one of the arbiters deciding which Internet outlets get banned and which ones get gold seals of approval. 
The Times lead editorial, following a front-page article on the same topic on Friday, leaves little doubt what the newspaper would like to see. It wants major Internet platforms and search engines, such as Facebook and Google, to close off access to sites accused of disseminating 'fake news.' Photograph published by the New York Times purportedly taken in Russia of Russian soldiers who later appeared in eastern Ukraine. However, the photographer has since stated that the photo was actually taken in Ukraine, and the U.S. State Department has acknowledged the error. 
The editorial said, 'a big part of the responsibility for this scourge rests with internet companies like Facebook and Google, which have made it possible for fake news to be shared nearly instantly with millions of users and have been slow to block it from their sites. '¦ 
'Facebook says it is working on weeding out such fabrications. It said last Monday that it would no longer place Facebook-powered ads on fake news websites, a move that could cost Facebook and those fake news sites a lucrative source of revenue. Earlier on the same day, Google said it would stop letting those sites use its ad placement network. These steps would help, but Facebook, in particular, owes its users, and democracy itself, far more. 
'Facebook has demonstrated that it can effectively block content like click-bait articles and spam from its platform by tweaking its algorithms, which determine what links, photos and ads users see in their news feeds. '¦ Facebook managers are constantly changing and refining the algorithms, which means the system is malleable and subject to human judgment.' 
The Times editorial continued: 'This summer, Facebook decided to show more posts from friends and family members in users' news feeds and reduce stories from news organizations, because that's what it said users wanted. If it can do that, surely its programmers can train the software to spot bogus stories and outwit the people producing this garbage. '¦ 
'Mr. Zuckerberg himself has spoken at length about how social media can help improve society. '¦ None of that will happen if he continues to let liars and con artists hijack his platform.' 
Gray Areas 
But the problem is that while some falsehoods may be obvious and clear-cut, much information exists in a gray area in which two or more sides may disagree on what the facts are. And the U.S. government doesn't always tell the truth although you would be hard-pressed to find recent examples of the Times recognizing that reality. Especially over the past several decades, the Times has usually embraced the Official Version of a disputed event and has deemed serious skepticism out of bounds. Former New York Times reporter Judith Miller, co-author of the Iraq 'aluminum tube' story. 
That was the way the Times treated denials from the Iraqi government and some outside experts who disputed the 'aluminum tube' story in 2002 '“ and how the Times has brushed off disagreements regarding the U.S. government's portrayal of events in Syria, Ukraine and Russia. Increasingly, the Times has come across as a propaganda conduit for Official Washington rather than a professional journalistic entity. 
But the Times and other mainstream news outlets '“ along with some favored Internet sites '“ now sit on a Google-financed entity called the First Draft Coalition , which presents itself as a kind of Ministry of Truth that will decide which stories are true and which are 'fake.' 
If the Times' editorial recommendations are followed, the disfavored stories and the sites publishing them would no longer be accessible through popular search engines and platforms, essentially blocking the public's access to them. [See Consortiumnews.com's ' What to Do About 'Fake News.' '] 
The Times asserts that such censorship would be good for democracy '“ and it surely is true that hoaxes and baseless conspiracy theories are no help to democracy '“ but regulation of information in the manner that the Times suggests has more than a whiff of Orwellian totalitarianism to it. 
And the proposal is especially troubling coming from the Times, with its checkered recent record of disseminating dangerous disinformation. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).
ARTICLE

Obstacles to Trump's 'Growth' Plans November 21, 2016 
Rust Belt voters turned to Donald Trump in hopes he could reindustrialize the U.S., but the President-elect's plans could encounter major financial and geopolitical obstacles, says ex-British diplomat Alastair Crooke. 
By Alastair Crooke 
We are plainly at a pivotal moment. President-Elect Trump wants to make dramatic changes in his nation's course. His battle cry of wanting to make 'America Great Again' evokes '“ and almost certainly is intended to evoke '“ the epic American economic expansions of the Nineteenth and Twentieth centuries. 
Trump wants to reverse the off-shoring of American jobs; he wants to revive America's manufacturing base; he wants to recast the terms of international trade; he wants growth; and he wants jobs in the U.S. '“ and he wants to turn America's foreign policy around 180 degrees. The run-down PIX Theatre sign reads 'Vote Trump' on Main Street in Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. July 15, 2016. (Photo by Tony Webster Flickr) 
It is an agenda that is, as it were, quite laudable. Many Americans want just this, and the transition in which we are presently in '“ dictated by the global elusiveness and search for growth (whatever is meant now by this term 'growth'), clearly requires a different economic approach from that followed in recent decades. 
As RaÃºl Ilargi Meijer has perceptively posited , greater self-reliance 'is the future of the world, 'post-growth', and post-globalization. Every country, and every society, needs to focus on self-reliance, not as some idealistic luxury choice, but as a necessity. And that is not as bad or terrible as people would have you believe, and it's not the end of the world '¦ It is not an idealistic transition towards self-sufficiency, it's simply and inevitably what's left, once unfettered growth hits the skids. '¦ 
'Our entire world views and 'philosophies' are based on ever more and ever bigger and then some, and our entire economies are built upon it. That has already made us ignore the decline of our real markets for many years now . We focus on data about stock markets and the like, and ignore the demise of our respective heartlands, and flyover countries '¦ 
'Donald Trump looks very much like the ideal fit for this transition '¦ What matters [here] is that he promises to bring back jobs to America, and that's what the country needs '¦ Not so they can then export their products, but to consume them at home, and sell them in the domestic market '¦There's nothing wrong or negative with an American buying products made in America instead of in China. 
'There's nothing economically '“ let alone morally '“ wrong with people producing what they and their families and close neighbours themselves want, and need, without hauling it halfway around the world for a meagre profit. At least not for the man in the street. It's not a threat to our 'open societies', as many claim. That openness does not depend on having things shipped to your stores over 1000s of miles, that you could have made yourselves, at a potentially huge benefit to your local economy. An 'open society' is a state of mind, be it collective or personal. It's not something that's for sale.' 
A Great Wish 
That's Trump's ostensible great wish, (it seems). It is not an unworthy one, but things have changed: America is no longer what it was in the Nineteenth or Twentieth centuries, neither in terms of untapped natural resources, nor societally. And nor is the rest of the world the same either. 
Mr. Trump rather unfortunately may find that his chief task will not be the management of this Great Re-orientation, but more prosaically, fending off the headwinds which he will face as he hauls on the tiller of the economy. 
In short, there is a real prospect that his ambitious economic 'remake' may well be prematurely punctured by financial crisis. 
These headwinds will not be of his making, and for the main part, they lie beyond human agency per se . They are structural, and they are multiple. They represent the accumulation of an earlier monetary doctrine which will fetter the President-elect into a small corner from which any chosen exit will carry adverse implications. 
Ditto for anyone else trying to steer any ship of state in this contemporary global economy. Paradoxically '“ in an era moving toward greater self-sufficiency '“ what success Trump may have, however, will likely depend not on self-reliance so much as he would like. 
For his foreign policy about turn, he will depend on finding common interest with Russian President Vladimir Putin (that should not be too hard) '“ and for the economic 'about turn' '“ on Trump's ability not to confront China, but to come to some modus vivendi with President Xi (less easy). 
'Things are not what they were.' Complexity 'theory' tells us that trying to repeat what worked earlier '“ in very different conditions '“ will likely not work if repeated later. In the Clinton era, for example, 85 percent of the U.S. population growth derived from the working-age population. The headwind that Trump will face is that, over the next eight years, 80 percent of the population growth will comprise 65+ year olds . And 65+ year olds are not a good engine of economic growth. This is not an uniquely American problem; it is a global trend too. 
'The peak growth' (according to Econimica blog), 'in the annual combined working age population (15-64 year/olds) among all the 35 wealthy OECD nations, China, Brazil, and Russia has collapsed since its 1981 peak. The annual growth in the working age population among these nations has fallen from +29 million a year to just +1 million in 2016 '¦ but from here on, the working age population will be declining every year '¦ These nations make up almost three quarters of all global demand for oil and exports in general. But their combined working age populations will shrink every year, from here on (surely for decades and perhaps far longer). Global demand for nearly everything is set to suffer. ' (FFR stands for Federal Funds Rate: i.e. the US key interest rate) Source: http://econimica.blogspot.it/2016/11/trump-lies-no-different-than-obama-or.html 
And then there is China : It too is passing through a difficult 'transition' from the old economy to an 'innovative' one. It too, has an aging population and a debt problem (with a debt-to-gross domestic ratio reaching 247 percent). Trump argues that China deliberately holds down the value of its currency to gain unfair trade advantage, and he further suggests that he intends to confront the Chinese government on this key issue. 
Again, Trump does have a point (many nations are managing their exchange rates precisely in order to try to 'steal' a little bit extra growth from the diminished global pot). But as noted at Zerohedge, citing the analysis of One River Asset Management executive Eric Peters: 
'What's good for the US in this case [the rising dollar and interest rates in anticipation of 'Trumponomics'], is not good for emerging markets (EMs). Emerging markets benefit from a weaker dollar, and you're not going to get that. Emerging markets benefit from global capital flows moving in their direction and that's not happening either. Back in February, emerging markets were in sharp decline, driven by (1) a strong dollar, (2) rising US interest rates, and (3) slowing Chinese growth. Then China spurred a massive credit stimulus, the Fed became wildly dovish, and the dollar declined sharply. 
'Interest rates collapsed throughout the year. As the growing pool of dollar, euro and yen liquidity searched for a decent return, it headed to emerging markets. Trump has reignited the dollar rally, and his fiscal stimulus will force interest rates higher. This reversed everything. [the dollars are heading home] 
'And to be sure, the Beijing boys don't want to see material weakness ahead of next autumn's Party Congress. But we're currently near peak impulse from China's Q1 stimulus.' 
In short, Peters is saying that, with the appreciating dollar and rising interest rate environment, growth from emerging markets as a whole will falter, since emerging markets have effectively leveraged their economies to Chinese growth. It used to be the case that they were closely tied to U.S. growth, but it is now China which dominates the EMs' trade flows [i.e. without China growth, the EMs languish]. The question is, can America reboot its growth whilst China and the EMs languish? It is another structural shift, whereas heretofore, it was vice versa: without U.S. growth, the EMs and China languished. Now it is the converse. 
Hollowed-Out Economies 
There are other structural changes of course which will make it harder for the industrially hollowed-out economies of the West to recuperate jobs off-shored earlier. Firstly, there has been a systemic shift of innovation and technology eastwards (often to a more skilled and better-educated workforce). This represents not only an economic event, but a redistribution of power too. In any case, technology in this new era is being more job destructive than creative. 
In one sense, Trump's economic plan to 'get America working again' through massive debt-financed, infrastructure projects, harks back to the Reagan era, which was also a period in which the dollar was strong. But yet again, 'things today are not what they were then.' Inflation then was at 13 percent, Interest rates were around 20 percent, and crucially, the U.S. debt to GDP ratio was a mere 35 percent (compared to today's estimate of 71.8 percent or 104.5 percent with external debt included). 
Then, as Jack Rickards has suggested , the strong dollar was deflationary (deliberately so), and interest rates had nowhere to go, but down. It was the beginning of the three decades' bond boom, which finally seems to have come to an end, coincident with Trump's election. Today, inflation has nowhere to go but up '“ as have interest rates '“ and the bond market, nowhere to go, but (perilously) down. 
Growth and Jobs? 
Can Trump then achieve growth and jobs through infrastructure expenditure? Well, 'growth' is an ambiguous, shape-shifting term. The first chart shows both sides of the equation '¦ the annual GDP growth and the annual federal debt incurred, spent, and (thus counted as part of the growth) to achieve the purported growth. Source: http://econimica.blogspot.it/2016/11/trump-lies-no-different-than-obama-or.html 
The second chart shows the annual GDP minus the annual growth in federal debt to achieve that 'GDP growth.' In other words, unlike in the earlier Reagan times, more recently, the debt is producing no growth '“ but '¦ well '¦ just more debt, mostly. 
In fact, what the second chart is reflecting is the dilution '“ through money 'printing' '“ of purchasing power: away from one entity (the American consumer), through the intermediation of the financial sector, to other entities (mostly financial entities, and to corporations buying back their own shares). This is debt deflation: the American consumer ends having less and less purchasing power (in the sense of residual discretionary income). 
The point here is that 'growth' is becoming rarer everywhere. Russia and China, like everyone else, are in search for new sources for growth. 
As Rickards has said, debt is the 'devil' that can undo Trump's whole schema: a '$1 trillion infrastructure refurbishment plan, along with his proposal to rebuild the military, will '” at least in the short-term '” significantly increase annual deficits. In fact, deficits are already soaring; the fiscal 2016 budget hole jumped to $587 billion, up from $438 in the prior year, for a huge 34% increase'¦in addition to this, Trump's protectionist trade policies would implement either a 35% tariff on certain imports or would require these goods to be produced inside the United States, at much higher prices. For example, the increase in labor costs from goods made in China would be 190% when compared to the federally mandated minimum wage earner in the United States. Hence, inflation is on the way.' 
In sum, self-sufficiency implies higher domestic costs and price rises for consumers. Source: http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-16/saudis-china-dump-treasuries-foreign-central-banks-liquidate-record-375-billion-us-p 
Debt will rise. And there is seemingly already a buyers' strike against U.S. government debt underway: well over a third of a $1 trillion worth of Treasuries were disposed of, and sold in the year to Aug. 31 by foreign Central Banks. 
And who is buying it? (Below, the chart shows what this purchasing looks like, as a percentage of total debt issued by the Treasury). Well, foreign central banks have disappeared. (The Chinese have not bought a U.S. Treasury bond since 2011.) (Above: who purchased the marketable debt as a percentage, by period)Source: http://econimica.blogspot.it/2016/11/trump-lies-no-different-than-obama-or.html 
It is the American public who are buying. Will they be willing to take on Trump's $1 trillion infrastructure spree? Or, will it be 'printed' in yet another dilution of the American consumer's purchasing power? The question of whether the infrastructure splurge does give growth hangs very much in the balance to such answers. (Equity shares in construction firms will do okay, of course). 
The bottom line: (Michael Pento, Pento Report ): 'If interest rates continue to rise it won't just be bond prices that will collapse. It will be every asset that has been priced off that so called 'risk free rate of return' offered by sovereign debt. The painful lesson will then be learned that having a virtual zero interest rate policy for the past 90 months wasn't at all risk free. All of the asset prices negative interest rates have so massively distorted including; corporate debt, municipal bonds, REITs, CLOs, equities, commodities, luxury cars, art, all fixed income assets and their proxies, and everything in between, will fall concurrently along with the global economy. 
'For the record, a normalization of bond yields would be very healthy for the economy in the long-run, as it is necessary to reconcile the massive economic imbalances now in existence. However, President Trump will want no part of the depression that would run concurrently with collapsing real estate, equity and bond prices.' 
A Pending Financial Crisis 
Trump, to be fair, has said consistently throughout the election campaign that whoever won the Presidential campaign to take office in January would face a financial crisis. Perhaps he will not face the 'violent unwind' of the QE and bond bubble as some experts have predicted , but many more '“ according to Bank of America's survey of 177 fund managers over the last six days, and controlling just under half a trillion of assets '“ expect a 'stagflationary bond crash.' 
This has major political implications. Trump is setting out to do no less than transform the economy and foreign policy of the U.S. He is doing this against a backdrop of many of the followers of the liberal Ã©lite, so angered at the election outcome, that they reject completely his electoral legitimacy (and, with the Ã©lites themselves staying mum at this rejection of the U.S. democratic process). Movements are being organized to wreck his Presidency (see here for example). If Trump does indeed experience a severe financial 'unwind' at a time of such domestic anger and agitation, matters could turn quite ugly. 
Alastair Crooke is a former British diplomat who was a senior figure in British intelligence and in European Union diplomacy. He is the founder and director of the Conflicts Forum, which advocates for engagement between political Islam and the West.
ARTICLE

Failed Investigations of JFK's Murder November 21, 2016 
More than a half century later, John F. Kennedy's assassination still resonates not only because of its historical importance but because the investigation was more a cover-up than a pursuit of truth, says researcher Gary Aguilar. 
By Gary Aguilar 
November 22 marks the 53 rd anniversary of John F. Kennedy's assassination. If history is any guide, it's likely some mainstream outlet will commemorate that dark day with reassurances that the Warren Commission was right that Lee Harvey Oswald did it alone, and that most doubters, who have been in the majority since the mid-1960s, are randy conspiracy theorists. That is the essential message by one of the experts likely to be cited this year, attorney Howard Willens. President John F. Kennedy in the motorcade through Dallas shortly before his assassination on Nov. 22, 1963. (Photo credit: Walt Cisco, Dallas Morning News) 
One of the few still-living Warren Commission staffers, Willens followed up his 2013 book, History Will Prove Us Right, with a spirited defense of the Commission in the summer, 2016 issue of the journal, The American Scholar , which he co-wrote with another Commission staffer, attorney Richard Mosk. The piece , 'The Truth About Dallas, ' is a celebration of the work and conclusions of the original investigation. 
But Willens's and Mosk's defense of the work of the Warren Commission they served on is more notable for what they omit from the official record than what they include. 'What the critics often forget or ignore,' they write, 'is that since 1964, several government agencies have also looked at aspects of our work,' (p. 59) as if the Church Committee and the House Select Committee on Assassinations (HSCA) had reviewed and applauded the Commission's work. 
Indeed, they did look at it. But rather than plaudits, they issued stinging rebukes, principally for the Commission's having been rolled by FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, and to a lesser extent, by the CIA and the Secret Service. 
'It must be said that the FBI generally exhausted its resources in confirming its case against Oswald as the lone assassin,' the HSCA concluded, 'a case that Director J. Edgar Hoover, at least, seemed determined to make within 24 hours of the of the assassination.' 
In essence, the experienced investigators concluded that Hoover had divined the solution to the crime before starting the inquiry, and then his agents confirmed the boss's epiphany. The intimidated Warren Commission went right along. FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover 
And with good reason, only part of which Willens and Mosk tell. They admit that the 'FBI had originally opposed the creation of the Warren Commission' and that Hoover 'ordered investigations of commission staff members.' But they don't tell that Hoover deployed one of his favorite dirty tricks to deal not only with support staffers, such as Willens and Mosk, but also with the commissioners themselves. 
'[D]erogatory information pertaining to both Commission members and staff was brought to Mr. Hoover's attention,' the Church Committee reported . (emphasis added) 
Hoover's Spy 
Willens and Mosk also forgot to mention that Hoover had a personal spy on the Warren Commission, then Rep. Gerald Ford, who tattled on Commissioners who were (justifiably) skeptical of the Bureau's work. 
'Ford indicated he would keep me thoroughly advised as to the activities of the Commission,' FBI Agent Cartha DeLoach wrote in a once secret memo. 'He stated this would have to be done on a confidential basis, however he thought it should be done.' Autopsy photo of President John F. Kennedy. 
At the bottom of the memo, Hoover scrawled , 'Well handled.' The success of Hoover's machinations was obvious to subsequent government investigators. (Ford, of course, later became President upon the resignation of Richard Nixon in 1974.) 
The HSCA's chief counsel, Notre Dame Law Professor Robert Blakey, a criminal investigator and prosecutor with vastly better credentials than either Willens or Mosk, was impressed with neither the Commission's vigor nor its independence. 
'What was significant,' Blakey determined, 'was the ability of the FBI to intimidate the Commission, in light of the Bureau's predisposition on the questions of Oswald's guilt and whether there had been a conspiracy. At a January 27 [1964] Commission meeting, there was another dialogue [among Warren Commissioners]: 
'John McCloy: ''¦ the time is almost overdue for us to have a better perspective of the FBI investigation than we now have '¦ We are so dependent on them for our facts '¦ .' 
'Commission counsel J. Lee Rankin: 'Part of our difficulty in regard to it is that they have no problem. They have decided that no one else is involved '¦ .' 
'Senator Richard Russell: 'They have tried the case and reached a verdict on every aspect.' 
'Senator Hale Boggs: 'You have put your finger on it.' (Closed Warren Commission meeting.)' [Blakey & Billings, Fatal Hour'“ The Assassination of President . See also: North, Act of Treason ] 
Testifying before the HSCA, the Warren Commission's chief counsel J. Lee Rankin shamefully admitted , 'Who could protest against what Mr. Hoover did back in those days?' Apparently not President Lyndon Johnson's blue-ribbon commissioners. 
The HSCA's Blakey also reported that 'When asked if he was satisfied with the (Commission's) investigation that led to the (no conspiracy) conclusion, Judge Burt Griffin (a Commission staff member) said he was not.' [Blakey & Billings, Ibid.] 
And author Gus Russo reported that Judge Griffin also admitted, 'We spent virtually no time investigating the possibility of conspiracy. I wish we had.' [Russo, Live by the Sword ] 
Clear Misgivings 
Thus, despite their clear misgivings, the Commissioners bowed to the imperious FBI chief rather than conduct a thorough investigation. Notably, the Commission never once employed a rudimentary investigative tool . 'The Commission,' the HSCA reported, 'failed to utilize the instruments of immunity from prosecution and prosecution for perjury with respect to witnesses whose veracity it doubted.' [US Cong. House of Reps. Report of Comm. on Assassinations, 1979] Lee Harvey Oswald, the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy. 
This policy had serious repercussions when the Commission confronted two key issues: published claims that Lee Harvey Oswald had been an FBI informant, and the possibility that Jack Ruby was mobbed up. 
'The Commission did not investigate Hoover or the FBI, and managed to avoid the appearance of doing so,' the HSCA determined . 'It ended up doing what the members had agreed they would not do: Rely mainly on the FBI's denial of the allegations (that Oswald had been a Bureau informant).' 
Hoover merely sent the Commission his signed affidavit declaring that Oswald was not an informant and also 'sent over 10 additional affidavits from each FBI agent who had had contact with Oswald.' And with that, case closed. 
Regarding Jack Ruby, the FBI had his phone records, yet failed to spot Ruby's obvious, and atypical, pattern of calls to known Mafiosi in the weeks leading up to the assassination. After performing the simple, obvious task of actually analyzing those calls, the HSCA determined that, if not a sworn member of La Cosa Nostra, Ruby had ongoing, close links to numerous Mafiosi. 
Thus the HSCA roundly rejected the Warren Commission's conclusion that, 'the evidence does not establish a significant link between Ruby and organized crime.' 
The list of Warren Commission shortcomings that the HSCA assembled is not short. A brief summary of them runs some 47 pages in the Bantam Books version of the report (p. 289'“336), which outlines what required much of the 500 pages of HSCA volume XI to cover ( available on-line ). 
'The evidence indicates that facts which may have been relevant to, and would have substantially affected, the Warren Commission's investigation were not provided by the agencies (FBI and the CIA). Hence, the Warren Commission's findings may have been formulated without all of the relevant information.' 
The Church Committee said that the problem was that 'the Commission was perceived as an adversary by both Hoover and senior FBI officials.' 'Such a relationship,' the Committee dryly observed , 'was not conductive to the cooperation necessary for a thorough and exhaustive investigation.' 
But the FBI did more than just withhold evidence from the Commission. Although they admit that the FBI destroyed a note Oswald wrote to Agent Hosty, and withheld that information from the Commission, Willens and Mosk don't mention that Agent Hosty reported that his own personnel file, and other FBI files, had been falsified. [Hosty, Jr. Assignment: Oswald ] 
Nor that author Curt Gentry learned from assistant FBI director William Sullivan that there were other JFK documents at the Bureau that had been destroyed. [Gentry, J. Edgar Hoover'“ The Man and His Secrets ] 
Perhaps one of the reasons the public has remained mistrustful of the government's conclusions, and the mainstream media reassurances, is the sort of selective presentation of evidence by ax grinders like Willens and Mosk who get heralded by our 'responsible' media. 
Gary Aguilar is one of the few physicians outside the government ever allowed to see the still-restricted JFK autopsy photos and X-rays. He has published and lectured on the topic of the JFK assassination for many years.
ARTICLE

Trump's Tulsi Gabbard Factor November 21, 2016 
Exclusive: By inviting in Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, a Democrat hostile to 'regime change' wars, President-elect Trump may be signaling a major break with Republican neocon orthodoxy and a big shake-up of the U.S. foreign policy establishment, writes Robert Parry. 
By Robert Parry 
Two weeks after Donald Trump's shocking upset of Hillary Clinton, the imperious and imperial neoconservatives and their liberal-interventionist understudies may finally be losing their tight grip on U.S. foreign policy. 
The latest sign was Trump's invitation for a meeting with Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, D-Hawaii, on Monday. The mainstream media commentary has almost completely missed the potential significance of this start-of-the-work-week meeting, suggesting that Trump is attracted to Gabbard's tough words on 'radical Islamic terrorism.' Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, D-Hawaii. 
Far more important is that Gabbard, a 35-year-old Iraq War veteran, endorsed Sen. Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primaries because of his opposition to neocon/liberal-hawk military adventures. She starred in one of the strongest political ads of the campaign, a message to Hawaiians, called 'The Cost of War.' 
'Bernie Sanders voted against the Iraq War,' Gabbard says. 'He understands the cost of war, that that cost is continued when our veterans come home. Bernie Sanders will defend our country and take the trillions of dollars that are spent on these interventionist, regime change, unnecessary wars and invest it here at home.' 
In the ad, Gabbard threw down the gauntlet to the neocons and their liberal-hawk sidekicks, by accusing them of wasting trillions of dollars 'on these interventionist, regime change, unnecessary wars.' Her comments mesh closely with Trump's own perspective. 
After the meeting on Monday, Gabbard released a statement confirming that the focus of the discussion had been her opposition to escalating the war in Syria by following neocon/liberal-hawk suggestions for a 'no-fly zone' that would require widespread U.S. military destruction of Syrian government installations and the killing of a large number of Syrians. 
'President-elect Trump asked me to meet with him about our current policies regarding Syria, our fight against terrorist groups like al-Qaeda and ISIS, as well as other foreign policy challenges we face,' Gabbard said. 'I felt it important to take the opportunity to meet with the President-elect now before the drumbeat of war that neocons have been beating drag us into an escalation of the war to overthrow the Syrian government '” a war which has already cost hundreds of thousands of lives and forced millions of refugees to flee their homes in search of safety for themselves and their families. '¦ 
'While the rules of political expediency would say I should have refused to meet with President-elect Trump, I never have and never will play politics with American and Syrian lives. '¦ 
'I shared with [President-elect Trump] my grave concerns that escalating the war in Syria by implementing a so-called no fly/safe zone would be disastrous for the Syrian people, our country, and the world. It would lead to more death and suffering, exacerbate the refugee crisis, strengthen ISIS and al-Qaeda, and bring us into a direct conflict with Russia which could result in a nuclear war.' 
Trading Places 
So, the surprise election results on Nov. 8 may have represented a 'trading places' moment for the neocons and liberal hawks who were eagerly counting the days before the 'weak' President Barack Obama would turn over the Commander-in-Chief job to former Secretary of State Clinton who had made clear that she shared their hawkish agenda of escalating the war in Syria with a 'no-fly/safe zone,' and ratcheting up the New Cold War with Russia. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton addressing the AIPAC conference in Washington D.C. on March 21, 2016. (Photo credit: AIPAC) 
There was even speculation that one of Clinton's neocon favorites within the State Department, Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Victoria Nuland, might be rewarded with State's top job for her 'regime change' in Ukraine that sparked the start of the New Cold War in 2014. 
Nuland, the wife of arch-neocon Robert Kagan , sabotaged President Obama's emerging strategy of collaborating with Russian President Vladimir Putin on sensitive global issues. In 2013-14, Putin helped orchestrate two of Obama's brightest foreign policy successes: Syria's surrender of its chemical weapons arsenal and Iran's guarantee that it would not develop nuclear weapons. 
But those agreements infuriated the neocons who favored escalating both crises into direct U.S. bombing campaigns aimed at Syria and Iran '“ in accordance with the desires of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the Saudi monarchy. Yet. there was perhaps even greater alarm at what the next move of the Obama-Putin tag team might be: demanding that Israel finally get serious about a peace deal with the Palestinians. 
So, the neocons took aim at Ukraine, which neocon National Endowment for Democracy President Carl Gershman identified as 'the biggest prize' and an important stepping stone to an even bigger prize, a 'regime change' in Moscow removing Putin . 
While Gershman's NED funded (with U.S. taxpayers' money) scores of projects inside Ukraine, training anti-government activists and journalists, Nuland took the point as the key organizer of a putsch that removed elected President Viktor Yanukovych on Feb. 22, 2014, and replaced him with a fiercely anti-Russian regime. 
Given the geopolitical sensitivity of Ukraine to Russia, including its naval base on the Crimean peninsula, Putin had little choice but to react, supporting a referendum in Crimea in which 96 percent of the voters favored leaving Ukraine and rejoining Russia '“ and assisting ethnic Russian rebels in the east who resisted the violent ouster of their president. 
Of course, the mainstream Western news media presented these developments as simply a case of 'Russian aggression' and a 'Russian invasion.' And, faced with this new 'group think,' Obama quickly abandoned his partner, Putin, and joined in the chorus of condemnations. 
Nuland emerged as a new star inside the State Department, a hero of the New Cold War which was expected to funnel trillions of tax dollars into the Military-Industrial Complex. 
Trump's Heresy 
But Trump surprisingly adopted the position that Obama shied away from, a recognition that Putin could be an important asset in resolving major international crises. The real-estate-mogul-turned-politician stuck to that 'outside-the-mainstream' position despite fierce attacks from rival Republicans and Democratic presidential nominee Clinton, who even mocked him as Putin's 'puppet.' President Barack Obama meets with President Vladimir Putin of Russia on the sidelines of the G20 Summit at Regnum Carya Resort in Antalya, Turkey, Sunday, Nov. 15, 2015. National Security Advisor Susan E. Rice listens at left. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
After Trump's upset victory on Nov. 8, many pundits assumed that Trump would fall back in line with Washington's hawkish foreign-policy establishment by giving top jobs to neocons, such as former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton and ex-CIA Director James Woolsey, or Netanyahu favorites, such as former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney or ex-New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani. 
So far, however, Trump has followed a different course, more in line with the libertarian thinking of the Koch brothers '“ not only the more famous ones, Charles and David, but also their long-estranged brother William, who I'm told have become behind-the-scenes advisers to the President-elect. 
Though Trump did offer high-profile meetings to the likes of Romney and Giuliani, he has yet to hand over any key foreign-policy job to the Republican neocon wing. His one major announcement in that area has been naming as National Security Advisor retired Gen. Michael Flynn, who led the Defense Intelligence Agency when it produced a prescient warning that U.S. policy in Syria would lead to the creation of an 'Islamic State.' 
Though Flynn is regarded as a hardliner in the fight against Islamic jihadist terror, he is seen as an independent thinker regarding how best to wage that war. For instance, Flynn has objected to the notion that drone strikes, i.e., killing off individual jihadists, is a route to success. 
'We've tended to say, drop another bomb via a drone and put out a headline that '˜we killed Abu Bag of Doughnuts' and it makes us all feel good for 24 hours,' Flynn said . 'And you know what? It doesn't matter. It just made them a martyr, it just created a new reason to fight us even harder.' 
That leaves open the possibility that a President Trump might eschew the 'whack-a-mole' approach that has bedeviled the 'war on terror' and instead go after the 'mole nest' '“ if you will '“ the Saudi monarchy that has long financed Islamic extremists both through the fundamentalist Wahhabi brand of Sunni Islam and by supplying money and weapons to jihadists dating back at least to the Afghan mujahedeen in the 1980s, the origin of modern Islamic terrorism. 
Traditional U.S. politicians have recoiled from facing up to the hard reality that the Saudi monarchy is the real 'terror central' because of Saudi Arabia's enormous riches and influence, which is now enhanced by its quiet alliance with Israel in their joint campaign against the so-called 'Shiite crescent,' from Iran through Syria to Lebanon's Hezbollah. 
Taking on this Saudi-Israel nexus has long been regarded as political suicide, given Israel's extraordinary lobbying power and Saudi Arabia's exceptional wealth. But Trump may be assembling a team that is 'crazy' enough to take on that mission. 
So, while the fight over the future of U.S. foreign policy is far from over '“ the neocons will surely flex their muscles at the major think tanks, on the op-ed pages and inside the halls of Congress '“ the Trump transition is showing some creativity in assembling a national security team that may go in a very different direction. 
Much will become apparent in Trump's choice of Secretary of State. If it's someone like Sen. Rand Paul, R-Kentucky, or Rep. Gabbard or a libertarian from the Kochs' world, that would be bad news for the neocons. If it's someone like Romney, Giuliani, Bolton or Woolsey, then that will mean that President-elect Trump has blinked and the neocons can breathe a sigh of relief. 
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ).
ARTICLE

Worrying About Trump's Reactionaries November 22, 2016 
The mixed signals from Donald Trump's transition are creating diverse interpretations of where his foreign policy is headed, with ex-CIA analyst Melvin A. Goodman seeing reasons to worry about more neocon warmongering. 
By Melvin A. Goodman 
My favorite philosopher, Garrison Keillor, stated in a different era that 'it will get worse before it gets worse.' Well, once again, here we are. President-elect Donald Trump's naming of retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn as national security adviser; Sen. Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, R-Alabama, as attorney general; and Rep. Michael Pompeo, R-Kansas, as director of the Central Intelligence Agency suggests that the dangerous positions taken by Trump during the presidential campaign will be supported by his  . Army Lieutenant General Michael Flynn speaks at the Defense Intelligence Agency on July 24, 2012. (DoD photo by Erin A. Kirk-Cuomo) 
All three of these men have pandered to the Trump agenda and have taken particularly hardline views on matters dealing with immigration, the Muslim community, and the use of force. If Donald Trump actually decides to name a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton's use of email at the Department of State, then he will have the support of these three men. 
Lt. Gen. Flynn is in a position to do the most damage to the national security interests of the United States. He was forced into retirement from the military in 2014 when the Joint Chiefs of Staff needed to stop his politicization of intelligence as the director of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) and his brutal management style resembling that of Captain Queeq on the USS Caine. 
Flynn reorganized the DIA in order to combine the roles of the intelligence analysts and the operatives, which created a smoother path for politicizing intelligence. This is the same reform that CIA director John Brennan has introduced into the CIA, which has had its own problems with politicized intelligence over the past several decades. 
At DIA, Flynn was known for endorsing specious intelligence reports and circulating his support for these reports in what was known facetiously as 'Flynn facts.' Currently there is an investigation of DIA for the tailoring of intelligence on the success of the U.S. Army in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
Although the general has been praised for his work in the operational and tactical fields, there are no examples of the kind of strategic thinking or experience to believe that Flynn would be useful in coordinating the policy views of the entire national security bureaucracy or in providing objective and balanced intelligence to the President. 
Flynn has already changed his views to accommodate the interests of Trump. Once an opponent of torture and abuse, Flynn over the past year has become a supporter. His consulting company has lobbied on behalf of the authoritarian interests of Turkish President Erdogan, and Flynn himself has been a regular commentator on RT, Moscow's English language propaganda voice. 
At the Republican National Convention last summer, Flynn referred to Hillary Clinton as a member of the 'enemy camp' and led the chants of 'lock her up.' 
Pompeo's Hard Line 
Rep. Pompeo was an initial supporter of the Tea Party and predictably took positions against abortion (even in cases of rape and incest); against the Affordable Care Act; and against any effort on the part of the Environmental Protection Agency to eliminate greenhouse gases. He favors a return to unrestricted massive surveillance by the National Security Agency; a death sentence for Edward Snowden; and more vigorous use of enhanced interrogation techniques at Guantanamo. When his committee was confronted with pictures of hunger strikers at Guantanamo, Pompeo facetiously remarked that it 'looked like that they had put on weight.' Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kansas. 
Pompeo, like other members of the presidential transition staff, is a conspiracy thinker. He and Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Arkansas, who has been rumored as a possible choice as Secretary of Defense, were strong opponents of the Iran nuclear agreement and believe that there are secret side agreements that favor the interests of Tehran. Pompeo has charged that any Muslim citizen who doesn't vigorously denounce acts of terror is actually complicit with the attacks. 
Pompeo was a strong opponent of Senator Dianne Feinstein's devastating report on CIA torture and abuse, and conducted a vigorous attack on Secretary of State Clinton's role in the Benghazi tragedy. When his colleague, former Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Michigan, issued a report exonerating Clinton, Pompeo attached a polemical rebuttal. 
Sen. Sessions has been rewarded with the Department of Justice for being the first elected official to come out in support of Donald Trump. He is strongly opposed to any immigration reform, and has received a grade of 'F' from various civil rights groups and the NAACP for his opposition to civil rights. 
In the 1980s, there was a successful bipartisan effort in the Senate to keep him from becoming a federal judge, with the decisive swing vote coming from Sen. Howell Heflin, D-Alabama. Sessions once referred to the American Civil Liberties Union as 'un-American and communist' for 'trying to force civil rights down the throats of people.' 
The appointment of a neoconservative   points the Trump administration in an extreme hardline direction. It is possible that the Director of National Intelligence will be weakened or even eliminated, and that the CIA will become even more involved in covert action, including regime change. The sudden resignation of James Clapper as director of national intelligence certainly points in this direction. 
President Barack Obama's failure to limit the CIA's paramilitary role and to seek accountability for the conduct of torture and abuse will allow   to get the CIA more heavily involved in paramilitary activities, which have damaged the reputation of the United States and the CIA in the past. 
The Iran-Contra scandal tarnished the presidency of Ronald Reagan in the 1980s. CIA support for the mujahedeen in the 1980s led to the emergence of Al Qaeda and other fundamentalist terror organizations in the 1990s that we are still confronting. 
Although President Obama had some success in bringing sunlight into the darkened corridors of the national security state,  's appointment of these individuals suggests that the secret state will once again expand. A greater era of secrecy will be harmful to the interests of American citizens and even to our democracy. 
Melvin A. Goodman is a senior fellow at the Center for International Policy and a professor of government at Johns Hopkins University. A former CIA analyst, Goodman is the author of Failure of Intelligence: The Decline and Fall of the CIA , National Insecurity: The Cost of American Militarism , and the forthcoming Whistleblower at CIA , scheduled for release in February 2017. Goodman is the national security columnist for counterpunch.org , where this story first appeared. http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/11/21/trumps-inner-circle-here-come-the-troglodytes/
ARTICLE

A Tradition of Forgetting Indian Rights November 22, 2016 
Ironically, as Americans commemorate how Native Americans helped save the Pilgrims in 1621, Indian-rights activists are under attack today in defense of land that a 1868 treaty guaranteed as theirs, observes Nat Parry. 
By Nat Parry @natparry 
Making official a quintessential American tradition dating back to the 1621 feast between the Pilgrims and the Wampanoag tribe, President Abraham Lincoln in 1863 declared the last Thursday of November to be the national day of Thanksgiving '“ a vain attempt to unite the North and South at the height of the Civil War. 
Five years later, continuing a closely paralleled American tradition, the U.S. government signed the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868, which established the Great Sioux Reservation west of the Missouri River and promised no more white settlement in a huge, 18-million acre swath of land. 
Over the next two decades, as Civil War Reconstruction was completed and a nationwide Thanksgiving date was finally agreed upon by Northern and Southern states, the U.S. continuously reneged on the Fort Laramie Treaty, eventually breaking the Great Sioux Reservation up into five smaller reservations: Cheyenne River Reservation, Lower Brule Indian Reservation, Rosebud Indian Reservation, Pine Ridge Reservation, and Standing Rock Reservation. 
More than a century later, in 1980, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the government had illegally taken this land, and awarded $120.5 million to the Sioux Nation, based on the market value of the land in 1877, plus interest. For nearly four decades, however, the Lakota Sioux have refused to accept payment and instead continued to demand that the United States return the territory. 
Today, the Sioux people are continuing to take a stand on these principles '“ the flashpoint now being the Dakota Access Pipeline, which, upon its completion is expected to transport some 470,000 barrels of crude oil a day across several states. Sioux tribe members and their allies have protested this pipeline for months, raising concerns about the threat it poses to their water supply, the effects that the fracked oil will have on the climate, and the process by which the project was approved, saying that it failed to take into account Native rights. 
'We live with so many broken promises, there's no reason for it,' said Dave Archambault II, chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe. 'We understand what lands we own, and what lands were illegally taken from us.' 
The government, of course, is responding the way it always has to Native American resistance '“ through brute force. Over the past few months, police and private security forces have viciously suppressed the water protectors, siccing dogs on them and arresting them for 'trespassing.' The repression, which a group of United Nations experts called 'excessive' and 'increasingly militarized,' culminated Sunday night in some of worst violence against Native people seen since the 1973 siege of nearby Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota. 
Police fired tear gas, rubber bullets, pepper spray and water at hundreds of protesters in the subfreezing North Dakota weather late Sunday night and early Monday morning, following an attempt by protesters to remove burned vehicles blocking Backwater Bridge in order to enable emergency vehicles and local traffic to move freely. 
The police assault led to several reported cases of life-threatening hypothermia. 'It is below freezing right now and the Morton County Sheriff's Department is using a water cannon on our people '“ that is an excessive and potentially deadly use of force,' said activist Dallas Goldtooth. 
Every aspect of this appears to violate the letter and spirit of the 1868 Laramie Treaty, in which the federal government not only promised to respect Sioux land rights, but also to come to the aid of Native people if they are wronged by outside forces. 
'If bad men among the whites, or among other people subject to the authority of the United States, shall commit any wrong upon the person or property of the Indians, the United States will '¦ proceed at once to cause the offender to be arrested and punished according to the laws of the United States, and also re-imburse the injured person for the loss sustained,' the treaty reads . 
At this time of Thanksgiving, it would only be appropriate for President Barack Obama to insist that the 'bad men' who are committing wrongs 'upon the person or property of the Indians' stand down immediately, as well as to halt the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline and reimburse the Sioux for losses already sustained. 
Then, perhaps, the shameful tradition of breaking treaties while giving thanks might itself be broken, and Americans might be able to enjoy their turkey dinners and family reunions without a cloud of hypocrisy hanging over their heads.
ARTICLE

Fall and Rise of the Forgotten 'Deplorables' November 22, 2016 
The political gamble that will be the Trump presidency traces back to the desperation of Americans who lost out in the social experiment of neoliberalism '” and the Democrats' candidate who personified those economic inequities, says Greg Maybury. 
By Greg Maybury 
In horseracing parlance, when a particular horse wins unexpectedly the bookmakers' call this a 'turn-up for the books.' In more general usage, the phrase came to mean an unexpected piece of good fortune, a pleasant surprise, or something generally welcomed especially if not deemed likely. While conceding those who didn't want nor expect it might think otherwise (not least the 'defeated favorite'), if we confine its meaning to this usage, Donald Trump's Oval Office win by any definition is a 'turn-up for the books,' the best example '” this side of Harry Truman in 1948 at least '” the Grand American Narrative has to offer. President-elect Donald Trump 
As might be anticipated, in the wake of Trump's historic victory '” a win that for all sorts of reasons has shaken the Beltway establishment and beyond to its core, and one that political junkies will be fixating on for years '” there's been much handwringing about how so many folks got the outcome so wrong. All of this has been accompanied by the obligatory hyperventilating and existential angst about what Trump's election portends for the future. 
His campaign both revealed '” and 'reanimate' '” the tectonic forces that hold sway in the political equivalent of the San Andreas Fault , a long-neglected fault-line in American politics that has been waiting to let rip for decades. At the risk of overcooking the geological metaphors, we might imagine that if folks were presented two highly improbable scenarios before this election and had to bet their house on only one as the more likely outcome '” the choice here being either a Trump win or California sliding into the Pacific Ocean after the actual San Andreas finally lets the 'big one' rip '” many might have picked the latter. Now, expect political aftershocks until further notice. 
The reality '” to say little of the irony '” of a political neophyte and ostensible outsider winning a U.S. presidential election (to say nothing of claiming the actual nomination whilst summarily seeing off 16 of his own party's rivals in the primaries) without the support of said party, Wall Street or the mainstream media and with half the money of his opponents by breaking every rule in the electioneering field book then defeating the other party's nominee, a seasoned campaigner and professional career politician whose own party (and the usual 'suspects,' the MSM, Wall Street, Israel Lobby et. al.) all had earlier anointed as the presumptive nominee from the start and whom they all collectively backed to the hilt '” from the still relatively popular incumbent on down '” with the most effective, ruthless, formidable, sophisticated, cashed-up political machine ever assembled, must indeed be unprecedented. 
With Clinton herself winning the popular vote convincingly ( some suggest it could nudge 2 million), this of course is not a 'landslide' in any conventional sense, and is not quite the conservative 'revolution' some pundits are breathlessly celebrating. But as noted few if any election outcomes were as unexpected. To the extent it represented a 'landslide' of sorts, in this case it was a 'landslide' of the contemporary political imagination in; the substrata has shifted underneath people's feet and moved to spaces that were hitherto unthinkable, and possibly about which few might lay claim to having much idea of what to expect. 
And this is happening at both ends of the political spectrum and just about every key point in between, with the Bernie Sanders factor testament to that. Even if on the face of it with the Republicans winning, both parties will now have to reinvent themselves not just as a matter of course, but of survival, at least as major political forces. Such is the extraordinary nature and character of this election and its outcome! 
Win or lose though, Trump's impact was always going to necessitate a whole rethink about the way politics is conducted in Washington, a 'rethink' both parties will avoid at their peril. That 'rethink' should entail everything from how they function as political parties and how they manage themselves and how they position themselves with voters, to how they interact with each other at the Congressional cum legislative level so they begin managing national affairs more in the interests of their constituents than those of themselves and their families, their political cronies and/or corporate benefactors. More than that, they will need to be seen to be doing so. 
Let there be no mistaking it. The Republicans are no less on the take than are the Democrats '” albeit with in some cases different constituencies and for possibly different reasons. And they are no less so because of their windfall victory now than they were before the campaign even started. The GOP did win by default in some respects, with no shortage of people not unreasonably seeing the Democrats as losing more than the Republicans winning . 
That neither party comes up smelling like roses in the scheme of things then is a longstanding reality brought into much sharper relief by this election. There are still for example many unanswered questions about the degree to which both parties played fast and loose with fundamental democratic principles and electoral legalities , about which there was relativity little reporting in the MSM. 
In the aftermath, many will rightly question not only Hillary Clinton's suitability as the party's nominee; courtesy of the revelations about the manner in which the Democratic National Committee's primary campaign was conducted, they will also be able to question her political legitimacy as the nominee and, especially, the integrity and credibility of the party machine mindset that plotted her ascension. Indeed, that should be a prerequisite going forward for party reform. 
Yet if the Republicans think Trump's win '” while retaining control of both the House and Senate '” redeems them and their party in the eyes of voters or the citizenry in general, one expects they will be sorely disappointed as we move forward. And this is only partly attributable to the fact Trump was not their preferred choice of candidate; indeed, he was rejected by many, a point we should never forget. 
The seeds of discontent ushering in Trump then may have been planted some time back, but the current GOP fraternity and their forbears cleared the ground. Whether in opposition or in the White House, the GOP also has tended the neoliberal and globalization garden. Trump's campaign rhetoric aside, it remains to be seen how much of an enthusiast he will be for more of the same. 
Skin in the Game 
There can be little doubt the election outcome reflected considerable dissatisfaction with President Obama. Because he had so much skin in the game (his legacy for one thing), the President personally has to cop much of the rap for the rise of Trump (or even someone like him). The corollary to this is the President also accepting responsibility for the defeat of his own party when there was an obvious alternative in Bernie Sanders, someone who clearly tapped into much of the prevailing sentiment in working- and middle-class America that Trump did. President Barack Obama walks through the Rose Garden to the Oval Office following an all-appointees summer event on the South Lawn, June 13, 2016. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
After noting that Clinton's and the Democrats' loss wasn't a defeat by default, Walden Bello says in an article titled 'How Obama's Legacy Lost the Elections for Hillary' that instead of jobs and relief, Obama offered only half-measures to folks we call here in Australia ' battlers, ' in this case especially struggling people in the Rust Belt and beyond, the broad demographic that delivered victory for Trump. Bello says, 'On the economic issues that motivate these voters, Trump had a message: The economic recovery was a mirage, people were hurt by the Democrats' policies, and they had more pain to look forward to should the Democrats retain control of the White House.' 
There was a telling report emanating from Obama's European visit that gave us an insight into the incumbent President's preoccupation with Trump and what '” in his mind at least '” to make of his victory. Quite apart from hinting at something of a personal struggle coming to terms with it, the President seemed also at pains defending his legacy from an all-out Trump onslaught next year. 
' Americans chose Donald Trump '¦ because of a vague 'change' desire,' the President said, while insisting that voters 'don't always know what they're looking for.' Obama added, they may opt for change, 'even if they're not entirely confident what that change will bring.' The President reportedly went further, saying he 'could have precluded Trump's populist uprising if only [the Republicans] hadn't blocked so many of my economic proposals.' 
Although it appeared to escape him when he made these remarks, the irony of the first part of Obama's comments should not be lost on anyone else, given the considerable gap between the amount of vague change he promised and actual change he delivered (or for many, failed or declined to deliver). 
In short, this can and does apply to Obama himself. To the extent voters 'don't always know what they're looking for,' we might now at least argue they are less equivocal about what sort of change they don't want and aren't looking for! And the subtext here might have been: Did they know exactly what they were looking for when they voted him into office, twice ? 
As for Obama's not unreasonable comments about GOP obstructionism throughout his time in office (a reprehensible tactic on their part that notwithstanding their recent electoral success and now dominance of the Beltway, has come at great and possibly permanent cost to the party's brand), we might ponder an alternative question for the incumbent: 
Could Obama have 'precluded' Trump's rise or impact by ponying up on a few more of his core promises, spending his political capital more wisely and fairly, more dutifully avoiding the errors of judgment, arrogance and political shenanigans of his much-reviled predecessor, and showing Main Street America in general and America's 'battlers' in particular he was the real McCoy after all, a president truly in their corner and not just another Wall Street political front-man cum errand boy? 
We can't answer that question of course with absolute confidence, suffice to say the 'answer' is destined to become an enticing, enduring counterfactual. But there can be little doubt Trump's appeal and subsequent success was driven by the lost promise '” actual or perceived '” of the Obama years, and the President must be acutely aware of this. 
In truth Number 44 has no one else to blame but himself if Trump dismantles all or even part of his legacy. With a backward nod then to the earlier horse-racing motif, the President backed the wrong 'horse' '” even betting the farm '” when in Bernie Sanders he, the DNC and the party faithful had an eminently electable alternative to the 'Queen of Chaos.' Given the way the DNC campaign was conducted '“ the Democratic leaders' own appalling shenanigans showcased in all their 'ugly glory' courtesy of the Podesta email 'reveals' '” that , we can now safely say, was never going to happen. 
In the Paradise of Opportunity 
Above and beyond Obama (or for that matter any previous president since Reagan at least), Trump's win then has also been driven by a widespread, deep-seated lack of faith and trust '” accumulated over the past few decades '” in the integrity of the democratic system of government and contempt for those who purport to represent the people's interests. The run-down PIX Theatre sign reads 'Vote Trump' on Main Street in Sleepy Eye, Minnesota. July 15, 2016. (Photo by Tony Webster Flickr) 
In what must serve as the quintessential master class of prolonged, consistent, truly bi-partisan cooperation American politics has on offer, both parties have contributed enormously over the past three-plus decades to the dismantling if not effective destruction of the American Dream in its hitherto real and imagined dimensions. 
Whether on broad economic, social, national security, or foreign policy issues, both parties have demonstrated a recidivistic, palpable indifference to the concerns and needs of average working- and middle-class Americans, with both repeatedly showing themselves prone to elitism, corruption, cronyism, manipulation, greed, deception, bribery, hypocrisy, opportunism, self-interest, contempt, cynicism and arrogance. 
In the process democracy's once 'proprietary' domains '” equal justice, freedom, human rights, equality of opportunity, civil rights, liberty, and most everything from habeas corpus to the pursuit of happiness '” have effectively been declared 'no-fly-zones' for ordinary people, accessible only to those increasingly privileged, mostly unelected, and thoroughly unaccountable few. 
Most significantly, both parties have undermined, possibly irreparably, the sense of pride and place folks had in their once beloved '” but now maybe not so '” United States of America. Along with that, they have all but conspired to 'deep-six' that once famously enduring, optimistic mindset that by some accounts enabled the country to thrive and prosper as a 'paradise of opportunity' (or even a reasonable facsimile thereof). 
Let's term that period The Era of Future Promise, or that time in history '” from 1945 to say 1975 '” where a whole generation or more of the majority of folks could not only envision a progressively better future for their kids and grandchildren, but anticipated it, and all things equal, if one was willing to strive for such, rightfully expected it. 
That is no longer the case for an increasing number of people, and it is this sentiment '” one whose seismic impact we have just witnessed '” that's been neglected by both party majors. That this envisioned future is no longer realistic for many comes as a direct result of neoliberalism '” the roll-out of which was overseen by both parties '” and with it the globalization of economic and financial activity itself culminating from there via 'casino capitalism' in the inexorable transfer and consolidation of historically unprecedented wealth, power, and income into the hands of fewer and fewer people '” is inarguable. 
Now the end of this earlier era might have been heralded by Reagan's ascension in 1981 and the advent of neoliberalism. But its sustained demise was enthusiastically presided over by Bill Clinton, in cahoots of course with this year's DNC candidate for president, his wife Hillary, and the then Party establishment. Some folks clearly haven't forgotten that. In short, there was no clear sign from Clinton that things would be substantially different under her regime than under that of her husband's administration. 
The Democrats will seek elsewhere to attribute blame for their loss '” it was the FBI's James Comey and his on-again/off-again investigation of Clinton's email servers; it was voter suppression and racism; it was Bernie Sanders campaign and misogyny; it was third parties and independent candidates; it was the corporate media for giving Trump the platform, social media for being a bullhorn, and WikiLeaks and/or the Russians for airing the DNC dirty laundry. 
Naomi Klein had this to say about the result: 'But this leaves out the force most responsible for creating the nightmare in which we now find ourselves wide-awake: neoliberalism. That worldview '” fully embodied by Hillary Clinton and her machine '” is no match for Trump-style extremism. The decision to run one against the other is what sealed our fate. If we learn nothing else, can we please learn from that mistake? Here's what we need to understand: a hell of a lot of people are in pain. Under neoliberal policies of deregulation, privatization, austerity and corporate trade, their living standards have declined precipitously. '¦ They have lost jobs. They have lost pensions. They have lost much of the safety net that used to make these losses less frightening. They see a future for their kids even worse than their precarious present.' 
There can be little doubt that fundamental to Trump's win '” and it should be emphasized, no less so than with Sanders's popularity and success '” was a feeling the trickle-down of the Reagan years did not work for most. This can be seen as the first genuine, appreciable expression of that frustration. 
In his entreaties to voters to bring the jobs back for example, Trump promised them something that almost certainly he will struggle to deliver even if he is serious about making it a policy priority, but in doing so he clearly tapped into a rich vein of discontent. 
Cleaning the Stables 
This election has exposed a major chink in the armor of the hitherto impregnable, indomitable two-party-system, seen now by more as corrupt, decrepit, and bankrupt. The rise and impact of political outliers such as Trump and Bernie Sanders on largely opposite ends of the standard political spectrum is pro-forma evidence grassroots Americans '” especially those not welded to that system and have legitimate grievances about the direction in which the established elite are taking them '” are onto something. The Wall Street bull statue by Arturo Di Modica 
That the additional reality this situation is deteriorating even further across almost all strata of the 'Main Street' political economy and permeating all aspects of life once synonymous with '” and essential to claiming a stake in '” the American Dream (even in its more modest imaginings), should be obvious to all but the most politically myopic or deluded. 
But while the ties that bind Uncle Sam and all he stands for to his long-suffering subjects are strong, it remains to be seen if Trump can do much more than just 'drain the swamp.' Indeed, the bigger challenge will be to restore faith in the American Dream. With the former prerequisite task on its own akin to Hercules cleaning out the Augean Stables with a teaspoon and a toothbrush while its occupants are still in residence (given this is Washington we're talking about, this metaphor may work on more than one level), it's enough to say Trump will have his work cut out on both counts. 
With the record firmly in mind, we might define at this point three monumental errors of judgment made by the DNC hierarchy, all of which contributed to the Trump victory: their preferred choice of candidate when they had a highly credible, electorally appealing, and eminently electable alternative in Bernie Sanders; the manner in which it was revealed the Clinton primary campaign was conducted and the revulsion it engendered and damage it caused; and the fact that over the past 30 odd years the Democrats' brand among its most historically important constituencies had lost much of its political allure. 
In sum, the Clinton campaign might have been better served by resuscitating that immortal mantra from Bill Clinton's first White House tilt in 1992 '” and here I am not talking about 'two for the price of one'! I'm thinking here about legendary Clinton strategist James Carville 's 'It's the economy, stupid!' 
Underpinning the Trump debacle was sustained 'group think' within the DNC camp, the key state of mind of which can be summed up in one word. Hubris. This 'hubris' was in part fueled because it was 'Hillary's turn,' and partly fueled by a conviction someone like Trump could not possibly win. To be fair, this predisposition toward 'hubris' is not proprietary to the Democrats; the GOP '” many of whom also felt 'someone like Trump could not possibly win''” can invariably be relied upon to provide stiff competition with their own unique manifestations when the need arises. Trump's win is unlikely to temper that. 
Where to From Here? 
With both political parties increasingly and so obviously beholden to Wall Street and the global corporate oligarchy, the ever-widening disparities in income and wealth, and 'core principle' democracy now relegated to 'poor cousin' status in the political economy then, it is also just as clear many Main Street Americans were pondering an altogether pessimistic outlook for their own and the next generation if the socio-economic scales continue to weigh in favor of the above power elites and against the interests of the middle- and working-class, and broader citizenry. President Bill Clinton, First Lady Hillary Clinton and daughter Chelsea parade down Pennsylvania Avenue on Inauguration Day, Jan. 20, 1997. (White House photo) 
Although there was relatively little discussion in the MSM at least throughout the campaign of specific issues like economic inequality and income and wealth disparities, there can be little doubt Trump tapped into the sentiment that attends these matters. As Joe Lauria noted about Trump's win, a 'new political force' in America has been unleashed. 
Lauria added, 'Millions of discontented Americans who have lost out to the computerization and the globalization of the economy '” and who have been disproportionately called on to fight America's 'regime change' wars '” have made clear that they aren't going to take it anymore.' 
The way Lauria sees it then, any party or politician going forward 'better listen or they will be tossed out, too,' including Donald Trump if he doesn't deliver the goods. 
Jordan Chariton, a political reporter for 'The Young Turks' news show, said despite being a historically weak candidate, Hillary Clinton's defeat wasn't just about Hillary Clinton. The Rise of the Forgotten Deplorables has been a work in progress for some time. For him, 'Clinton was the final lifeline to a neoliberal bubble built by the Clintons and many others '” that finally popped on November 8th, 2016.' 
He cites some of the factors that might have had contributed to the disenfranchisement and disillusion: Bill Clinton, not Ronald Reagan, 'pulled' down Glass-Steagall , the cornerstone of banking regulation for 60 years. Clinton, not Reagan, deregulated credit-default swaps (CDS), the 'financial WMDs' that blew up the world's economy in 2008. And it was Clinton, not Reagan, who signed NAFTA , the largest nail in the American middle class' coffin. 
The additional reality is that the socio-economic 'fabric of the republic' is fraying even further across all strata of the 'Main Street' political economy and permeating all aspects of life once synonymous with '” and essential to claiming a stake in '” the American Dream (even in its more modest imaginings), should be obvious to all but the most politically myopic or deluded. 
And for those who understood there being such a thing as a 'class war' and viewed globalization and neoliberalism through such a prism '” if we recognize that the upper class won that war a long time ago '” we might posit the following: Why when after the vanquished have long since surrendered to distraction, disillusion or outright despondency are the victors still fighting the war? Before this election, the short answer we might have suggested is that it's because they can! 
In a piece earlier this year in The Guardian ( ' Neoliberalism '” the Ideology at the Root of all our Problems') , Georges Monbiot places the blame for most of the parlous state of the global political economy on the blowback from neoliberalism, a social engineering experiment of sorts anchored by what became an inviolable economic ideology and which arose as a conscious attempt to 'reshape human life and shift the locus of power,' a goal few objective observers would argue has long ago been achieved. It became in effect a Weapon of Mass Disenfranchisement, sold on the utterly '” and knowingly '” fraudulent notion that 'every child player wins a prize,' with enticements of 'trickle-down effects' and 'rising tides.' 
Monbiot also dutifully reminds us that neoliberalism's central tenet proclaims competition as the 'defining characteristic' of human relations, while redefining citizens as consumers or customers, whose 'democratic' choices are best exercised by 'buying and selling, a process that rewards merit and punishes inefficiency.' 
Moreover, he warns: 'Perhaps the most dangerous impact of neoliberalism is not the economic crises it has caused, but the political crisis. As the domain of the state is reduced, our ability to change the course of our lives through voting also contracts.' 
If the arrival then of Donald Trump doesn't qualify as a 'political crisis' of sorts for America, it will do until the real one gets here. For those who supported him, as to whether he will change the course of their lives (presumably for the better), that remains a big unknown. Expecting that a billionaire businessman '” a man who symbolizes everything that is the very antithesis of their own lives '” to change said lives appreciably is probably a big ask. Well might we say, 'good luck with that!' 
Throughout the campaign Trump demonstrated his mastery at keeping folks guessing as to what his next move would be, and continues do so in transition mode. It will be of great interest going forward then to see to what extent he continues to do this once he enters the White House, and especially to see what the ramifications might be for ordinary Americans in those areas that really matter for them. 
All of which is to say, we're in for a few surprises, for better or worse. The Trump ego is legendary. of course, and the best we might hope for is that it doesn't all go to the new President's head! Now that would indeed be another 'turn-up for the books.' 
Greg Maybury is a freelance writer based in Perth, Western Australia.
ARTICLE

US House Seeks Syria-War Escalation November 22, 2016 
Moving to trap President-elect Trump into a war escalation in Syria, the House rushed through a resolution promoting a U.S.-imposed 'no fly zone' that could spark World War III, reports Rick Sterling. 
By Rick Sterling 
Late in the day, on Nov. 15, one week after the U.S. elections, the lame-duck Congress convened in special session with normal rules suspended so the House could pass House Resolution 5732, the 'Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act' calling for intensifying the already harsh sanctions on Syria, assessing the imposition of a 'no fly zone' inside Syria (to prevent the Syrian government from flying) and escalating efforts to press criminal charges against Syrian officials. 
HR5732 claims to promote a negotiated settlement in Syria but, as analyzed by Friends Committee for National Legislation, it imposes preconditions which would actually make a peace agreement more difficult. The West Front of the U.S. Capitol 
There was 40 minutes of 'debate' with six representatives (Ed Royce, R-California; Eliot Engel, D-New York; Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Florida; Dan Kildee, D-Michigan; Chris Smith, R-New Jersey; and Carlos Curbelo, R-Florida) all speaking in favor of the resolution. There were few other representatives present, but the House Foreign Affairs Committee stated that the resolution was passed 'unanimously' without mentioning these special conditions. 
According to Wikipedia, ' Suspension of the rules is a procedure generally used to quickly pass non-controversial bills in the United States House of Representatives '¦ such as naming Post Offices'¦' In this case, however, the resolution could lead to a wider war in the Middle East and potentially World War III with nuclear-armed Russia. 
Most strikingly, the resolution calls for evaluating and developing plans for the United States to impose a 'no fly zone' inside Syria, a sovereign nation, an act of war that also would violate international law as an act of aggression. It also could put the U.S. military in the position of shooting down Russian aircraft. 
To call this proposal 'non-controversial' is absurd, although it may say a great deal about the 'group think' of the U.S. Congress that an act of war would be so casually considered. Clearly, this resolution should have been debated under normal rules with a reasonable amount of Congressional presence and debate. 
The motivation for bypassing normal rules and rushing the bill through without meaningful debate was articulated by the bill's sponsor, Democrat Eliot Engel: 'We cannot delay action on Syria any further. '¦ If we don't get this legislation across the finish line in the next few weeks, we are back to square one.' 
The current urgency may be related to the election results since President-elect Donald Trump has spoken out against 'regime change' foreign policy. As much as neoconservatives and their liberal-interventionist allies are critical of President Obama for not doing more in Syria, these Congressional hawks are even more concerned about the prospect of a President who might move toward peace and away from war. 
The Caesar Fraud 
HR5732 is titled the 'Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act,' which House Foreign Affairs Committee Chair Royce explained was named after 'the brave Syrian defector known to the world as Caesar, who testified to us the shocking scale of torture being carried out within the prisons of Syria.' U.S.-backed Syrian 'moderate' rebels smile as they prepare to behead a 12-year-old boy (left), whose severed head is held aloft triumphantly in a later part of the video. [Screenshot from the YouTube video] In reality, the Caesar story was a grand deception involving the CIA with funding from Qatar to sabotage the 2014 Geneva peace negotiations. The 55,000 photos which were said to show 11,000 torture victims have never been publicly revealed. Only a tiny number of photos have been publicized. However, in 2015, Human Rights Watch was granted access to view the entire set. They revealed that almost one half the photos show the opposite of what was claimed: instead of victims tortured by the Syrian government, they actually show dead Syrian soldiers and civilian victims of car bombs and other terror attacks. The 'Caesar' story, replete with a masked 'defector,' was one of the early propaganda hoaxes regarding Syria.
One of the other big lies regarding Syria is that the U.S. has been doing nothing. Royce said, ' The administration has decided not to decide. And that itself, unfortunately, has set a course where here we sit and watch and the violence only worsens. Mr. Speaker, America has been sitting back and watching these atrocities for far too long. Vital U.S. national security interests are at stake.' 
Rep. Engel said, 'Four years ago I thought we should have aided the Free Syrian Army. They came to us in Washington and begged us for help. '¦ They were simply looking for weaponry. I really believe if we had given it to them, the situation in Syria would have been different today.' 
That narrative is nonsense. By late 2011, the U.S. was actively coordinating, training and supplying armed opposition groups. When Muammar Gaddafi's Libyan government was toppled in fall 2011, the CIA oversaw the diversion of Libyan weapons to the Syrian armed opposition, as documented in the Defense Intelligence Agency report of October 2012. 
These weapons transfers were secret. For the public record, it was acknowledged that the U.S. was supplying communications equipment to the armed opposition while U.S. 'allies' '” Saudi Arabia and Qatar '” were supplying the weaponry. This is one reason that Saudi purchases of weapons skyrocketed during this time period; they were buying weapons to replace those being shipped to the armed opposition in Syria. It was very profitable for U.S. arms manufacturers. 
Huge weapons transfers to the armed opposition in Syria have continued to the present, with the U.S. government even more directly involved. This past spring, Janes Defense reported the details of a U.S. delivery of 2.2 million pounds of ammunition, rocket launchers and other weaponry to the armed opposition. 
So, the political claims that the U.S. has been inactive are baseless. In reality, the U.S. has done everything short of a direct attack on Syria. And the U.S. military is starting to cross that line. On Sept. 17, the U.S. air coalition conducted a series of airstrikes on the Syrian Army in Deir Ezzor, killing 80 Syrian soldiers and enabling ISIS to launch an attack on the position. Claims that it was a 'mistake' are highly dubious. 
The assertions by Congressional hawks that the U.S. has been 'inactive' in the Syrian conflict are part of the false narrative suggesting the U.S. must 'do something' which leads to a 'no fly zone' and full-scale war. Ironically, these calls for war are masked as 'humanitarian' though even proponents, such as Hillary Clinton, privately have acknowledged that large numbers of Syrians, including civilians, would be killed in the U.S. attacks needed to establish the 'no fly zone.' 
And, never do the proponents bring up the case of Libya where the U.S. and NATO 'did something': destroyed the government and created chaos. 
Fact-Free House of Propaganda 
With only a handful of representatives present and no dissent, the six Congressional members engaged in unrestrained propaganda and misinformation. Samantha Power, Permanent Representative of the United States to the UN, addresses the Security Council meeting on Syria, Sept. 25, 2016. Power has been an advocate for escalating U.S. military involvement in Syria. (UN Photo) 
Engel, said 'We're going into the New Year 2017, Assad still clings to power, at the expense of killing millions of his citizens.' Even if all the deaths, including Syrian soldiers and civilians killed by anti-government jihadists, were blamed on Assad, this number is way off anyone's charts. 
Rep. Kildee said 'The world has witnessed this terrible tragedy unfold before our eyes. Nearly half a million Syrians killed. Not soldiers '“ men, women, children killed.' 
The official text of the resolution says, ' It is the sense of Congress that'“ (1) Bashar al-Assad's murderous actions against the people of Syria have caused the deaths of more than 400,000 civilians'¦' 
The above accusations '“ from 'millions of citizens' to 'half a million' to '400,000 civilians' '“ are all preposterous lies. Credible estimates of casualties in the Syrian conflict range from 300,000 to 420,000. The opposition-supporting Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates the documented 2011-2016 death toll as follows: killed pro-Syrian forces '“ 108,000; killed anti-government forces '“ 105,000; killed civilians '“ 89,000 
In contrast with Congressional and media claims, civilians comprise a minority of the total death count and the heaviest casualties are among those fighting in defense of the Syrian state. In the U.S. political world and the mainstream media, these facts are ignored and never mentioned because they point to the reality versus the propaganda narrative which has allowed the U.S. and its allies to continue funding terrorism and a war of aggression against Syria. 
The Congressional speakers were in full self-righteous mode as they accused the Syrian government of 'committing crimes against humanity and war crimes against civilians including murder, torture and rape. No one has been spared from this targeting, even children.' A naive listener would never know that the Syrian government is primarily fighting the Syrian branch of Al Qaeda including thousands of foreign fighters supplied and paid by foreign governments. 
The speakers went on to accuse the Syrian military of 'targeting' hospitals, schools and markets. A critical listener might ask why they would do that instead of targeting Al Qaeda terrorists and their allies who launch dozens and sometimes hundreds of hell-cannon missiles into the government-held sections of Aleppo every day. 
The Congressional propaganda fest would not be complete without mention of the 'White Helmets.' Royce said 'We (previously) heard the testimony of Raed Saleh of the Syrian White Helmets. These are the doctors, nurses and volunteers who actually, when the bombs come, run towards the areas that have been hit in order to try to get the injured civilians medical treatment. '¦ They have lost over 600 doctors and nurses.' 
This is more Congressional nonsense. There are no nurses or doctors associated with the White Helmets. The organization was created by the U.S. and U.K. and heavily promoted by a ' shady PR firm .' The White Helmets operate solely in areas controlled by Al Qaeda's Nusra Front (recently renamed Syria Conquest Front) and associated terrorist groups. The White Helmets do some rescue work in the conflict zone but their main role is in the information war manipulating public opinion. 
The White Helmets actively promote U.S./NATO intervention through a 'no fly zone.' Recently, the White Helmets became a major source of claims about innocent civilian victims in east Aleppo. 
Given the clear propagandistic history of the White Helmets, these claims should be treated with skepticism. We need to ask exactly what is the evidence? 
The same skepticism needs to be applied to video and other reports from the Aleppo Media Center. AMC is a creation of the Syrian Expatriates Organization whose address on K Street in Washington, D.C., indicates it is a U.S. marketing operation. 
What's Going On? 
The campaign to overthrow the Syrian government is failing and there is possibility of a victory for the Syrian government and its allies. A heart-rending propaganda image designed to justify a major U.S. military operation inside Syria against the Syrian military. 
The earlier flood of international jihadi recruits is drying up. The Syrian Army and allies are gaining ground militarily and negotiating settlements or re-locations with 'rebels' who previously terrorized Homs, Darraya (outer Damascus) and elsewhere. In Aleppo, the Syrian army and allies are tightening the noose around the armed opposition in east Aleppo. 
This has caused alarm among neoconservative lawmakers devoted to Israel, Saudi Arabia and U.S. empire. They are desperate to prevent the Syrian government from finally eliminating the terrorist groups which the West and its allies have promoted for the past five-plus years. 
'Pro Israel' groups have been major campaigners for passage of HR5732. The name of Simon Wiesenthal is even invoked in the resolution. Rabbi Lee Bycel wrote, 'Where is the Conscience of the World?' as he questioned why the 'humanitarian' HR5732 was not passed earlier. 
Israeli interests are one of the primary forces sustaining and promoting the conflict. Syria is officially at war with Israel which continues to occupy the Syrian Golan Heights; Syria has been a key ally of the Lebanese Hezbollah resistance; and Syria has maintained its alliance with Iran. In 2010, Secretary of State Clinton urged Syria to break relations with Hezbollah, reduce relations with Iran and come to settlement with Israel. The Syrian refusal to comply with these Washington demands was instrumental in solidifying Washington's hostility . 
Congressional proponents of HR5732 make clear the international dimension of the conflict. Royce explains, 'It is Russia, it is Hezbollah, that are the primary movers of death and destruction. '¦ It is the IRGC [Revolutionary Guard] fighters from Iran.' 
Engel echoes the same message: 'Yes, we want to go after Assad's partners in violence '¦ Iranian and Hezbollah forces.' 
In words and deeds Israel has made its position on Syria crystal clear. Israeli Ambassador to the United States Michael Oren explained in an interview: 'we always wanted [President] Bashar Assad to go, we always preferred the bad guys who weren't backed by Iran to the bad guys who were backed by Iran '¦ the greatest danger to Israel is by the strategic arc that extends from Tehran, to Damascus to Beirut. And we saw the Assad regime as the keystone in that arc.' 
These statements have been fully backed up by Israeli actions bombing Syrian positions in southern Syria and providing medical treatment for Nusra/Al Qaeda and other armed opposition fighters. 
What Will Happen Now? 
If the Syrian government and its allies continue to advance in Aleppo, Deir Ezzor, outer Damascus and the south, the situation will come to a head. The enemies of Syria '“ predominately the U.S., Gulf Countries, NATO and Israel '“ will come to a decision point. Do they intervene directly or do they allow their 'regime change' project to collapse? HR5732 is an effort to prepare for direct intervention and aggression. 
One thing is clear from the experience of Libya: Neoconservatives do not care if they leave a country in chaos. The main objective is to destabilize and overthrow a government which is too independent. If the U.S. and its allies cannot dominate the country, then at least they can destroy the contrary authority and leave chaos. 
What is at stake in Syria is whether the U.S. and allies, including Israel and Saudi Arabia, are able to destroy the last secular and independent Arab country in the region and whether the U.S. goal of being the sole superpower in the world prevails. The rushed passage of HR5732 without any meaningful debate is indicative of that. 
Despite Trump's election and his stated priority of taking on Islamic terrorism '“ not overthrowing Assad '“ the 'regime change' proponents have not given up their war on Syria. They still seek to escalate U.S. aggression there and hope to box President Trump in. 
It's also clear that the U.S. Congress has become a venue where blatant lies can be stated with impunity and where violent actions are advanced behind a cynical and amoral veneer of 'humanitarianism.' 
Rick Sterling is an investigative journalist and member of Syria Solidarity Movement.
ARTICLE

Demonizing Russian Media November 23, 2016 
The West is escalating its demonization of Russian media as weapons of 'information warfare' that need neutralizing, but Gilbert Doctorow finds that accusation just another part of the West's own propaganda war. 
By Gilbert Doctorow 
One of the West's top points in condemning Vladimir Putin's 'regime' since 2007 has been his alleged suppression of democratic institutions, including an assault on media freedom and imposition of government-directed propaganda. This week, the accusation was repeated in a resolution of the European Parliament calling for stronger counter-measures in defense of European values against 'information warfare' from Moscow. 
The charges '” that Russian media are only an instrument of state propaganda directed at the domestic population to keep Russian citizens in line and at foreign audiences to sow dissent among Russia's neighbors and within the European Union '” are taken as a matter of faith with almost no proofs adduced. Anyone who questions this 'group think' is immediately labeled a 'tool of Putin' or worse. Russian President Vladimir Putin answering questions from Russian citizens at his annual Q&A event on April 14, 2016. (Russian government photo) 
I experienced this firsthand in March 2015 when, as one of three debaters on 'The Network,' a Euronews public affairs program, I objected to remarks by a fellow panelist, Chairman of the European Parliament's Foreign Relations Committee Elmar Brok, who maintained that Putin crushed all liberties and his country has no free press. 
Based on my familiarity with the many different political lines of the Russian print media and of the patently unintimidated Kremlin-critics behind the national radio station Ekho Moskvy and television station Dozhd', I countered that, for example, Russian coverage of events in the Donbass was more multi-sided and free than coverage in the U.S. 
Brok lashed out with the slanderous question: 'And how much did the Kremlin pay you to say that?' The broadcaster then allowed this video-taped exchange to air freely. 
I have ruminated on this exchange ever since and sought incontrovertible proof of the relative freedom of expression on Russian broadcast media. My close examination of the wildly popular political talk shows on Russian television first as a spectator and then as a participant has provided just that. 
I have written previously about my initial experience going back six months to when I first took part in a program on the Rossiya 1/Vesti 24 state channel, Yevgeni Popov's 'Special Correspondent.' I mentioned at the time the nearly permanent presence on these programs of domestic opposition figures as well as of foreigners from the U.S., Ukraine, Poland and Israel, in particular, who could be counted on to present views on the political topic of the day's discussion at sharp variance with the Kremlin line. 
Assessing the Talk Shows 
In early autumn I appeared on the same presenter's new show 'Sixty Minutes,' as well on what is probably the most respected show of this genre, 'Sunday Evening with Vladimir Soloviev,' another Rossiya 1 production. Soloviev has done feature-length television interviews with Vladimir Putin and may be considered to be as close to power as people in this medium get. His personal views are probably more nationalist than the ruling United Russia party, but on his shows he, too, gives time on air to very diverse Russian and foreign views. Some of the estimated 12 million Russians who took part in Immortal Regiment parades across the country over three days in May 2016. (RT photo) 
In the past month, I broadened my experience with the Russian talk show format by participating in shows on the other major state channel, Pervy Kanal ('Time Will Tell') and on the country's largest commercial television channel, NTV ('The Meeting Place'). This accelerated learning was facilitated by the U.S. presidential elections, which made Russian-speaking talking heads from America like myself a rather hot commodity on Russian television at least briefly. 
In speaking to fellow panelists during break time, in interviews with presenters, I gathered some inside information about the production side of the talk shows, including their target audiences, their technical aspects and their substantive positioning. 
Anyone looking over Russian television programming in general quickly finds that talk shows as a format take up a very large part of broadcast time. Of course, the focus of talk shows may be highly diverse, and political talk shows were traditionally an evening phenomenon, as is the case with the Rossiya 1 shows cited above, while daytime programming more typically focuses on housewives' concerns, daydreams of romance or tips for cooking, and the like. 
In this sense, it was a bold move when two years ago Pervy Kanal decided to launch a daily two-hour political talk show ('Time Will Tell') in mid-afternoon. As expected, the target audience proved to be stay-at-home women and viewers aged 50 and above, although it appears there are also a fair number of viewers watching the program in the work place. 
Going Daytime 
The ratings captured by this show typically are in the 20s, meaning that 20 or so percent of all television viewers in Russia at the given time are tuned to the given program, yielding an audience numbering in the millions. On Nov. 9, when I appeared on the show dedicated to analysis of the U.S. election results, the numbers spiked to 30 percent, as one might well understand given the very great interest among ordinary Russians in the outcome of the race for the U.S. presidency and the outlook for war or peace. A Russian orchestra performing at Palmyra's Roman theater on May 5, 2016, after Syrian troops, backed by Russian air power, reclaimed the ancient city from the Islamic State. (Image from RT's live-streaming of the event.) 
As 'Time Will Tell' presenter Artyom Sheinin explained to me, the decision to appear on daytime television called for certain production decisions differentiating the programs from the evening talk shows. Firstly, the expectation of a less sophisticated audience meant that the language of panelists should be free of political science jargon and allusion to little known names or philosophies. 
Said Artyom, panelists are asked to pitch their arguments as they would 'talking to their kids, their mom or their lover.'' On the other hand, overly calm discussion is not seen as a benefit. The presenter explains that his audience sitting at home at mid-day is in need of 'an adrenaline shot,' and the normal penchant of Russian panelists to shout down one another in a free-for-all is not discouraged in the way it is on evening programming. The evening viewer is assumed to have come home from work and is seated in his armchair before the television, wants his nerves soothed more than excited. 
All Russian political talk shows on the main channels are produced in the afternoon, Moscow time, and all feature on screen the caption 'Live On Air.' However, where and when these shows are broadcast live versus rebroadcast from video tapes is another matter. 
For example, the Rossiya 1/Vesti programs are broadcast live to the Russian Far East, where they appear at the end of prime-time evening broadcasts. Then they are re-broadcast at local evening prime time in each of the eight other time zones of the Russian Federation lying to the west, showing last in Moscow. 
In this regard, two years ago when it launched 'Time Will Tell,' Pervy Kanal took a second unparalleled risk by broadcasting live to Moscow in the afternoon. From a political standpoint, this was like a high-flying trapeze act without the benefit of a safety net. 
In fact all of these programs are also video-taped, and all the major channels make the tapes available for internet viewing on their websites in full or shortened versions. 
Similar Formats 
Just as Russian television has often copied studio design and presentation formats from American television (I think in particular of the way the 'Tonight Show' has been replicated on major Russian channels), so they copy from one another. In fact, if you turn on any of the political talk shows I cited above, you will find rather similar studios with live audiences. A military parade on Red Square. May 9, 2016 Moscow. (Photo from: http://en.kremlin.ru) 
Indeed, at Pervy Kanal, the producers remark jokingly that when NTV decided to launch its own afternoon talk show, 'The Meeting Place,' that network picked up not only the production format and studio design but also some of the production staff. The format of having male-female pairs of talk show hosts also has spread widely in the industry. 
But there appears to be a significant difference between these shows on the degree to which they are 'scripted' by management upstairs, the degree to which they are free discussion. Perhaps the most scripted is this season's new entry at Rossiya 1, 'Sixty Minutes,' in which presenters Yevgeni Popov and Olga Skabeyeva are reading off teleprompters and the audience applause is aggressively prompted. On the other hand, the lead presenter on Pervy Kanal's 'Time Will Tell,' Artyom Sheinin proudly says that he has no script handed to him, that what he says on air is what he himself prepared or is thinking at the time. 
One ubiquitous fact is that the panelists are not scripted and if anyone is cut off in mid-sentence it is by other panelists vying for the microphone, not by the presenter keeping the political line of discourse in check. Except in the case of senior politicians, who are given the respect their rank demands, no panelist is safe from interruptions and the audience encourages a culture of gladiators in the arena, with applause punctuating the debates. 
On NTV there is the additional expression of audience disapproval, but that is rare. The benefits of these ground rules go to the quick-witted as well as to the loudest voices, whatever their political complexion. 
The culture of these talk shows is permeated by a newsroom mentality. Some of the presenters, especially on Rossiya 1/Vesti 24, come from television journalism and have gotten their appointments as a reward for successful work in the field, especially in hazardous areas. Such was the background of talk show host Yevgeni Popov, who for years reported from Ukraine, initially during the Orange Revolution days and later during the Maidan protests. 
The content of each program on all channels is subject to change at the last minute as are the list of invited panelists in case of breaking news. This favors inviting panelists who are living in the Moscow area. They can be invited and disinvited at short notice. In fact, all the major political shows on the three channels I observed from inside use many of the same Russian and foreign panelists chosen from among political scientists at universities or think tanks, journalists and Duma or Federation Council members. 
Western Voices 
To be sure, not all panelists come down to the studio. A very few lucky experts are given air time from remote locations, their close-up image projected onto a wall-sized screen. 
One such 'regular' on the Rossiya 1/Vesti 24 channel is Dimitri Simes, president of The Center for the National Interest in Washington, D.C. These vignette appearances get special treatment, without any interruption from other panelists and only respectful questioning from the host. 
Panelists in greatest demand can be seen leaving one show early so as to be able to get over to another studio on a different channel when there is the rotation of panelists between advertising breaks. None is in greater demand than the American Michael Bohm, who in the dark days of worsening relations with the West provided all channels with highly fluent statements in Russian of the latest policy position of the Washington Consensus, often accompanied by Russian folk expressions. 
This has been especially appreciated by television producers representing the more hardline supporters of the Kremlin for whom Bohm is the kind of American the audience loves to hate, his every remark justifying demands for greater military expenditures by the Kremlin. Nonetheless, it remains true that through Bohm and a few other Westerners on these shows, the full blast of Western critiques of Kremlin policy gets prime broadcasting time in Russia. 
The senior politicians brought in as panelists come from all the Duma parties, not just the ruling United Russia. In the past half year, I noted in particular the frequent presence of the leader of the nationalist LDPR party, Vladimir Zhirinovsky, while Gennady Zyuganov of the Communists or Sergey Mironov, leader of Just Russia, have been rare birds. 
On the other hand, there have been frequent appearances by the Liberals of the Yabloko party, which never made it past 1 percent of votes cast in the latest parliamentary elections, not to mention the minimum 5 percent threshold for Duma representation. 
The talk show programs are prepared with great professionalism. Behind each there is extensive research to find appropriate archival and/or latest visuals. The administrative chores involved in arranging logistics for the panelists chosen are also considerable. The team members I have encountered were uniformly dedicated, working crazy hours to get their job done. 
Encouraging Strong Opinions 
I also noted a peculiar complicity between the staff 'handlers' and us panelists. Clearly, production staff is rewarded for finding 'fresh blood' panelists who play out well, and they make sure that their dogs in the race are well tended with coffee, tea, and, if needed, a shot of brandy during breaks to keep their spirits high. 
On the Rossiya 1/Vesti 24 talk shows presenters and the panelists all are wired with headset microphones. However, on both Pervy Kanal and NTV, only the presenters are wired, while panelists are seated next to production assistants holding microphones, which they make available upon request. Indeed, the assistants act as coaches to newcomers like myself, whom they urge to speak louder, speak faster, etc. to get the greatest debate effect out of us. 
In conclusion, my firsthand experience with the Russian political talk show phenomenon left me with no doubt that this is bona fide journalism serving the public interest, exposing the broad Russian television audience, from everyone's parents and grandparents to business leaders and university dons, to a great many different competing and well-presented views on the major issues of the day, both domestic and international. 
This reality is sharply at variance with what U.S. and Western European mainstream media would have us believe about Putin's Russia. 
Gilbert Doctorow is the European Coordinator of The American Committee for East West Accord Ltd. His most recent book, Does Russia Have a Future? was published in August 2015.
ARTICLE

The West's Media Delusions November 23, 2016 
Exclusive: The U.S. mainstream news media often holds itself out as the world's gold standard, home for careful reporting and diverse opinions compared to Russia's monolithic propaganda, but the reality is quite different, says James W Carden. 
By James W Carden 
In a wide ranging and necessary survey of Russian political programming , Dr. Gilbert Doctorow, himself a frequent guest on those shows, observes that: 
'The charges '” that Russian media are only an instrument of state propaganda directed at the domestic population to keep Russian citizens in line and at foreign audiences to sow dissent among Russia's neighbors and within the European Union '” are taken as a matter of faith with almost no proofs adduced. Anyone who questions this 'group think' is immediately labeled a 'tool of Putin' or worse.' MSNBC host Rachel Maddow. 
Dr. Doctorow has launched an important conversation in light of the release of yet another alarmist media report , this time by a British neoconservative group named (oddly) after a long deceased Democratic Senator from Washington State (Henry 'Scoop' Jackson), which seeks to stifle debate on Russia policy in the West by smearing dissenters from the Russia-bashing conventional wisdom as 'Putin's useful idiots.' 
Doctorow's experience with the Russian media therefore serves a double use: to combat willful Western misconceptions of the Russian media landscape as well as to serve as a useful point of comparison with U.S. media outlets and their coverage of Russia. 
If we take the example of the purportedly liberal cable news outlet MSNBC, we find, paradoxically, that the hard-right neoconservative stance toward Russia goes virtually unopposed. Regarding Russia, in comparison with their principal center-left cable news rival CNN, which, to its credit occasionally makes room for the minority 'detente' point of view, MSNBC leaves about as much room for dissent as the Soviet-era Pravda '“ actually, perhaps less. 
New McCarthyism 
As it happens, there was a similar disparity when it came to the way the two networks covered the U.S. presidential election. While CNN went about bringing much needed balance to its coverage, albeit in the most inept way possible '“ by hiring paid flacks from each of the campaigns to appear alongside actual journalists, MSNBC (like Republican rival FOX News) wholly dispensed with any pretense of objectivity and served as little more than as a mouth piece for the disastrous Clinton campaign. Sen. Joseph McCarthy, R-Wisconsin, who led the 'Red Scare' hearings of the 1950s. 
As such, the 'liberal' network found itself in the vanguard of the new McCarthyism which swept the 2016 campaign, but which has, in fact, been a feature of the American debate over Russia policy since at least the beginning of the Ukraine crisis in late 2013 '“ if not earlier. 
Examples abound, but perhaps the most striking case of the neo-McCarthyite hysteria which MSNBC attempted to dress up as its legitimate concern over U.S. national security was a rant that Rachel Maddow unleashed on her audience in June when Maddow opened her show with a monologue dedicated to the proposition that Donald Trump was in league with Vladimir Putin. 
Maddow, in her signature smarter-than-thou tone, informed readers that the 'admiration' between Putin and Trump 'really is mutual. I mean, look at this headline, 'Putin praises Trump. He`s brilliant and talented person.' 'Putin praises bright and talented Trump.' 'Vladimir Putin praises outstanding and talented Trump.' There was some controversy over how to exactly translate Putin`s remarks, but Putin took care to flatter Donald Trump publicly, exactly the way Donald Trump likes to be flattered, and that`s apparently enough for Donald Trump, that`s all he needs to hear, that`s all he needs to know, to tell him, how great Vladimir Putin is. 
'Putin likes Trump, he must be smart, must be great. So, that is the very, very unusual context here, that you have a Republican presidential nominee who is very, very susceptible to flattery. It`s the most powerful thing in the world to him. If you compliment him, he will never forget it and that`s kind of all he needs to know about you.' 
Maddow went on in this vein for quite a while longer (meaning: little actual content but lots of 'very, very's' and eye-rolling). But her central insight, such as it was, was little more than a regurgitation of Democratic National Committee talking points. To no one's surprise, Maddow's accusations were repeated almost verbatim in the press releases issued by the Clinton campaign which accused Trump of being little more than a Russian fifth columnist. 
Maddow's evidence-free, innuendo laden June rant took on an added importance because she was the messenger. After the risible, self-important sports journalist Keith Olbermann left the network in 2011, Maddow took over as the network's house intellectual. So her words carry weight with its viewers in a way, say, Mika Brzezinki's do not. 
Nevertheless at no point at which I am aware did Maddow ever host a guest who pushed back against the still unproven charges that the Russian government had interfered in the U.S. election or that Donald Trump was, in the words of former CIA functionary Mike Morell, an 'unwitting agent of the Kremlin' '“ never mind that as recently as Nov. 15, Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker admitted he had 'no proof' of Moscow's interference in the U.S. election. 
While it is unclear whether MSNBC's Joy Reid is seen as 'serious' a voice as Maddow, it is unquestionable that she has emerged as the network's most enthusiastic practitioner of the new McCarthyism. 
Days before the election Reid hosted Newsweek's increasingly unhinged Kurt Eichenwald and former Naval officer Malcolm Nance who has repeatedly and without evidence claimed the Wikileaks-Podesta emails were fake. 
Why, asked Reid, are the Russians backing Trump? As if that assertion was beyond dispute. Well, said Eichenwald, 'They hate Hillary Clinton'¦' Oh. Reid then went on to wonder why the FBI is down-playing the intelligence community's allegedly deep concern that Russia was interfering in the election. 
Putin-Bashing 
Days later, right after the election, Reid re-assembled a panel featuring Nance, the reliable Putin critic Nina Khrushcheva and Esquire's Charles Pierce to reinforce the message that MSNBC had been pushing since the summer: that the Russian government had its hand on the scale of the U.S. election. Pierce, in particular, was apoplectic. Russian President Vladimir Putin. (Russian government photo) 
That Reid's roundtable featured Pierce made a good deal of sense. Throughout the campaign, Pierce has been determined to draw a direct link between the Trump campaign and Putin. A sample of his output helps tell the tale. On July 24, Pierce published 'Donald Trump's and Vladimir Putin's Shared Agenda Should Alarm Anyone Concerned About Democracy' in which Pierce speculated that 'Trump seems increasingly dependent on money from Russia and from the former Soviet republics within its increasingly active sphere of influence.' 
In his offering of Sept. 9, Pierce protested that 'It's not 'red-baiting' to be concerned about Russian interference in our elections.' Pierce, perhaps moved to madness by The Nation editorial 'Against Neo-McCarthyism,' sounded as though he were channeling the ghost of James Jesus Angleton, asking, 'Are we supposed to believe that Donald Trump really went on RT television by accident ? That nobody on his staff knew that the Russian government's American network picks up Larry King's podcast?' 
About a month before the election, on Oct. 11, Pierce informed readers of the once-great Esquire, 'Vladimir Putin Is Determined to See Trump in the Oval Office.' Still worse, according to Pierce, ' There is little question now that Vladimir Putin is playing monkey-mischief with the 2016 presidential election, and that the Trump campaign is the primary beneficiary of that.' 
All of the aforementioned is to demonstrate that the American media's much touted pluralism is little more than a fiction when it comes to reporting on Russia. The diversity of Left-Right voices on the political spectrum that Doctorow has encountered in Moscow indicates that the widespread perception that Moscow's political culture is monolithic compared to that of the Washington's is, at the very least, challengeable. 
James W Carden is a contributing writer for The Nation and editor of The American Committee for East-West Accord's eastwestaccord.com. He previously served as an advisor on Russia to the Special Representative for Global Inter-governmental Affairs at the US State Department.
ARTICLE

Home News Ukraine Trump's Possible Path Out of Ukraine Crisis '“ Consortiumnews Trump's Possible Path Out of Ukraine Crisis '“ Consortiumnews 
Exclusive: The U.S.-backed coup in Ukraine in 2014 sparked a New Cold War with Russia, but a President Trump could roll back tensions with a creative strategy for resolving the Ukraine standoff, writes Jonathan Marshall. 
By Jonathan Marshall 
If Donald Trump wants to make a decisive and constructive mark on U.S. foreign policy early in his presidency, there's no better place to start than by helping to end the brutal war in Ukraine that has claimed some 10,000 lives. President-elect Donald Trump 
The Obama administration helped ignite that war by attempting to yank Ukraine out of Russia's orbit and into the Western security and economic sphere. Working alongside the European Union, Washington fanned mass street protests that led to a violent putsch against Kiev's elected government in February 2014. Moscow responded by annexing (or, depending on your point of view, reunifying with) Russian-speaking Crimea, which is also headquarters of Moscow's Black Sea Fleet, and backing pro-Russia separatists in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk. 
Since then, the two sides have fought to a bloody stalemate. Besides killing thousands of civilians, the war has sunk Ukraine's economy and fostered rampant corruption. U.S. and E.U. sanctions have dragged down Russia's economy and derailed cooperation between Washington and Moscow in other theaters. Rising tensions between NATO and Russia have greatly raised the odds of an accidental military confrontation between the world's two largest nuclear powers. 
The best hope for Ukraine '” and renewed East-West cooperation '” is the Minsk Protocol, signed by Ukrainian, Russian, and European parties in the capital of Belarus on Sept. 5, 2014. The agreement provided for a ceasefire, an exchange of prisoners, and a framework for a political settlement based on giving the Donetsk and Luhansk regions a 'special status.' 
That agreement broke down amid renewed fighting until the parties signed the Minsk-2 Agreement on Feb. 12, 2015. It provided for constitutional reforms, elections in the two republics, and restoration of Ukrainian sovereignty over its borders. But Kiev has made no serious move to recognize the special status of its breakaway regions, and the two sides have engaged in sporadic hostilities ever since. 
Final Words 
Presidents Obama and Putin exchanged what may have been their final, desultory words on the subject at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Peru this month. Obama 'urged President Putin to uphold Russia's commitments under the Minsk agreements,' while a Russian spokesman said the two men 'expressed regret that it was not possible to make progress in Ukraine.' President Barack Obama meets with President Vladimir Putin of Russia on the sidelines of the G20 Summit at Regnum Carya Resort in Antalya, Turkey, Sunday, Nov. 15, 2015. National Security Advisor Susan E. Rice listens at left. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
As current foreign policy messes go, however, the Ukrainian imbroglio may offer the greatest opportunities for a rewarding cleanup. Doing so will require both sides to acknowledge some fault and find creative ways to save face. 
Fortunately, President-elect Trump has created an opening for such a settlement by reaching out to Putin during the election campaign and explicitly declining to bash Russia for its annexation of Crimea (which followed a hastily arranged referendum in which the official results showed that 96 percent of the voters favored leaving Ukraine and rejoining Russia). 
There are also small signs of progress that give hope. A limited demilitarization accord signed in September led to a mutual retreat by the Ukrainian army and pro-Russia separatists from a small city in eastern Ukraine. The withdrawal was verified by observers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), a party to the Minsk accords. Meanwhile, Ukraine, Germany, France and Russia are working on a new roadmap to strengthen the ceasefire. 
Conditions for Peace 
In a June 2015 interview with Charlie Rose, Putin laid out clear and reasonable conditions for making the Minsk accord stick: Ukraine's anti-Russian President Petro Poroshenko speaking to the Atlantic Council in 2014. (Photo credit: Atlantic Council) 
'Today we primarily need to comply with all the agreements reached in Minsk '¦ At the same time, I would like to draw . . . the attention of all our partners to the fact that we cannot do it unilaterally. We keep hearing the same thing, repeated like a mantra '“ that Russia should influence the southeast of Ukraine. We are. However, it is impossible to resolve the problem through our influence on the southeast alone. 
'There has to be influence on the current official authorities in Kiev, which is something we cannot do. This is a road our Western partners have to take '“ those in Europe and America. Let us work together. '¦ We believe that to resolve the situation we need to implement the Minsk agreements, as I said. The elements of a political settlement are key here. There are several. . . . 
'The first one is constitutional reform, and the Minsk agreements say clearly: to provide autonomy or, as they say, decentralization of power. . . 
'The second thing that has to be done '“ the law passed earlier on the special status of . . . Luhansk and Donetsk, the unrecognized republics, should be enacted. It was passed, but still not acted upon. This requires a resolution of the Supreme Rada '“ the Ukrainian Parliament '“ which is also covered in the Minsk agreements. . . . 
'The third thing is a law on amnesty. It is impossible to have a political dialogue with people who are threatened with criminal persecution. And finally, they need to pass a law on municipal elections on these territories and to have the elections themselves. All this is spelled out in the Minsk agreements. . . . 
'I repeat, it is important now to have a direct dialogue between Luhansk, Donetsk and Kiev '“ this is missing.' 
Future of Crimea 
Any lasting settlement will also require some compromise over Crimea, which Putin has vowed never to relinquish. A map showing Crimea (in beige) and its proximity to both the Ukrainian mainland and Russia. 
As Ray McGovern, the CIA's former chief Russia analyst, has noted, the annexation of Crimea did violate a pledge that Russia made in 1994 '” along with Great Britain and the United States '” 'to respect the independence and sovereignty and existing borders of Ukraine,' as a precondition to Ukraine giving up its nuclear weapons. Of course, the United States and the E.U. had already violated the same pledge by supporting a coup d'Ã©tat against the country's elected government. 
McGovern cited other 'extenuating circumstances, including alarm among Crimeans over what the unconstitutional ouster of Ukraine's president might mean for them, as well as Moscow's not unfounded nightmare of NATO taking over Russia's major, and only warm-water, naval base at Sevastopol in Crimea.' 
In support of annexation, Russian and Crimean authorities also pointed to the hasty referendum that was held in Crimea in March 2014, which resulted in 96 percent support for reunification with Russia, a relationship dating back to the Eighteenth Century. Subsequent polls of Crimean opinion, conducted by Western firms, have largely confirmed support for the 2014 referendum on rejoining Russia. But the referendum did not have international observers and was not accepted by the United States and other Western nations. 
Condemning the annexation in a soaring speech about the 'rule of law' and America's dedication to universal principles, President Obama contrasted Crimea with Kosovo, which NATO forcibly broke away from Serbia in 1999. 
Obama said, 'Kosovo only left Serbia after a referendum was organized not outside the boundaries of international law, but in careful cooperation with the United Nations and with Kosovo's neighbors. None of that even came close to happening in Crimea.' 
Actually, none of that came close to happening in Kosovo, either. Obama's story was a myth, but it confirmed the powerful legitimacy offered by popular referenda, like those in Great Britain over Scottish independence or Brexit. 
Yet, as part of a permanent settlement of the larger Ukraine crisis, the Minsk signatories could agree to hold another, binding referendum in Crimea under international supervision to decide whether it stays under Russian rule or returns to Ukraine. 
To get Russia's buy-in, the United States and its European allies should agree to lift sanctions if Moscow abides by the referendum and other terms of the Minsk accord. They should also agree to rule out the incorporation of Ukraine into NATO, the original sin that sowed the seeds of crisis between Russia and the West. Russia, in turn, could agree to demilitarize its border with Ukraine. 
Obstacles to Settlement 
President Putin has signaled his willingness to compromise in several ways, including firing his hardline chief of staff, Sergei Ivanov, and welcoming the presence of armed observers from OSCE to monitor the Minsk agreement. The neo-Nazi Wolfsangel symbol on a banner in Ukraine. 
But major obstacles still impede progress. One is President Petro Poroshenko's stalling in the face of opposition to the Minsk accord by Ukrainian nationalists. Kiev needs to be given a firm choice: go it alone, or compromise if it wants continued economic support from the United States and Western Europe. The Obama administration has quietly urged the Poroshenko government to honor the Minsk agreement, but has never put teeth behind its entreaties. 
The other major obstacle is hostility from militarist hardliners in the West who propose arming Ukraine to ratchet up conflict with Russia. Prime examples include the State Department's chief policy maker on Ukraine, Victoria Nuland; former NATO Commander Gen. Philip Breedlove, who became infamous for issuing inflated warnings about Russian military operations; Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain; and Stephen Hadley, Raytheon board member and former national security adviser to President George W. Bush, who chairs the Orwellian-named United States Institute for Peace. 
But Trump will have great leeway as commander-in-chief to reject their advice and set a new direction for NATO's policy on Ukraine and Russia more generally. He has everything to gain by breaking the cycle of political conflict with Moscow. 
An ally in the Kremlin will immeasurably improve his chances of making deals in the Middle East, finding a way out of Afghanistan, and managing China. 
The next few months should tell us whether Trump has the independence, imagination, and gumption to do the right thing. 
Jonathan Marshall is author or co-author of five books on international affairs, including The Lebanese Connection: Corruption, Civil War and the International Drug Traffic . Some of his previous articles for Consortiumnews include 'Nazi Roots of Ukraine's Conflict,' 'Escalations in a New Cold War,' 'European Union's Imperial Overreach,' and 'Kosovo Chaos Undercuts Clinton '˜Success.''
ARTICLE

Greens Question Trump's Victory November 24, 2016 
A sudden flood of cash has enabled the Green Party to demand recounts of votes in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan, three formerly Democratic states that largely decided the 2016 election for Donald Trump, reports Joe Lauria. 
By Joe Lauria 
The Green Party is demanding a recount of votes in three key states that could potentially affect the outcome of the election that saw Donald Trump chosen as president. The party was able to raise $2.5 million needed to at least pay for the recount in Wisconsin in less than 12 hours from the time the Greens' intentions were reported by the media on Wednesday. 
Jill Stein, leader of the party that received less than 1 percent of the national vote, said in a press release that the Greens wanted the recount 'because reported hacks into voter and party databases and individual email accounts are causing many Americans to wonder if our election results are reliable.' Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. (Photos by Gage Skidmore and derivative by Krassotkin, Wikipedia) 
The Green Party wants recounts in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan '“ the three states that effectively determined the result of the presidential race by slipping from the Democratic column in 2012. The deadline to file for a recount is Friday in Wisconsin, Monday in Pennsylvania and Wednesday in Michigan. 
The cost of the Wisconsin recount is $1.1 million, according to the Green Party press release . The release does not say what the cost for all three recounts is, but the party initially sought $2.5 million. That was widely reported as the total amount needed. But once that goal was reached, the target was jacked up to $4.5 million. 
The party's home page appeal for money says the entire cost with legal fees could be $6 million to $7 million. This statement also includes a quote from Stein that blames 'foreign agents' for hacking into 'party databases, private email servers, and voter databases in certain states.' Her quote in the press release removed the words 'foreign agents.' 
Slim Margins 
Trump narrowly beat Democratic contender Hillary Clinton in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania and is leading in Michigan, which more than two weeks later is still too close to call. Just a 55,000-vote swing is all that is needed in the three states to flip the election to Clinton. 
On Tuesday it was reported that a group of U.S. professors '“ computer scientists and elections lawyers '“ had held a conference call with the Clinton campaign to ask it to file for an audit in the three states. They said that actual results differed from exit polls and that Trump had done considerably better in areas where electronic voting machines were used. Clinton did better where paper ballots were used. Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein. 
Some experts explained that electronic machines were used in rural areas, which were stronger for Trump, while paper ballots were used in urban areas largely backing Clinton. 
The academics lobbying the Clinton campaign have suggested that a foreign government may be behind the hacks. The Obama administration had said before the election that Russia was trying to influence the election through hacking, though no evidence was made public. 
In his final testimony to Congress last week, outgoing Director of National Intelligence James Clapper admitted that there was no proof about who was behind the supposed hacks into email accounts of Democratic leaders which proved embarrassing to the Clinton campaign. 
The Clinton campaign has made no statement about the recount. But many Clinton supporters have backed the effort online. The Trump transition team has made no comment. 
Trump won the Electoral College vote 290 to 232, with Michigan's 16 electoral votes still outstanding and with 270 votes needed to be elected President. Clinton won the national popular vote by about 2 million votes. 
The Green's Motive 
Because of Clinton's popular-vote plurality, there have been calls for electors from states that voted for Trump to change their vote to Clinton, but there is no indication that Trump's electors are switching sides. Twenty-four states do not legally bind electors to vote with the popular will of their states. The electors will vote in their state capitals on Dec. 19. The Congress will certify the election on Jan. 6. 
The move by the Greens raises many questions. At face value, they say the integrity of the electoral system is the only thing at stake. But the Greens must know that the recount effort could only help Clinton and hurt Trump. 
Is there some collusion between the Democratic Party and the Greens? Are they a Trojan horse for Clinton who can stay above the fray while getting the recount that some of her supporters have called for? 
Have wealthy Clinton donors been behind the flood of cash into the effort in so short a time? Or are the Greens sincere in wanting voting irregularities exposed? One theory is that the recount will expose cheating by both the Republicans and Democrats '“ and thus reflect badly on the two-party system which has marginalized the Greens and other third parties. 
There's also the mystery of why one Stein quote mentions 'foreign agents' while another doesn't. In the waning days of the campaign, Clinton and her surrogates attacked Trump by suggesting Russian agents were conspiring to install him in the White House. Why did Stein, at least briefly, pick up that Clinton theme even though DNI Clapper had distanced himself from the accusation? 
Though there's widespread doubt among election experts that an audit of the results in the three states will swing the election to Clinton, there now is the possibility that the unpredictable 2016 election might still have a few last-minute twists. 
Joe Lauria is a veteran foreign-affairs journalist based at the U.N. since 1990. He has written for the Boston Globe, the London Daily Telegraph, the Johannesburg Star, the Montreal Gazette, the Wall Street Journal and other newspapers. He can be reached atjoelauria@gmail.com and followed on Twitter at @unjoe .
ARTICLE

Still Not Thanking Native Americans November 24, 2016 
Returned to its historical roots, Thanksgiving would be a day to express thanks to Native Americans whose generosity saved the Pilgrims, but that never seems to be a lesson learned, as Dennis J Bernstein reports on the Dakota pipeline standoff. 
By Dennis J Bernstein 
Late Sunday night '” at the start of Thanksgiving week '” Native American protesters were attacked by law enforcement agents near the site of the Dakota Access pipeline, a project that Native Americans and environmentalists have been trying to block. 
Police and other security forces deployed tear gas, rubber bullets, percussion grenades and water hoses to stop about 400 protesters from crossing the Blackwater Bridge on state Highway 1806, about a mile from an uncompleted section under Lake Oahe, a Missouri River reservoir, where work has been on hold by order of federal agencies. 
'As medical professionals, we are concerned for the real risk of loss of life due to severe hypothermia under these conditions,' the Standing Rock Medic & Healer Council said in a statement posted on Facebook. One hundred sixty-seven people were injured and seven were taken to the hospital, according to Jade Begay, a spokeswoman for the Indigenous Environmental Network. Protest against the Dakota Access Pipeline in St. Paul, Minnesota on September 13, 2016 (Fibonacci Blue Flickr) 
Sunday's standoff began around 6 p.m. local time, when a group of about 100 'water protectors' attempted to clear burned out trucks that were blocking the bridge, which is on the most direct route from the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation to Bismarck, North Dakota. The trucks have been in place for several weeks, and law enforcement has constructed a barricade behind them, forcing all traffic to take an approximately 20-mile detour. 
'The purpose of this action was to do something to remove that barricade because it's dangerous,' said Begay, a member of the Tesuque Pueblo and DinÃ©, who has been at the Standing Rock encampments since September. 'That barricade poses a danger not just to everyone at the camp, but also to Cannon Ball and other communities that are south.' 
'They're using that barricade as an excuse for us not to be able to lawfully protest,' said Frank Archambault, a member of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe from Little Eagle, South Dakota. 'We got word that the drill is now on the pad so tensions are high right now.' 
The 1,200-mile, four-state pipeline is intended to carry oil from western North Dakota to a shipping point in Illinois. But construction of the $3.8 billion pipeline has been protested for months by the Standing Rock Sioux, whose reservation lies near the pipeline route and there are fears a leak could contaminate the drinking water. They also worry that construction could threaten sacred sites. 
Cheryl Angel, an Elder member of the Rosebud Nation, was an eyewitness to what happened Sunday night [Nov. 20] in sub-freezing weather with water hoses. 'Security' forces stationed at the Dakota Access pipeline construction spray protesters with pepper spray. (Photo by Tim Yakaitis) 
Cheryl Angel: I'm a member of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe. I am Sasusaku, Lakota. I currently live at Cannonball, to support Standing Rock, in their efforts to save the water that millions of Americans [depend upon]. [On the evening of November 20 th ], after a day of prayer and ceremony at all three camps, our security attempted to open the bridge by removing the burnt out trucks that the North Dakota authorities had put there themselves, and had started on fire themselves and left on the bridge. 
So our security forces tried to remove them from the bridge and the North Dakota authorities then decided to escalate their presence by calling in a militarized vehicle, and I'm going to say '¦ maybe 100 more law enforcement vehicles. There were so many you couldn't even count them. You need to understand that '¦ what separates the tribe from the pipeline area that's being excavated is the Cannonball River. At some points it's about 40 feet wide, at other points it's only 20 feet wide. But there is a bridge that connects between those two lands, those two boundaries. And that's where the armored vehicles were parked that were already burnt out. 
Dennis Bernstein: And, in terms of what happened'¦ we understand that a number of people were wounded with these tear gas canisters. We understand that they were using water hoses in, I guess, 20 '“ 25 degree [Fahrenheit] weather. Tell us more about that kind of violence. So people can really, you know, get a human face on what's going on there. 
CA: I felt like I was in a war zone. I had '¦ been called to a meeting so I was heading for the meeting. I could hear young warriors running through the camps, saying 'Everybody to the north bridge.' So everybody answered the call. They got in their vehicles and they drove to the north bridge. So both sides of the road had cars facing north. People were walking on the sides of the road. The DAPL (Dakota Access Pipeline) being installed between farms, as seen from 50th Avenue in New Salem, North Dakota. August 25, 2016. (Tony Webster Flickr) 
I had taken a back path that the deer, the wildlife, use and I entered from between two hills on a deer path. And I walked through the trees up along the fence and then from that point on '¦ there was flood lights, there was at least 40 floodlights on the north side of the river, about a quarter mile apart, along the entire path of that pipeline. So it's like moonlight'¦ it's like daylight on the north side of the river. On the south side, not so much. And people had gathered there, they had'¦ they were singing at the front line. They were playing music at the front line. They were chanting 'Water is life.' 
By the time I had gotten there, people were coming back, soaked in water, and it was really cold out, and the wind had picked up. And truckloads of people with assistance had brought blankets and jackets, and water, and goggles and face masks. So when you entered the bridge you could look to your right and pick up a blanket, and pick up a goggle, and pick up a face mask, and you could walk further to where the encounter was taking place. 
So, I kept to the right of the bridge, and I went down to where the razor wire is, because it's like a war zone there. I'm not kidding. They have floodlights, they have the tank right centered on the bridge, and there was no instructions. They '¦ had a water cannon there. I heard throughout the night that they had used seven fire engine trucks. They emptied seven of them. It was unbelievable. I didn't think that they would continue to water cannon people. And I asked them'¦ I went to the front lines and said 'Stop this'¦ please go home. We're here praying for you. We'll find you new jobs. Pray with us, stand with us. We're protecting the water for millions.' 
And they didn't listen, they stood behind the barbed wire and they continued '¦ they would lift their rifles and they would pick out, literally pick out, individuals in the crowd and they would shoot them. And so water protectors had plastic container tops, and they were using those as shields. And they were protecting people whenever they could. I was on the front line. I was very, very lucky, because I didn't get shot. I got maced, I got peppered sprayed, I got water cannoned. A woman holds a sign protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline. Opposite side reads: Water is Life. Washington, D.C. November 17, 2016. (Photo by Chelsea Gilmour) 
The force of a water cannon if you haven't had one'¦ it knocks you off your feet. And we had built fires to warm up the people who were soaking wet, in the frigid weather, people are shaking, they were drenched in water and tear gas. Our medics were out there in full force, doing what was necessary to keep people breathing. People were sharing their inhalers. Those who couldn't breathe'¦ it was unbelievable. I didn't think that things would come to this end. But unless Obama stands up, unless people start calling their senators, our lives are in danger, not only the water, but our lives, are physically in danger. So, it hurts me to talk like this.But a call needs to be made. Hundreds of calls need to be made. 
Our water needs to be protected. We need support up here. We need wool blankets. We need wool clothes. We need to replenish our first aid kits. We need more thermal blankets. We need batteries. We need jerky. We need those snack bars that you eat, when you're not able to eat a hot meal. Thermoses. We need'¦ I think we need hundreds of thermoses, because we can't even carry hot water with us anywhere we go. It was just unbelievable. It was'¦ between being shot with water and then dodging bullets, I'm trying to deliver a peaceful message, and saying prayer. It was hard. 
I mean, I slid down the hill, I was knocked off the hill by a water cannon, people picked me up. There was a man standing right next to '¦ a military vehicle, without any face protection, without any blanket and he was singing. And he kept singing, and they just kept spraying him over and over. I picked up an army blanket, I covered him up with it. I stood beside him. We sang together, we prayed together. And they still shot at us, they still maced us, and they still used the water cannon on whoever they wanted to'¦ on everybody that was within their reach, everybody. 
And the fires that were started to protect everybody, to warm people up'¦ those fires that were set to warm people up because there was no warming station at that site, were targeted by the police'¦ were targeted by the water cannons. ['¦] The fires that were keeping us warm, they intended on [extinguishing the fires that were there for warmth] and that was there intent. 
We didn't start the fires, only the warming stations. The fires that were started randomly out in the field those were by the tear gas canisters that they were shooting off there. They were shooting canisters at us, into the crowd, everybody at one point thought they were trapped on the bridge because lights were coming over from the south of us. And those turned out to be our own warriors, our own water protectors, our own horse riders to support us. They stood up on the hill, on both sides of the bridge, on the south end, and we were down at the bottom on the bridge, up against the razor wire. I asked them to stop, repeatedly, repeatedly. They wouldn't stop. They just kept going. Activists gather in Seattle to protest the Dakota Access Pipeline, September 2016. (John Duffy Flickr) 
But the thing that really hurt me the most, is when they were trying to put out the fires that were literally saving peoples' lives. I had got knocked down and was totally drenched in water, I walked over to the fire to warm up and I was only there long enough to empty the water out of my shoes and then they started targeting the fires. So the protectors put up a shield. And for thirty seconds they stood there with a continuous blast of water, and they were totally drenched. And then they all split. First the water hit the fire and there was so much steam and smoke that came out of there. We were blinded. 
But there were two of us and we grabbed one of those Teflon, Mylar body armors, and we stretched it between us, and we knelt down on it, and held it between us, we crouched together, we covered one end of the fire. And we just sat there and we prayed. And they kept putting the water over us, until we were completely drenched, again, over and over. 
And I could hear a young girl, when the smoke cleared, she was saying 'grab the logs, grab the logs' and so people ran over, they grabbed the logs out of the fire and they ran a few yards south, put them together and started another fire, so people could warm up before they were taken to the medic tents. Because there were hundreds of people soaking wet. They weren't dressed in wool. 
When I make a call out for clothing it's not for any cotton, it's not for polyester, it's for waterproof jackets and there's hardly any waterproof tents at all, snow pants, snow bibs, anything that's waterproof, and wool. We need wool sweaters, wool socks, wool gloves, wool jackets. Those are the things that we need right now. 
I wish the Red Cross would show up. I really do wish that whoever has power to send the Red Cross over there [would]. We could do that because we are in a state of emergency. That's how it was on the front line. The #NoDAPL water Protectors took non-violent direct action by locking themselves to construction equipment. This is 'Happy' American Horse from the Sicangu Nation, hailing from Rosebud. August 31, 2016 (Desiree Kane, Wikipedia) 
DB: It's really important '¦ you sort of hit this really hard but just to underline it'¦ because places like NPR and the local police are saying that they had the water there because you all were starting fires, and that you were throwing Molotov cocktails. That was the story that was coming out of the police, and the local press. You want to talk a little bit more about that? 
CA: I'm not afraid to call a liar to their face. If they're going to post things like that they should be standing on the front lines, getting eyewitness testimony, instead of just passing on the lies [that] the sheriff, '¦ and the governor of North Dakota, and the DAPL are putting out. Because they are taking their own words and using them against the people, to not know the truth. And that should be a crime. It should be. 
If I was lying to get people to hurt other people, would I be called a good person? Would I be fit to wear a uniform? Would I be fit to lead a state? I don't think so. Not according to the values that America claims that it follows. And so, NPR, get on the front line, take your own video, because you weren't there. So I would like all these major media outlets to quit reprinting lies that are undocumented, undocumented statements from the police. 
All that happened is our security wanted to open that road, because it is a public road. And that's what they said to us when we had our vehicles parked on it. On October 24th they said 'go on' they said 'we need to open the road. It's a public road. Move your cars.' So why can't we move those 3 trucks off the bridge? It's a public road. That's how it all started. 
DB: But those are two burnt trucks? 
CA: That the military forces had placed there themselves. The North Dakota officials put those there and they started them on fire. And before they left they said, 'Please stay away from the vehicles. They have propane inside of them, they're explosive devices.' Which, of course, made everybody to move back from the bridge. And they left them there. And then they put razor wire, which is also unconstitutional. You cannot use that type of razor wire. I mean you only see those in war zones. You don't see them in the United States. But I'm starting to feel we're in a war zone. So it's a battle, people. We need bodies, up front. 
We need the world to know that water is a precious commodity and it is sacred to natives. When you understand its relationship to life you will understand the sacredness of it. And we need your support. We need this economy to stop being the oil and gas industries, it's not good for our country. We need to divest from fossil fuels, and start being a leader in the world by adopting a green policy and getting new jobs for these people who are in the oil industry. Thank you for listening to me. My flight is about to leave. And I'm leaving for ceremony. I'll be in ceremony for four days. And I'll be available after four days. And things will probably change by then too. 
Dennis J Bernstein is a host of 'Flashpoints' on the Pacifica radio network and the author of Special Ed: Voices from a Hidden Classroom . You can access the audio archives at www.flashpoints.net . [To support the DAPL protesters, click here .]
ARTICLE

Philippine's Duterte Seeks Peace November 25, 2016 
Exclusive: Filipino President Duterte oversaw a brutal anti-drug campaign but is now seeking peace with leftist revolutionaries and rejecting U.S. pressure for more counterinsurgency warfare, writes Marjorie Cohn. 
By Marjorie Cohn 
In April 2016, Rodrigo Duterte won the Philippine presidential election by a landslide, with more than 6 million votes. He openly declared that he was the nation's first Left president, calling himself a socialist but not a communist. So far, his regime has been controversial, to put it mildly. 
The U.S. press has focused on Duterte's vicious war on drugs that claimed upwards of 2,000 lives and led to the incarceration of tens of thousands of people. His decision to allow former Filipino dictator Ferdinand Marcos's burial in the National Cemetery of the Heroes also has drawn the ire of those who recall Marcos's brutal two-decade regime that killed more than 3,000, tortured tens of thousands, and stole $10 billion from the Philippines. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte (Photo credit: rodrigo-duterte.com) 
But, significantly, Duterte is engaging with revolutionary forces in the peace process that aims to end 47 years of armed struggle against the repressive Filipino government. And Duterte has taken actions that, for the first time, challenge the longstanding military and economic power of the United States in the Philippines. 
Peace Process With Opposition 
Since 1969, a civil war has been raging in the Philippines. The roots of the armed conflict can be traced to the colonial and neocolonial domination of the Philippines by the Spanish, then U.S. imperialism, feudal exploitation by big landlords and capitalist interests, as well as widespread bureaucratic corruption. After Duterte's election, he cited peace as a top priority of his administration, vowing to engage in peace negotiations with the National Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP). 
According to JustPeacePH, an international platform that supports the Philippine peace process and takes its name from its Internet site, 'justpeace.ph,' 'The daily, systematic and systemic injustice experienced by the people drive them to desire and seek fundamental changes in society through various means. But because the forces against fundamental social change use all means including the instruments and violence of the state to defend the status quo, many Filipinos over many generations have embraced armed struggle to overthrow the ruling system.' 
The NDFP 'is the alliance of progressive forces seeking to bring about fundamental change in the existing social system in the Philippines through armed revolution,' JustPeacePH states in its Primer on Just and Lasting Peace in the Philippines. The NDFP alliance includes trade unions, peasants, youth, women, national minorities, teachers, health workers, religious clergy, the Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP), and the New People's Army. 
Duterte's Peace Initiative 
Two rounds of peace negotiations have already occurred since Duterte took office, with a third scheduled for January 2017 in Oslo, Norway. 
In May, Duterte declared he would release all political prisoners, which number more than 400, through a presidential declaration of amnesty, provided both houses of congress approve. Nineteen NDFP consultants, who have been involved in the revolutionary movement for years, have already been released. 
Duterte offered four cabinet positions to the CCP, but they declined, stating there must first be a comprehensive peace agreement. The CCP, however, recommended a veteran peasant leader who was appointed Secretary of Agrarian Reform and a veteran academic activist leader who was named secretary of social welfare and development. 
'These are major appointments,' Luis Jalandoni, NDFP's Senior Adviser on the Peace Negotiating Panel, told me at a recent conference of the International Association of Democratic Lawyers in Lisbon, Portugal. 
NDFP has a people's army and organs of political power with mass organizations in 71 out of the 81 provinces in the country, Jalandoni said. He noted that landlessness and poverty afflict the 100 million people in the Philippines. 
'The NDFP insists on addressing the roots of the armed conflict in order to achieve a just and lasting peace,' Jalandoni said. 
The demands in the peace talks are: Release of all political prisoners; Land reform for the peasantry (70% of the population); National industrialization to develop the economy using available human and natural resources; Protect the environment and ancestral lands of the indigenous peoples; and Philippine national sovereignty and abrogation of all unequal treaties with the United States. 
Challenging U.S. Power 
U.S. domination and interference in the Philippines date back to 1898, when the United States annexed the Philippines. The U.S. continued to exercise colonial rule over the country until 1946, when the Philippines gained its independence although the United States retained many military installations there and the Filipino economy maintained its dependence on the U.S. President George W. Bush, seen announcing the start of his invasion of Iraq on March 19, 2003, included the Philippines in his 'global war on terror.' 
With U.S. assistance, Marcos ruled the Philippines with an iron fist from 1965 through 1986, under martial law from 1972 to 1981. In 2002, the Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo government developed Oplan Bayanihan, a counterinsurgency program modeled on U.S. strategies. After 9/11, the Bush administration gave Arroyo $100 million to fund that campaign in the Philippines. 
Oplan Bayanihan led to large numbers of extrajudicial killings, forced disappearances, torture and cruel treatment. Many civilians, including children, have been killed. Philippine military and paramilitary death squads murdered hundreds of members of progressive organizations. Communities and leaders opposed to large-scale and invasive mining have been targeted. Even ordinary people with no political affiliation have not escaped the government's reign of terror. 
From 2001 to 2010, the U.S. government provided more than $507 in military assistance to the Philippine government, facilitating tremendous repression. 
Between 2010 and 2015, the Philippine police, military and paramilitary forces perpetrated extrajudicial killings, forced disappearances, torture, illegal arrests and forced evacuation, many to enable extraction by mining companies. 
The 2014 Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement, which President Barack Obama negotiated with Duterte's predecessor, gave U.S. troops the right to prolonged deployment in the Philippines. The agreement is widely seen in the Philippines as a threat to the country's sovereignty. 
In September 2016, Duterte declared, 'I am not a fan of the Americans '¦ Filipinos should be first before everybody else.' He added, 'In our relations to the world, the Philippines will pursue an independent foreign policy. I repeat: The Philippines will pursue an independent foreign policy.' 
The United States has not apologized for all the atrocities it committed against the Filipino people, Duterte said. Responding to U.S. criticism of the Philippines for its human rights violations, he stated, 'Why are you Americans killing the black people there, shooting them down when they are already on the ground.' 
Duterte promised to end joint military maneuvers with U.S. forces and expel the hundreds of U.S. troops currently stationed in the Philippines. He also expressed his intention to end bilateral agreements concluded by his predecessor with the United States and reverse permission for the United States' use of five Philippine military bases. 
'I will break up with America,' Duterte said. 'I would rather go to Russia and to China.' He vowed to rescind joint patrols with U.S. and Filipino forces against Chinese expansion in the disputed South China Sea. Indeed, Duterte recently traveled to China and secured valuable fishing rights for Filipinos in the South China Sea. 
Hope for Peace Prospects 
In an unprecedented development, both the government and the opposition declared unilateral ceasefires in August. But there are still problems with the government's ceasefire, says Jalandoni, as Duterte doesn't have full control of the military. The military and paramilitary forces, which are protected by the military, have engaged in several violations that imperil the ceasefire, he said. 
'There is high optimism that the peace talks will prosper under the presidency of Duterte,' according to JustPeacePH. 'Unlike past presidents who harbor strong anti-communist bias, Duterte seems capable of rethinking the government's peace strategy since he claims to be a socialist.' 
Opposition forces are not uncritical of the excesses in Duterte's war on drugs. The CCP declared the campaign is becoming anti-people and anti-democratic. Due process must be respected, human rights must be upheld; the drug users and small drug dealers, who come from poverty, require rehabilitation and care, the CCP maintains. 
'Understandably, Duterte's war on drugs and other crimes is given more coverage by the global media,' JustPeacePH wrote in its primer. 'But Duterte's aim to establish a lasting peace in the provinces deserves even more attention as this strikes at the root causes of the problem of illegal drugs and related crimes.' 
Jalandoni said, 'Duterte is not a saint but he stands for an independent foreign policy. His stand against the United States is respected and has received a lot of support.' 
The NDFP, Jalandoni noted, says that 'if there are threats against Duterte by U.S. imperialism, the Left will be a reliable ally to him,' adding, 'He is the first president to stand up to the United States.' 
Marjorie Cohn is professor emerita at Thomas Jefferson School of Law, former president of the National Lawyers Guild, and deputy secretary general of the International Association of Democratic Lawyers. She is a member of the International Legal Assistance Team that advises the National Democratic Front of the Philippines on human rights and humanitarian law in their peace negotiations. Her most recent book is Drones and Targeted Killing: Legal, Moral, and Geopolitical Issues. Visit her website at http://marjoriecohn.com/ and follow her on Twitter @marjoriecohn.
