ARTICLE

October 26, 2016 LDS Church's new 'Mormon and Gay' website wins cheers and some jeers for ignoring controversial policy Much has changed for gays and lesbians since 2012 in the U.S. and many parts of the world '” same-sex marriage is legal, for starters '” so the LDS Church decided it was time to redo, revise and reboot its website addressing that population. Among the biggest changes? The letter 's.' The previous site was known as 'Mormons and Gays' '” as if those two groups were separate or even opponents. The one that launched Tuesday is 'Mormon and Gay,' signaling the notion that members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints can be '” and are '” both. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

October 26, 2016 Hillary Clinton and the United Nations on the Same Open Borders Page 
During the last presidential debate, Hillary Clinton was asked about her support for a policy of completely open borders and an end to America's immigration laws. She made the amazing claim that she 'only meant' she wanted open borders for energy policies. Whatever her claims, Hillary Clinton is on the same open borders page as the United Nations. 
During the October 19 debate, GOP nominee Donald Trump noted that, in speeches she gave to high-dollar corporations, Hillary Clinton insisted she was for open borders. 
In a private, richly-paid speech that Hillary delivered to a Brazilian bank on May 16, 2013, she said: 'My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, sometime in the future, with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.' 
The section of Hillary's address to the foreign bankers was confirmed by a release from the hacker site WikiLeaks.
ARTICLE

October 26, 2016 Feds Once Again Threatening States Over REAL ID; 
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security once again ramped up its sabre-rattling routine, threatening that residents in states that have not complied with REAL ID will not be able to use their driver's licenses to board aircraft beginning in 2018. States should ignore the DHS bluster, stand their ground and continue their refusal to implement this unconstitutional national ID program. 

REAL ID essentially coopts the states into creating a national ID system. The federal government has no constitutional authority to mandate a national ID. 

The federal government repeats this song and dance every couple of years, and has done so since Pres. George W. Bush signed REAL ID into law in 2005. Instead of following through on threats the feds simply keep extending their deadlines. 

Under the law, all 50 states were supposed comply with the federal law by 2009. But, states rebelled against REAL ID for several reasons, including privacy concerns and the fact that Congress didn't provide any funding for the mandates it expects states to implement. Some states passed laws expressly prohibiting implementation of the act.
ARTICLE

October 26, 2016 Serbian president: EU's membership conditions 'humiliating' 
Serbia's president has accused the European Union of setting 'humiliating' conditions for the Balkan country's membership. 

Tomislav Nikolic told visiting Slovenian Prime Minister Miro Cerar that Serbia would move to adopt the EU's fundamental principles and values even though the 28-nation bloc is in crisis. 

Nikolic did not say which EU conditions he finds humiliating, but may have been referring to demands from some members for Serbia to recognize the breakaway former province of Kosovo as an independent country. 

Serbia, a traditional ally of Russia, wants to join the EU, but has been under intense pressure from the Kremlin to reconsider. 

Moscow has backed Serbia in its dispute with the West over Kosovo, which declared independence from Serbia in 2008. Belgrade has refused to accept Kosovo's as a separate republic.
ARTICLE

October 26, 2016 Denuclearizing N. Korea a 'lost cause,' US intel chief says Convincing North Korea to abandon nuclear weapons is a 'lost cause,' America's top intelligence official said, causing concern in the State Department and ally South Korea over an issue of long-standing US policy. The United States has always maintained it cannot accept North Korea as a nuclear state and, under President Barack Obama, has made any talks with the North conditional on Pyongyang first making some tangible commitment towards denuclearisation. But in remarks to the Council on Foreign Relations think-tank, US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper on Tuesday suggested such a policy was based on wishful thinking. 'The notion of getting the North Koreans to denuclearize is probably a lost cause. They are not going to do that. That is their ticket to survival,' Clapper said. 'They are under siege, and they are very paranoid. So the notion of giving up their nuclear capability, whatever it is, is a nonstarter with them,' he added.
ARTICLE

October 26, 2016 Another UNESCO vote to disregard Jewish connection to Jerusalem 
In recent days, the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs has acted to achieve the support of the 21 countries to vote against the expected condemnations, but sources in Jerusalem say that the results are already clear, and the committee will almost certainly pass the draft resolution against Israel. 

According to those same sources, the reason for this is that 'troublesome' composition of UNESCO's World Heritage Committee. Countries like Germany, Colombia and Japan, who were part of the committee last year, left and have been replaced by notoriously anti-Israeli countries like Kuwait, Lebanon and Indonesia. 

Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addressed the scheduled vote and said, 'This is the continuation of the theatre of the absurd. Who's really deserving of condemnation is UNESCO's World Heritage Committee, not Israel.'
ARTICLE

October 26, 2016 Knesset Speaker asks Vatican to join battle against UNESCO's denial of history 
The resolution, the Speaker wrote, 'is an assault on history and is deeply offensive to both Christianity and Judaism. The denial of the historicity of the two Jerusalem Temples and the Temple Mount as recounted in both the Old and New Testaments is a terrible indictment of the international community when repeatedly adopted by an important UN body. 
'The outrageous repudiation of the millennia-old bond between Judaism and its holiest shrines in Jerusalem is a blatant attempt to rewrite history,' he added. 'The annals of both our religions cannot be erased by raised hands and counted votes.' 
Edelstein said the time has come for the international community to pass a resolution reaffirming Jerusalem as the holy city for the three major monotheistic religions, 'a city where the two Temples stood and from which the Word of G-d was first promulgated to humanity by our prophets.' 
Education Minister Naftali Bennett called UNESCO's decision 'a denial of history, and history will erase the embarrassing decision.
ARTICLE

October 27, 2016 Palestinian rivals, Mideast regional powers growing uneasy with Abbas 
Saudi Arabia, Egypt and other Arab states are piling pressure on Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to resolve divisions in his Fatah party and with the rival Hamas movement, amid growing concerns about whether Palestinian democracy is under threat. 
Neighboring states, diplomats and major funders fear the festering divisions could lead to conflict, and say the lack of a clear transition process raises questions about what would happen if the 81-year-old Abbas, in power since 2005 despite his mandate expiring, were to die in office. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

October 27, 2016 Russian warships denied fuelling stop in Spain after concern from NATO 
A Russian war fleet, including the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, will not refuel in Spain on their way to Syria after the Nato member cancelled a planned stopover following concerns by the military alliance. 
Moscow has withdrawn a request for three warships to dock at the Spanish port of Ceuta with the Spanish foreign ministry confirming the stopover would not take place. 
 
ARTICLE

October 27, 2016 Jews blamed for Holocaust in UK event slammed by Israeli embassy 
An event at the British Parliament's House of Lords on Tuesday night set the stage for what the Israeli Embassy in London slammed as 'racist tropes,' including accusations of Zionist power over the parliament and Jewish responsibility for the Holocaust. 
The event was hosted at the second chamber of the UK Parliament by former Liberal Democrat party MP Baroness Jennifer Tonge, who has previously been accused of harboring anti-Semitic stances. 
 
ARTICLE

October 27, 2016 Israel recalling UNESCO ambassador 
Following its passing of another controversial resolution seen as anti-Israeli by the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has instructed Israeli Ambassador to UNESCO Carmel Shama-Hacohen to return to Israel for consultation. 
 
ARTICLE

October 28, 2016 Likud deputy minister: Italy earthquakes retribution for UNESCO vote 
Deputy Minister Ayoob Kara (Likud) caused controversy when he blamed two massive earthquakes which hit Italy on Wednesday for the country's vote in favor of a UNESCO resolution disregarding a Jewish connection to the Temple Mount. 

The deputy minister, who was in Italy when the earthquakes hit, ascribed the natural disasters to divine will. 

The resolution itself sparked an outcry in Israel and among the international Jewish community since it disregarded the Jewish connection to its holy sites in Jerusalem. 

Kara headed an Israeli delegation to the Vatican which was sent in an effort to shore up opposition for the resolution. Kara even managed to have a short conversation with the Pope during his visit.
ARTICLE

October 28, 2016 Why is the Vatican silent on UNESCO's war on Jerusalem? 
There have been some political voices denouncing UNESCO's diplomatic and cultural war on Jewish Jerusalem and its Temple Mount, where the Jewish people worshipped for hundreds of years and the focal point of every practicing Jew's prayers. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

October 28, 2016 French Jews urged to rally over UNESCO resolutions 
The main Jewish groups in France urged members to rally in front of the headquarters of the country's Foreign Ministry to protest its failure to oppose UN resolutions that ignore Jewish ties to Jerusalem, JTA reported on Thursday. 
On Wednesday, UNESCO's World Heritage Committee passed a resolution denying the Jewish connection to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem. 
On October 13, the executive board of the UNESCO passed a similar resolution which refers to the Western Wall and the Temple Mount only by their Arabic-language names. 
France was among 26 countries that abstained from voting during the first resolution. 
CRIF, the political lobby group representing French Jewish communities, was joined in a rare move by the Consistoire, French Jewry's organ responsible for religious services, in organizing a protest rally for Thursday opposite the Quai d'Orsay in Paris in reaction to the passing of the two resolutions on Jerusalem. 
'We were shocked by the anti-Israeli obsession of UNESCO and are now revolted by its disavowal of its own values,' CRIF President Francis Kalifat wrote Wednesday in his call for French Jews to rally outside Quai d'Orsay.
ARTICLE

Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton 2016 In Their Own Words 2016 Election Through the Eyes of Prophecy 
By Dave Robbins 

As we approach the presidential election on November 8, 2016 I don't think the candidates could be more divided. 

One is pro-life, the other is pro-choice. One is pro-gun, while the other is anti-gun. One believes global warming is a hoax, and the other claims the science is settled. One wants to build a wall, while the other is essentially for opening the borders. One believes in a traditional marriage between one man and one woman, while the other supports same-sex marriage. And the list goes on and on. 

Each of these issues is certainly important and should be considered before making a final decision on who to vote for in November. 

However, for those who follow prophecy, this upcoming election goes beyond that. Knowing that a world government is prophesied for the near future, one area that we are following closely is the ongoing process of globalization. (moving toward a global governing system) 

It is possible that this upcoming election will set the course of the United States of America on a path toward either full involvement or total dissention from this prophesied world government. If everyone understood the prophecies concerning the future global political authority, the entire election would be determined on that issue alone. That is why we chose to devote an entire article to that subject in this magazine. 

And yes, one candidate is vehemently opposed to globalization, while the other supports it in every way. 

Since the next President of the United States will serve at least a four-year term, and quite possibly eight, we thought it would be important to let you see where each candidate stands on the important issues. 

Why? With all the prophecies converging at the same time, it is likely that the next president will be in office during some of the most significant prophetic fulfillments concerning the end time. 

Although there are more technical issues at hand (i.e. taxes, infrastructure, job creation, etc.), these do not necessarily show the character of an individual. That is why we have chosen the more defining topics which let us see the person behind the persona. In our opinion, these are the most critical. 

Therefore, instead of giving you my opinion, I will let the candidates speak for themselves'¦ Abortion 
Trump: Pro-Life 

Are you pro-life? Mr. Trump, 'Yes'¦It's an issue. I mean it's an issue, and it's a strong issue'¦What I am saying is this: With caveats '“ life of the mother, incest, rape. That's where I stand. So, I'm pro-life, but with the caveats. You have to have it with the caveats.' Pregnancy outside of those caveats? Mr. Trump stated, 'It depends why?' 'I'm, pro-life'¦very simple, pro-life.' [i] 

''¦friends of mine years ago were going to have a child, and it was going to be aborted. And it wasn't aborted. And that child today is a total superstar, a great, great child. And I saw that. And I saw other instances. And I am very, very proud to say that I am pro-life.' [ii] 

Clinton: Pro-Choice 

'Politicians have no business interfering with women's personal health decisions. I will oppose efforts to roll back women's access to reproductive health care, including Republican efforts to defund Planned Parenthood. As president, I'll stand up for Planned Parenthood and women's access to critical health services, including safe, legal abortion,' [iii] 

'The unborn person doesn't have constitutional rights.' [iv] 

'I believe we need to protect access to safe and legal abortion, not just in principle, but in practice.' [v] Climate Change 
Trump: 'It's a Hoax'¦' 

On December 30, 2015, Trump told the crowd at a rally in Hilton Head, S.C., 'Obama's talking about all of this with the global warming and'¦a lot of it's a hoax. It's a hoax. I mean, it's a money-making industry, okay? It's a hoax, a lot of it.' [vi] 

In an 'Energy Policy' speech in North Dakota on May 26, 2016 Trump stated, ''¦rescind all the job-destroying Obama executive actions including the Climate Action Plan'¦We're going to cancel the Paris Climate Agreement and stop all payments of U.S. tax dollars to U.N. global warming programs.' [vii] 

'There has been a big push to develop alternative forms of energy'“so-called green energy'“from renewable sources. That's a big mistake. To begin with, the whole push for renewable energy is being driven by the wrong motivation, the mistaken belief that global climate change is being caused by carbon emissions. If you don't buy that'“and I don't'“then what we have is really just an expensive way of making the tree-huggers feel good about themselves.' [viii] 

Clinton: The Science is Settled. 

'It's hard to believe that people running for president refuse to believe the settled science of climate change.' [ix] 

'I believe in science. I believe that climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean energy jobs.' [x] 

'Go talk to a scientist!' she said. 'I really am tired of the debate, which is a phony debate. Climate change is real. It is here. It has to be dealt with.' [xi] Gun Control 
Trump: Pro-Gun 

'The Second Amendment to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. Period'¦The Second Amendment guarantees a fundamental right that belongs to all law-abiding Americans. The Constitution doesn't create that right '“ it ensures that the government can't take it away. Our Founding Fathers knew, and our Supreme Court has upheld, that the Second Amendment's purpose is to guarantee our right to defend ourselves and our families. This is about self-defense, plain and simple'¦It's been said that the Second Amendment is America's first freedom. That's because the Right to Keep and Bear Arms protects all our other rights. We are the only country in the world that has a Second Amendment.' [xii] 

Clinton: Anti-Gun 

George Stephanopoulos asked, 'Do you believe that an individual's right to bear arms is a constitutional right; that it's not linked to service in a militia?' Mrs. Clinton replied, 'I think that for most of our history there was a nuanced reading of the Second Amendment until the decision by the late Justice (Antonin) Scalia. And there was no argument until then that localities and states and the federal government had a right '“ as we do with every amendment '“ to impose reasonable regulations. So I believe we can have common-sense gun safety measures consistent with the Second Amendment'¦But I'm going to continue to speak out for comprehensive background checks; closing the gun show loophole; closing the online loophole; closing the so-called Charleston loophole; reversing the bill that Sen. (Bernie) Sanders voted for and I voted against, giving immunity from liability to gun makers and sellers. I think all of that can and should be done, and it is, in my view, consistent with the Constitution.' [xiii] 

'When it comes to guns, we have just too many guns,' Clinton said. 'On the streets, in our homes, in our neighborhoods.' [xiv] 

'I am not here to make promises I can't keep. I am here to tell you I will use every single minute of every day, if I am so fortunate enough to be your president, looking for ways that we can save lives, that we can change the gun culture'¦It is just too easy for people to reach for a gun to settle their problems. It makes no sense.' [xv] 

'I was proud when my husband took [the National Rifle Association] on, and we were able to ban assault weapons, but he had to put a sunset on so, 10 years later, of course [President George W.] Bush wouldn't agree to reinstate them'¦We've got to go after this'¦And here again, the Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment. And I am going to make that case every chance I get.' [xvi] 

'I don't know enough details to tell you how we would do it or how it would work, but certainly the Australia example is worth looking at,' Clinton said at a New Hampshire town hall'¦The Australian program reduced the number of firearms in circulation by implementing a gun buy-back plan for citizens. [xvii] Immigration 
Trump: 'I will Build a Great, Great Wall'¦' 

'You cannot have'¦illegal immigration. You don't have a country if you have that'¦As has been stated continuously in the press, people are pouring across our borders unabated. Public reports routinely state great amounts of crime are being committed by illegal immigrants. This must be stopped and it must be stopped now.' [xviii] 

'I will build a great, great wall on our southern border. And I will have Mexico pay for that wall.' [xix] 

Mr. Trump responded to a question on mass deportation: 'No, I would not call it mass deportations'¦We're going to do it (deport illegals) in a very humane fashion. Believe me. I have a bigger heart than you do. We're going to do it in a very humane fashion'¦I want terrorists out. I want people that have bad thoughts out. I would limit specific terrorist countries, and we know who those terrorist countries are.' [xx] 

Clinton: 'We will not Build a Wall.' 

'We will not build a wall. Instead, we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good paying job can get one. And we'll build a path to citizenship for millions of immigrants who are already contributing to our economy'¦I believe that when we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy, it would be self-defeating and inhumane to kick them out.' [xxi] 

'In 2003, I sponsored the DREAMER (sic) Act. I sponsored I think in every Congress after that. I have been consistent and committed to comprehensive immigration reform with a path to citizenship.' [xxii] 

Mrs. Clinton made this statement concerning Syrian refugees: 'We're facing the worst refugee crisis since the end of World War II and I think the United States has to do more'¦I would like to see us move from what is a good start with 10,000 to 65,000 (incoming refugees) and begin immediately to put into place the mechanisms for vetting the people that we would take in.' [xxiii] 

'I would stop (deportations) of the undocumented (illegal) people living in our country,' Clinton responded. 'I do not want to see them deported'¦I want to see them on a path to citizenship. That's exactly what I will do.' [xxiv] 

'You can count on me to defend President Obama's executive actions on DACA and DAPA when I am president,' Clinton said, referring to Obama's 2012 (DACA) and 2014 (DAPA) executive amnesties, which gave work permits and access to federal benefits to millions of illegal immigrants. [xxv] Obamacare 
Trump: ''¦Repeal and Replace Obamacare'¦' 

Speaking at the Iowa Freedom Summit in January 2015, Mr. Trump stated, 'Someone has to repeal and replace Obamacare'¦ (Obamacare is) a total catastrophe. It kicks in in 2016 and it will be a disaster. People are closing shops. Doctors are quitting the business. I have a friend who was a doctor and he says he has more accountants than patients. He needs that because it is complicated and terrible.' [xxvi] 

'We are going to repeal Obamacare. We are going to replace Obamacare with something so much better.' [xxvii] 

Clinton: 'I will Defend the Affordable Care Act'¦' 

'I will defend the Affordable Care Act, but as president I want to go further'¦I want to strengthen the Affordable Care Act.' [xxviii] 

'You know, before it was called Obamacare it was called Hillarycare'¦'I am a staunch supporter of President Obama's principal accomplishment, namely the Affordable Care Act.' [xxix] 

Concerning Obamacare for illegal immigrants: 'There are two steps here. If someone can afford to pay for an insurance policy off the exchanges that were set up under the Affordable Care Act, I support that. If they can afford it, they should be able to go into the marketplace and buy it. However, it is not going to apply to people who are in need of subsidies in order to afford that'¦What I do want to see is that we have more options for undocumented (illegal) people to be able to get the health care they need'¦It's not only the right and moral thing to do for them. It's also important that we keep ourselves healthy, and public health requires that. So I see this as a two-step process.' [xxx] Warrantless Surveillance/Database 
Trump: Bulk Data Collection is Fine 

Mr. Trump said that he would be 'fine' with restoring provisions of the Patriot Act to allow for the bulk data collection. 'As far as I'm concerned, that would be fine,' Trump said. [xxxi] 

Mr. Trump also told the Daily Signal , 'I support legislation which allows the NSA to hold the bulk metadata. For oversight, I propose that a court, which is available any time on any day, is created to issue individual rulings on when this metadata can be accessed.' [xxxii] 

Clinton: Does not Regret Her Vote on Patriot Act 

Concerning plans for expanded online surveillance of potential extremist attackers: 'We already know we need more resources for this fight. The professionals who keep us safe would be the first to say we need better intelligence to discover and disrupt terrorist plots before they can be carried out'¦That's why I've proposed an '˜intelligence surge' to bolster our capabilities across the board, with appropriate safeguards here at home.' [xxxiii] 

During the Democratic Presidential debate on October 13, 2015 Anderson Cooper asked: 'Governor Chafee, you and Hillary Clinton both voted for the Patriot Act which created the NSA surveillance program. You've emphasized civil liberties, privacy during your campaign'¦Secretary Clinton, do you regret your vote on the Patriot Act?' 

Clinton replied, 'No, I don't. I think that it was necessary to make sure that we were able after 9/11 to put in place the security that we needed. And it is true that it did require that there be a process. What happened, however, is that the Bush administration began to chip away at that process. And I began to speak out about their use of warrantless surveillance and the other behavior that they engaged in. We always have to keep the balance of civil liberties, privacy and security. It's not easy in a democracy, but we have to keep it in mind.' [xxxiv] 

'Well, the NSA has to act lawfully. And we as a country have to decide what the rules are. And then we have to make it absolutely clear that we're going to hold them accountable. What we had because of post-9/11 legislation was a lot more flexibility than I think people really understood, and was not explained to them.' [xxxv] Real ID/National ID
ARTICLE

Open Line 223 Deciding America's Future 
The present presidential election boils down to a decision concerning America's future. Will we continue down the path to global governance or will we reverse our direction and see the restoration of American sovereignty? Will we return to the Judeo-Christian values upon which this nation was built or will we merge America into a New Secular Order? Some people have expressed that only a miracle can reverse the damage that has been done to the American dream and to return us to the right path. Millions are praying that God will grant to us just such a miracle. Could God send a miracle at this critical time? Eleven days from now, we will all find out. It's open line today on End of the Age.
ARTICLE

October 28, 2016 Susan Rice: U.S. Must Integrate LGBT Rights into Gov't and Foreign Policy 
National Security Advisor Susan Rice told students at American University in a speech on LGBT rights Wednesday that the 'United States must continue to integrate LGBT rights into our government and foreign policy,' including 'creating a more diverse national security workforce.' 
'This is an issue that I'm particularly passionate about, and one that President Obama has prioritized,' Rice said, 'because without tapping America's full range of races, religions, ethnicities, social and economic experiences'”without embracing people of every sexual orientation and gender identity'”we're leading in a complex world with one hand tied behind our back.' 
Rice, who once served as U.S. ambassador to the U.N., said that 'whether we are talking about race, religion, sexual orientation or gender identity, this fight for equal rights is what our history and values demand.'
ARTICLE

October 28, 2016 Let's Be Clear'”A Vote for Warmonger Hillary Clinton Is a Vote for World War 3 
If you want to see war without end, vote for Hillary Clinton. 
It is tremendously ironic that Hillary Clinton and the mainstream media have attempted to portray Donald Trump as 'dangerous' and 'temperamental' because it is Clinton who actually has a long history of being emotionally unstable. She has a temper that is absolutely legendary, and she has been cussing out the men and women in her security detail for decades. 
Hillary Clinton played a key role in starting the civil war in Syria, thanks to her Libya is a post-apocalyptic wasteland today, and now she is picking a fight with the Russians before she has even won the election. Of all the candidates there were running for president this election cycle, there was nobody that was even close to as dangerous as Hillary Clinton, and if she wins the election, I am fully convinced that World War III will begin before her time in the White House is over. 
Someone that shares this opinion with me is Donald Trump. According to Reuters, Trump recently stated that we are 'going to end up in World War III over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton':
ARTICLE

October 28, 2016 Venezuela crisis enters dangerous phase as Maduro foes go militant In a curious convergence of events on the same day last week, four Venezuelan provincial courts issued identical rulings, state governors quickly hit Twitter to celebrate, then the election board emailed a short but bombshell statement. Opposition hopes for a referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro were dashed, on grounds of fraud in an initial signature drive. The vote was off. For many in the opposition, that settled a years-old debate about the nature of Venezuela's socialist government, uniting them in conviction they are now fighting a dictatorship. Their new militancy heightens the risk of unrest as the South American OPEC member of 30 million people grapples with a dangerous economic and political crisis. 'Can anyone in the world now really doubt that Venezuela is living in tyranny?' said housewife Mabel Pinate, 62, dressed in white among thousands of protesters who took to the streets against Maduro on Wednesday. 'We are sick of this. It's time to toughen up and do what we must to save Venezuela,' added Pinate, whose husband was fired from state oil company PDVSA by Maduro's predecessor Hugo Chavez and whose two children have gone abroad.
ARTICLE

October 31, 2016 BBC Under Fire for 'Transgender Diaries' Program Aimed at Children as Young as Six 
The BBC has come in for a slew of criticism for broadcasting a program aimed at children as young as six, which tells the story of a school boy as he prepares to transition to a girl. 
The program, broadcast on CBBC, follows a boy as he attempts to access drugs to delay the onset of puberty, as part of the process for having an eventual sex change, the Mail on Sunday has reported. 
MPs and campaigners have questioned the appropriateness of telling such a story to young children, who may be easily confused by what they are watching. One mother, commenting on the program on the parenting site Mumsnet, said her daughter had questioned her gender identity and asked her 'anxiously, if that means she was a boy'. 
But the BBC has defended the show, insisting that it was merely trying to 'reflect true life'. It said there was enough context for children to understand the theme. 
Norman Wells, a family campaigner disagreed. He said: 'It is irresponsible of the BBC to introduce impressionable children as young as six to the idea that they can choose to be something other than their biological sex.'
ARTICLE

October 31, 2016 Clinton emails: FBI chief may have broken law, says top Democrat The Democratic leader in the US Senate says the head of the FBI may have broken the law by revealing the bureau was investigating emails possibly linked to Hillary Clinton. 
Harry Reid accused FBI director James Comey of violating an act which bars officials from influencing an election. 
News of the FBI inquiry comes less than two weeks before the US election. 
The bureau has meanwhile obtained a warrant to search a cache of emails belonging to a top Clinton aide. 
Emails from Huma Abedin are believed to have been found on the laptop of her estranged husband, former congressman Anthony Weiner. 
There are reportedly 650,000 emails to search through on the laptop, making it unlikely investigators can give a verdict on them before election day. 
Mr Reid also accused Mr Comey of withholding 'explosive information about close ties between [Republican candidate] Donald Trump, his top advisers, and the Russian government'.
ARTICLE

October 31, 2016 FBI in Internal Feud Over Hillary Clinton Probe The surprise disclosure that agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation are taking a new look at Hillary Clinton's email use lays bare, just days before the election, tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

October 31, 2016 Hillary Clinton demands answers and Democrats call foul 
he FBI has announced it is investigating new emails sent by Hillary Clinton on a private server during her time as Secretary of State, sending her campaign into panic mode just 11 days before the presidential election. The emails were found during an investigation into illicit text messages between Anthony Weiner, a former congressman, and a 15-year-old girl, according to The New York Times . Huma Abedin, Mr Weiner's wife, is one of Mrs Clinton's closest aides and was pictured with her on Friday as the news broke. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

Halloween and The One World Religion The Meaning of Halloween 
Christian fundamentalism is a 'malignant form of Christianity' more dangerous than Islamic terrorism, scholar says '“ The Blaze 
A humanist scholar has declared Christian fundamentalism more dangerous than Islamic terrorism, the Chicago Maroon reported. 
Catherine M. Wallace, an author and faculty member at Northwestern's Feinberg School of Medicine, told an audience last week near the University of Chicago that a Christian fundamentalist 'in control of nuclear codes was a much, much greater threat' than Islamic terrorists who 'need to put bombs on their own children and send young men in to kill themselves' in order to 'blow up a concert,' the paper said. 
Wallace '” a historian and 'Christian humanist,' the Maroon said '” noted that Christian fundamentalism has roots in the American South: 'The religious right in its most contemporary form has an origin in Southern opposition to desegregation and to the Civil Rights Movement '¦ a transparently racist appeal.' 
She added that radicalism comes from a literal interpretation of the Bible. 'Nobody in the ancient world would have read the Bible literally,' she said, the Maroon reported, adding that a literal reading of scripture is a modern construct. 
'Christian fundamentalism is a malignant form of Christianity,' Wallace said, 
Christian Fundamentalism '“ Collins English Dictionary states, 'Is the belief that every word of the Bible is divinely inspired and therefore true and advocates strict adherence to the fundamental principles of that set of beliefs. 
Jesus and the Apostles would be considered fundamentalists. 
John 8:24 Jesus said, 'I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.' 
John 10:1, 'Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber.' 
Acts 4:12, 'Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.' 
In 2016, I am a fundamentalist. I believe that the Bible is the word of God, that it is the absolute truth and that it requires strict adherence to the doctrines taught in the Bible to be saved. 
Matthew 24:3-4, 'And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?' 
In response to this question, the first words out of Jesus' mouth were, ''¦Take heed that no man deceive you.' 
Never forget: 'A strict adherence to the doctrines taught in the Bible is absolutely essential for salvation.' Join the Conversation
ARTICLE

October 31, 2016 Powerful earthquake hits central Italy for the third time 
A powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.6 has rocked the same area of central and southern Italy hit by quake in August and a pair of aftershocks last week, sending already quake-damaged buildings crumbling after a week of temblors that have left thousands homeless. 
There were no immediate reports of injuries or deaths. Residents already rattled by a constant trembling of the earth rushed into piazzas and streets after being roused from bed by Sunday's 7:40am quake. Many people still had been sleeping in cars or evacuated to shelters or hotels in other areas after a pair of strong jolts last Wednesday. 

Television images showed nuns rushing out of their church and into the main piazza in Norcia as the clock tower appeared about to crumble.
ARTICLE

November 1, 2016 Iranians arrested after celebrating ancient Persian king Cyrus the Great 
Iran's Islamic Republic has arrested the organizers of a march last week near the tomb of the ancient Persian king Cyrus the Great that attracted thousands of people celebrating the country's pre-Islamic glory. 
Crowds of mostly young Iranians attended the march near the ancient city of Pasargadae in central province of Fars on Friday to celebrate the day unofficially marked in the Iranian calendar as Cyrus Day. 
 
ARTICLE

November 1, 2016 Half of Russians fear Syria could spark World War III 
Nearly half of Russians fear that Moscow's bombing campaign in Syria could spark World War III, a poll showed Monday. 
Moscow, an ally of Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad, has been staging bombing raids in Syria since September 2015. 
Forty-eight percent of Russians were concerned that 'heightened tensions in relations between Russia and the West could grow into World War III,' according to a poll conducted by independent pollster Levada Centre last week. 
That figure was up from 29 percent in July this year. 
Moscow's air strikes have negatively affected the way Russia is perceived internationally, 32 percent said, up from 16 percent in November. 
 
ARTICLE

November 1, 2016 NATO, RUSSIA TO HOLD PARALLEL DRILLS IN THE BALKANS NATO is holding an emergency exercise drill in Montenegro while Russian troops will participate in a war game in Serbia as the two Balkan neighbors seem to be heading in different directions strategically. The five-day drill in Montenegro that started Monday includes fighting floods and chemical attacks. It will involve 680 unarmed personnel from seven NATO countries and 10 partner states. The 13-day armed exercise in Serbia, dubbed 'The Slavic Brotherhood 2016,' begins Wednesday. It will include 150 Russian paratroopers, 50 air force staffers, 3 transport planes and an unspecified number of troops from Serbia and Belarus, Russia's Defense Ministry said. 
 
ARTICLE

November 1, 2016 Israel to build new settler homes in Shiloh, despite US objections 
Israel intends to move ahead with plans to construct 98 new homes in the West Bank settlement of Shiloh, despite harsh United States objections to the plan. 
On Monday the state informed the High Court of Justice it awaited final bureaucratic approval to develop the site within six months as a relocation option for the 40 families from the Amona outpost. 
 
ARTICLE

November 1, 2016 Obama's Israel Surprise? 
The Middle East has few bright spots these days, but one is the budding rapprochement between Israel and its Sunni Arab neighbors, including Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, thanks to shared threats from Iran and Islamic State. Now the Obama Administration may have plans to wreck even that. 
 
ARTICLE

November 1, 2016 South China Sea: Australia considers joint naval patrols with Indonesia 
Australia is considering joint naval patrols with Indonesia in the contested South China Sea, the Australian foreign minister, Julie Bishop confirmed on Tuesday. 
Bishop said Indonesia's request for joint patrols at a bilateral meeting in Bali last week was 'consistent with our policies of exercising our right of freedom of navigation'. 
'That's in accordance with international law and our support for peace and stability in the region,' Bishop told ABC radio. 
Australia has previously drawn criticism from China for running surveillance flights over disputed islands in the South China Sea and supporting US freedom of navigation exercises there. 
China, which claims almost the entire South China Sea, last month urged Australia to 'speak and act cautiously' on the issue.
ARTICLE

November 1, 2016 US calls for end to Saudi airstrikes in Yemen 
The US has called for an end to airstrikes by a Saudi-led coalition in Yemen at a UN security council meeting, but critics pointed out that Washington continues to supply arms and provide other military support to Saudi Arabia. 
The US ambassador to the UN, Samantha Power, condemned missile attacks by Yemeni Houthi rebels on Saudi Arabia and said the kingdom had a right to defend itself. 
But she added: 'It is also incumbent on the Saudi-led coalition and the forces of the Yemeni government to refrain from taking steps that escalate this violence and to commit to the cessation of hostilities. 
'After 19 months of fighting, it should be clear that there is absolutely no military solution to this conflict. Airstrikes that hit schools, hospitals and other civilian objects have to stop. In many cases these strikes have damaged key infrastructure that is essential to delivering humanitarian aid in Yemen.'
ARTICLE

November 1, 2016 Pope Francis Commemorates 500th Anniversary Of Protestant Reformation 
Pope Francis is in Sweden to kick off the commemoration of 500 years since the Protestant Reformation. The reformation started in 1517 when Martin Luther nailed 95 theses to the church door to denounce what he saw as abuses by the Catholic Church. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 1, 2016 UN Chief urges South Africa to reconsider quitting ICC 
The United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon regretted the South Africa's decision to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) and expressed hope that it would reconsider the decision before the withdrawal takes effect. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 1, 2016 EU member states approve Canada trade deal 
EU member states have officially endorsed the landmark Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) with Canada, the European Council says. 
'I am delighted to confirm that the EU is ready to sign the comprehensive economic and trade agreement with Canada,' said Slovakian Prime Minister Robert Fico. Slovakia currently holds the EU's rotating presidency. 
'It represents a milestone in the EU's trade policy and our commitment to it,' Fico said in a statement, calling it a 'modern and progressive deal, opening the door to new opportunities, while protecting important interests. Moreover, it has the potential to set the way forward for future trade deals.' 
Earlier on Friday, Belgium's regional parliament of Wallonia gave the go-ahead for the country to approve the deal after its opposition to the accord scuppered this week's planned signing ceremony.
ARTICLE

November 2, 2016 Will Obama recognize Palestinian state? 
US President Barack Obama will be stepping down from eight years in office in January, but not before at least one more last ditch effort to save a foreign policy legacy marred by failure. 

According to Foundation for the Defense of Democracies Vice President Jonathan Schanzer, the White House try one more last ditch effort to solve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, making moves ranging from sanctioning US citizens who do business with Israeli settlements all the way to possibly recognizing a Palestinian state. 

Speaking to the Wall Street Journal, Schanzer said that the Obama administration's first course of action might be to adopt a UN Security Council Resolution condemning the settlements. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 2, 2016 Sweden on the brink? Police force pushed to breaking point by violence amid migrant influx 
The Scandinavian country is facing an existential crisis with on average three police officers handing in their resignations a day. 
If the alarming trend continues, and police officers continue to resign more than 1,000 officers will have quit the service by New Years. 
Since the migrant crisis began last summer, Sweden has been hit by a series of brutal crimes and violent incidents. 
In 2015 alone Sweden, with a population of 9.5million, received over 160,000 asylum applications and the country is expected to take as many as 190,000 refugees, or two per cent of the population, by the end of 2016. 
 
ARTICLE

November 2, 2016 Clinton and Trump offer diverse ME scenarios 
Whoever is elected US president on Nov. 8, he or she will land in the middle of a foreign policy shambles and face a pressing need to rebuild America's fences in most parts of the world, including the war-ridden, messy Middle East. The Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and her Republican rival Donald Trump, whose approaches are so different in every respect, will both find it impossible to isolate America from the Middle East 
DEBKA file 's military and intelligence experts postulate divergent developments in response to the alternative results of the Nov. 8 presidential election, depending on the winner. 
 
ARTICLE

November 2, 2016 Iranian Military Sending Elite Fighters Into U.S., Europe 
The Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps, the country's elite military force, is sending assets to infiltrate the United States and Europe at the direction of Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, according to recent Farsi-language comments from an Iranian military leader. 
The IRGC 'will be in the U.S. and Europe very soon,' according to the Iranian military commander, who said that these forces would operate with the goal of bolstering Iran's hardline regime and thwarting potential plots against the Islamic Republic. 
'The whole world should know that the IRGC will be in the U.S. and Europe very soon,' Salar Abnoush, deputy coordinator of Iran's Khatam-al-Anbia Garrison, an IRGC command front, was quoted as saying in an Iranian state-controlled publication closely tied to the IRGC. 
The military leader's comments come as Iran is spending great amounts of money to upgrade its military hardware and bolster its presence throughout the Middle East and beyond. Iran intends to spend billions to purchase U.S.-made planes that are likely to be converted for use in its air force. 
Congressional leaders and others suspect that Iran has used a large portion of the cash windfall it received as a result of last summer's nuclear agreement to upgrade its fighting capabilities war machine.
ARTICLE

STUNNER: CHRISTIANS BANNED FROM CHRISTIAN CHURCH 
For the same reason '“ a forced conversion to a mosque. 
It's happening as the Islamist agenda of Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdogan advances. 
The recent forced move came against the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul, often described as one of the most beautiful buildings in the world. 
'Islamists have detested that fact for years,' reported Michael Van Der Galien at PJ Media. 
'After all, it is a Christian church, and therefore a Christian symbol. That's why the Ottoman Turks wasted little time transforming the church into a mosque when they invaded and conquered Constantinople (Istanbul) centuries ago. Christian symbols and works of art were destroyed or covered, and a dominating tower was built from which the Islamic call to prayer could be sung.' 
He explained, 'The Ottomans did that because they wanted to show Christians that, from then onwards, Islam was in power. Christianity would be subjugated.' Read more at http://www.wnd.com/2016/11/turkeys-descent-into-islamist-tyranny-deepens/#Du0BeTVXDtrtp7q5.99
ARTICLE

November 2, 2016 Evangelicals Across The Spectrum Are Clarifying Marriage As A Core Belief Marriage, as Jesus defines it in Matthew 19'”where a man leaves his father and mother and joins with his wife in covenant marriage'”is a core evangelical belief. It might not seem that way these days, when we hear of a few people making news by changing their views on sexuality and marriage, but we are in a season of one evangelical organization after another feeling the need to make clear their position on marriage. That's the bigger story than the celebrity of the moment. Evangelical organizations across the spectrum are making clear where they stand on marriage. For some, particularly conservative Evangelicals, this view was already evident, but perhaps this is most difficult in the progressive wing of Evangelicals. Organizations like Fuller Seminary, InterVarsity, the Vineyard, and World Vision are all known for their progressive views on gender, race, and social justice.
ARTICLE

UN Plan for World Government The 'New Urban Agenda' 
Have you heard of the 'New Urban Agenda'? You haven't? Well, don't worry about it then. After all, what you don't know can't hurt you'”right? Wrong! The United Nations has a plan for global governance. If you don't know what global governance means, let's just call it what it really is'”world government. The overall plan is called Sustainable Development. Sustainable Development defines the goals that all nations should attain by 2030. The plan focuses largely on cities since a large percentage of the world's population now lives in cities; thus the New Urban Agenda. The UN has a completely developed plan for world government and intends for every person on earth to be under its control. Will the United States become a part of the coming one-world government? That may depend on how we vote on November 8th. We'll explain further on today's edition of End of the Age.
ARTICLE

November 2, 2016 Networks Continue to Ignore Obamacare Collapse 
Bill Clinton's startling description of Obamacare earlier this month as a 'crazy system' yanked the Big Three broadcast networks out of the blackout of bad news about the health care reform law '” but only a little. 
According to a new study by the Media Research Center, which tracks left-wing bias in the news, the nightly news broadcasts and ABC, NBC, and CBS combined have devoted just 10 minutes and 21 seconds on the Affordable Care Act since the beginning of the year. Most of it has come since the former president made his controversial comments on Oct. 3. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 3, 2016 Mind-blowing Bible translating taking place 
A missionary is seeing first-hand how new technology is accelerating the trace of Bible translation like never before. 
Mark Thrash works with Wycliffe Associates traveling the world installing hi-tech computer equipment for national translators in an effort to greatly expedite the process. He says it used to take 20 to 40 years to translate the Bible in a heart language, but now it can be done in weeks. 
Thrash tells OneNewsNow about an experience with 121 church leaders in a Southeast Asian country. 
'They worked 8-12 hours a day for a month, and they got a solid draft of the entire Bible, Old and New Testament, done,' he details. 'I don't know about you, but that completely blows my mind.' 
And he believes that demonstrates how God's Word is a treasure.
ARTICLE

November 3, 2016 Ancient mosque inscription confirms Jerusalem Temple 
The Mosque of Umar, located in the village of Nuba, about 16 miles south of Jerusalem, is believed by locals to have been built by Caliph Umar ibn al-Khattab, under whose rule Arab armies conquered Jerusalem and the rest of Byzantine Palestine in the mid-7th century, reported the Times of Israel. His successor, Abd al-Malik, the fifth caliph, built the better-known Dome of the Rock atop the Temple Mount in A.D. 691. 
A recently studied limestone dedicatory plaque in the Nuba mosque describes the village as an endowment for the Al-Aqsa Mosque and the Dome of the Rock, but what is notable is it refers to the Dome of the Rock as 'the rock of the Bayt al-Maqdis' '“ 'Holy Temple' '“ the literal translation of the Hebrew term used by early Muslims for the city of Jerusalem and the Temple Mount's gold-dome shrine. 
The stone bearing the inscription sits above the mosque's niche that faces toward Mecca. 
It reads: 'In the name of God the merciful, the compassionate, this territory, Nuba, and all its boundaries and its entire area, is an endowment to the Rock of Bayt al-Maqdis and the al-Aqsa Mosque, as it was dedicated by the Commander of the Faithful, Umar ibn al-Khattab for the glory of Allah.'
ARTICLE

November 3, 2016 Pope Francis Warns Nations Not to Take in More Refugees Than They Can Assimilate 
In an unusually nuanced discourse, Pope Francis has seemed to walk back earlier statements encouraging European nations to open their doors to migrants and refugees, suggesting that harboring unassimilated migrants can lead to a dangerous 'ghettoization.' During the short papal press conference on the return flight from Sweden to Rome Tuesday, the Pope expressed his belief that people's hearts should be open to migrants and refugees, but that political authorities need to exercise prudence so as not to allow more migrants into the country than can be reasonably assimilated. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

Transcripts November 3, 2016 Obama: 'It's Because of You That a Marine Can Serve His Country Without Hiding the Husband He Loves' 
Speaking at the University of North Carolina this afternoon, President Barack Obama told voters it was because of them that millions of people had health care who did not have it before and Marines could enter publicly into same-sex marriages. 
'It is because of you that millions of people have health care today that didn't have it before,' Obama said. 'It is because of you that millions of young people are going to college that couldn't afford it before. It's because of you that a Marine can serve his country without hiding the husband he loves. It is because of you that more young immigrants came out of the shadows and are serving our country.'
ARTICLE

November 3, 2016 FBI's Clinton Foundation investigation now 'a very high priority,' sources say 
The FBI's investigation into the Clinton Foundation that has been going on for more than a year has now taken a 'very high priority,' separate sources with intimate knowledge of the probe tell Fox News. 
FBI agents have interviewed and re-interviewed multiple people on the foundation case, which is looking into possible pay for play interaction between then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. The FBI's White Collar Crime Division is handling the investigation. 
Even before the WikiLeaks dumps of alleged emails linked to the Clinton campaign, FBI agents had collected a great deal of evidence, law enforcement sources tell Fox News. 
'There is an avalanche of new information coming in every day,' one source told Fox News, who added some of the new information is coming from the WikiLeaks documents and new emails. 
FBI agents are 'actively and aggressively pursuing this case,' and will be going back and interviewing the same people again, some for the third time, sources said.
ARTICLE

November 3, 2016 Obama Faults F.B.I. on Emails, Citing 'Incomplete Information' 
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. '” President Obama threw the power of the White House behind Hillary Clinton on Wednesday. He faulted how the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, handled new emails related to the investigation into Mrs. Clinton's private server, and then shouted out to college students here in a pivotal battleground state that it was crucial that they vote because the 'fate of the world is teetering.' 
Mr. Obama's comments about Mr. Comey, broadcast early in the day as recent polls showed a tightening race, were striking for a president who has insisted he does not comment on F.B.I. investigations. But Mr. Obama appeared to be doing exactly that in implicitly criticizing Mr. Comey's decision to send a vague letter last week to Congress '” and by extension, the public '” informing lawmakers about a discovery of new emails related to Mrs. Clinton's use of a private server as secretary of state. 
'We don't operate on incomplete information,' Mr. Obama said in an interview with NowThis News. 'We don't operate on leaks. We operate based on concrete decisions that are made.'
ARTICLE

The Possible Identity of the 3 Ribs Bones of Contention 
Daniel 7 foretells a nation that will be on the earth just prior to the Second Coming of Jesus Christ, symbolized as a bear (Russia) with three ribs in its mouth. We will discuss the possible identity of the three ribs on today's edition of End of the Age! Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 4, 2016 'The FBI is Trumpland': anti-Clinton atmosphere spurred leaking, sources say 
Deep antipathy to Hillary Clinton exists within the FBI, multiple bureau sources have told the Guardian, spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election. 
Current and former FBI officials, none of whom were willing or cleared to speak on the record, have described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director James Comey's July decision not to recommend an indictment over Clinton's maintenance of a private email server on which classified information transited. 
'The FBI is Trumpland,' said one current agent. 
This atmosphere raises major questions about how Comey and the bureau he is slated to run for the next seven years can work with Clinton should she win the White House.
ARTICLE

November 4, 2016 Landmark Paris Climate Agreement Takes Formal Effect 
The most significant international agreement to combat climate change took effect Thursday evening'”midnight in Europe'”just days before international climate negotiators were set to meet in Morocco to chart a path forward on the issue. 
The Paris Agreement's entry into force comes a month after countries representing 55% of the world's emissions committed to joining the deal'”the level required to put the agreement into action'”and less than a year after negotiators from nearly 200 countries agreed to the specifics of the text at the 2015 U.N. climate summit. Next week's meeting in Marrakech will provide the first opportunity since that summit in Paris for all parties to the agreement to iron out implementation details.
ARTICLE

November 4, 2016 GOP senators warn negotiators: US climate goals might not last 
A group of Republican senators on Thursday advised American negotiators to warn their international counterparts that President Obama's climate goals might not survive the next administration. 
In a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry, the senators, led by Environment and Public Works Committee Chairman James Inhofe (R-Okla.), noted that American commitments to the international Paris climate deal aren't binding and could be undone by an unfriendly Congress or Republican presidential administration. 
'Joining international agreements using 'sole executive agreement authority' leaves the door open for any future administration to alter its course,' the senators wrote. 'Understanding this is especially important in the context of climate change policies, because Congress's unwillingness to support the president's international efforts is not the result of gridlock '” it is the result of explicit opposition.'
ARTICLE

November 4, 2016 For our freedom and yours 
IF EUROPEAN history once seemed to have arrived at its terminus in 1989, it has sped off in a new direction in Poland. After winning the country's first post-1989 outright majority in elections one year ago, the populist Law and Justice party (PiS) immediately set about undermining independent checks on its power, from the constitutional court to public media. Such antics would disqualify an aspirant from membership of the European Union, but it is harder to punish miscreants once they are inside. Surrounded by problems outside its borders, from Russia to Turkey to Libya, the EU now confronts a particularly chewy one within. 
Outsiders sometimes lump Poland's government in with the other populists making the running in much of western Europe. But while it shares their hostility to outsiders and taste for economic statism, PiS is a very Polish phenomenon. Its chairman, Jaroslaw Kaczynski, who runs the country from the party's headquarters (the prime minister, Beata Szydlo, is a cipher who does her leader's bidding), is fixed on completing what he considers an unfinished revolution. Mr Kaczynski believes the Polish state was captured by a cosy, treacherous elite after 1989, with the connivance of the EU. His aim is to overturn and replace it.
ARTICLE

November 4, 2016 US on alert for terror strikes around elections 
Following threats from Al Qaeda and ISIS, US security authorities have warned officials in New York, Texas and Virginia about possible attacks by al Qaeda or ISIS in the run-up to Election Day on Nov. 8. No specific locations were mentioned. However, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates airports, tunnels and bridges around New York City said they will continue with 'high level of patrols' in the four days leading up to and after Tuesday's vote. 'The FBI, working with our federal, state and local counterparts, shares and assesses intelligence on a daily basis and will continue to work closely with law enforcement and intelligence community partners to identify and disrupt any potential threat to public safety' the Bureau said Friday. The terror alert came a day after DEBKAfile's intelligence and counterterrorism sources reported that Islamists may be planning terrorist attacks to occur around the time of the presidential election. After checking out the information, the FBI and Homeland Security Department decided to alert the public to a possible Al Qaeda/ISIS terrorist threat.
ARTICLE

November 4, 2016 Turkey Rounds Up Erdogan's Political Opponents as Crackdown Widens 
Salahhatin Demirtas, once hailed as the 'Kurdish Obama,' among the pro-Kurdish opposition lawmakers held on Friday 
A Turkish court placed the two leaders of a major pro-Kurdish opposition party under arrest on Friday in a dramatic widening of a political crackdown that followed July's failed military coup that will raise concerns about the future of Turkey's parliamentary democracy. 
Police detained the co-chairs of the Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP), Selahhatin Demirtas and Figen Yuksekdag, early on Friday morning along with nine other lawmakers. The measures against pro-Kurdish officials more than three months after president Recep Tayyip Erdogan narrowly survived an attempt by part of the military to seize power on July 15 could also open a new season of conflict with armed Kurdish insurgents. Hours after the arrests, a car bombing reportedly killed at least eight people in the city of Diyarbakir, the largest city in the Kurdish-majority southeast of Turkey.
ARTICLE

Pre-recorded: World Government Forming Now! One World Government 
When we read the prophecies of the Bible, it is so easy to think that they pertain to some other people during another time and another place. It is sometimes difficult to believe that these 2,000 year-old prophecies are talking about this time, our world and about us '” now! But this is the case. The prophesied one-world government is being formed on earth at this very time. The word globalization means exactly what it says. It is the process of transitioning the entire world into a global government. When we hear about international law, it is referring to the laws of the international government. When we hear about the World Court, it is referring to the court system that has been created to enforce the laws of the world governmental system. The World Bank, the World Trade Organization, the World Health Organization'” all of these powerful world institutions are exactly what they say they are. They are all components of the one-world government'”the world government prophesied for the end time over 2,000 years ago. Join the Conversation
ARTICLE

November 7, 2016 US faces host of global threats during transition until next president 
Sharks are circling as the US prepares to vote, on the lookout for signs of American weakness and indecision around the world during the months-long transition period until the next president is firmly established in the White House. Call it a window of vulnerability. 
No matter whether Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump wins on Tuesday, Barack Obama bequeaths a world fraught with danger. From Asia to the Middle East and eastern Europe, governments and forces hostile to US and the west may try to exploit America's power vacuum. 
The problem is not new. Unlike in Britain, the US constitution does not allow a quick handover. Clinton or Trump will be sworn in at noon on 20 January 2017. Until then Obama remains in office, but as a 'lame duck' president his wishes are increasingly irrelevant. 
Once installed, it can still take months for the new incumbent to establish his or her authority and complete thousands of appointments. The most important, such as national security adviser and the secretaries of defence and state, must be confirmed by Congress. This can be a contentious, lengthy process.
ARTICLE

The Antichrist and False Prophet Two Individuals Will Rule the World 
The Bible prophecies that two individuals will rule over a system of world government just before the Battle of Armageddon and the Second Coming of Jesus to the earth. One will be a political leader, and the other will be a religious leader. This prophecy lets us know that these two people will come out of the reborn Holy Roman Empire. The Holy Roman Empire was reborn on November 3, 2009. This video gives proof that the powerbase of the Antichrist is now established and awaiting his arrival. Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 7, 2016 'We never denied Israel's right to Jerusalem, Temple Mount' 
Levy quizzed him about those controversial issues as well as his support for Syrian President Basher Assad and charges that his country had intervened in the US elections. 
How does Russia explain its support of the UNESCO vote 'to disregard the historic connection between the Jewish people and the Temple Mount in Jerusalem,' Levy asked Medvedev. 
The issue had been blown out of proportion, he responded speaking in Russian, with a Hebrew translation by Channel 2. 
There have been some ten votes by UNESCO Boards and Committees on such Jerusalem resolutions, Medvedev said. 
'There is nothing new here,' he said, as he dismissed the significance of UNESCO texts that refer to the Temple Mount solely by its Muslim name of Al Haram Al Sharif. 
'Our country has never denied the rights of Israel or the Jewish people to Jerusalem, the Temple Mount or the Western Wall,' Medvedev said. 
'Therefore there is no need to politicize this decision,' Medvedev said, adding that such resolutions, were 'not directed against Israel.' 
Similarly, he said, there was nothing contradictory in Russia's sale and shipment of the advanced S-300 advanced surface to air missile defense system to Iran.
ARTICLE

November 7, 2016 In UNESCO, Palestinians claim ownership of Dead Sea Scrolls 
The Palestinian Authority is planning to claim ownership of the Dead Sea Scrolls and demand that UNESCO order Israel to surrender the artifacts, Israel Hayom learned over the weekend. 
Discovered in the Qumran Caves in the eastern Judean Desert between 1947 and 1956, the scrolls '” a trove of 981 different texts dating back to the time of the Second Temple '” are believed to be the work of members of a Jewish sect known as the Essenes. 
The majority of the scrolls are written in Hebrew, some are written in the Aramaic dialects common to the area at that time, and a handful of parchments are written in Greek. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 8, 2016 Kurdish forces enter town near Mosul as Iraqi troops find mass grave 
Iraqi Kurdish fighters have exchanged heavy fire with militants as they entered a town held by Islamic State east of Mosul, while troops advancing south of the city discovered a mass grave containing an estimated 100 or so decapitated bodies. 
The offensive to reclaim the town of Bashiqa is part of the broader push to drive Isis out of Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, relieving those living under its brutal occupation, which has included mass killings. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 8, 2016 Israel tells France it will not join talks aimed at reviving peace process 
Israel has formally notified France that it will not participate in a peace conference later this year that Paris had hoped might rejuvenate moribund talks with Palestinians over a two-state solution. 
Rejecting the initiative, Israel cited the talks as a distraction from the goal of direct negotiations with the Palestinians '“ despite the fact there have been no such negotiations since the collapse of the US-mediated peace process in 2014. 
Israel had long indicated it had no intention of participating in the conference. The formal rejection was delivered at a meeting in Jerusalem with the French envoy Pierre Vimont. 
'[They] told the French envoy in a clear and unequivocal manner that Israel's position to promote the peace process and reach an agreement will only come through direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority,' said a statement from the office of the Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu.
ARTICLE

November 8, 2016 France will promote peace initiative despite Israeli opposition 
France will not stop trying to promote its initiative to convene an international peace conference by the end of the year despite Israel's negative response to the idea, senior French diplomats told the Haaretz newspaper on Monday evening. 
Earlier on Monday, Israeli officials meeting with French envoy Pierre Vimont reiterated Israel's firm opposition to the peace initiative, aimed at restarting long-stalled peace efforts with the Palestinian Authority (PA). 
'Envoy Pierre Vimont's discussion with Israeli government representatives in Jerusalem [on Monday] was sincere and difficult,' French diplomats told Haaretz after the meeting. 
'The negative Israeli response was predictable, and we will take Israel's position into consideration. However, we plan to carry on promoting our peace initiative,' they stressed.
ARTICLE

November 8, 2016 UN climate chief: No doubt world will shift to low emissions 
Climate negotiators started work Monday on implementing the Paris Agreement on global warming amid uncertainty over how the U.S. election will impact the landmark deal as temperatures and greenhouse gases soar to new heights. 
U.N. climate chief Patricia Espinosa told delegates in the rain-soaked Moroccan city of Marrakech that 'no politician or citizen, no business manager or investor' can doubt that the world is determined to shift toward a 'low-emission, resilient society.' 
So far, 100 countries have formally joined the agreement adopted last year in Paris, including top polluters China, the United States, the European Union and India. 
However, U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he would 'cancel' the deal if he wins the election this week. His opponent, Hillary Clinton, backs the climate policies of President Barack Obama's government. 
The upcoming election seemed to be on everyone's mind at the start of the two-week conference in Marrakech, where even security guards at the sprawling conference center were overheard discussing the potential implications for the world and efforts to fight climate change in particular.
ARTICLE

November 8, 2016 Palestinians say 'oui' to Paris peace conference after Israel balks 
Palestinians on Monday welcomed a French plan to hold an international conference on the two-state solution in Paris at the end of December. 
'We have encouraged France to go ahead with its initiative and supported its efforts to have a multilateral conference before the end of the year,' PLO Secretary-General Saeb Erekat said after meeting with French envoy Pierre Vimont in Ramallah. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 8, 2016 Undermining America: Did Obama Just Encourage Illegals to Vote? 
In perhaps the most tortured presidential answer since Bill Clinton parsed the word 'is,' Barack Obama offered a response in a Friday interview that many say gives illegal aliens a green light to vote. Worse still, there may be reason to suspect he was fed the question in advance and gave a premeditated, Machiavellian answer. 
While talking to actress and rapper Gina Rodriguez on the Latin-oriented YouTube channel MiTu, Obama was asked, 'Many of the millennials, dreamers, undocumented, um, citizens '” and I call them citizens because they contribute to this country '” are fearful of voting. So if I vote, will immigration know where I live? Will they come for my family and deport us?' Here was Obama's answer (video below): 
Not true. And the reason is, first of all, when you vote, you are a citizen yourself '” and there is not a situation where the voting rolls somehow are transferred over and people start investigating, et cetera. The sanctity of the vote is strictly confidential in terms of who you voted for.
ARTICLE

November 8, 2016 Calif. Proposition Requires Permit to Buy Bullets 
California residents will be voting tomorrow on a measure that would require individuals to purchase a permit to but bullets and for the Department of Justice (DOJ) to regulate the purchases. 
The measure, Proposition 63, would require individuals to pay up to $50 for an ammunition purchase authorization permit in order to buy ammunition. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 8, 2016 California AG Warns About Data Mining of Students 
In a report released November 2 by the California state attorney general's office, private educational technology companies are warned to be very vigilant in their handling of sensitive student data obtained by them in the course of their dealings with public schools. 
'In some instances we're seeing evidence of companies mining data from school children beyond what's necessary for their education,' said Daniel Suvor, chief of policy for California Attorney General Kamala Harris. 
Harris's office released their report, entitled 'Ready for School: Recommendations for the Ed Tech Industry to Protect the Privacy of Student Data,' to convince these corporate educational conglomerates with substantial contracts with school districts nationwide to come up with procedures that aren't careless with the private data obtained from students in the course of complying with the various standardized tests and other activities required as part of the big money agreements signed by administrators and the companies. 
According to the report, education has become an $8-billion-a-year business. No wonder these companies care so much about pleasing their clients. 
The purpose of the report and its recommendations is to limit 'the collection and use of the student information acquired through the technology,' Harris' office said in a written statement.
ARTICLE

November 9, 2016 Trump Elected President, Thanks to 4 in 5 White Evangelicals 
Exit polls suggest that 'Never Trump' was never a likely outcome for white evangelical voters, who showed up to support   Trump at their highest margin since 2004. Despite reservations expressed by many evangelical and Republican leaders, white born-again/evangelical Christians cast their ballots for the controversial real estate mogul-turned-politician at an 81 percent to 16 percent margin over Hillary Clinton. Evangelicals of color'”who represent 2 in 5 evangelicals, but aren't segmented out in most national political polls'”largely preferred Clinton leading up to the election. But she ultimately underperformed among Hispanics and African Americans compared to President Barack Obama before her. 'The story here continues to be continuity in the strength of evangelical support for GOP candidates, rather than greater intensity,' said Kevin den Dulk, political science professor at Calvin College. 'I suspect there's some underlying changes in polling responses that would make Trump's evangelical support seem greater than it has in the past.'
ARTICLE

November 9, 2016 Jewish Home touts Trump victory as sign of change 
Education Minister Naftali Bennett and Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked (Jewish Home) responded Wednesday morning to the news of Donald Trump's election victory over Hillary Clinton, congratulating the new President-elect and offering his thanks to the former Secretary of State.'I congratulate   Trump, and all the American people. We thank Hillary Clinton for her friendship with Israel,' said Bennett in a statementShaked also congratulated Trump, praising him as a 'true friend of Israel.'Bennett pledged to strengthen the 'special relationship' between Israel and the US, adding that Trump's win offers the chance to scrap a central tenet of American foreign policy in the Middle East for five decades '“ Palestinian statehood, which was conspicuously absent from the Republican platform.'We are sure the special relationship between the United States and Israel will continue, and even grow stronger.'
ARTICLE

November 9, 2016 Trump heads to White House after stunning win, Clinton '¦ 
Republican Donald Trump stunned the world by defeating heavily favored rival Hillary Clinton in the U.S. presidential election, ending eight years of Democratic control of the White House and sending America on a new, uncertain path. 
A wealthy real estate developer and former reality TV host, Trump rode a wave of anger toward Washington insiders to win Tuesday's White House race against Clinton, the Democratic candidate whose gold-plated establishment resume included stints as a first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state. 
Trump's victory marked a crushing end to Clinton's second quest to become the first woman president. She also failed in a White House bid in 2008. 
'Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead,' Clinton, 69, said in a concession speech in New York on Wednesday morning, joined by her husband, former President Bill Clinton, and daughter Chelsea.
ARTICLE

November 10, 2016 French privacy row over mass ID database 
A French state watchdog has called for the suspension of a database that could end up holding the biometric details of 60 million people. The aim of a single 'mega-database' is to fight identity fraud and improve efficiency. But, as Paul Kirby explains, there are fears the database could be abused not only by hackers but by state intelligence too, What's the database for? The single database would not be used in judicial investigations, ministers insist. Rather, it would help tackle identity fraud by comparing one set of digital fingerprints with another. France's interior ministry wants the Secure Electronic Documents (TES) to collect all the information on an individual held on two separate databases that have details of people's passports and national ID cards. Only children under 12 would be exempt. It would include an individual's name, address, marital status, eye colour, weight, photograph and fingerprints. It's merely an administrative register, argues Justice Minister Jean-Jacques Urvoas. Its only legal use would be when data need to be requisitioned.
ARTICLE

November 10, 2016 Signs of divine intervention in Trump victory 
Election eve 2016 began without any real sign of a gathering storm. No hint a popular revolt was brewing. In fact, just the opposite. 
The networks were reporting the mood in the inner circle of the Republican candidate was subdued, somber, tense, even foreboding '“ as if fearing the worst. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 10, 2016 UN Members Pass Nine Measures Targeting Israel 
While Americans were voting in an election watched around the world Tuesday, at the U.N. in New York it was business as usual, as a key General Assembly body passed nine draft resolutions condemning Israel. 
In most of those votes at the General Assembly's fourth committee, the United States and Canada joined Israel and a small handful of others in rejecting the resolutions. The lopsided vote counts were 86-7, 158-6, 159-1, 156-6, 156-6, 155-6, 156-6, 151-7 and 153-1. 
One of two resolutions which Israel stood alone in opposing was sponsored by Syria's Assad regime, and demanded that Israel relinquish its control of the 'occupied Syrian Golan' '“ a reference to the Golan Heights, the strategic ridge which Israel captured from Syria during the 1967 Six Day War and formally annexed in 1981.
ARTICLE

November 10, 2016 Long-term Effects of the Presidential Election 
The reverberations from Donald Trump's election as the 45th president of the United States are being felt around the world. A number of Hollywood's celebrities are saying they will move out of the country. Many political pundits are decrying the overthrow of the international order that globalists have worked so hard to build since World War II. 
On the other hand, one politician from Israel is saying that Trump's election heralds the coming of the Messiah. One thing is certain. The election of Mr. Trump to lead the world's greatest nation will definitely change things dramatically. What will the long-term effects of America's election actually be? We'll talk about on today's edition of End of the Age. Join the Conversation
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 IS hangs bodies of 40 civilians from poles in Iraqi city, UN says 
So-called Islamic State (IS) shot dead 40 civilians on Tuesday in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul after accusing them of treason, the United Nations says. Their bodies were then hung from electricity poles in several districts, the office of the UN Human Rights Commissioner said, citing sources. A man was also reportedly shot dead in public in central Mosul for ignoring an IS ban on using mobile phones. Iraqi security forces are continuing their push to take Mosul back from IS. The killings of the civilians appeared to have been carried out on the orders of self-appointed 'courts', according to the UN report. The 40 civilians were accused of 'treason and collaboration' and dressed in orange clothes marked in red with the words 'traitors and agents of the ISF' (Iraqi Security Forces).
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 Medvedev in Jerusalem as Putin waits for Trump 
Russian President Vladimir Putin sent his prime minister Dmitry Medvedev to Israel Wednesday, Nov. 9 as a gesture to mark the 25th anniversary of the resumption of diplomatic relations between the two countries. It was not the only one: Almost his first action on arrival was a symbolic visit to the Western Wall, the eternal Jewish shrine in Jerusalem. Medvedev chose this gesture to underscore the comment he made last week: 'Russia never denied Israel's or the Jewish people's rights in Jerusalem and in its holy sites, and the subject has been blown out of proportion.' The Russian prime minister was therefore demonstrating Moscow's recognition for Jewish rights in Israel, Jerusalem and its holy places '“ most of all Temple Mount '“ not just for the Palestinians. It was a message directed by the Kremlin to extremist Muslim organizations, which have set themselves the goal of 'liberating Jerusalem from Israeli occupation.' On the broader level, Putin through Medvedev was telling the world, and the US in particular, that Russia was ready to act as peacemaker between the Arab world and Israel, with greater flexibility on the Jerusalem question than Washington has exhibited.
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 Trump: Israel is a ray of hope to the world 
Just two days after his stunning election victory, President-elect Donald Trump delivered a message to Israel, describing his personal affection for the Jewish state and hopes that his administration will be able to strengthen ties strained by eight years of tense relations between Israel and the Obama administration. 
Calling Israel a 'ray of hope,' Trump released the statement to the Israel HaYom newspaper, which is owned by prominent Jewish Republican donor, Sheldon Adelson. Adelson backed Trump in this year's election towards the end of the race, giving tens of millions of dollars to the Trump campaign and pro-Trump political action committees. 
'I love and respect Israel and its citizens,' wrote Trump. 'Israel and the US share so many common values, like free speech, freedom of worship, and the special emphasis on creating opportunities for all citizens to fulfill their dreams.' 
'I look forward to strengthening the unbreakable bond between our two great peoples. I know well that Israel is the only democracy in the Middle East, and that it is the only one that defends human rights, and that it is a ray of hope for many people.' 
Along with his praise for the Jewish state, Trump also touched upon the thorniest issue in the Israel-US relationship '“ the two-state solution.
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 Israel preparing for one-sided UN Security Council resolutions 
Some members of the United Nations Security Council are planning anti-Israel resolutions during the last days of the Obama administration, Israeli Ambassador to the United Nations, Danny Danon, told Arutz Sheva. This comes as no surprise. 
The Ambassador reported that he had been alerted to a specific effort to pass one-sided, binding resolutions in the Security Council that could have serious ramifications for the Jewish state. 
'We've been hearing for some time from various sources about attempts to take advantage of the lame-duck period after the election, and to pass resolutions against the State of Israel in the Security Council,' Danon said. 
'We're working on a number of fronts,' the Ambassador added, 'including with the present [American] government and the incoming administration, as well as with other countries, in order to prevent [one-sided UNSC resolutions].' 
Danon then outlined some of the warnings he had received regarding planned efforts towards a Security Council resolution.
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 Vice President Biden: Trump will support Israel 
American Jews have no reason to be concerned about the future of US-Israel ties after President-elect Donald Trump takes office in January, outgoing Vice President Joe Biden said on Wednesday at a World Jewish Congress (WJC) gala dinner in New York City. 
Referring to Trump's victory in Tuesday's presidential election, Biden said, 'A number of my friends in the [Jewish] community are anxious about what it will mean for America's commitment to Israel. I stand here to tell you that I have no doubt, none whatsoever, that in the Trump administration there will be no diminution of support as a consequence of this transition. Even if the new administration were inclined to reduce the commitment, which it is not, Congress would never let it happen; the American people would never let it happen.' 
Furthermore, Biden told the crowd, 'You measure your influence on how well you influence me, presidents, vice presidents, secretaries, senators, congressmen. But your influence on the American community at large has been profound. That's the ultimate guarantor that every American president, and every transition, will never dare, even if they're inclined '” and the Trump admin is not inclined '” to reduce' US support for the Jewish state. 
Earlier in his remarks '” given at an event at which he received the WJC's Theodor Herzl award for his 'contributions to the well-being of Israel and the Jewish people' '” Biden equated anti-Zionism with anti-Semitism.
ARTICLE

November 10, 2016 Long-term Effects of the Presidential Election 
The reverberations from Donald Trump's election as the 45th president of the United States are being felt around the world. A number of Hollywood's celebrities are saying they will move out of the country. Many political pundits are decrying the overthrow of the international order that globalists have worked so hard to build since World War II. 
On the other hand, one politician from Israel is saying that Trump's election heralds the coming of the Messiah. One thing is certain. The election of Mr. Trump to lead the world's greatest nation will definitely change things dramatically. What will the long-term effects of America's election actually be? We'll talk about on today's edition of End of the Age. Join the Conversation
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 Nuclear weapons: how foreign hotspots could test Trump's finger on the trigger 
On Donald Trump's first day in office he will be handed the 'nuclear biscuit' '“ a small card with the codes he would need to talk to the Pentagon war room to verify his identity in the event of a national security crisis. 
Some presidents have chosen to keep the 'biscuit' on them, though that is not foolproof. Jimmy Carter left his in his clothes when he sent them to the dry-cleaners. Bill Clinton had it in his wallet with his credit cards, but then lost the wallet. 
Others have chosen to give the card to an aide to keep in a briefcase, known as the 'nuclear football', together with a manual containing US war plans for different contingencies and one on 'continuity of government', where to go to ensure executive authority survives a first nuclear strike. 
The 'biscuit' and 'football' are the embodiment of the awesome, civilisation-ending power that will be put in Trump's hands on 20 January. They only become relevant in very rare moments of extreme crisis, but a US president's ability to manage crises around the world will help determine whether they become extreme.
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 Top EU Official Disputes That Trump Could Upend Iran Nuclear Deal 
Asked Thursday about President-elect Donald Trump's threats to tear up the Iran nuclear deal once in office, the European Union official tasked to oversee its implementation said it was not a bilateral agreement but a multilateral one, enshrined in a U.N. Security Council resolution. 
E.U. foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini's words reinforced those of Iranian President Hasan Rouhani, who said on Iranian television Wednesday that the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) was 'not concluded with one country or government but was approved by a resolution of the U.N. Security Council, and there is no possibility that it can be changed by a single government.' 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 When America sneezes'¦ 
WHAT lessons should Europe draw from Donald Trump's election victory? For those Europeans who believe in American exceptionalism, there may be little to learn. America's circus-like primaries and gladiatorial presidential contests find few echoes in Europe, and Mr Trump, in all his preening, soufflÃ©-haired glory, is surely a sui generis American phenomenon. Moreover, the electoral college is a peculiar institution. Hillary Clinton seems to have won the popular vote, after all. 
But for most European politicians the shock of the American election was compounded by the obvious parallels for their own democracies. Worried leaders tempered their letters of congratulation to Mr Trump with veiled reminders of the transatlantic values many of them believe his victory imperils. Meanwhile Europe's army of little Trumps, from France to Italy to Hungary, took their own lessons from the result, showering laudatory missives upon the president-elect that had little to do with America and everything to do with the messengers' own projects of political disruption: if it can happen there, why not here? The 'aloof and sleazy establishment is being punished by voters step-by-step,' said Heinz-Christian Strache of Austria's far-right Freedom Party (FPÃ–) in his Facebook salute to Mr Trump.
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 Syria conflict: Food rations run out in rebel-held Aleppo 
The last remaining food rations are being distributed in besieged rebel-held eastern districts of the Syrian city of Aleppo, the UN has said. Humanitarian adviser Jan Egeland warned that without a resupply there would be no food left to hand out next week to the 275,000 people living there. Mr Egeland ruled out airdrops of food, explaining that they were not possible in densely-populated urban areas. Government forces launched a major assault on eastern Aleppo in September. Since then, troops have pushed into several outlying areas with the help of Iranian-backed Shia militias and Russian air strikes. Rebels launched a counter-attack in an attempt to break the siege in late October. But their progress slowed after early gains.
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 Islamic State executes scores, stockpiles chemicals 
Islamic State fighters have executed scores more people around Mosul this week and are reportedly stockpiling ammonia and sulfur in civilian areas, possibly for use as chemical weapons, UN human rights spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani said on Friday.A mass grave with over 100 bodies found in the town of Hammam al-Alil was one of several Islamic State killing grounds, Shamdasani said, citing information gleaned from sources on the ground including a man who played dead during a mass execution. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 The Trans-Pacific Partnership is dead, Schumer tells labor leaders 
The Senate's soon-to-be top Democrat told labor leaders Thursday that the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the trade deal at the center of President Obama's 'pivot' to strengthen ties with key Asian allies, will not be ratified by Congress. 
That remark from Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.), who is expected to be the incoming Senate minority leader, came as good news to the AFL-CIO Executive Council, which met Thursday in Washington. Schumer relayed statements that Republican congressional leaders had made to him, according to an aide who confirmed the remarks. 
Obama's signature global trade deal had been on life support for months as both Democrats and Republicans campaigned against unfair trade policies ahead of the Nov. 8 election. And Donald Trump's triumph in the presidential race cemented its fate. 
'There is no way to fix the TPP,' Trump said in a June economic address. 'We need bilateral trade deals. We do not need to enter into another massive international agreement that ties us up and binds us down.'
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 'Trump's election heralds coming of Messiah' says Deri 
Shas chairman and Interior Minister Arye Deri said Thursday that Donald Trump's election could herald the coming of the Messiah due to the blow he expects the next president will strike against the 'non-Orthodox Jewish hold on the US government.' 
'There is no doubt that one can give thanks to God that all those who have damned the [Jewish] covenant and would wipe out Judaism, thinking they could take control over the Land of Israel here and lead reforms in order to cause destruction received their blow,' Deri said during an address to the local religious council of Ashdod. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 Al Gore offers to work with Trump on climate change 
Former vice president and longtime environmental activist Al Gore campaigned hard against Donald Trump, saying his election 'would take us toward a climate catastrophe.' 
But now that Trump will soon be occupying the Oval Office, Gore is extending an olive branch, saying in an online posting this week that he will do everything he can to work with the incoming administration to ensure that the United States remains a leader in combating the harmful effects of global warming. 
'President-elect Trump said he wanted to be a president for all Americans,' Gore wrote on the website of the Climate Reality Project, the advocacy group he founded with a mission of helping accelerate the shift from dirty fossil fuels to renewable energy. 'In that spirit, I hope that he will work with the overwhelming majority of us who believe that the climate crisis is the greatest threat we face as a nation.'
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 Obama, Trump display unity in White House meeting 
President Obama and President-elect Donald Trump put on a show of unity Thursday at their first meeting at the White House. 
The two men, who have been sworn enemies for years, met for more than an hour and a half in the Oval Office, even though Trump said they were only scheduled to meet for 15 minutes. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 President-elect Donald Trump eyes Ovala Office with plans to erase Barack Obama's achievements 
President-elect Donald Trump was surprisingly gracious as he met President Barack Obama in the Oval Office on Thursday but make no mistake: He is already working to erase major parts of Obama's legacy from the history books. 
Trump will be able to change some of Obama's policies with a quick stroke of the pen. Others will be much more difficult, requiring justification to pass legal hurdles or buy-in from lawmakers on Capitol Hill or foreign leaders. 
'He can make a big difference at the outset of his administration, but it will take him years and support from dubious congressional factions and allies overseas to get a lot of other things done,' said Charles Tiefer, former solicitor and deputy general counsel of the House of Representatives and now a professor at the University of Baltimore law school.
ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 French Plan for 'Mega Database' of Citizens' Personal Data Triggers Protests 
The French government is under fire for quietly issuing a decree establishing a mega-database of personal details of 60 million French citizens, a move privacy campaigners view as potentially dangerous. 
The database established by the decree issued by Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve will affect every holder of a French passport or identity card, except for children under 12 years of age. 
Information to be stored includes a photo, date and place of birth, address, eye color, weight and marital status. Fingerprints were to have been included too, although Cazeneuve dropped that plan amid massive criticism. 
Email (will not be published) (required) Website Sow a seed to help the Jewish people Follow Endtime Copyright Â© 2016 All Rights Reserved Endtime Ministries | End of the Age | Irvin Baxter Endtime Ministries, Inc. PO Box 940729 Plano, TX 75094 Toll Free: 1.800.363.8463 DON'T JUST READ THE NEWS... understand it from a biblical perspective. Your Information will never be shared with any third party. Get a 2-year subscription, normally $29, now just $20.15. ONLY 500 deals are still available. Offer available while supplies last or it expires on December 31, 2015. close We are a small non-profit that runs a high-traffic website, a daily TV and radio program, a bi-monthly magazine, the prophecy college in Jerusalem, and more. Although we only have 35 team members, we are able to serve tens of millions of people each month; and have costs like other world-wide organizations. We have very few third-party ads and we don't receive government funding. We survive on the goodness of God, product sales, and donations from our wonderful partners. Dear Readers, X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
ARTICLE

X close We have experienced tremendous growth in our web presence over the last five years. In fact, in 2010 we averaged 228,000 pageviews per month. Last year we averaged just over 2,000,000 pageviews per month. That's an increase of 777% in five years! However, our servers and software are outdated, which causes downtime on occasion for many of you and additional work hours and finances to maintain for us at Endtime. Updating our servers and software as well as maintaining service for a year will cost us $42,000. If each person reading this gave at least $10, our bill to provide FREE broadcasting and resources to the world via our website would be covered for over a year! Learn more - Click Here â–º Dear Readers,
