ARTICLE

Email 
Sex crimes with children, child exploitation, money laundering, perjury, and pay to play, reads the partial list of crimes that, claim New York City Police Department sources, could 'put Hillary and her crew away for life.” 
Shocking evidence of such criminality has been found on ex-congressman Anthony Weiner's laptop computer, claim the sources, which was seized from him by NYC officials investigating his allegedly having sent sexually explicit texts to a 15-year-old girl. Moreover, Hillary Clinton's 'crew” supposedly includes not just close aide and confidante Huma Abedin and her husband, Weiner, but other aides and insiders — and even members of Congress. According to True Pundit : NYPD sources said these new emails include evidence linking Clinton herself and associates to: • Money laundering • Sex crimes with minors (children) • Perjury • Pay to play through Clinton Foundation • Obstruction of justice • Other felony crimes NYPD detectives and a [sic] NYPD Chief, the department's highest rank under Commissioner, said openly that if the FBI and Justice Department fail to garner timely indictments against Clinton and co- conspirators, NYPD will go public with the damaging emails now in the hands of FBI Director James Comey and many FBI field offices. 'What's in the emails is staggering and as a father, it turned my stomach,” the NYPD Chief said. 'There is not going to be any Houdini-like escape from what we found. We have copies of everything. We will ship them to Wikileaks or I will personally hold my own press conference if it comes to that.” 
These allegations, if true, could explain why Director Comey reopened the investigation into Clinton's mishandling of classified information, a move that shook the political world and caused Comey to come under fire. As the NYPD chief put it, the new e-mails contents truly are 'alarming.” 
True Pundit also says that, according to FBI sources, both Abedin and Weiner are trying to cut immunity deals with federal officials and that, if they didn't cooperate, they'd face long prison sentences. Abedin's turning state's evidence would no doubt be devastating for Clinton, as the two women have for years been joined at the hip. Abedin has at times been like Clinton's shadow, has been called her 'body woman,” and has even been rumored to be Clinton's lesbian lover. So Abedin likely knows where, as is said, the bodies are buried. 
Of particular note, the new e-mails allegedly contain information revealing that Hillary, Bill Clinton, Weiner, and numerous congressmen took trips to convicted billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein's private island, where he is said to pimp out underage minors of both sexes to prominent people. The trips were taken aboard Epstein's Boeing 747, dubbed the 'Lolita Express”; the pedophile's island, in the US Virgin Islands, has been called ' Sex Slave Island .” 
These revelations would also explain why Clinton used powerful software called BleachBit to scrub damning information from her private server. According to BleachBit's website, its program gives criminals and others the ability to 'shred files to hide their contents and prevent data recovery.” 
Yet it can't scrub bumbling perverts from your personal life, and Weiner's laptop also contains incriminating e-mails revealing the mishandling of classified information by Abedin and Clinton, say the sources. Both women 'sent and received thousands of classified and top secret documents to personal email accounts,” and this information could have been 'accessed, printed, discussed, leaked, or distributed by untold numbers ... of unknown individuals,” writes True Pundit . 
Consequently, according to True Pundit , FBI sources say the new Clinton investigation has been broadened and now includes matters such as how: • Abedin forwarded classified and top secret State Department emails to Weiner's email • Abedin stored emails, containing government secrets, in a special folder shared with Weiner warehousing over 500,000 archived State Department emails. • Weiner had access to these classified and top secret documents without proper security clearance to view the records • Abedin also used a personal yahoo address and her Clintonemail.com address to send/receive/store classified and top secret documents • [a] private consultant managed Weiner's site for the last six years, including three years when Clinton was secretary of state, and therefore, had full access to all emails as the domain's listed registrant and administrator via Whois email contacts. 
If the new allegations in the True Pundit story are all accurate, they just add more intrigue to a presidential campaign that is truly unprecedented, with a torrent of WikiLeaks and Project Veritas revelations and now Clinton's Weiner woes. From vote fraud to inciting violence to child sex abuse to pay-for-play to perjury, it's becoming clear to many that the Democratic Party — and the Clintons in particular — are essentially a criminal syndicate. As former assistant FBI director James Kallstrom said in a Sunday interview, 'The Clintons, that's a crime family, basically. It's like organized crime. I mean the Clinton Foundation is a cesspool.... God forbid we put someone like that [Clinton] in the White House.” And now we know better why, as I wrote Sunday, this 'appears standard FBI sentiment. I personally know of an ex-agent — someone with knowledge of Clinton 'crime family' dealings — who I'm told is having trouble sleeping at night due to the prospect of a Clinton presidency.” 
All these revelations raise important questions: How could Hillary Clinton and her cohorts have bumbled so badly that they appear a cross between Inspector Clouseau and Boss Tweed ? 
And if Clinton is so careless with her own personal survival, how can she be trusted with national survival? 
Part of the explanation is general incompetence, yet there's another factor: Both Clintons have engaged in continual criminality over the decades — and have been allowed to skate at every turn. This lack of accountability has led to complacency and ever-increasing brazenness, just as with a child never punished for wrongdoing. 
So, finally, perhaps, Clinton corruption has reached critical mass. And with Donald Trump ahead 10 points (according to one respected poll) among the 88 percent of voters who have definitely made up their minds, maybe, come late Tuesday evening, some tossing and turning FBI agents will finally be able to enjoy a good night's rest. 

ARTICLE

Email 
Just days before the presidential election, numerous pundits and politicos are weighing in on who the next occupant of the Oval Office might appoint to the Supreme Court should current justices retire during the next presidential term. 
While party affiliation has not shown itself to be a reliable guide to the ideological fidelity of a judge once he's secured a seat on the high court's bench, there are some clues as to what Hillary Clinton might look to accomplish with her appointments should she be sworn in next January. 
First, given her constant claim that she will make sure to ensure the safety of American children by the enactment of "common sense gun restrictions," it is more likely than not that a President Hillary Clinton would seek to seat a pro-confiscation jurist on the Supreme Court. 
Although in 2008 the Supreme Court ruled in favor of protecting individual gun rights from government abridgment, the decision is D.C. v Heller was 5-4 and even a slight shift toward curtailing the exercise of the rights protected by the Second Amendment could seriously threaten the liberty of Americans. 
In fact, there is no doubt how Hillary Clinton will handle the Second Amendment and how judges she nominates will look at the issue. 
Leaked audio from a New York fundraiser makes Clinton's gun control agenda crystal clear: She wants to reinstate her husband's disarmament design. 
'I was proud when my husband took [the National Rifle Association] on, and we were able to ban assault weapons, but he had to put a sunset on it 10 years later. Of course [President George W.] Bush wouldn't agree to reinstate [the ban],” said Clinton. 
In other words, she wouldn't hesitate to reinstate it if given the chance. 
"We've got to go after this. And here again, the Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment. And I am going to make that case every chance I get," the Democratic nominee promised. 
During the third presidential debate, Clinton spoke of the Heller decision, saying she "disagreed with the way the court applied the Second Amendment in that case” and that she would work to get that decision overturned. 
There's another recent Supreme Court ruling   has in her sights: the Citizens United case (Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission ). 
In 2009, the Supreme Court came to a narrow decision in this case, too, ruling 5-4 that "expenditures by for profit corporations, labor unions and other associations cannot be restricted by government." 
Hillary Clinton considers this holding, too, to be up for overruling should she move in to the White House in 2017. 
At another debate, Clinton said the Citizens United case "undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system." 
In other words, Clinton doesn't want any organization being able to influence U.S. political policy unless they make a substantial donation to the Clinton Foundation first. 
Finally, there is little chance of Roe v. Wade being overturned by a Clinton-appointed Supreme Court and, in fact, the legal prohibition on late-term abortion is likely to be removed during a Hillary Clinton presidential administration. 
The holding in the case of Gonzalez v. Carhart (2007) that retained the restriction on late term abortions will be in the crosshairs during a Clinton presidency as Mrs. Clinton has made it clear that she wants an exception carved out of the ruling in the case of a threat to the health of the mother. 
In its opinion, the Court declared that "uncertainty [in the medical community] over whether the barred procedure is ever necessary to preserve a woman's health," thus it did not qualify for protection under the Roe v. Wade decision. 
This won't do in the world Clinton and her cronies inhabit, a world where unborn babies are masses of cells and killing babies is a form of birth control. 
During the last presidential debate, Hillary Clinton declared, 'I do not think that the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions. So you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and the health of the mother taken into account.” 
These decisions are likely only a few of the cases that would come under renewed scrutiny should Hillary Clinton become president. 
While we may not know which decisions Clinton would target, we do know a bit about the philosophy she would employ in the selecting of Supreme Court nominees. During   debate, Clinton explained how the Constitution would figure into the process she would use to identify potential high court justices. When asked about who she would nominate, Clinton explained: You know, I think when we talk about the Supreme Court, it really raises the central issue in this election, namely, what kind of country are we going to be? What kind of opportunities will we provide for our citizens? What kind of rights will Americans have? And I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people, not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. 
So, along with gun control, free speech, and abortion, Clinton would try to appoint justices that would carry her water and "uphold" the "rights" of the radical homosexual lobby, among others. 
It isn't surprising that in her answer to the question   certain Supreme Court decisions and how as president she would try to influence them, Hillary Clinton never mentioned the Constitution. 
None of the foregoing analysis of Hillary Clinton's judicial assault on   the fundamental liberties it was written to protect would matter should Americans appreciate the correct constitutionally established relationship among the three branches of the federal government and the absolute sovereignty of the people. 
Take a lesson from Thomas Jefferson, who explained the proper procedure in a letter to Abigail Adams: 
"You seem to think it devolved on the judges to decide on the validity of the sedition law. But nothing in the Constitution has given them a right to decide for the Executive, more than to the Executive to decide for them.” 
Jefferson then told Mrs. Adams that each branch of the general government is 'independent in the sphere of action assigned to them.” 
To allow the nine black-robed justices to be the ultimate and unchallengeable arbiter of what is and is not constitutional, Jefferson added, 'would make the judiciary a despotic branch.” 
Restoring the Supreme Court back to its intended sphere of influence would take away from any future president the power to permanently and prejudicially undermine   fundamental liberty. 

  Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

Email 
Americans reportedly favor expanding Social Security, while key members of the Republican Party are accused of wanting to let it wither. 
An article published October 28 by the Huffington Post , citing data culled from Public Policy Polling survey, reports that 72 percent of Americans support expanding Social Security benefits. 
After highlighting data that they claim prove that all Americans regardless of age and political persuasion favor increasing Social Security benefits, the article explains that this growth should be accomplished by forcing "the wealthiest Americans to pay their fair share." 
As an attorney, I was trained to parse phrases, breaking them down into key terms and then defining those words in careful ways so as to reveal the principles and biases upon which the statutes in question reveal. 
In the case of the expansion of Social Security, the key word that jumps off the page is "wealthiest." 
To me, the threshold question in the analysis of this recommendation is who is to decide what level of affluence would qualify an American as being among the "wealthiest" who are the target of the proposed revenue-raising scheme. 
Of course, as is the case with most of these progressive plans to steal the fruits from the laborer and fence them to the "needy" (who, for generations, have been convinced that it is their right to receive such filched funds), there is no mention of the fairness of seizing the property of one group, which thought to prepare for their retirement, to compensate for another group's failure to do so. 
Next up on the list of terms to define is "fair share." 
Again, it is critical to know who is deciding what is the "fair" amount "owed" by the objects of the fleecing. 
Not surprisingly, the HuffPo article provides no answers to these key questions. It does, however, indicate how these questions would be answered by the two major party candidates for president. 
First up, Hillary Clinton. HuffPo explains the Democratic nominee's plan for taking more money from the "wealthy" to make up for the lack of retirement planning by the rest of us. 
"Consistent with the will of the people, Hillary Clinton has pledged to expand, never cut, Social Security," the article affirms. "The Democratic Platform fully backs the same position espoused by Clinton and the American people." 
The GOP nominee, on the other hand, hasn't signed on to steal the property of one group and give it to another, rewarding the latter's lack of planning and preparation for a pension. Here's the HuffPo portrayal of Donald Trump's take on the purportedly popular plan to expand Social Security: In sharp contrast to Clinton and the Democrats, the Republican Party's 2016 platform advocates cutting and dismantling, through privatization, our Social Security system. Donald Trump publically [sic] states that he won't touch Social Security, but his choice of advisors and running mate — not to mention his own past statements and the Platform he controlled — make it clear that, once in office, he would fall in line with Vice President Mike Pence, Speaker Paul Ryan, and other leaders of the Republican Party who claim that they want to 'save” Social Security but advocate cutting it. 
However despite HuffPo's claim to the contrary, over the course of the campaign for the White House, Trump has repeated many times that he would not touch Social Security -- much less privatize it -- revealing why the issue is called the "third rail" of American politics. 
The "third rail" analogy comes from railroad where the third rail is the middle rail that is electrified, deadly to the touch. 
In politics, then, any issue dubbed a third rail is one that is so controversial that any attempt to fiddle with it in any way would kill the politician making the ill-fated effort at change. 
Trump, in his own words, has declared his plans for Social Security should he become president. 
"They want to cut your social security, I'm not cutting your social security,” Trump said in Racine, Wisconsin, on April 2. 
"We're gonna save your Social Security without making any cuts. Mark my words,” explained Trump on a trip to Georgia in February. 
It appears, then, that neither major party candidate has any plan to eliminate this untouchable region of the soft socialism that is the economic policy of both partners in the duopoly that controls the United States. 
Whence comes the authority of Congress (or any branch of the federal government) to forcibly seize the property of workers and set up a retirement savings account on their behalf? The quick answer is the Supreme Court. 
In the case of Helvering v. Davis (1937), the Supreme Court determined that Social Security deductions from a person's wages was a constitutional exercise of the General Welfare Clause. 
As for whether that clause was meant to endow the central government with unlimited authority to tax and spend, in 1792 Congressman James Madison warned: If Congress can apply money indefinitely to the general welfare, and are the sole and supreme judges of the general welfare, they may take the care of religion into their own hands; they may establish teachers in every State, county, and parish, and pay them out of the public Treasury; they may take into their own hands the education of children, establishing in like manner schools throughout the Union; they may undertake the regulation of all roads other than post roads. In short, every thing, from the highest object of State legislation, down to the most minute object of police, would be thrown under the power of Congress; for every object I have mentioned would admit the application of money, and might be called, if Congress pleased, provisions for the general welfare. 
And so they have and there are few brave enough to oppose the perpetuation of the plan. Certainly neither the Democratic candidate for president, nor her Republican counterpart. 
How did Americans get to a place where they will be left penniless in their old age? 
The socialists, the progressives, and the politicians who pander to them, the "stagnation of wages" is to blame for the failure of "American families to save even for short-term emergencies." 
What, though, of the fact that the average American carries over $15,000 in credit card debt. What if the money paid in interest on this debt was set aside for retirement, rather than spent paying interest rates on credit card-financed consumer purchases that, truth be told, have no long-term value and in fact rob the debtor of not only his current financial health, but make his future financial health on life-support, as well? 
Moreover, consider all of the money that employess 'contribute” to Social Security. This amount is actually twice the amount shown on pay-check stubs, since employers are required to match their employees' 'contributions” with their own 'contributions” that are part of the cost of employing workers and (in the absence of Social Security) could be paid directly to the employees. Just imagine how big a nest egg workers could accumulate if all of the money now going into Social Security were available to them to save and invest! 
There is another proposal for how to restore the happy retirement of an increasingly elderly American population: privatization of Social Security. 
HuffPo claims that this plan would harm the poorest among us and leave them unable to support themselves in their retirement. Others insist that the poorest pensioners would be the biggest beneficiaries of the privatization of Social Security. 
Here is an analysis by the Cato Institute: By providing a much higher rate of return, privatization would raise the incomes of those elderly retirees who are most in need. Although the current Social Security system is ostensibly designed to be progressive, transferring wealth to the elderly poor, the system actually contains many inequities that leave the poor at a disadvantage. For instance, the low-income elderly are much more likely than their wealthy counterparts to be dependent on Social Security benefits for most or all of their retirement income. But despite a progressive benefit structure, Social Security benefits are inadequate for the elderly poor's retirement needs. In addition, the progressivity of Social Security is undermined by differences in life expectancy. Because the wealthy generally live longer than the poor, they receive more total Social Security payments over the course of their lifetimes. In a privatized system, an individual's benefits would not be dependent on life expectancy. Individuals would have a property right in their benefits. Any benefits remaining at their deaths would become part of their estates, inherited by their heirs. Finally, Social Security drains capital from the poorest areas of the country, leaving less money available for new investment and job creation. Privatization would increase national savings and provide a new pool of capital for investment that would be particularly beneficial to the poor. 
Financial sense of this sort would not be enough, of course, to convince the socialists to reconsider their plan to pilfer the wages of the "wealthy" and "charitably" give it to the elderly poor. 
Why? Simple. Their plan is not to take care of the poor, but rather they need to keep the poor poor in order to sell economic salvation to them every election cycle. 
Ultimately, for constitutionalists, the goal is to eliminate Social Security all together and divest the federal government of its role in retirement planning and any other activity over which the states did not grant it authority in the Constitution. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

Email 
Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) James Comey is again under fire, this time by supporters of Hillary Clinton for permitting the re-opening of the investigation into her use of personal servers to store and send classified material, the second round of a scandal that could prove fatal to the Democratic nominee's chance to occupy the Oval Office in January. 
Republicans had their own go at Comey when he declared after the original investigation of Clinton's mishandling of classified documents and information that there was insufficient evidence to charge her with any criminal violation. 
Comey, it seems, has become a punching bag being worked over by partisans on both sides of the political aisle. 
Regarding the sound and fury coming out of the Clinton camp, they don't see that their candidate has fallen into a pit she dug for herself. She knew, or should have known, that there are rules governing the treatment and transmission of data that could place U.S. national security in danger. 
She broke those rules, and despite what Comey claimed, whether she did so knowingly or not is irrelevant, as the requisite mental state codified into the regulation is "negligence." That is to say, in order to be in violation of the relevant statute, one need only fail to take reasonable care in the behavior in question. 
It is beyond dispute that there was a duty of care, and Hillary Clinton's behavior fell well below that bar. 
What is also beyond dispute is that neither the Republicans — when Clinton was exonerated — or the Democrats — when the whole affair was brought back into the light of investigation — ever questioned the authority of the FBI to carry on as a federal police force. 
The larger question, the constitutional question, is why does the federal government have an armed police force with nearly unlimited authority (at home and abroad) and with the power to conduct most of its work in secret, beyond the oversight of the American people, whose interest they ostensibly serve? 
Perhaps Ryan McMaken has hit upon the answer to that question in an article published on the Mises Wire blog. McMaken writes of the federal government's law enforcement agency: Of all federal police forces, the FBI is the most romanticized, and every FBI agent is assumed to be the modern embodiment of a fictionalized version of Eliot Ness: incorruptible, professional, and efficient. Decades of pop culture has driven this home with TV series and movies such as The Untouchables , The FBI Story , and This Is Your FBI have long perpetuated the idea that when local police fail, the FBI will step in to be more effective and simply better than every other law enforcement agency. Corruption cannot touch the FBI, we are told, and they apply the law equally to everyone. 
According to a piece penned in 2012, "A Stasi for America," reporter James Bovard painted a darker, less egalitarian picture of the FBI's application of the law: A ripple of protest swept across the Internet in late March after the disclosure that the Federal Bureau of Investigation was teaching its agents that 'the FBI has the ability to bend or suspend the law to impinge on the freedom of others.” This maxim was inculcated as part of FBI counterterrorism training. The exposure of the training material — sparked by a series of articles by Wired.com's Spencer Ackerman — spurred the ritual declaration by an FBI spokesman that 'mistakes were made, and we are correcting those mistakes.” No FBI officials were sanctioned or fired for teaching lawmen that they were above the law.... At least the FBI has been consistent. Since its founding in 1908, the bureau has rarely let either the statute book or the Constitution impede its public service. Tim Weiner, the author of a superb exposé of the CIA ( Legacy of Ashes ) has delivered a riveting chronology of some of the FBI's biggest crimes with his new book, Enemies . 
There's no question that in its roughly 100 years of existence, the FBI has seen its reputation rise and fall. 
McMaken recites a bit of recent history in support of his assertion that the creation and the continuation of the FBI as a federal secret police force is an assault on the liberty of the United States: The reality and the romance, of course, have always been two totally different things, and it's helpful to remind ourselves that it was the FBI that was in charge of the Waco massacre where 26 children were killed. It was the FBI that led the raid on Randy Weaver's house where an FBI sniper shot a woman dead while she was holding a 10-month old baby. It was the FBI that spied on Martin Luther King, Jr., and targeted peaceful anti-war organizations for political reasons during the 1960s and 70s. It was the FBI that came of age arresting opponents of the First World War. Naturally, in all of these cases, the FBI has actively covered up the facts and denied wrongdoing. 
Next, the history lesson looks further back to the beginnings of the FBI to illuminate the transformation of the FBI from crime-fighting force (albeit no less unconstitutional) to powerful partner in the surveillance state: Thanks to war hysteria during World War I, the FBI rose to prominence as Woodrow Wilson's shock troops against "dissidents" (i.e., peaceful opponents of the war). Indeed, persecuting and prosecuting political enemies of the American state would become something of the forte of the FBI, with the role of the agency being expanded ever more during times of perceived national crisis. The idea of the FBI as a crime-fighting organization — the primary message of fawning treatments of the FBI such as The Untouchables and The FBI Story — for decades served as cover for the FBI's political activities. As Foreign Policy pointed out in 2014, though, the FBI quietly dropped its claims of being a crime fighting organization and began declaring itself a "national security" organization. Down the memory hole goes the FBI's original claimed raison d'etre. 
This point is borne out in the FBI's own description of its purpose. On the "Questions and Answers" section of its official web page, the agency describes itself as "an intelligence-driven and threat-focused national security organization with both intelligence and law enforcement responsibilities." 
Where, one wonders, does the Constitution grant the federal government or any of its associated agencies any intelligence gathering and federal law-enforcement power? 
Finally, not only is the FBI's assumption of its current role as federal police force and armed branch of the federal surveillance apparatus unconstitutional and a persistent threat to freedom, but it represents yet another example of the inability of the government to perform any task on par with a privately owned entity with the same or similar objective. Again, from the Mises Wire: "The unreliability of metropolitan police, with their strong local and partisan ties, prompted major businesses and industrialists to establish the Pinkertons and other private police forces. The Pinkertons ultimately functioned as a de facto national detective and policing service until the 1920s, when the FBI finally came into its own." 
As one scandal blends into the next, and as each generation sees the occurrence of some serious act of FBI abuse of power, perhaps it is time to consider the abolition of the agency and the return of its assumed duties to the private sector. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there. 
ARTICLE

Email 
In September the National ICE Council, representing some 5,000 Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers charged with protecting the country's borders, did something it has never done: It endorsed a candidate for president: Donald Trump. In its statement at the time, the union said: In [Trump's] immigration policy, he has outlined core policies needed to restore immigration security — including support for increased interior enforcement and border security, an end to Sanctuary Cities, an end to catch-and-release, mandatory retainers, and the canceling of executive amnesty and non-enforcement directives. 
On the contrary, said the union, Hillary Clinton supports furthering 'amnesty” and a 'radical” immigration plan that will cost thousands of Americans not only their jobs but their lives . 
On Friday the union issued a 'final warning,” expanding its concern about how open borders would cost Americans their lives. Wrote the council's president, Chris Crane: Hillary's pledge for 'open borders' will mean disaster for our country, and turn the present border emergency into a cataclysm. Hillary's plan would unleash violent cartels and brutal transnational gangs into US communities and cause countless preventable deaths…. ICE officers on the front lines are witnessing a deluge of illegal immigration unlike anything we have seen before. The corporate-funded media won't cover it. Our officers are being ordered to release recent border-crossers with no idea what their intentions are or what they are planning. Gang members, drug cartels and violent smugglers are taking advantage of the situation and threatening American communities. The influx is overwhelming public resources, especially in poor communities — including Hispanic communities and immigrant communities bearing the economic brunt of the illegal immigration surge. 
There are economic, cultural, and moral reasons for concerns about open borders, as noted by economist Gene Callahan. Unlimited immigration would likely lead to lower wages for Americans who would have to cut their wage demands or be replaced by immigrant workers willing to work for lower wages. 
Culturally an unlimited dumping of immigrants onto an unprepared and unsuspecting culture would alter that culture irreparably. Consider the Native American culture, he said: If Native Americans had been able to limit the flow of European immigrants, they might have been able to preserve their land and cultures. 
Morally there is a responsibility to take care of those less able to care for themselves but not to the point of reducing their own circumstances to penury: While the rich have an obligation to help the poor, that obligation does not extend to the degree that they must become poor themselves. 
Since every resident in the United States, except maybe for those Native Americans, is either an immigrant or a descendent of one, it makes sense to welcome immigrants. Until 1875, there were no immigration laws. But with the passage of the Page Act of 1875, legislators began defining the procedures under which those desiring to immigrate into the country would have to follow. 
Since then immigration laws have been heavily modified, but they have always defined those procedures and conditions. If the laws need to be changed again, then legislators should change them. But they must be followed, not ignored for political purposes. Otherwise, unintended consequences, such as those noted in the ICE Council's warning, will overtake the culture and risk destroying the very culture that makes it presently so inviting for those seeking a better life. 
An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . 
 
ARTICLE

Email 
As Janet Reno formally ended her public career following her failure to win a primary for governor of Florida in 2002, she quoted George Washington about her legacy: 'If I were to write all that down I might be reduced to tears. I would prefer to drift on down the stream of life and let history make the judgment.” 
Her stream of life ended on Monday at age 78 when she passed away following complications from Parkinson's disease. History will remember her for one thing: ordering the FBI to end the siege at Mount Carmel — the home of the Branch Davidians headed up by David Koresh — near Waco, Texas, by force, using tear gas and gunfire to end it, along with the lives of nearly 80 individuals including 25 children. 
Clinton nominated her for the position after two other women withdrew their acceptances, and she became attorney general in March, 1993. She was immediately thrust into the middle of the FBIs's siege against the Branch Davidian compound that began after ATF agents were involved in a shootout while trying to serve arrest warrants on Koresh and his followers for alleged firearms violaions. After 51 days, the FBI asked for permission to attack the compound and end the siege. Reno granted it, 76 people died, and the event has remained a black mark not only on her legacy but on the history of federal law enforcement ever since. 
Following the atrocity, Reno appointed former Senator John Danforth to look into charges that FBI agents started the fires, fired randomly into the building, and illegally used military forces to end the siege. When Danforth's report exonerated the government and Reno, Koresh's attorney called it a 'whitewash” while former AG Ramsey Clark added, "History will clearly record, I believe, that these assaults on the Mt. Carmel church center remain the greatest domestic law enforcement tragedy in the history of the United States." 
For her part, and to her credit claim some of her supporters, Reno took full responsibility for allowing the FBI to end the siege with prejudice: 'I made the decision. I'm accountable. The buck stops with me.” 
Over the following eight years, Reno was involved in other controversies: 
• Investigations into President Clinton's sexual dalliances with his intern, Monice Lewinsky; 
• Her approval of the use of federal force to retrieve Elián Gonzalez, who was living with some relatives in Miami, and return him to his father in Castro's Cuba, generating in the process a photograph of an armed federal agent seizing the six-year-old boy, providing millions with a visual warning of the dangers of the excessive use of force; 
• The capture and conviction of Theodore Kaczynski, the Unabomber; 
• The capture and conviction of Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols for their roles in the Oklahoma City bombing; 
• The capture and conviction of Sheik Omar Abdel-Rahman and four other conspirators involved in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing; and 
• Her roles in other controversies and scandals during the Clinton administration, including Whitewater, Filegate, the Chinese spying on American nuclear technology, the questionable campaign financing in the 1996 Clinton-Gore reelection campaign, and her support for the 1994 Brady Bill which, for ten years, banned so-called assault rifles. 

An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .  
ARTICLE

Email 
In perhaps the most tortured presidential answer since Bill Clinton parsed the word 'is,” Barack Obama offered a response in a Friday interview that many say gives illegal aliens a green light to vote. Worse still, there may be reason to suspect he was fed the question in advance and gave a premeditated, Machiavellian answer. 
While talking to actress and rapper Gina Rodriguez on the Latin-oriented YouTube channel MiTu, Obama was asked, 'Many of the millennials, dreamers, undocumented, um, citizens — and I call them citizens because they contribute to this country — are fearful of voting. So if I vote, will immigration know where I live? Will they come for my family and deport us?” Here was Obama's answer (video below): Not true. And the reason is, first of all, when you vote, you are a citizen yourself — and there is not a situation where the voting rolls somehow are transferred over and people start investigating, et cetera. The sanctity of the vote is strictly confidential in terms of who you voted for. 
Many Americans, such as Arizona governor Jan Brewer, were taken aback. As Breitbart reports , ''Shocking. Absolutely shocking,' Brewer said to [Fox] TV host Neil Cavuto. Obama 'should have absolutely set [the interviewer] straight that if you're not a citizen, you don't get to vote. And just because you're in our country 'undocumented,” you're not a citizen. The [Democrats] want to blur the lines.'” 
And no one was more shocked than Cavuto himself (video below; relevant portion starts at 34 seconds). As WND.com related : 'I can't believe that I heard what I heard,” Cavuto said on his broadcast. 'The president isn't even questioning whether the person who is an illegal is voting, outside of reminding people that if you're a citizen, you vote. But it's very clear that the question that is being asked was about illegals voting and afraid that they might be reported to Border Security. You're illegal. You cannot vote.” 'The President of the United States is saying, 'Don't worry, no one will be spying on you, catching you,'” Cavuto added. 'You're ignoring the fact that you are being questioned about illegal voting, which you can't do. Why? Because you're not a citizen of this country!” 
Some observers say there's more to this, pointing out that Fox didn't play Obama's follow-up remarks. The president had gone on to say, 'If you have a family member who maybe is undocumented, then you have an even greater reason to vote.” Rodriguez then chimed in, 'This has been a huge fear presented especially during this election,” prompting Obama to add: And the reason that fear is promoted is because they don't want people voting. People are discouraged from voting and part of what is important for Latino citizens is to make your voice heard, because you're not just speaking for yourself. You're speaking for family members, friends, classmates of yours in school ... who may not have a voice, who can't legally vote. But they're counting on you to make sure that you have the courage to make your voice heard. 
One outlet offering a more benign interpretation is Breitbart , which writes, 'Obama's reply was clumsily worded, but he appeared to say that if a U.S. citizen with illegal alien family members who continue to stay in the U.S. in defiance of the law votes, immigration authorities will not use that voters' information to begin deportation proceedings against their illegal alien relatives.” And, truth be known, Obama's reply was clumsy. 
Or brilliant. 
In a Machiavellian sort of way. 
While Breitbart's is one interpretation, another is that Obama was cleverly giving a green light for illegal voting while giving himself plausible deniability that he was not doing so. Note that he didn't take issue with Rodriguez' absurd notion that the mere fact of being present in the country and 'contributing,” whatever that means (others would say 'leeching”), makes one a 'citizen.” Given this, Obama's statement that 'when you vote, you are a citizen yourself” could be taken to mean that the mere act of 'participating” in our civic life makes you a citizen in spirit. 
Note also that Obama subsequently said that you have even more of a reason to cast a ballot if you have relatives who 'can't legally vote” (emphasis added). Does this imply that they 'can”— a word denoting capability , not what one should do ethically — vote illegally? After all, they certainly can , given that illegals can obtain driver's licenses in many states, and proof of citizenship may not be a prerequisite for voting . Realize, too, that Obama has been flooding the US with illegals, ordering they not be deported and that the border patrol stand down. It's logical to assume he's doing this for a reason. 
The obvious answer to Rodriguez' question was, 'Only citizens may vote, and if you're a citizen, why would the government be interested in investigating you for not being one?” That Obama didn't thus respond is suspicious. 
It's also a distinct possibility that Obama had been told of the question in advance and that this was why he could craft a Machiavellian response. WikiLeaks has exposed a shocking amount of collusion between the media and Democrat Party, with a New York Times reporter giving Hillary Clinton veto power over quotations and media figures feeding her debate questions ahead of time. Then there are the even more recent revelations that CNN and the Democratic National Committee colluded in devising questions to be asked of Donald Trump and Senator Ted Cruz, and that a Washington Post journalist asked the DNC for anti-Trump research for an article. 
As to possible Rodriguez/Obama collusion, please observe the host's reaction, at 22-23 seconds in the first video, when Obama replies 'when you vote, you're a citizen yourself,” an answer which begins at 18 seconds. She appears as if she may be suppressing a self-satisfied smirk. 
If so, there are only a few possible explanations. She might have simply been kvelling at being seated with the president — yet this doesn't explain why she registered that reaction at that particular moment. She might have been thoroughly pleased that Obama appeared to affirm her notion that 'contributing” equals citizenship. 
Or she might have been reveling in helping to orchestrate a well-oiled con, in being a facilitator of clever, agenda-advancing wordplay. 
Of course, this is conjecture. Readers can review the relevant portion of the video a number of times and draw their own conclusions. 
Whatever the case — whether the answer was off-the-cuff or calculated — it reveals Obama's heart. He's a president who has repeatedly trampled the Constitution, the supreme law of the land. In opposing voter ID, the absence of which shocked the UN observers who monitored our 2012 election, Obama has signaled that he wishes to facilitate illegal voting. We also have seen Project Veritas videos in which a Democrat operative boasted that liberals have been committing vote fraud for '50 years.” Moreover, a recently released WikiLeaks e-mail shows that the Clinton campaign believes that in 2008 Obama operatives 'flooded the caucuses with ineligible voters.” And the best predictor of future (mis)behavior is past (mis)behavior. 
If there is any doubt about Obama's MiTu answer, he certainly hasn't earned the benefit of it.  
ARTICLE

Email 
Poll-watching junkies are having a field day. There is one poll or another publishing its results on an almost hourly basis. As this is being written on noon Sunday, for instance, Investors Business Daily (IBD), which touts its survey as 'the most accurate poll in recent presidential elections," has Donald Trump ahead of Hillary Clinton by one point. The USC Dornsife/ Los Angeles Times ' 'Daybreak” poll shows Trump ahead of Clinton by five points. 
Nate Silver, in his FiveThirtyEight 2016 Election Forecast, has Clinton's chance of winning at 64.7 percent versus Trump's 35.3 percent. Silver predicts Clinton will win 48.4 percent of the popular vote (versus Trump's 45.5 percent, which will give her 291 Electoral College votes to Trump's 246. 
In its running summary of other polls, Real Clear Politics shows Clinton up by 1.8 percent over Trump in the popular vote, while in the Electoral College it's Clinton with 216 and Trump with 164, leaving 158 votes as 'toss ups." 
There are at least two other prognosticators who don't rely on polls at all, and they are predicting Trump will win on Tuesday. The first was explained by Tyler Durden at ZeroHedge back in January when he said that the stock market would predict November's winner: This relationship occurs because the stock market reflects the economic outlook in the weeks leading up to the election. A rising stock market indicates an improving economy, which means rising confidence and increases the chances of the incumbent party's re-election. Therefore, your time might be better spent from August through October watching the stock market rather than the debates if you want to know who will be President for the next four years. 
Right on cue the stock market has declined nine days in a row (through last Friday), the first time that has happened since 1980. But more importantly is how it has behaved since Monday, August 1. The S&P 500 Index has declined by 4.5 percent which, according to Durden, translates into an 86 percent chance of Trump's winning on Tuesday. 
And then there's the professor from Stony Brook University, Helmut Norpoth, and his 'Primary Model”. Writes Norpoth on his website: Winning early primaries is a major key for electoral victory in November. Trump won the Republican primaries in both New Hampshire and South Carolina, while Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders split the Democratic primaries in those states…. For the record the Primary Model … has correctly predicted the winner of the popular vote in all five presidential elections since it was introduced in 1996…. For elections from 1912 to 2012 the Primary Model [has retroactively picked] the winner … every time except in 1960. 
Accordingly, Norpoth gives Trump an 87 percent chance of winning Tuesday's election. 
There's also his 'pendulum” model: What favors the GOP in 2016 as well … is the cycle of presidential elections. After two terms of Democrat Barack Obama in the White House the electoral pendulum is poised to swing to the GOP this year…. Donald Trump is predicted to defeat Hillary Clinton by 52.5 percent to 47.5 percent. 
In the 'for what it's worth” category, as this is being written, futures for Monday's open are also turning negative. If the market closes down again on Monday, the 10th day in a row, it will only add validity to both Durden's and Norpoth's prediction: Trump will win on Tuesday. 
Also, Professor Norpoth has such confidence in his models that he is using his own money to bet on Trump to win. 

An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .  
ARTICLE

Email 
In a report released November 2 by the California state attorney general's office, private educational technology companies are warned to be very vigilant in their handling of sensitive student data obtained by them in the course of their dealings with public schools. 
'In some instances we're seeing evidence of companies mining data from school children beyond what's necessary for their education,” said Daniel Suvor, chief of policy for California Attorney General Kamala Harris. 
Harris's office released their report, entitled "Ready for School: Recommendations for the Ed Tech Industry to Protect the Privacy of Student Data," to convince these corporate educational conglomerates with substantial contracts with school districts nationwide to come up with procedures that aren't careless with the private data obtained from students in the course of complying with the various standardized tests and other activities required as part of the big money agreements signed by administrators and the companies. 
According to the report, education has become an $8-billion-a-year business. No wonder these companies care so much about pleasing their clients. 
The purpose of the report and its recommendations is to limit "the collection and use of the student information acquired through the technology,” Harris' office said in a written statement. 
As a teacher, this writer can witness firsthand to the subtle and substantial ways that these "educational companies" collect personal data from students. I have seen the forms that these companies include as part of their packets, and the information demanded of students goes far beyond anything necessary for the purpose of improving education or the classroom experience. 
Naturally, much of this data mining comes from the adoption by so many states of the Common Core standards. 
Common Core State Standards Initiative is the official name of the scholastic standards copyrighted by the Washington, D.C.-based National Governors Association (NGA) and the Council of Chief State School Officers (CCSSO). Common Core has come under significant fire from parents, teachers, and school administrators across the country, who declare that the standards are a bid by the federal government to take over the education system. Additionally, privacy advocates have voiced concerns over the distribution to contractors of personally identifiable information about students and their families. 
As we noted in an article entitled " Orwellian Nightmare: Data Mining Your Kids, " published in 2013: One of the most troubling aspects of the 'education reforms” currently being advanced by the Obama administration and its allies is the unprecedented monitoring and tracking of students — invasions of privacy so pervasive George Orwell might blush. Everything from biometric data to information on children's beliefs and families is already being vacuumed up. Opponents of the 'reform” agenda have highlighted the cradle-to-grave accumulation of private and intimate data as among the most compelling reasons to kill the whole process. Aside from data produced by the looming Common Core-aligned national testing regime, most of the data-mining schemes are not technically direct components of the plot to nationalize education standards. However, the vast collection of personal information and the accompanying data-mining are intricately linked to the federally backed standards in multiple ways, not to mention myriad other federal schemes. Despite protestations to the contrary, the new standards and the data collection go together hand in hand. 
Later in the piece, we presented some evidence of just how massive the menace has grown: All across the country today, Big Brother-like technological developments in biometrics are also making schools increasingly Orwellian. Earlier this year in Polk County, Florida, for example, students' irises were scanned without parental consent. 'It simply takes a picture of the iris, which is unique to every individual,” wrote the school board's 'senior director of support services” in a letter to parents. 'With this program, we will be able to identify when and where a student gets on the bus, when they arrive at their school location, when and what bus the student boards and disembarks in the afternoon. This is an effort to further enhance the safety of our students. The EyeSwipe-Nano is an ideal replacement for the card based system since your child will not have to be responsible for carrying an identification card.” In San Antonio, Texas, meanwhile, a female student made national news — and exposed what was going on — when she got in a legal battle with school officials over her refusal to wear a mandatory radio-frequency identification (RFID) device. The same devices are already being implanted under people's skin in America and abroad — albeit voluntarily. Also in the biometric field, since at least 2007, children in states such Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and New Jersey have been fingerprinted at school under the guise of 'school lunch” programs and other pretexts. 
"Most of the companies we spoke to throughout this process thought it made sense for us to lay a set of recommendations they could use to govern the sector,” Suvor said, after a meeting with the companies involved in the collection of student data. 
Again, it's not hard to see why these companies would bend over backward for the school districts considering the enormous financial benefits that they derive from playing according to the schools' rules. 
Of course, our children wouldn't be subjected to this siphoning of data if the people of the states would come to understand one simple and undeniable fact: The Constitution does not grant to the federal government any authority over education. 
Parents must demand that administrators and state education officials refuse to enter into a contract with any company for any reason for any amount of money that would carry out federally mandated information collection. Furthermore, the people must insist that their local leaders reject out of hand any educational program or policy that would turn our children into informants. 
If we fail to force our elected leaders to adhere to their constitutionally imposed oaths of office, we will find that our children are the latest individuals to be caught in the ever-expanding net of federal surveillance, putting our youngsters under the never-blinking eye of the potentate on the Potomac.  
ARTICLE

Email 
As Election Day approaches, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton knows that she must be able to count on the votes of the black community, a bloc that has been a reliable Democratic constituency for decades. 
In light of some of the revelations in the WikiLeaks e-mail dump, the Clinton campaign is worried that they may actually have a fight on their hands on Tuesday for the support of African Americans. 
Even President Obama senses the danger. 
In an article covering a campaign stop in North Carolina made by the current Oval Office occupant, CBS News reported on November 3 that Obama "worries now the black vote 'is not as solid as it needs to be' for Hillary Clinton." 
His fears may be well-founded. Here's the situation as reported by CBS News: An Associated Press analysis of early voting data in North Carolina shows blacks have cast 111,000 fewer ballots than at this point four years ago, when Obama lost the state by about 92,000 votes. Clinton aides note that GOP officials there reduced early voting sites for the initial week of early voting, and they say they can make up the difference by Election Day now that more sites are opening. Black voters' share of early ballots request is also down a few percentage points in Florida and Ohio, though the Clinton campaign points to strong early turnout in key urban counties with large numbers of blacks and Hispanics. 
It's not as if Hillary Clinton is just sitting back, trusting that blacks will show up for her on Election Day. She's attacking her Republican opponent, Donald Trump, calling him a threat to the black community. Again, from CBS News: Her [Hillary Clinton's] campaign is broadcasting an ad on black-audience radio stations hailing the former secretary of state as 'fighting for us,” in contrast to Trump 'demeaning our community.” A female voice in the ad says, 'Listen to how he talks about us.” One audio clip has Trump singling out a black supporter at a rally in California: 'Look at my African-American over here,” he said. In another, Trump lambasted Obama as 'the most ignorant president in our history.” 
There is evidence, however, that some black voters are focused less on what Trump said about President Obama in a stump speech and more on what Clinton said about African Americans when she thought no one was listening. 
Black Conservatives Fund (BCF), a non-profit organization dedicated to representing the views of center-right African American voters, just launched a targeted paid media campaign intended to reach minority millennial voters in swing states who are still considering the qualities of the two major party candidates running for the White House. 
Their advertising features two spots highlighting Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton's previous comments expressing contempt for black Americans, calling them 'super-predators” and claiming they'd make up her 'firewall” against Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) in the 2016 primary. 
The ad, 'Hillary Hates,” features the candidate's 1996 comments where she was caught using racially divisive undertones to champion a bill that ultimately locked up a generation of black men. The ad also uses 2016 footage of her run-ins with Black Lives Matter protesters. 'We're not just the only conservative group going after black voters on television — we're the only group, period,” Black Conservatives Fund Senior Adviser Ali Akbar said. 
With a television buy in Ohio and North Carolina, the ad is supplemented by a sizable digital buy that spans across Facebook, Instagram, and smaller, highly targeted web publications. The cable time has been reserved across BET, CNN, ESPN, HGTV, and USA networks in these states. 
The digital ad buy stretches into at least three other states not being targeted on television. In total, the group has planned a six-figure commitment to their advertising campaign for the remainder of the 2016 general election, hoping to move the needle away from a candidate who, when the election isn't days away, uses language to describe black voters that would cause substantial media furor if such statements were made by a Republican presidential hopeful. 
'Make no mistake: our aim isn't to suppress African American votes. Instead, we're telling black voters to make sure they participate in this election, but they need to remember what Hillary Clinton thinks of them,” Akbar said. 'We are confident that our message will have significant reach, since Democrats have neglected advertising to them this cycle.” 
Akbar's message might be reaching the right homes, as even the New York Times has reported that early voting among blacks is down in key states and that this electoral anomaly might turn out to be "canary in a coal mine" indicating that black voters aren't as monolithic or as easily duped as the Clinton campaign and the DNC thinks they are. From the Times article published on November 1: African-Americans are failing to vote at the robust levels they did four years ago in several states that could help decide the presidential election, creating a vexing problem for Hillary Clinton as she clings to a deteriorating lead over Donald J. Trump with Election Day just a week away. As tens of millions of Americans cast ballots in what will be the largest-ever mobilization of early voters in a presidential election, the numbers have started to point toward a slump that many Democrats feared might materialize without the nation's first black president on the ticket. 
For its part, the BCF has not been a backer of Trump from the beginning. In fact, during the primary campaign, the group endorsed, contributed to, and made independent expenditures for Dr. Ben Carson and then Senator Ted Cruz. 
Subsequently, BCF focused on down-ballot races and driving Hillary Clinton's negatives higher with black voters. The PAC has been recognized by outlets such as National Review for being one of the most efficient grassroots PACs. 
'Once every four years the black community is courted then subsequently abandoned by Hillary Clinton Democrats,” Akbar concluded. 'Amid numerous protests by black millennials against Hillary Clinton's candidacy, the black vote was again taken for granted. No more.” 
Despite the valiant efforts of the BCF and other constitutionally minded, liberty-loving black voters, it is almost certain that Hillary Clinton will run away with the black vote by a substantial margin. 
That isn't the issue, though. The issue is that we may be witnessing the early days of a generational shift by the African American community away from being a Democratic Party "fire wall" — as Clinton dismissively declared them — and toward being a voting bloc that doesn't turn a blind eye to the disrespectful and dismissive way it has been treated by a Democratic Party that does little to improve the quality of life of this important and politically powerful minority.  
ARTICLE

Email 
Flush with money from selling inexpensive goods (made by what is in effect slave labor) in the American market, the Chinese communists are continuing their shopping spree by buying up businesses connected with the U.S. entertainment industry. The New American recently reported on the Chinese purchase of AMC (which owns hundreds of movie theaters in the United States) and the desire of a high-ranking member of the Chinese Communist Party to buy an American movie studio. 
Now, the Chinese firm Wanda, which is owned by the Chinese Communist government, has bought Dick Clark Productions for about $1 billion. 
Begun in 1957 by the famed host of American Bandstand who died in 2012, Dick Clark Productions produces the Golden Globe Awards, the American Music Awards, and Billboard Music Awards. 
Wanda is run by Wang Jianlin, who is considered China's wealthiest man and is a top figure in the ruling oligarchy of the Chinese Communist Party. 
Xiaoma Lu, the CEO of Wanda Investment, stated, 'We are excited to partner with such an iconic company and look forward to supporting the management team as they continue to build the company and expand upon its enormous legacy.” 
Wang assured that after the purchase business will continue as usual, with the new owners retaining the current executives, including Chairman Peter Guber, CEO Allen Shapiro, and President Michael Mahan. Present owner Todd Boehly will remain as an advisor to Wanda. 
Another previous Wanda buy was $3.5 billion for Legendary Entertainment, the studio that produced Pacific Rim , Warcraft , and the soon-to-be released The Great Wall , starring Matt Damon. 
The moves by Wang and the Chinese government into the U.S. entertainment industry have raised some concern in Congress. In September, 16 members of the U.S. House of Representatives wrote a letter to the U.S. Government Accountability Office asking for them to scrutinize Chinese purchases of American entertainment companies as a national security concern. The letter mentioned recent Chinese efforts to 'censor topics and exert propaganda controls on American media.” 
Because of the sheer size of the Chinese movie market, among other reasons, the U.S. industry has already shown extreme caution not to offend the communist giant. For example, when the 1980s movie Red Dawn was recently re-made, the new script originally called for the invaders to be Chinese communists (rather than Russian communists as in the original movie) attempting to take over America. After the film had already been made, MGM became concerned enough about the Chinese reaction to recast the invaders as North Koreans . One supposes there aren't many moviegoers in North Korea. 
And that was before Wanda took over AMC. 
The propaganda opportunities for Wanda and the Chinese communists in the motion picture and television industries far surpass any such possibilities to be advanced by growing wheat, making cars, or selling cheap goods at American retail stores. For many people, once they have viewed an event on the silver screen, or heard someone say something in a movie theater, or even on television, it becomes 'reality” for them. 
Writing in the communist newspaper The Daily Worker in 1925, Will Muezenberg explained the importance of the movie industry in advancing the goals of the communist world. Muezenberg, an agent of the Comintern (created to spread communist ideology and promote Soviet interests worldwide) stated, 'One of the most pressing tasks confronting the Communist Party in the field of propaganda is the conquest of this extremely important propaganda unit [the movies], until now the monopoly of the ruling class. We must wrest it from them and turn it against them.” 
And that is precisely what is involved in the Chinese move into Hollywood and television.  
ARTICLE

Email 
On November 4, the National Rifle Association (NRA) called on Americans concerned about the future of the right to keep and bear arms to focus their attention on electing pro-Second Amendment senators in the upcoming federal elections. 
These senators, the NRA explains, will be the last obstacle standing between the United Nation's Arms Trade Treaty's (ATT) forced civilian disarmament and the continuation of gun rights in America. But that's just the beginning. As you know, the U.S. Senate also ratifies international treaties. Right now, at the United Nations, the Arms Trade Treaty — which could subject American gun owners to international gun registration, monitoring and global gun-control 'norms” that would be defined on the fly — is just waiting, like unexploded ordnance, for an anti-gun U.S. Senate to call it in. Under President Obama, Secretary of State John Kerry signed onto the Arms Trade Treaty. All the treaty needs to become the law of the land is for the U.S. Senate to ratify it. 
While it is certainly wise to fill the Senate (and the House, for that matter) with representatives committed to upholding the Constitution, there are other, surer and more constitutionally sound ways of blocking the unconstitutional confiscation of weapons and ammunition that would be carried out should the UN's Arms Trade Treaty by enforced in the United States. 
The most powerful check citizens of the states have on the seizure of weapons by the UN or its American allies is the nullification of any and all unconstitutional acts of the federal government. 
Nullification is the exercise by states of their retained authority to hold as null, void, and of no legal effect any act of the federal government that exceeds its constitutionally enumerated powers. This availability of this tactic is proclaimed and protected by the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
The NRA is correct, though, that the ATT is so offensive to the preservation of the right to keep and bear arms that it is an understatement to call it unconstitutional. As The New American has reported, several provisions of this treaty significantly diminish the scope of this basic right. 
First, the Arms Trade Treaty grants a monopoly over all weaponry in the hands of the very entity (government) responsible for over 300 million murders in the 20th century. 
Furthermore, the treaty leaves private citizens powerless to oppose future slaughters. 
An irrefutable fact of armed violence unaddressed by the UN in its gun grab is that all the murders committed by all the serial killers in history don't amount to a fraction of the brutal killings committed by "authorized state parties" using the very weapons over which they will exercise absolute control under the terms of the Arms Trade Treaty. 
Article 2 of the treaty defines the scope of the treaty's prohibitions. The right to own, buy, sell, trade, or transfer all means of armed resistance, including handguns, is denied to civilians by this section of the Arms Trade Treaty. 
Article 3 places the 'ammunition/munitions fired, launched or delivered by the conventional arms covered under Article 2” within the scope of the treaty's prohibitions, as well. 
Article 4 rounds out the regulations, also placing all 'parts and components” of weapons within the scheme. 
Perhaps the most immediate threat to the rights of gun owners in the Arms Trade Treaty is found in Article 5. Under the title of 'General Implementation,” Article 5 mandates that all countries participating in the treaty 'shall establish and maintain a national control system, including a national control list.” 
This list should 'apply the provisions of this Treaty to the broadest range of conventional arms.” 
Article 12 adds to the record-keeping requirement, mandating that the list include 'the quantity, value, model/type, authorized international transfers of conventional arms,” as well as the identity of the 'end users” of these items. 
In very clear terms, ratification of the Arms Trade Treaty by the United States would require that the U.S. government force gun owners to add their names to the national registry. Citizens would be required to report the amount and type of all firearms and ammunition they possess. 
Section 4 of Article 12 of the treaty requires that the list be kept for at least 10 years. 
Finally, the agreement demands that national governments take 'appropriate measures” to enforce the terms of the treaty, including civilian disarmament. If these countries can't get this done on their own, however, Article 16 provides for UN assistance, specifically including help with the enforcement of 'stockpile management, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes.” 
In fact, a 'voluntary trust fund” will be established to assist those countries that need help from UN peacekeepers or other regional forces to disarm their citizens. 
There is no way that the men and women of the United States can hope to maintain their hard-won liberty — liberty that cost the lives, fortunes, and sacred honor of some of the greatest men of the 18th century — without the ability to put up an armed resistance to tyrants and to their armed enforcers. 
The truth is, though, the Senate — in collusion with the president and the Supreme Court — has shrunk the scope of the Second Amendment despite the fact that the plain language of the Second Amendment explicitly forbids any infringement on this right that protects all others. 
In fact, the reason for inclusion of the Second Amendment in the Bill of Rights had little to do with the British and more to do with future attempts by an out-of-control, all-powerful central authority disarming the American people as a step toward tyranny. 
Take, for example, statements by our forefathers regarding the purpose of the passage of this amendment. In commenting on the Constitution in 1833, Joseph Story wrote: The right of the citizens to keep and bear arms has justly been considered, as the palladium of the liberties of a republic; since it offers a strong moral check against the usurpation and arbitrary power of rulers; and will generally, even if these are successful in the first instance, enable the people to resist and triumph over them." 
In his own commentary on the works of the influential jurist Blackstone, Founding-era legal scholar St. George Tucker wrote: This may be considered as the true palladium of liberty.... The right of self defense is the first law of nature: in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest limits possible. Wherever standing armies are kept up, and the right of the people to keep and bear arms is, under any color or pretext whatsoever, prohibited, liberty, if not already annihilated, is on the brink of destruction. 
Writing in The Federalist , Alexander Hamilton explained: If the representatives of the people betray their constituents, there is then no resource left but in the exertion of that original right of self-defense which is paramount to all positive forms of government, and which against the usurpations of the national rulers, may be exerted with infinitely better prospect of success than against those of the rulers of an individual state. 
To accomplish this urgent task of protecting this "true palladium of liberty," it would be better if Americans adopted a two-pronged attack on the Arms Trade Treaty, rather than relying alone on senators in Washington, D.C. to stand steadfastly against those who would confiscate the firearms from Americans. 
First, as the NRA suggests, we must elect federal senators who will refuse to ratify the globalists' gun grabbing scheme. 
Second, and perhaps most important and effective, Americans should elect state representatives and governors who will refuse to cooperate with the federal government in any unconstitutional program, particularly one that would leave citizens at the mercy of the government's monopoly on arms that would be created by the enforcement of the Arms Trade Treaty.  
ARTICLE

Email 
Republican presidential contender Donald Trump has received a lot of flak in the media for alleging that the election is 'rigged” and implying that he may contest the results of the election if he loses. But what happened in Virginia provides fodder to claims that Democrats are pulling out all the stops to secure Hillary Clinton's victory. Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe (shown) has granted voting rights to 60,000 convicted felons in time to register to vote, which the Daily Caller notes could be enough to swing the election in Hillary Clinton's favor. 
Earlier this year, Governor McAuliffe, a close personal friend of the Clinton family who personally guaranteed a loan for the purchase of their home in Chappaqua, New York in 1999, attempted to use an executive order to restore the voting rights of over 200,000 convicted felons — including violent and repeat offenders. 
State Delegate James Edmunds declared Governor McAuliffe's actions to be in violation of the state's constitution: The Constitution of Virginia grants the Governor the authority to restore the civil rights of convicted felons. The Constitution also vests the clemency power in the office of the Governor. However, that authority is limited and must be applied on an individual basis. The Constitution says no "person" may vote unless "his" civil rights have been restored by the Governor. 
According to Edmunds, Governor McAuliffe's blanket restoration of voting rights 'undermin[es] the strength of the criminal justice system and the sanctity of our civil rights.” 
Breitbart News' Ken Klukowski notes that even Clinton's running mate, former Virginia Governor Tim Kaine, concluded when he was governor that he did not have the legal authority to grant such rights to all Virginia felons. Kaine heeded the advice of his lawyers, who said that 'power could be exercised only in particular cases to named individuals for whom a specific grant of executive clemency is sought,” and further wrote that the 'notion that the Constitution of the Commonwealth would be rewritten via executive order is troubling.” 
Fortunately, the Virginia Supreme Court ruled in July that governors cannot issue a blanket restoration of felons' right to vote en masse, but instead must consider them on a case-by-case basis. That ruling invalidated McAuliffe's sweeping executive order restoring voting privileges to more than 200,000 felons who'd completed their sentences. 
The court's ruling did not stop him, however. The Daily Caller writes, 'To get around that, McAuliffe used a mechanical autopen to rapidly sign thousands of letters, as if he had personally reviewed them.” 
McAuliffe's office claimed that voting rights were restored to 13,000 felons, which Republicans discovered 'mistakenly” included 132 sex offenders still in custody and several convicted murderers on probation in other states. But the Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group learned that the actual number was much higher, closer to 60,000, a significant figure that could make a difference in the battleground state. 
However, Clara Belle Wheeler, Republican vice-chairman of the Virginia Board of Elections, states that McAuliffe's use of the autopen may not have satisfied the state's requirement that mandates each person's record be reviewed before voting rights can be restored. 
'I think the General Assembly caucus that brought suit made it abundantly clear that you must look at each person and evaluate each individual person's record: have they served their time, have they paid their restoration if it was due, have they finished their probation, are they citizens, have they not been arrested for some other crime,” Wheeler said. 'The code of Virginia requires that each person is treated as an individual rather than as a bulk because each individual has a different set of circumstances and those should be evaluated.” 
Meanwhile, the 60,000 felon voters could turn the tides of the election, notes the Daily Caller: Virginia's recent political history has seen multiple races that were decided by tiny margins. The 2014 U.S. Senate race, for example, was decided by only 17,000 votes, while the attorney general's race came down to a mere 165 votes. 
Wheeler confirmed that the additional 60,000 votes had the potential to impact the outcome of the election. When the Daily Caller raised this concern, she responded, 'I am acutely and chronically aware of that.” 
Of the two presidential contenders, Clinton could potentially benefit significantly from the additional votes, according to a 2014 study in The Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science , which found, 'Democrats would benefit from additional ex-felon participation.” 
The study's authors, professors from the University of Pennsylvania and Stanford University, found that in some states, felons register Democratic by more than six-to-one. They also cited a study that found 73 percent of convicts who turn out for presidential elections would vote Democrat. 
But McAuliffe purports that his intentions were not politically motivated, but were instead merely to remove barriers from those who have been unfairly disenfranchised, particularly minorities. 'Restoring the rights of Virginians who have served their time and live, work and pay taxes in our communities is one of the pressing civil rights issues of our day,” McAuliffe said in a statement. 'I have met these men and women and know how sincerely they want to contribute to our society as full citizens again.” 
Yet, the Daily Caller reports that after McAuliffe's efforts to restore voting privileges to 200,000 felons, Clinton's staff called it a 'great announcement” in an e-mail and set up a call about it. 
It's worth noting that Governor McAuliffe's political action committee donated nearly $500,000 to the 2015 Virginia state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, wife of Andrew McCabe, the now deputy director of the FBI who helped supervise the probe of Clinton's mishandling of classified information. 
It pays to have friends in positions of power. 
Governor McAuliffe's actions are yet another example of the election 'rigging” to which Trump has referred throughout his campaign. 
The GOP nominee told supporters at a midnight rally in Virginia that the governor is 'letting criminals cancel out the votes of law-abiding citizens.” 
Other examples of election rigging cited by Trump include a 'corrupt media” and an opponent he stated 'shouldn't be allowed to run” because of her e-mail crimes.  
ARTICLE

Email 
When FBI Director James Comey (shown on right) announced that the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private, unsecured e-mail server was being reopened, there seemed reason for cautious hope that justice just might be served. That hope, it would appear, was in vain. Comey announced Sunday afternoon, eight days after it was revealed that 650,000 e-mails were found on the laptop belonging to Anthony Weiner, that the FBI again was closing the investigation without recommending indictment. 
Donald Trump wasted no time accusing the FBI of pulling punches and being part of a 'rigged system” protecting Clinton from the consequences of her crimes. On Sunday night, he told a crowd of 8,000 in the Detriot, Michigan, suburb of Sterling Heights, 'The investigations into her crimes will go on for a long, long time.” He added, 'The rank-and-file special agents in the FBI won't let her get away with her terrible crimes — including the deletion of 33,000 emails after receiving a congressional subpoena.” Trump's remarks drew enthusiastic applause from the crowd, many of whom were undoubtedly aware of Comey's decision hours earlier. Trump went on to say, 'Right now she's being protected by a rigged system!” As proof of that 'rigged system,” Trump said, 'You can't review 650,000 new emails in eight days! You can't do it, folks!” 
But is Trump correct? He has shown his woeful lack of understanding of technology in the past, referring to the need to protect 'the Cyber” in the first presidential debate and calling on Americans to 'boycott Apple until such time as they give that security number” for the encrypted iPhone used by San Bernardino shooter, Syed Farook. Of course there is no such animal as 'the Cyber,” and Apple had made clear the fact (known by anyone who knows anything at all about the way encryption — especially that found on any iPhone running iOS 8 and up — works) that it did not hold 'that security number” to unlock Farook's device. Listening to Trump discuss technology is sometimes like trying to explain to your grandmother that Facebook is a website you visit, not something 'on your computer.” So, is Trump's assertion that it would be impossible to 'review 650,000 new emails in eight days” just another of his disconnected moments as he looks for the correct exit to get off 'the information superhighway”? Or was he on to something. 
As it happens, he was right on the money. 
Even with powerful, modern computers and a large team trained to sift the data, it is difficult to believe that the FBI actually looked at, analyzed, cross referenced, and cleared 650,000 e-mails in eight days. That would be 81,250 per day. Even if the FBI team working on clearing those e-mails was comprised of 500 agents (an unrealistic number), they would each have had to clear more than 20 e-mails an hour. This assumes an eight-hour workday and the agents (all 500 of them) working over the weekend. 
The task would have required an agent actually reading each e-mail and cross referencing the information it contained. Simply doing a keyword search would not have been sufficient, since that would require that the agents all know every keyword to be found in all classified e-mails — or at least have a master-list of those keywords (which would be a security nightmare to create and maintain). Plus, it is likely that an e-mail discussing classified intelligence would not use any of those keywords anyway. 
So, Trump is correct: 'You can't review 650,000 new emails in eight days!” Taking into account, then, that there was not time to make the determination (based on the data) that there was insufficient cause to recommend indictment, it also appears that Clinton is 'being protected by a rigged system.” 
Unfortunately for Clinton, that system may not extend to either the 'rank-and-file special agents in the FBI” or the rank-and-file detectives in the NYPD. As The New American reported when the reopened 'investigation” was made public, the case stems from a search that was conducted on the laptop of ex-congressman Anthony Weiner when NYPD officers and detectives served a search warrant in relation to allegations of child pornography. Once the investigators found the Clinton e-mails, they brought the FBI into the loop, and Comey announced that the investigation would be reopened. 
As The New American 's Selwyn Duke wrote then: Sex crimes with children, child exploitation, money laundering, perjury, and pay to play, reads the partial list of crimes that, claim New York City Police Department sources, could 'put Hillary and her crew away for life.” 
According to a report by True Pundit , those sources also said that if the FBI gave Clinton another pass, they were prepared to go public with the information themselves: NYPD detectives and a [sic] NYPD Chief, the department's highest rank under Commissioner, said openly that if the FBI and Justice Department fail to garner timely indictments against Clinton and co- conspirators, NYPD will go public with the damaging emails now in the hands of FBI Director James Comey and many FBI field offices. 'What's in the emails is staggering and as a father, it turned my stomach,” the NYPD Chief said. 'There is not going to be any Houdini-like escape from what we found. We have copies of everything. We will ship them to Wikileaks or I will personally hold my own press conference if it comes to that.” 
Hopefully between the rank-and-file FBI agents and the rank-and-file NYPD detectives, something may yet come of this. Of course, Clinton may be in the White House by then and the investigation could be even more mired in politics than it has been so far. Having another Clinton in the White House, it seems, would be just like the last time.  
ARTICLE

Email 
Obama recently criticized what he described as the 'wild-wild-west” flow information in America, outraged that 'conspiracy theorists” and skeptics of his global-warming theory now have a platform. He also reminisced on the days when just three establishment media outlets dominated the narrative, and were 'generally” trusted by Americans. 
Today, polls show Americans have overwhelmingly rejected the establishment media's deception, lies, and propaganda. That is why Obama and the establishment he serves are calling for a 'curating function” to help control information and the narrative. 
But the truth will remain the truth. And because the alternative media has done a better job of seeking and promoting the truth, in recent years it has seen an enormous increase in ratings and influence. This will continue as long as the truth is being reported – something the mischaracterized 'mainstream” media has not done in quite some time. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

Email 
The establishment has been celebrating that its Paris climate agreement has supposedly gone into effect on November 4. The pseudo-treaty, designed to regulate so-called greenhouse gas emissions, was negotiated by representatives of 195 countries at the 21st Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) in Paris and adopted by consensus last December 12. At least 55 parties to the UNFCCC, which are responsible for at least 55 percent of the world's carbon gas emissions, had to ratify the agreement for it to take effect. But the U.S. Senate was never given the opportunity to ratify the deal as required by the Constitution, meaning that, as far as the United States is concerned, Obama's UN agreement is legally meaningless. 
As of November 4, the agreement had been 'ratified” by 97 of the 197 UNFCCC parties, held to be responsible for 67.5 percent of emissions, according to France's environment minister Ségolène Royal, the outgoing president of the UN climate talks. Though the agreement is now supposed to be officially in force, its provisions will not be implemented until 2020. 
The Paris Agreement is the first climate deal that purports to bind all the world's governments, rich and poor, to a commitment to cap 'global warming,” which the UN and Obama allege is caused by the burning of coal, oil, and gas. 
A key feature of the agreement is that it will attempt to limit global warming to 'well below” two degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above pre-Industrial Revolution levels, and will to strive for 1.5 C. Of course, this provision presumes that annual global temperatures are determined by human activity and does not take into consideration that temperatures may be the result of natural cycles in the Earth's climate that have always occurred, long before mankind produced industrial carbon emissions. 
The assertion that humans are responsible for global warming was inherent in statements such as one issued jointly by UN climate chief Patricia Espinosa and Moroccan Foreign Minister Salaheddine Mezouar: 'Humanity will look back on November 4, 2016, as the day that countries of the world shut the door on inevitable climate disaster.” 
'The timetable is pressing because globally, greenhouse gas emissions which drive climate change and its impacts are not falling,” AFP quoted Espinosa and Mezouar as saying. 
The AFP report cited figures from the International Energy Agency stating that implementing the agreement's provisions would require 'investments” of $13.5 trillion in low-carbon and energy technology between now and 2030 — making up almost 40 percent of total energy sector spending. 
AFP also reported that presidential candidate Donald Trump has threatened to 'cancel” Washington's participation in the agreement if he is elected president on November 8. Secretary of State John Kerry signed the agreement for the United States on April 22. 
In an article posted by The New American on October 20 , foreign correspondent Alex Newman challenged a statement made by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon asserting that 'The Kigali Amendment to the [1987] Montreal Protocol [which the U.S. Senate ratified during the Reagan administration] builds on the strong global momentum for multilateral efforts to address climate change, including the landmark Paris Agreement.” 
Newman pointed out that Ban's statement omitted the fact that the U.S. Senate has not ratified the Paris Agreement. The article noted: Ironically, despite Ban's factually challenged boasting, the U.S. government is currently prohibited by law from sending a single taxpayer dollar the UNFCCC. The 'Paris Agreement” he mentioned, meanwhile, cannot possibly 'enter into force” as it relates to the United States, as the U.S. Senate has not even considered the radical 'climate” regime, much less ratified it by a two-thirds majority as required in the Constitution. 
A New York Times report noted that the Paris agreement relies on a carbon tax that would force industries to pay for the their carbon emissions, but that the framework for enforcing these penalties has barely started to emerge. The Times reported: Top energy policy makers and corporate leaders caution that it will be challenging to meet even the deal's modest goals to reduce planet-warming emissions of greenhouse gases. Many companies have not even figured out yet how much greenhouse gas they emit, much less made plans to curb these emissions. Rapid technological advances in areas like electric cars are not enough to stop the world's long climb in oil consumption, let alone reverse it. 
There are two separate but important reasons why the United States should not capitulate to UN climate mandates such as the Paris Agreement. The first, most basic reason is simply that any such international control over our economic activities is a violation of our national sovereignty. 
Beyond the matter of sovereignty, however, is the fact that the entire agenda aimed at reducing carbon emissions to prevent global warning is based on faulty science. In the above-cited article, Newman noted: In an August 22 piece ridiculing Obama's Secretary of State Kerry , scientist Larry Bell, who heads the University of Houston's graduate program in space architecture, took aim at the entire UN anti-HFC charade. Noting that the satellite data had shown no statistically significant global warming in two decades, Bell said Kerry was exploiting a 'manufactured crisis” to push his agenda. 
Fortunately, continued Newman: … the Paris Agreement, UN Agenda 2030, and all of the other recent globalist plots are built on a foundation of quicksand. With no ratification by the U.S. Senate, the UN instruments are legally meaningless in the United States, despite Obama's rule-by-decree machinations pretending to give them legitimacy. They could be stopped tomorrow using various different strategies. And even if the Senate were to ever ratify the schemes, the federal government cannot grant itself new powers merely by ratifying a treaty, as America's founders and even the Supreme Court have made clear. 
Over the past few years, The New American has published many articles refuting the 'global warming” hysteria (see list of related articles below for several of them). Among these is ' Earth Is Cooling, Sea Levels Not Rising, Scientists Say .” In that article, we cited statements made by a group of experts in various scientific fields at a three-day conference sponsored by the Chicago-based Heartland Institute in 2010 challenging the theory of alleged global warming caused by man-made emissions. 
Among the speakers at the conference was Dr. Don Easterbrook, emeritus professor of geology at Western Washington University. According to Professor Easterbrook, author of more than 150 peer-reviewed papers, the Earth is now in the beginning period of a trend of global cooling. 
'Rather than global warming at a rate of 1 degree Fahrenheit per decade, records of past natural cycles indicate there may be global cooling for the first few decades of the 21st century to about 2030,” said Easterbrook. The cooling trend, he continued, will likely be followed by 'global warming from about 2030 to 2060,” which will then be followed by another cooling spell for the next several decades. 
Easterbrook's statements merely confirm what has been observed by scientists for centuries. There has always been climate change, with ice ages occurring during some historic periods, and warming trends during others. These changes have not been the result of human activity, but are rather part of the Earth's natural cycles. 
Therefore, even if the Paris Agreement were not a violation of our sovereignty, its attempt to enforce arbitrary restrictions on UN member nations, including the United States, would be completely unwarranted, because they are based on a false underlying premise. Photo of Arc of Triumph illuminated in green with the words "Paris Agreement Is Done" in French: AP Images
ARTICLE

Email 
Let's talk sense about the election. Nothing is to be gained by refusing to face the hard facts. What are those facts? 
First of all, neither Hillary Clinton nor Donald Trump has the qualifications, the track record or the personal character to be President of the United States. 
Most of us could probably think of a number of people who would be better in the White House. But here, as elsewhere in life, we can only make our choices among the alternatives actually available. 
Those of us who have been disgusted by some of the things that Donald Trump has said and done need to face the fact that he is not running against Mother Teresa. His sins have been matched and exceeded by Hillary Clinton and her husband. 
As for accomplishments, Trump has none in politics, and business accomplishments do not automatically transfer into government. 
Hillary Clinton has been in politics for decades. But does she have even a single serious accomplishment to show for it? In the Senate, she accomplished nothing, and as Secretary of State far worse than nothing. 
Secretary Clinton carried out the foreign policy that destroyed two governments of countries which posed no threat whatever to America or to American interests in the Middle East. Each country is now moving in the direction of one of our two most dangerous enemies, Iran and Russia. 
Egypt is now planning joint military exercises with Russian forces. Libya has already seen the rise of Islamic terrorists who killed the American ambassador whom the Clinton State Department refused to provide the security he asked for repeatedly. 
So much for track records. As for personal character, would you want either of them living next door to your family? 
Donald Trump seems to think that it is OK for the government to seize someone else's home and turn the property over to him, so that he can build something — without having to pay what it would cost him to buy the home. We can't even discuss what he has said about women in a family newspaper. Add an almost childish egomania and you have a 70-year-old adolescent. 
Hillary Clinton is fundamentally very similar. But, having spent decades in the political limelight, she is far more experienced at concealing her ruthless and cunning contempt for anything and anybody that gets in the way of her personal enrichment and power. That includes contempt for the law. 
Long before her e-mails became an issue, Mrs. Clinton was evading subpoenas for records she had somehow "lost" in the White House when she was first lady. Both she and her husband perfected the tactic of stalling and stalling, until enough time had passed that they could say that an issue was now "old news" and that it was time to "move on." 
The issue before the voters, however, is not which of the two is the worse person. The issue is which is more dangerous to the future of America. Nor is this just a question of what will happen in the next four years. 
Whoever becomes President of the United States can appoint Supreme Court justices able to destroy the Constitution by "interpreting" its protections of freedom out of existence — not just for the next four years, but thereafter. 
Hillary Clinton is already on record as wanting a Supreme Court that will overturn recent decisions protecting free speech and upholding the right to bear arms. Everything in her past shows a contempt for law that makes her a very credible threat to dismantle the Constitution, whenever it gets in the way of her agenda. 
All it takes is a Senate controlled by fellow Democrats to let a President Clinton's judicial nominees be confirmed automatically, no matter how little regard for the Constitution those nominees have demonstrated. 
Donald Trump shows no such ideological agenda and has no such automatic support from Congressional Republicans as to have them rubber stamp either his judicial nominees or whatever other agenda he has. More than that, Trump can be impeached if he oversteps the bounds, without either the Republicans or the media screaming loud protests. 
Trump seems to pose much less danger — which, unfortunately, is the most we can expect this particular election year. 

Thomas Sowell is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305. His website is www.tsowell.com. To find out more about Thomas Sowell and read features by other Creators Syndicate columnists and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at www.creators.com . 
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

Email 
More than half of the regimes sitting on the United Nations Human Rights Council after last week's election have been categorized as unfree, sparking criticism and further ridicule of the global body ostensibly tasked with upholding the UN's vision of human rights. Among the latest selections to serve on the discredited global council are some of the most oppressive and murderous communist and Islamist dictatorships on the planet. That is despite the UN outfit's mandate saying that only member governments that 'uphold the highest standards in the promotion and protection of human rights” are eligible to join. Adding to the controversy, the Obama administration and Western powers remained silent as UN member governments chose some of the most barbaric regimes on Earth to police 'human rights” around the world. 
Of course, the selection of ruthless totalitarians to the UN's 'human rights” bureaucracy is nothing new . It got so bad more than a decade ago that the brutal regime of late Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi was selected to lead the UN 'Human Rights Commission.” After becoming a global laughingstock and discrediting the broader UN, the 'commission” was formally disbanded, being replaced by the new and supposedly improved 'council.” Like its predecessor, though, the UN Human Rights Council is now officially controlled by repressive, unelected governments. The UN's pseudo-'human rights” apparatus is also led by an extremist Muslim prince who constantly attacks the United States, free speech, gun rights, and other fundamental freedoms , while meddling in Western elections and covering up real atrocities perpetrated by child-raping UN 'peace” troops or dictatorial UN member governments. 
The latest list of selections for the UN body, chosen by UN member governments and tyrants, reads like a who's who of totalitarian regimes. Among the communist dictatorships that cruised to victory at the UN council, for example, was the regime enslaving mainland China, which has murdered more people than any government in human history. Conservative estimates suggest that the Communist Party state in Beijing is responsible for killing between 60 million and 100 million victims, not including those slaughtered in forced abortions. Despite ongoing atrocities that include harvesting organs from political and religious prisoners, forced abortions to enforce population control, ruthless persecution of Christians, massive censorship, a lack of elections, and more, 180 UN member states decided the autocracy in Beijing was well suited for the important human-rights post. 
Another savage communist regime to secure a seat on the UN body is the Castro-led Stalinist dictatorship enslaving Cuba, which received support from 160 out of 193 UN member states. In addition to its history of mass-murder and savage persecution of dissidents, the military autocracy continues to export communist terrorism and tyranny around the world . Indeed, Obama actually launched his political career in the home of Castro-backed communist terrorist Bill Ayers , whose treasonous terror group bombed U.S. targets, murdered police officers, and, according to the FBI, plotted to intern and execute millions of counter-revolutionary Americans with help from foreign dictatorships. 
Havana and Beijing both secured re-election, and will be sitting on the UN 'human rights” body with a good number of their ideological allies in Asia, Latin America, and beyond. Among the communist and socialist regimes on the council are those ruling Bolivia, Vietnam, South Africa, Ecuador, El Salvador, what remains of imploding Venezuela, and many more. Ironically, around the time of the 'elections” to the UN council, the brutal Nicolas Maduro regime in oil-rich Venezuela was sending its minions disguised as 'Non-Governmental Organizations” (NGOs) to praise the socialist tyrant's 'human rights” record. At home, Maduro is busy jailing political opponents, massacring protesters, and trying to prevent food riots as starved Venezuelans wait hours in line to get the bare essentials of life. 
Also taking a spot on the Human Rights Council was the Islamist regime in Saudi Arabia, which beheads apostates, bans Christianity, flogs and executes dissidents, and supports radical Islamism around the world. Over 175 people, including children and disabled people, literally lost their heads in 2014 to the Saudi regime's executioners, who typically use swords to behead those convicted of 'apostasy” from Islam and other supposed crimes. Sometimes, following a public beheading, the severed head is tied to the decapitated corpse and displayed in public, tied to a post, as a 'deterrent,” ISIS style. Others on the wrong side of the regime's 'justice” system can face public floggings, firing squads, the severing of hands, and other cruel and unusual punishments typically considered barbaric in civilized countries. The regime is also widely reported to use torture to extract confessions. 
The election of the Islamist Saudi Arabian regime, which has been criticized around the world, followed a successful but deeply controversial effort to have itself removed from a UN list of child killers for its ongoing killing and maiming of children in schools and hospitals in Yemen. It also drew outrage from watchdog groups, human-rights campaigners, and even pro-UN apparatchiks concerned that the UN was further discrediting itself on the world stage. 'The UN's election of Saudi Arabia as a world judge on human rights is like a town picking a pyromaniac to be the fire chief,” said Hillel Neuer, executive director of the non-profit watchdog group UN Watch. More than a few other Islamist regimes already sit on the UN body. 
According to a statement by UN Watch, a full 53 percent of the governments now sitting on the UN 'Human Rights Council” are what the organization referred to as 'non-democracies.” And indeed, many of the worst serial human-rights abusers are among them. 'The re-election of China, Cuba and Saudi Arabia — regimes which systematically violate the human rights of their citizens — casts a shadow upon the reputation of the United Nations,” continued Neuer, whose organization advocates reforming the system rather than shutting it down. Indeed, as the group has pointed out, the increasingly discredited UN body has instead focused its efforts on demonizing the State of Israel, which has been the target of more than half of all resolutions from the council aimed at a specific country. That is likely to continue. 
UN Watch also expressed 'disappointment” at what it described as the 'deafening silence” from the Obama administration and the European powers that 'deferred to dictators by refusing to speak out and campaign against them.” Neuer added that by remaining silent and turning a blind eye as dictators and human rights violators join and subvert the UN council, those governments 'are complicit in the world body's moral decline.” 'When the UN helps gross abusers act as champions and global judges of human rights, it's an insult to their political prisoners and their many other victims — and a defeat for the global cause of human rights,” he concluded. 'When the UN's highest human rights body becomes a case of the foxes guarding the henhouse, the world's victims suffer.” 
Other governments and dictatorships with troubling records selected in the latest process included those ruling Egypt, Rwanda, South Africa, Tunisia, Iraq, Brazil, and Guatemala. Many of those governments have come under fire for abuses. The increasingly extremist regime in South Africa, for example, is led by Jacob Zuma, who has been caught singing songs advocating genocide against vulnerable minorities on national television . They will be joining the oppressive regimes ruling Algeria, Burundi, Congo, Ivory Coast, Ethiopia, Kyrgyzstan, Maldives, Namibia, Morocco, Qatar, Viet Nam, and more. Vladimir Putin's controversial Russian government was defeated by a razor thin margin, with the governments of Croatia and Hungary selected from the Eastern European grouping instead. 
Even the neoconservative internationalist George W. Bush boycotted the dictator-dominated UN outfit that legitimizes gross human rights abusers and tyranny. The Obama administration, though, decided to re-join, and has now been selected as a member of the council, perhaps imagining that it can tie the hands of a potential President Trump. 'U.S. engagement has helped transform the Council into a more balanced and credible organization and has helped focus the global spotlight on grave violations and abuses of human rights around the world,” claimed Obama's controversial Secretary of State John Kerry. Among the alleged 'achievements” celebrated by Kerry was the UN body's unleashing of a radical homosexuality and gender-confusion czar to bully governments and dictators worldwide into submission to the so-called 'LGBT” agenda . 
Many critics who have ridiculed and blasted the UN Human Rights Council have argued that it can be 'reformed.” But despite all of the recommendations for 'reforming” the UN body, the problems with it and the broader UN are in reality systemic. To begin with, consider the UN's own 'Universal Declaration of Human Rights ,” which outlines what the UN misleadingly characterizes as the 'rights” of human beings. While the document offers lip service to various liberties, it is based on several premises that make it fundamentally incompatible with unalienable, God-given rights as understood in the United States — individual rights that the American Declaration of Independence says government is actually instituted to protect. 
Consider Article 29 of the UN declaration, for starters, which claims that 'rights” can be limited 'by law” under the guise of everything from 'public order” to 'the general welfare.” Separately, the same article claims that everyone has 'duties to the community” and that 'rights and freedoms” may 'in no case be exercised contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.” For perspective, that would be like the First Amendment saying Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, unless Congress dislikes the speech. The UN declaration also assumes 'rights” are bestowed by governments and treaties, whereas American traditions and jurisprudence are based on the idea that rights come from the Creator alone, and that governments exist merely to protect them. 
Seen in that light, suddenly the UN's bizarre and increasingly frequent rants citing "human rights" to argue against free speech, due process , educational freedom , parental rights , gun rights , the right to life , and so on make much more sense. Indeed, the UN's vision of 'human rights” is entirely contradictory to real God-given rights . The two visions are incompatible. The only solution for Americans who value real rights and freedoms, then, is to ditch the UN and its extremist agenda in favor of the U.S. Constitution and the pre-existing rights it enshrines. Legislation to secure an American exit (or Amexit) from the UN , the American Sovereignty Restoration Act , is already in Congress. All that is required now is more public pressure. And as the UN becomes increasingly extreme — even electing the world's most brutal dictatorships to its 'human rights” outfit — the pressure will almost certainly continue to build. Photo: UN Human Rights Council in Geneva 
Alex Newman, a foreign correspondent for The New American , is normally based in Europe. Follow him on Twitter @ALEXNEWMAN_JOU . He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 
Related articles:
ARTICLE

Email 
The underpinnings of a decent society are neutral laws — laws that favor no particular individual or group — and the impartial enforcement of those laws. The U.S. Supreme Court's job is to ensure the impartial enforcement of our laws. But our two presidential candidates differ in their visions of court appointees. Hillary Clinton says that she would "look broadly and widely for people who represent the diversity of our country" and that "we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights (and) on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community." In contrast, Donald Trump says, "I will appoint justices who, like Justice (Antonin) Scalia, will protect our liberty with the highest regard for the Constitution." Limited government and rule of law are conflict-reducing, whereas diversity-oriented justices who stand up for the rights of particular individuals are conflict-enhancing. Let's look at a simple example of the benefit of neutral rules and their impartial enforcement. 
Football teams spend four quarters battling each other. After the conflict, players and coaches shake hands and often hug one another. Their competitive struggle ends peacefully, as well as on friendly terms, because the referees, whom we can think of as justices, enforce neutral rules impartially. There would be a different outcome if referees exercised compassion instead of impartial rule enforcement. Let's be specific. 
On Nov. 20, the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Cleveland Browns will play. So far this season, the Browns have not won a single game; their record is 0-9. On top of this sad record, the Browns have not had a winning season since 2007. By contrast, the Steelers haven't had a losing season since 2003. In anyone's book, this is a gross disparity. On Nov. 20, should the referees have the empathy to understand what it's like to be a perennial loser? What would you think of a referee whose decisions are guided by empathy? Let's be explicit. 
In the name of compensatory justice, referees might stringently apply pass interference or roughing the passer violations against the Steelers and apply the rules less stringently against the Browns. Another question is: Would you support a referee who refuses to make defensive pass interference calls because he thinks it's a silly rule? You'd probably remind him that the league makes the rules, not referees. Most people would agree that football justice requires that referees apply the rules blindly and independent of the records or any other characteristic of the two teams. They would also agree that referees should impartially apply the rules of the game even if they personally disagree with some of the rules. 
If referees exercised compassion, football games would not end so peaceably. Losing coaches and players would not feel a need to go back to the drawing board and figure out how they could improve themselves. Instead, they would focus their energies on choosing sympathetic referees. 
The essence of a Supreme Court justice's job is just like that of a referee — namely, impartially enforcing the U.S. Constitution, our rules of the game. The status of a person appearing before the court should have absolutely nothing to do with the rendering of a decision. That's why Lady Justice, often appearing on court buildings, is shown wearing a blindfold. It's to indicate that justice should be meted out impartially, regardless of identity, power or weakness. Also, as Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes said, "men should know the rules by which the game is played. Doubt as to the value of some of those rules is no sufficient reason why they should not be followed by the courts." In other words, the legislative branch makes the rules, not judges. True justice must be settled by process questions, such as: Were the rules unbiased and evenly applied? If so, any outcome of the game of life is just. Decisions based upon empathy would make it unjust. 

Walter E. Williams is a professor of economics at George Mason University. To find out more about Walter E. Williams and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at www.creators.com . 
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

Email 
One week ago today, Don Kates (shown), a scholar with the Independent Institute in Oakland, California, passed away at the age of 75. He leaves a remarkable legacy of influence in the long war on guns, single-handedly igniting the renaissance of today's pro-gun movement with his scholarly work. 
During the iron age of gun control — the decade prior to the passage of the Brady Bill in 1994 during the Clinton administration — Kates' voice was the only one heard that supported an individual's right to keep and bear arms. So carefully crafted was his work that his article 'Handgun and the Original Meaning of the Second Amendment” was published in 1983 by the Michigan Law Review . 
At the time, claims that the Second Amendment protected an individual right to keep and bear arms were considered heresy. But the ripple effect kicked in when Sanford Levinson, the Garwood chair in law at the University of Texas Law School, read it, studied it (along with its sources), and followed it with his own work, 'The Embarrassing Second Amendment,” which was published shortly thereafter by the Y ale Law Journal . As C.D. Michel, a Second Amendment lawyer and author of the CalGunLaws.com blog, put it: [Levinson's article] echoed Kates' conclusions concerning the individual rights theory of the Second Amendment, but by appearing in one of the [nation's] top law journals, it attracted the attention of everyone, and launched an avalanche of academic digging into the origins of the Second Amendment…. All the scholarship that Kates indirectly ignited eventually fueled legal briefs filed before the Supreme Court in District of Columbia v. Heller , the 2008 case that reaffirmed [the individual citizen's] right to arms. 
A prolific writer, Kates predated works by researchers such as John Lott whose first book, More Guns, Less Crime , appeared in 2000 based on work he did in 1997. For instance, Kates' Restricting Handguns: The Liberal Skeptics Speak Out first appeared in 1979, followed by his Firearms and Violence: Issues of Public Policy , which was published in 1984. 
His recent works include Would Banning Firearms Reduce Murder and Suicide? A Review of International Evidence , published by the Social Science Resource Network in May 2006 and then republished a year later by the Harvard Journal of Law and Public Policy . 
His Heller, McDonald and Murder: Testing the More Guns, More Murder Thesis was first published by the Social Science Resource Network in April 2010 but then picked up and republished by Fordham University two years later. One of his last works before his death was Murder, Self-Defense, and the Right to Arms , which was published by the Connecticut Law Review in 2013. 
The eulogy written by C.D. Michel, a close friend and associate of Kates, expressed Kates' impact on the long war against guns: The gun control movement lost their constitutional argument largely due to Kates' initial work which, like many moments in history, started with one man telling the truth. 
An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . 
Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

The solution to our debt crisis is for 'We the People” to take our Republic back from the special interests by educating voters to enforce the Constitution, not by adding a Balanced Budget Amendment via an Article V convention. 
'Our country is run by a close network of special interests, public officials, and the media.” — Eighty-one percent of Americans agreed with this statement in a 1996 survey. 
Back in 1996, the Institute for Advanced Studies in Culture at the University of Virginia published the results of their survey of the American public based on 2,000 face-to-face, in-depth interviews. They titled their survey 'The State of Disunion — 1996.” 
Their finding that 81 percent of Americans believe 'Our country is run by a close network of special interests, public officials, and the media” was recently reaffirmed by a January 2016 Gallup poll that revealed that 84 percent of Americans agree with the statement, 'powerful special interests [have] too much control over what the government does.” According to the Gallup poll, 51 percent believe that this is a 'major problem,” while 33 percent believe that this is a 'crisis” situation. 
This widespread belief that 'Our country is run by a close network of special interests, public officials, and the media” has also been validated by the presidential election campaign of 2016. Rarely have we seen so clearly the political power plays of this 'close network,” which includes of course the establishment elites of both parties, as during the 2016 election cycle. 
You might wonder what all this talk of special interests' control over our government has to do with our debt crisis. The connection is that for the last four decades there has been an organized movement to get Congress to call an Article V convention for the purpose of proposing a Balanced Budget Amendment (BBA), ostensibly to avert a national debt crisis, such as national bankruptcy or some other type of 'economic meltdown.” The proponents of this BBA constitutional convention tell us that the government is out of control, as shown by our steady diet of $500 billion or higher federal deficits and the resulting skyrocketing national debt, currently around $20 trillion. According to these proponents, the solution is to add a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution via an Article V convention. 
However, the federal government is not out of control. It is under the control of a 'close network” of powerful special interests, aka establishment elites, whose carefully nurtured voting blocs benefit from ever-larger, unconstitutional federal programs. The problem is not just the huge annual federal deficits and the towering national debt they contribute to, it is the bloated and tyrannical federal government that has been created and powered by congressional approval of myriad special interest-sponsored unconstitutional programs. 
Establishment Elites Plot to Rewrite the Constitution 
Throughout its 30-year history, this magazine has led the way in exposing the powerful establishment elites who run this country. These elites are found in such leading special-interest groupings as Big Business, Big Labor, Big News Media, the education establishment, foundations, internationalist foreign policy organizations, big political donors, and the major political parties. An excellent example of this magazine's exposés is 'Council on Foreign Relations,” an article that was originally published in the August 3, 2009 issue. That article described the amazing degree of influence over our government exercised by the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), the preeminent internationalist foreign policy special-interest group, as follows: Chief among these groups is the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), the most visible manifestation of what some have called the American establishment. Members of the council have dominated the administrations of every president since Franklin D. Roosevelt, at the cabinet and sub-cabinet level. It does not matter whether the president is a Democrat or Republican. 
Although the CFR has only about 5,000 members, a very large number of them are leaders of other leading special-interest groups, serve as public officials, and hold leading management and editorial positions in the media. This is true to such an extent that the CFR membership alone could be thought of as 'a close network of special interests, public officials, and the media” that run our country. 
An earlier article in this magazine, ' Bicentennial Plot ” (February 10, 1986 issue), exposed the plans of a powerful establishment special-interest group, the Committee on the Constitutional System (CCS), which was leading the charge to 'formalize radical changes that have already been taking place by rewriting the Constitution.” As you would expect, two out of the three CCS co-chairs were members of the CFR, and 15 of the 41 members of the CCS board of directors were also CFR members. 
Since that special-interest establishment's attempt to rewrite the Constitution in the 1980s fizzled out, there hasn't been another such transparent attempt by the establishment to replace the Constitution. However, we shouldn't neglect to point out that since the 1970s the leading organization promoting the calling of an Article V convention for the purpose of proposing a Balanced Budget Amendment has been the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), an establishment special-interest group that boasts of having nearly one-fourth of our nation's state legislators, as well as nearly 300 corporations (including many multinational corporations) and private foundations, as members. ALEC is on record on its website as officially supporting congressional approval of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), two signature causes of the establishment elites. For more information on this, see our 2014 article ' The Not-so-smart ALEC .” 
Although the establishment's fingerprints are otherwise hard to find on today's leading initiatives to bring about an Article V convention, there is a somewhat stealthy bipartisan movement to bring about such a convention, as revealed in 'Working Together to Rewrite the Constitution” in our June 9, 2014 issue. 
Republics and Democracies 
To better understand the connection between increasing numbers of unconstitutional programs and an increasingly tyrannical federal government, consider the distinction between republics and democracies. 
On September 17, 1961, Constitution Day, Robert Welch (who had founded The John Birch Society less than three years earlier) gave a speech entitled ' Republics and Democracies ” to a patriotic Chicago-based organization, 'We the People.” This speech went on to influence millions of Americans to understand that our nation is a republic, not a democracy. It is still available at TheNewAmerican.com. 
In his speech, Robert Welch demonstrated that the United States is a constitutional republic characterized by the 'rule of law,” not a democracy characterized by the 'rule of men.” And he quoted approvingly from James Madison in The Federalist , No. 10, regarding the nature of a democracy: Democracies have ever been spectacles of turbulence and contention; have ever been found incompatible with personal security, or the rights of property; and have in general been as short in their lives as they have been violent in their deaths. 
One's first reaction to Madison's assertion that democracies are 'short in their lives” might be to say, 'Madison is wrong because our nation is a democracy and it has lasted for over 200 years.” However, our nation is a republic, not a democracy. That's why it has lasted so long. The problem is that the more our nation is transformed into a democracy, the shorter its life will be. 
And our nation is being transformed into a democracy by the ongoing passage of unconstitutional programs by Congress. After a century or more of congressional seizures of powers not granted to it by the Constitution (as discussed below), we've long since reached the point where almost the only consideration taken into account by congressmen voting for a bill is whether a majority of their constituents will approve. Very few congressmen vote for a bill based on whether it is constitutional. As Representative 'Pete” Stark (D-Calif.) famously opined at a town hall meeting in 2010, 'The federal government … can do most anything in this country.” 
We live in an era of 'the tyranny of the majority,” which is the basic critique of democracies. In a pure democracy, everything is decided by a simple majority vote of the people or their representatives. There are no constitutional restraints, such as the enumerated powers of Article I, Section 8 of our Constitution or a Bill of Rights. 
If Congress and the rest of the federal government continue on the path of bowing primarily to majority opinion, usually artfully crafted by the special-interest elites, and not obeying any constitutional limitations on their power, then we will lose all remaining constitutional bulwarks against tyranny, and finally, lose all security for our God-given rights. 
Robert Welch ended his 'Republics and Democracies” speech by stating, 'This is a Republic, not a Democracy. Let's keep it that way!” We need to take this slogan to heart and reject the ongoing transformation of our constitutional Republic into a democracy. 
Therefore, the solution to our nation's twin problems of too much national debt and too powerful a federal government is to defeat the special interests' control over our government by educating voters sufficiently to get a majority of constitutionalists elected to Congress. This constitutionalist majority would eliminate or gradually phase out all unconstitutional programs, thereby balancing the budget, reducing taxes, securing our rights, and restoring our constitutional Republic and the rule of law, not of men. 
So in terms of the above overview of the national debt/tyrannical government crisis and solution, our main objection to bringing about a Balanced Budget Amendment Article V convention at this time in our nation's history is that the 'close network of special interests, public officials, and the media” that runs our country would dominate such a convention process and would most likely end up revising the Constitution in their favor. 
History of the National Debt/Tyrannical Government Crisis 
Now let's take a look at the history of our national debt/tyrannical government crisis to see how long we've had it, how big it is, and what caused it. 
First of all, take a look at the chart in Figure 1a (right), which shows our national debt from 1792-2020 as measured in dollars, uncorrected for inflation and the size of our economy. This chart gives the false impression that we never had a significant national debt in our nation's history until somewhere around 1940, and that sometime in the 1980s the national debt began to increase exponentially and shows no signs of slowing down. This false impression is due to not correcting the chart for inflation and the size of our economy. This is not to say that we don't have a public debt problem. We emphatically do. It's just that the history of our national debt has been more nuanced than what is displayed in Fig. 1a. 
Meanwhile, the Balanced Budget Amendment Article V convention movement got rolling in the 1970s. Proponents of such a convention made the argument to state legislators in the 1970s, as they have ever since, that large annual federal deficits and the rapidly growing national debt were leading to economic and fiscal disaster. They argued that the solution was to add a BBA to the Constitution. But since Article V of the Constitution provides only two ways to propose amendments, either by a vote of two-thirds of both houses of Congress or by a state-initiated constitutional convention, and since Congress had still not approved a proposed BBA, then we just had to get 34 states to apply to Congress to call an Article V convention in order to get a BBA proposed and ratified. 
It turns out that the dire predictions of economic and fiscal crisis have not come true — yet. However, the catastrophic situation depicted in Fig. 1a does reflect a truly dangerous fiscal situation as revealed in a more accurate way in Fig. 1b. In this chart the level of national debt is measured in terms of percent of real GDP, which provides an automatic correction for inflation and the size of our economy. Just as in Figure 1a, the graph in Fig. 1b shows a dangerous buildup in national debt. In contrast to Fig. 1a though, Fig. 1b provides some valuable information about the history of our nation's national debt. Figure 1b shows that we've had a buildup in national debt many times since 1792. Until the 1980s, these increases in national debt have always been associated with wars, such as the War for Independence, the War of 1812, the Civil War, WWI, and WWII. After each of these wars, we've paid most of the debt off. 
But since 1980, we've had a rapid increase in the national debt without being involved in a full-scale war. Since the increases in our national debt are basically due to our annual federal budget deficits, let's examine what's been going on with federal spending and deficits as revealed in Figures 1c and 1d. In these two figures, spending and deficits are measured as a percent of real GDP, again to correct for inflation and the size of our economy. We see a familiar pattern in both 1c and 1d. There are the peaks of spending and deficits corresponding to the major wars we've fought. 
However, there's also something very interesting that is revealed in the pattern of federal spending. We see a rapid increase in federal spending beginning in the 1930s and continuing into the 1980s. We know from American political history that Franklin Delano Roosevelt was elected in 1932 and that he inaugurated many new government programs, not authorized by the Constitution and known collectively as the 'New Deal.” Once FDR and Congress had opened the floodgates for large-scale unconstitutional spending, there was no turning back. 
Unconstitutional programs begat more and more unconstitutional agencies, departments, and programs, and this process has continued right up to today. We'll verify the unconstitutionality of the vast majority of federal spending below when we look at the specific spending categories for fiscal year 2015. 
One very striking statistic from Fig. 1c is that during President Obama's first term, annual federal spending set a new, post-WWII record of nearly 25 percent of GDP. 
Now look at Fig. 1d. In the 1930s, the increased federal spending led to immediate increases in federal deficits. Next, the massive deficits of the WWII years masked any deficits that were caused by increases in non-war spending. But within a few years after WWII, a pattern of seemingly modest deficits developed. Then, in the 1970s, these deficits began to increase toward five percent of GDP and remained at or near the five-percent level until the late 1990s when federal deficits were eliminated for a few years in the wake of the Republican Revolution of 1994. Under George W. Bush the deficits returned, but it was during the Obama years that some of the deficits set a new post-WWII record of nearly 10 percent of GDP. 
So, what's the point of all of this analysis of spending, deficits, and debt? It is that Congress was authorized with specific enumerated powers in Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution; however, in the 1930s Congress began a lavish spree of unconstitutional spending that increased rapidly for many decades and continues to increase to this day. 
The Unconstitutionality of Most Federal Spending 
Now take a look at Figure 2 (below). This pie chart shows all federal spending for fiscal year 2015, which amounted to $3.8 trillion (about 20 percent of GDP). Let's see if our characterization of the rapid increase in federal spending since the 1930s as unconstitutional holds up. 
If you'll compare the 12 spending categories listed for the various pie pieces in Fig. 2 with the powers granted to Congress in Article I, Section 8, you'll find that over 70 percent of current federal spending is unconstitutional. About the only categories of spending that appear to be constitutional are 'Military,” 'Veterans' Benefits,” and 'Interest on Debt.” Sure there are some constitutional programs buried within the various categories, but the vast majority of spending within the unconstitutional categories is still unconstitutional. 
Even a very brief review of some of the various categories of federal spending in Fig. 2 reveals the seeds of the destruction of our freedoms by a tyrannical federal government present in these categories. 
For example, the 'International Affairs” category includes our unconstitutional foreign aid program and the dues for our unconstitutional United Nations membership. These expenditures are being used to help build a global government, which would destroy our nation's independence and our personal rights and freedoms. 
The 'Education” spending is used by the federal government to exert its unconstitutional control over all levels of education with the goal of producing compliant citizens who will vote to support the 'close network of special interests, public officials, and the media” that runs our country. Think Common Core. 
The 'Food & Agriculture” spending hides the surprisingly large unconstitutional 'food stamp” program, which in 2014 cost $74.1 billion and was used by 46.5 million Americans. This program develops and maintains the loyalty of millions of voters to the special-interest elites on a daily basis. 
Then there's the huge 'mandatory spending” categories of 'Social Security, Unemployment & Labor,” and 'Medicare & Health,” which constituted fully 60 percent of federal spending in 2015. Here is where we find the spending for the big three entitlement programs — Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Various economists have estimated that the Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid programs have unfunded liabilities of between $100 and $200 trillion. This is equal to between five and 10 times the size of our annual GDP. In short, the promises to pay specific levels of future benefits for these unconstitutional entitlement programs are simply promises that our government can't keep. 
Also hidden inside the spending shown in the Fig. 2 pie chart is about $500 billion in unconstitutional federal aid to states each year for health, education, etc., which amounts to about 30 percent on average of each state's annual budget. This unconstitutional federal aid is passed through by the states to its citizens and thereby makes the states complicit in the special interests' rampant unconstitutional federal spending. This level of federal subsidization of state budgets severely compromises state sovereignty. 
Furthermore, consider that the 10th Amendment states, 'The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution … are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.” When Congress illegally seizes the power to 'do most anything in this country,” then that leaves virtually no powers reserved to the states to exercise. 
The point of this brief review of the unconstitutionality of over 70 percent of federal spending in 2015 is to confirm that the rapid increase in federal spending that occurred between the mid-1930s and 1980, and that has continued, albeit at a slower pace, right up to today, can be characterized as mostly unconstitutional spending. 
BBA Article V Convention Movement 
In 1957, Indiana became the first state to apply to Congress to call an Article V convention for the purpose of proposing a Balanced Budget Amendment. Although a sprinkling of states applied to Congress for such a BBA 'constitutional convention” in the 1960s and early 1970s, the movement didn't really take off until sometime in the mid-1970s, when the American Legislative Exchange Council began promoting a 'Balanced Federal Budget Petition,” which later became known as a 'Balanced Budget Amendment” petition. (See our 2015 article ' The New BBA Con-Con Threat ” for more BBA Article V convention history.) 
Nowadays most proponents of such a convention deny that it can be properly called a 'constitutional convention” — because such a reference warns Americans of the potential danger of such a gathering. However, The John Birch Society and many other organizations and activists continue to correctly refer to an Article V convention as a constitutional convention (often abbreviated as Con-Con). The 1979 fifth edition of the widely used Black's Law Dictionary even explicitly refers to an Article V Convention as an example of a constitutional convention. 
By 1983, 32 of the required 34 states had applied to Congress to call a BBA Article V convention. This was the high-water mark of the BBA constitutional convention movement; it has not been surpassed up to the present day. The next state to apply for such a convention was Florida in 2010. 
By the mid-1980s members of The John Birch Society and other organizations, such as Eagle Forum, were working with state legislators to oppose the approval of any new Article V convention applications and to rescind (cancel) existing applications. From 1988 to 2010, 17 states, including Florida, rescinded their previous BBA Article V convention applications. 
Current Status of the BBA Article V Convention Movement 
Although the numerous Article V convention application rescissions during the years 1988 to 2010 reduced the number of states that still had 'live” (unrescinded) applications for a BBA Article V convention down to 17, the momentum shifted again in 2010. From 2010 to 2015, eight states that had formerly rescinded their applications reapplied for a BBA Article V convention. Then, Ohio and Michigan made their initial BBA convention applications in 2013 and 2014 respectively, yielding a new total of 27 states with 'live” applications as of September 2015, just seven short of the required 34 states. 
Then, in 2016 two more states, Oklahoma and West Virginia, applied for a BBA Article V convention to be called; however, Delaware rescinded its existing 'live” application for a BBA Article V convention. So, the BBA convention proponents gained a net of one state this year for a total of 28. That leaves them six short of the required 34 states for forcing Congress to call a convention. 
Now look at the 'BBA Article V Convention Status November 2016” map (right) and see what your state's status is. The John Birch Society is recommending that those readers living in a green state (no 'live” BBA Article V convention application) work with others and your state legislators to stop the approval of any BBA Article V convention application in your legislature. 
If your state is orange, your state already has an existing 'live” BBA Article V convention application. The John Birch Society is recommending that you work with others and your state legislators to get a resolution introduced and approved to rescind all existing Article V convention calls, especially of the BBA variety. Remember that for every additional state that rescinds its BBA convention call, the BBA convention movement is one state further away from its goal of 34. For further information about how to rescind Article V convention applications, see our article ' Save the Constitution by Rescinding Article V Convention Applications .” 
See the sidebar 'Why a BBA Article V Convention Is Not a Wise Idea” at the end of this article for a summary of the reasons for opposing a BBA Article V convention. 
This Is a Republic, Not a Democracy! 
The point is that our problem with the federal government is not just due to deficit spending, and the federal government is not simply out of control. Our problem with the federal government is that Congress has seized (usurped) powers not granted to it by the Constitution, and special interests have taken control of the federal government by taking advantage of these usurped powers to reward their carefully cultivated constituencies. 
Our Republic is being converted into a democracy by the establishment's deliberate flouting of the Constitution, along with its cultivation of voting blocs that are electing congressmen who are moving our nation toward a 'tyranny of the majority.” Even though our nation was founded on the principle in the Declaration of Independence that 'governments are instituted among men” to 'secure” our God-given rights, a 'tyranny of the majority” would eventually strip our nation of all our rights. 
Therefore, the solution to our twin problems of too high a national debt and too powerful a federal government is not to add a BBA to the Constitution, but rather to support grassroots efforts by independent, private organizations to create a constitutionally informed electorate that would nominate and elect a majority of constitutionalists to Congress and state legislatures. We the People are the last resort for enforcing the Constitution and thereby securing our rights. We must not enable the powerful special-interest establishment to revise our Constitution in their favor via an Article V convention process at this time in our history. 
The Constitution must be preserved as a rallying point for freedom-loving Americans. This is a republic, not a democracy. Let's keep it that way! * * * 
Sidebar: Why a BBA Article V Convention Is Not a Wise Idea 
• The national debt is not the real problem. The real problem is how 'a close network of special interests, public officials, and the media” control the federal government based on their ability to build voting blocs that benefit from the unconstitutional federal programs that they initiate. The fiscally dangerous size of the national debt is a measure of just how effective the special interests are in getting their deficit-spending programs funded. The solution to the debt crisis is to create a constitutionally informed electorate and pay the national debt off by phasing out unconstitutional spending. 
• A runaway convention could rewrite the Constitution. An Article V convention has the inherent power to extensively revise or completely rewrite the Constitution based on the precedent of the Constitutional Convention of 1787 and on the right of the people to alter or abolish their form of government (including the ratification procedure) as stated in the Declaration of Independence. 
• An Article V Convention would play into the hands of the special interests. The 'close network of special interests, public officials, and the media” that control our nation would lead an Article V convention process to revise the Constitution to favor the special interests, and would also massively influence the ratification process to favor the special interests. 
• Virtually all BBA proposals include loopholes, such as national emergency exceptions and supermajority exceptions, that would enable Congress to continue approving deficit spending, even if a BBA were to be added to the Constitution. 
• A BBA would legitimize unconstitutional spending by shifting the focus away from whether a certain bill is unconstitutional and toward whether the bill would fit within a balanced budget. The BBA Article V convention movement has never been about restoring the spending limitations contained in Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
• A BBA would further transform our Republic into a democracy by making the main criterion for approving a proposed bill the degree of popular support that bill has for including it in a balanced budget, as opposed to its constitutionality. A constitutional republic is characterized by the rule of law, while a democracy is characterized by the rule of men and leads to a tyranny of the majority. 
Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

From: Marina Abramovic <marinaxabramovic@gmail.com<;mailto:marinaxabramovic@gmail.com>;> Date: June 28, 2015 at 2:35:08 AM GMT+2 To: Tony Podesta <podesta@podesta.com<;mailto:podesta@podesta.com>;> Subject: Dinner Dear Tony, I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? All my love, Marina 
There is much more to the Abramovic-Podesta-Clinton connection than this one e-mail and the social event it makes reference to — and much more than we can cover in this article. However, the MSM pro-Clinton press corps has studiously avoided these ties, except in the few instances where they have ventured into the cesspool to declare that there really is no 'cess” there. That was the tack taken by Eric Levitz in a November 4 piece for New York Magazine , a reliable cheering section for Team Hillary throughout the campaign season. Entitled, 'Spirit Cooking Explained: Satanic Ritual of Fun Dinner?” Levitz describes Tony Podesta as 'a powerful lobbyist and ... a prominent collector of contemporary art.” 'The message here is, ostensibly, a dinner invitation that makes playful reference to one of Abramovic's past works,” writes Levitz . 
Yes, just a 'playful,” 'fun dinner,” that's all. But, according to Levitz, the 'tin-foil hat” conspiracy wackos of the 'far-right fever swamp” have turned this innocent dinner gathering of the Podesta clan and their artistic muse into something sinister. Well, Mr. Levitz — like the Podestas, the Clintons, Lady Gaga, and Abramovic — apparently hales from a different precinct (if not a completely different planet or universe) than most normal, moral, decent Americans, who would be inclined to find the Abramovic dinner 'art” both creepy and sinister. Levitz is not unaware of Abramovic's ultra-dark side; he includes an imbedded video in his article of her performing her infamous Spirit Cooking . (Warning: graphic content, viewer discretion advised.) 
The New York mag writer slams the Alex Jones/Info Wars website and Drudge Report for making an issue of these innocuous goings on; they're obviously unsophisticated rubes with no appreciation for high-toned culture, right? There ain't no Satanists here, you fools, just artistic types enjoying some campy fun. Right? Well, Drudge and Jones are probably a lot closer to the mark than Levitz. Besides the Spirit Cooking video, Alex Jones includes (among other evidence) a Marina Abramovic portrait (shown above) in which she frames her face with the horns of a bloody goat skull, the symbol of Baphomet, one of the most common Satanic images. Other portraits of the 'artist” can be found online showing her with a mouthful of live snakes, as well as her signature fixation on death, cannibalism, and — in general — the lewd, crude, nude, and rude. 
Marina Abramovic, an unquenchable narcissist, apparently is unsettled by the sudden critical attention, since she is used to being worshipped and fawned over. On November 4, she exploded with the Tweets: 'I am not a Satanist! Stop it!” and 'My friends, please stop twittering me with tag spiritcooking! Just enjoy art and stop asking me about politics.” Unfortunately for her, she must have forgotten that her Twitter account she used in an attempt to dispel the Spirit Cooking occultism, is '@AbramovicM666.” Probably not the wisest move she's made. 
(For an additional spirited and rational discussion of the Spirit Cooking e-mails and their related 'context,” see also: Spirit Cooking: Evil In Government: Mike Cernovich, Vox Day and Stefan Molyneux .) 
The Clinton-Podesta-Abramovic tie-in might be written off by many doubters as merely a titillating, sensational election-eve story scraped up by political opponents. However, it cannot be written off so easily because it goes to the heart of darkness of the Clinton 'organized crime cesspool” that the FBI's former assistant director James Kallstrom referred to. 
It comes on the heels of a long train of verified stories that are interrelated, most especially regarding criminal activities with minors and children. There is, for starters, the long-running close relationship between hedge fund billionaire (and convicted pedophile) Jeffrey Epstein, whose Manhattan mansion and private island estate in the Caribbean have been the sites for many notorious sex parties — especially for Democratic politicians, celebrities, and high-end political donors. Bill and Hillary Clinton, reportedly, have made multiple trips to Epstein's lair, known as 'Sex Slave Island,” which offers a luxurious getaway excursion outside the jurisdiction of authorities who might get in the way of sexual frolicking with teens — and even younger kids. 
Hillary Clinton's ties to Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner and the most recent revelations coming from his computer underscore the fact that at the highest levels of power in Washington, D.C., top officals of both parties for many years have been winking at the criminal sexual exploitation of children by politicians and their high-placed friends. Only rarely do the offenses leak out in a way that ends up with prosecution of the powerful, as in the case of Republican Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert, a serial abuser of teenage boys. But, as we have reported, Hastert was just the tip of the iceberg . 
Related to this same subject matter are e-mails between Hillary Clinton and her then-top aide Cheryl Mills regarding one Laura Silsby, who was arrested and charged with child abduction and child trafficking in Haiti, after the island was devastated by a hurricane in January 2010. Silsby and nine others posing as missionaries for a non-existent Christian orphanage were apprehended by authorities while attempting to smuggle a busload of 33 Haitian children off the island. Turns out they weren't orphans after all, and their parents accused Silsby of deception. Silsby's attorney was convicted felon Jorge Torres Puello, who, at the time, was a fugitive from U.S. authorities for alien smuggling. That should have sent up a red flag or two! (Torres Puello was subsequently captured, prosecuted, and sentenced to three years in U.S. federal prison for alien smuggling .) 
However, thanks to intercession by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and former President Bill Clinton (who was serving as special UN envoy to Haiti, as well as ramrodding his own very profitable Clinton Foundation ventures in the tragedy-struck island), Laura Silsby's charges were reduced and she was allowed to leave Haiti with time served. 
Some analysts and critics have suggested that Silsby was kidnapping the Haitian children to be sold to child sex rings. The evidence we have seen thus far does not prove that claim, but neither is it a far-fetched supposition, considering the sordid sexual swamp that many of the high and mighty are mired in, and considering the Epstein-Clinton-Podesta revelations that are pouring out. At the very least, it must be seriously investigated, in light of the evidence available and the global crisis in child sex trafficking. 
But here, as in virtually every other scandal that has embroiled Hillary Clinton, her establishment media pals have given her a Teflon shield. Ditto for the revelations by Kathy Shelton of Arkansas, who, as a 12-year-old, was raped in 1975 by a 41-year-old drifter. Hillary Clinton was his defense lawyer. In a later interview, Clinton laughed as she recalled how she had gotten her child-rapist client off with some courtroom tricks. Moreover, as the victim recounts, Hillary made it appear that the 12-year-old Shelton was the one at fault. 'Hillary Clinton lied, terrorized, & mocked me, defending my rapist,” Shelton has tweeted. 
While the latest WikiLeaks releases related to sensational sexual matters are grabbing the headlines of the alternative media (and being ignored by the MSM), literally dozens of other hot issues exposed by WikiLeaks from the Clinton-Podesta e-mails have been either totally buried or hugely under-reported by the Clintonista press corps. In addition to the WikiLeaks revelations (and related exposés) that we have covered in the articles listed below this story, we point you to a helpful summary of several dozen Clinton scandals compiled by Montana researcher activist Clarice Ryan for the Gem State Patriot . In addition, there is a more detailed, annotated online resource with URL links entitled, 'The Top 100 Most Damaging Wikileaks (so far)” that is a helpful guide to the thousands of leaked e-mails. Photos at top: Hillary Clinton; Marina Abramovic 
Related articles:
ARTICLE

Email 
Speaking at a Hillary Clinton fundraiser in Canton, Ohio, last November, former President Bill Clinton (right) expressed disappointment concerning a then-recent Democratic presidential candidates' debate, during which, he said, there was not a single mention of the fact that '84 percent of the American people, after inflation, had not had a raise of 1 cent since the financial crash.” 
The financial crash of which Clinton spoke began in late 2007 and extended into 2008 — the year Barack Obama was elected president. Though his administration was not responsible for the crash, when Clinton spoke last year, Obama had been president for more than six years. Therefore, Clinton's observations indicated that the vast majority of Americans had made no financial progress during Obama's entire first term and half of his second term. 
Britain's Daily Mail reported that the former president's speech was published by WikiLeaks as part of the website's release of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's e-mails. 
In addition to the lack of income growth among most Americans, Clinton revealed a remarkable statistic: The life expectancy of middle-aged, non-college-educated white Americans is declining. Said the former president: And in the middle of all this we learned, breathtakingly, that middle-aged, non-college-educated white Americans' life expectancy is going down and is now lower than Hispanics, even though they make less money. And the gap between African Americans and whites is closing, but unfortunately not because the death rate among African Americans is dropping but because the death rate among white Americans is rising. Why? Because they don't have anything to look forward to when they get up in the morning. Because their lives are sort of stuck in neutral. 
Clinton's explanation that the reason that middle-aged, non-college-educated white Americans' life expectancy is going down is because 'they don't have anything to look forward to when they get up in the morning” is probably an oversimplification that requires greater analysis. 
The obvious reason why someone may not have anything to look forward to when they get up in the morning is because they are unemployed and therefore have no job to go to. Figures released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics for 2015 — the year Clinton gave his speech — indicated that those with only a high-school diploma had a 5.4 percent unemployment rate, compared with a 2.8 percent rate for those with bachelor's degrees. (These figures did not account for race, and they didn't count literally millions of unemployed Americans: After a few months of looking for work, the government drops them from the unemployment rolls, deeming them to not want to work. In 2009, 80 million Americans were deemed not in the labor force; now it's 95 million. Also, if an American is able to find a low-paying part-time job out of his field, he is considered employed by the government.) 
An article published by Fortune on November 3, 2015 (about two weeks before Clinton's speech) may have provided him with a basis for his statement. The article's headline? 'Is the Economy Killing Middle-Aged White People?” The article cited a survey released by a pair of researchers at Princeton University the previous day showing 'a striking increase in the death rates of white, middle-aged Americans who have less than a college education.” 
Though the researchers Angus Deaton, the 2015 Nobel laureate in Economics, and his wife, Anne Case, both professors at Princeton, didn't form any steadfast conclusions about the reasons for the increase in death rates, they did speculate that economic factors are likely at least partly responsible. Fortune reported: Between 1999 and 2013, white men and women ages 45-54 saw their mortality rate increase by a half-percent per year, reversing decades of improvements up until that time. The main causes were suicide and the use of alcohol and drugs (both legal and illegal), according to the study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 
The article noted that while it is impossible to know for sure how attributable the high death rates are to economic forces without more study, the Princeton researchers have speculated that the economic crisis of 2008 might have been a major factor. 
The research paper considered an explanation for why the higher death rate has affected white middle-aged people more than those in other ethnic and racial groups subject to the same economic downturn. Their explanation was that 'working-class whites have decades of relative success and security behind them…. For the first time, perhaps, that group has seen a reversal of its fortunes.” 
We might add another explanation for the increased mortality rates: Workers accustomed to having their medical care paid for by their employers may find that, upon becoming unemployed, they can no longer afford medical insurance and, as a result, neglect the healthcare necessary to maintain their health. 
While Clinton did not refer to the Princeton professors' paper in his speech, it is possible that its release just weeks before did provide him with some talking points. 
Clinton's comments were made in the context of a stump speech on behalf of his wife's candidacy, and he did not offer any substantive solutions for the crisis among white middle-aged Americans. He instead offered this vague proposal: We have unlimited potential in America to grow our economy if we do a few things right, and not a lot. Five or six or seven things, really we'll see jobs start forming again; we'll see business formation going up again; we'll see wages rising again. And I believe she's outlined reasonable responses to all the things that will do that. And I ought to have some credibility on that, because the only time in 50 years when all sections of the American economy have grown together were in the eight years I had the privilege to serve. 
In that regard, Clinton (on behalf of his wife) shared in rival candidate Donald Trump's tendency to make many promises to grow the economy and create jobs offering higher wages, while offering few concrete details about how these lofty goals might be realized. Considering that the best thing that government can do to stimulate the economy is simply to get out of the way and allow the free market to flourish, however, any plan offered by a former Cabinet member of the administration that gave us ObamaCare might well be viewed with skepticism. We might also want to remember that the former president is the one who signed NAFTA, the trade deal that negatively impacted American jobs — leaving many Americans without "anything to look forward to when they get up in the morning.”
ARTICLE

Email 
Billionaire globalist George Soros (shown) has been dumping hundreds of millions of dollars into manipulating American elections in recent years, leaked documents show . While many critics have focused on his indirect links to a controversial voting-machine company , his electoral scheming goes much deeper, as a review of the documents by PJ Media shows . Rather than tampering with the outcome of particular elections, leaks from Soros' Open Society apparatus show he has far greater ambitions. Basically, he is seeking to 'fundamentally transform America,” as Obama put it, by changing and manipulating the American electorate into supporting globalism, statism, collectivism, and his legions of radical politicians and elected officials. Soros, a self-described atheist, has also been exposed seeking to corrupt Christianity with his radical anti-Christian views . But as awareness of the scheming spreads, the Soros brand is becoming increasingly toxic among Americans from all walks of life. 
Soros' assault on American elections revealed in leaked foundation documents is broad and multi-faceted. Among other schemes, the protegé of the unfathomably wealthy Rothschild banking dynasty has launched legal assaults on state-level efforts to limit voter fraud and ensure the integrity of elections. Essentially, the ploy appears to be aimed at facilitating mass voter fraud. Soros foundations have also been funding propaganda campaigns, racist ethnocentric 'media” outlets, the subversion of journalism, vicious attacks on patriotic organizations, and more. The Soros network has also provided huge infusions of money to fringe and sometimes violent left-wing extremists and race-mongers (including racist groups like La Raza, or The Race) to build up pro-Soros AstroTurf groups. In direct politics, Soros has also been showering money on radical candidates at the local, state, and federal levels who will advance his anti-American, anti-Christian, anti-Constitution agenda. 
Some of the Soros funding is aimed at what is described in leaked documents as a plot to 'build power” for 'systemic change.” Indeed, the Soros machine even created the 'Democracy and Power Fund” in a bid to dupe various groups of Americans into serving as a collectivist coalition to push Soros' extreme big government agenda. These groups, centered around attributes such as race and income, include 'people of color, immigrants, young people, and low income people,” the document shows. Blacks and Latinos are both in Soros' crosshairs. The fund, according to leaked documents, seeks to 'inspire” these groups with 'multi-issue advocacy” to push Soros' agenda at the federal, state, and local levels. Between 2010 and 2012, Soros dropped $15 million on his 'Power Fund.” As the name of the fund suggests, securing power for himself and the establishment at the expense of the Constitution and the American people is exactly what Soros, a convicted felon, has in mind. 
To ensure that the propaganda and hate that Soros minions produce receive the requisite media coverage, Soros has also been building up his own personal 'media” megaphone. Among other schemes, Soros was exposed funding something called 'New America Media,” which pumps out ethnocentric collectivism and race-mongering to thousands of propaganda organs under the guise of 'ethnic” media. Also funded by the Soros machine is what documents refer to as a 'Media Consortium.” As if the establishment media was not 'progressive” enough, Soros documents explain that the funding helps 'a network of leading progressive independent journalism organizations focused on making connections, building a media infrastructure, and amplifying the voices of progressive journalists in the United States.” Apparently the Soros-funded 'consortium” has 'done much to build community and greater strength among progressive media outlets.” 
J. Christian Adams, the former Justice Department attorney who left in 2010 after accusing the outfit of racial bias, explained the significance of Soros' media scheming in his in-depth investigation of the leaked Soros documents published by PJ Media . 'Mainstream journalists frequently parrot progressive writers when covering voter fraud, thus rendering the Media Consortium Soros dollars well spent,” Adams wrote in an article that was posted on the Drudge Report before going viral. 'The leaked documents also reveal deliberate and successful efforts to manipulate media coverage of election issues in mainstream media outlets like the The New York Times .” 
When it comes to Soros manipulating press coverage of voter fraud, the process works similar to the Soros machine's Black Lives Matter operation. 'The leaked funding documents describe how the propaganda about the 'myth of voter fraud' is generated by two Soros-funded organizations, moved to blogger and racially-centric media outlets, and eventually to mainstream media,” Adams explained. Indeed, almost the exact same process is used by Soros to promote hatred of the police and racial agitation, with the ultimate goal of nationalizing law enforcement. As The New American has previously reported , Soros-funded groups protest and riot, Soros-funded academics produce propaganda 'studies” to justify the narrative, and then Soros-funded propaganda organs provide media coverage of it all. The Washington Times described the Soros propaganda machine as an 'echo chamber.” 
The Soros network funds an incredible array of organizations that advance his extremism. Among those that are involved in fundamentally transforming America by manipulating the electoral system, many receive more than half of a million dollars annually. Among them is the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, which brings together left-wing extremists, anti-constitutional radicals, overtly racist groups such as 'La Raza” (The Race), statist-controlled Big Labor groups, known communist front groups officially condemned by U.S. authorities as 'subversive,” and more. This year, the radical alliance even called on a UN-linked international organization founded and largely controlled by communist and socialist regimes to oversee U.S. elections . Other groups on the Soros dole are the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, the extremist Center for American Progress , Advancement Project, Center for Community Change, Brennan Center, and more. The supposedly non-partisan League of Women Voters is also deeply involved with the Soros machine. 
Soros also partners with various establishment controlled tax-exempt mega-foundations such as Atlantic Philanthropies, Carnegie, Ford, and New World Foundations, among others. It partnered with the globalist Rockefeller Brothers Fund in a scheme to change voter registration policies. Much insight about the Rockefellers' totalitarian agenda was revealed by dynasty boss David Rockefeller, who showered praise on the mass-murdering regime of Chairman Mao for leading what he touted as 'one of the most important and successful” social experiments 'in history.” Some 60 million to 100 million people were killed as part of the experiment Rockefeller was so pleased with. In his autobiography, Rockefeller also boasted about conspiring with a secret cabal against his country to build a global political system. 'Some even believe [the Rockefellers] are part of a secret cabal working against the best interests of the United States, characterizing my family and me as 'internationalists' conspiring with others around the world to build a more integrated global political and economic structure — one world, if you will,” Rockefeller wrote in his book. 'If that's the charge, I stand guilty, and I'm proud of it.” Soros shares the same agenda . 
WikiLeaks has also revealed some interesting facts about Soros' political machinations. Indeed, Soros is mentioned more than 50 times in the Clinton and Democrat e-mails released so far. One e-mail is from Jacqueline Carozza, a Soros employee, to Clinton campaign boss and anti-Catholic bigot John Podesta. 'With summer quickly approaching Mr. and Mrs. Soros are starting to plan the 2015 Southampton schedule and would enjoy your company,” she wrote last year to Podesta , who was also invited to an occult 'Spirit Cooking” event with satanic overtones. 'Please let me know which dates suit you best to come for a visit and hopefully we can coordinate a mutually convenient time for your stay.” 
Beyond manipulating Americans into surrendering their heritage and their liberty, leaked documents also show that Soros has also been at the forefront of the establishment's efforts to corrupt Christianity. As The New American reported in August, hacked e-mails from his vast empire of shady tax-exempt foundations show that the radical 'philanthropist” wants to change the views of Christians and churches around the world using deceit, manipulation, and lots and lots of money. His goals in showering money on Christian groups and churches include, among other policy agendas, legalizing the slaughter of unborn children in pro-life nations, promoting what he calls 'racial and economic justice,” ensnaring more nations in the European Union, pushing global governance and what he calls the 'New World Order” (which he said should be 'owned” by Communist China) , and even shifting 'the priorities of the U.S. Catholic church.” One document on funding 'Christian” schemes speaks of pursuing 'structural transformation of political and economic systems.” And that is just what is known. 
In addition to trying to subvert churches into supporting his anti-Christian agenda, Soros has also been leading the effort to flood what was once known as 'Christendom” with Islamic migrants from the globalist wars he helped engineer and justify . Indeed, Soros and his Open Society operations around the world have been key players in every phase of the ongoing mass-migration of millions of Middle Eastern and African migrants into Europe and the United States. Borders, Soros wrote in a column, are an 'obstacle.” Leaked documents revealed that the Soros machine wields enormous influence in the European Union, the Obama administration, and the United Nations as it relates to the so-called 'refugee crisis.” The goal, of course, is to fundamentally transform the entire Western world and to subvert nation-states on the road to internationalism. 
As Adams notes in his PJ Media piece, conservatives and Republicans 'have no opposing effort or source of funds that represents even a small fraction in opposition to level of the Soros-led manipulation contained in the leaked documents.” If America, the West, liberty, and self-government are to survive, Soros' machinations and those of the broader establishment he represents must be exposed and effectively countered. The alternative is what Soros has in the past referred to as a 'New World Order.” And that will not be pretty, as a fundamentally transformed United States is subjugated by globalist radicals like Soros and his dangerous totalitarian allies. Photo: George Soros 
Alex Newman is a correspondent for The New American , covering economics, education, politics, and more. Follow him on Twitter @ALEXNEWMAN_JOU . He can be reached at: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 
Related articles:
ARTICLE

Email 
Following one of the most contentious presidential elections in recent memory, Hillary Clinton won more popular votes than Donald Trump in the nationwide election — while losing to Trump in the Electoral College vote. As of Wednesday morning (when this is being written), incomplete returns showed Clinton leading Trump by 165,292 popular votes — 59,344,158 to 59,178,867. But since the Constitution still reigns, members of the Electoral College are expected to meet next month and elect Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States. 
Article II, Section 1, Clause 2 of the Constitution states: Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives to which the State may be entitled in the Congress…. 
That means that 100 electors (representing two senators from each of the 50 states) plus 435 electors (representing the 435 members of the House of Representatives) plus three electors granted to the District of Columbia (a total of 538 electors) will actually elect the next president of the United States, not the voters themselves. Those electors are going to give Trump at least 289 votes, more than the 270 needed to elect him as president. 
If Hillary had her way she would be president instead. As far back as the year 2000, in her first public appearance as New York's junior senator-elect, she said: 'I believe strongly that in a democracy [sic], we should respect the will of the people, and to me that means it's time to do away with the Electoral College and move to the popular election of our president.” 
Which is precisely why the Founders of the Republic did everything they could think of to keep the newborn republic from being transformed by power seekers such as Clinton into a democracy by putting in place such apparent anomalies as the Electoral College. 
Writing in The New American , constitutional lawyer Joe Wolverton explained one of the reasons why. In an article just before the national elections in 2012, he noted: As the situation stands today, a successful candidate is required to build a coalition of electoral support from across the country. The frequent trips to Iowa, New Hampshire, and other less populous states witness this campaign reality. To be elected, a candidate cannot simply woo voters in urban areas while ignoring those citizens living between the two coastal megalopolises. Should [a] National Popular Vote measure become the de facto law of the land, a candidate could simply spend time, money, and attention on the large cities in order to ensure garnering a plurality of votes on Election Day. 
John Ryder, then a member of the Republican National Committee, expanded: 'Under such an arrangement, presidential candidates would have no incentive to campaign anywhere except the major media markets in a few states. The country would, in essence, cede our presidential elections to the largest metropolitan areas, whose concerns are different from those of other areas of the country.” 
The Founders knew from history the dangers of letting a majority override the interests and rights of a minority — that that majority would eventually become tyrannical, inimical to the minority's rights. Constitutional scholar Dan Smoot explained: From their vast knowledge of history, the American Founding Fathers knew that unlimited political power cannot safely be trusted to anyone — not to appointed officials of government, not to elected representatives of the people, not to the people themselves. Hence, they devised a system to control political power by dispersing it and balancing it so that too much power could not be concentrated in any one place. 
By requiring the states to nominate its own electors, those smaller states would have a larger voice in the national election, as James Madison noted in The Federalist Papers : 'It may well be that the public voice, pronounced by the representatives of the people , will be more consonant to the public good than if pronounced by the people themselves.” (Emphasis added.) 
Madison continued: The immediate election should be made by men most capable of analyzing the qualities adapted to the station [of president] and acting under circumstances favorable to deliberation, and to a judicious combination of all the reasons and inducements which were proper to govern their choices. A small number of persons, selected by their fellow citizens from the general mass, will be most likely to possess the information and discernment requisite to so complicated an investigation. 
Pulitzer-Prize winner and conservative commentator George Will saw clearly what the Founders were trying to accomplish through the Electoral College's interposition between the people and those running for the presidency, noting: The core principle of our republicanism is representation: The people do not decide things[;] they decide who will decide. Representatives are supposed to deliberate about the national interest, not just broker demands registered from various factions. 
There were other reasons as well. Gouvenour Morris, a Founding Father who represented Pennsylvania during the Constitutional Convention in 1787, explained that there were fears of 'intrigue” if the president were chosen by a small group of men who met clandestinely, as well as concerns over his independence from the Legislative branch if he was elected by the Congress. 
Fisher Ames, a member of the first three Congresses, was blunt: The Electoral College was designed to protect the citizenry against the dangers and ravages of a runaway democracy: 'Popular reason does not always know how to act right, nor does it always act right when it knows.” He added that 'every move … towards a more complete, unmixed democracy is an advance towards destruction; it is treading where the ground is treacherous and excavated for an explosion. Liberty has never yet lasted long in a democracy; nor has it ever ended in anything better than despotism.” 
A scant 165,292 votes cast on Tuesday, without the Electoral College in place, would have elected one skilled in the ways of treachery, despotism, and destruction. 

An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 
Related articles: 
ARTICLE

Email 
Voters in at least four states decided to nullify unconstitutional federal statutes and United Nations drug-control treaties by officially ending marijuana prohibition, a major victory for the U.S. Constitution and the 10th Amendment. Three states — California, Massachusetts, and Nevada — completely legalized marijuana, even for recreational use by adults. By press time, it appeared that Maine's initiative to do the same was on its way to being successful. In Arizona, where conservative nullification efforts on other issues have been popular, voters narrowly decided to keep pot prohibition in place. Still, regardless of one's views on cannabis, states' rights scored a string of impressive successes this week. 
In Florida, voters overwhelmingly amended the state Constitution to end prohibition of medical marijuana for patients suffering from certain ailments. Recreational pot possession remains illegal. Joining Florida were Arkansas and North Dakota, two reliably conservative states where voters also decided to nullify federal and UN schemes by ending the criminalization of the controversial plant when used under doctors' orders. Montana voters decided to further liberalize that state's medical marijuana laws. Over half of American states have now in practice nullified unconstitutional federal cannabis policy, which generally prohibits the plant even for medicinal purposes. 
In the successful referenda on cannabis this week, the states' decisions to buck the U.S. government and the UN all rely — whether knowingly or not — on a proper constitutional tool known as 'nullification.” Essentially, nullification is a time-tested legal strategy to check unconstitutional federal statutes and policies at the state level. It was promoted by some of America's most prominent Founders, such as Thomas Jefferson and James Madison, two of the men responsible for the nation's founding documents. 
The idea behind nullification is simple: Under the U.S. Constitution, the federal government was delegated a few defined powers by the states. Prohibiting substances was not among those powers, hence the need for a constitutional amendment to ban alcohol. Ratifying UN treaties, whether on drugs or anything else, does not grant new powers to the federal government, as even the Supreme Court has made clear. As such, states have an obligation to interpose on behalf of their citizens by rejecting unconstitutional power grabs. In the past, numerous states have relied on similar strategies, including Wisconsin, which refused to return run-away slaves under the Fugitive Slave Act. 
Under the 10th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, state governments and the people explicitly reserved all powers not specifically granted to the feds under the U.S. Constitution. Because drug policy is not constitutionally a federal power, states and the people retained all power in this field — unconstitutional federal statutes, regulations, and UN treaties notwithstanding. A constitutional amendment would be needed to legally change that. Regardless of one's own feelings about marijuana, then, conservatives and constitutionalists concerned about federal lawlessness in other areas — everything from healthcare and environmental policy to gun control and abortion — should take a lesson. 
"The lesson here is pretty straight forward," said Michael Boldin, executive director of the non-profit Tenth Amendment Center. "When enough people say, 'No!' to the federal government, and enough states pass laws backing those people up, there's not much the feds can do to shove their so-called laws, regulations or mandates down our throats." The TAC, which advocates for state nullification of unconstitutional acts, said the feds would be unable to enforce the drug war without state help, essentially nullifying the UN-inspired federal ban . 
California was, of course, the biggest prize for anti-prohibition forces. After becoming the first state to nullify federal and UN policies purporting to criminalize the plant for medicinal purposes some two decades ago, the most populous state in the union now joins Alaska, Colorado, Oregon, Washington State, and the District of Columbia in totally ending pot prohibition — even for recreation. With 56 percent support, the Golden State's Proposition 64 ending prohibition of marijuana possession and cultivation for those over 21, also known as Adult Use of Marijuana Act, cruised to an easy victory. A tax of 15 percent and a range of regulations were also part of the measure. 
Some experts expect the trend to continue spreading. But not everybody is happy about it. While the federal government is constitutionally prohibited from interfering in state's marijuana policies, the UN has been fuming about the anti-prohibition nullification wave for years . 'I don't see how [ending marijuana prohibition] can be compatible with existing [UN drug] conventions,” former Soviet diplomat Yury Fedotov, who serves as executive director of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), complained in 2014 after years of demanding that the U.S. government violate the Constitution to crack down on the phenomenon. 'Of course, such laws fall out of line with the demands of these conventions.” 
Fedotov said the UN 'Commission on Narcotic Drugs,” another globalist bureaucracy, shared his views. Speaking to reporters, the UN drug czar and former operative for the brutal communist regime ruling the Soviet Union, said it appeared to be part of a growing trend that the UN was monitoring. Asked whether there was anything the agency he runs could do about it, however, Fedotov promised merely to 'raise the problem” with Obama's State Department and other UN outfits next week. But even top Obama law-enforcement officials have publicly acknowledged that there is little to nothing they can do , and have 'requested” a 'flexible” interpretation of the crumbling UN regime . The Constitution is the reason why Obama has been powerless to stop the nullification. 
Among those at the forefront of the movement to stop prohibition is Law Enforcement Against Prohibition , a non-profit group of police, judges, prosecutors, and others who oppose prohibition for a number of reasons. In a phone interview with The New American , LEAP Executive Director Major Neill Franklin, a retired 34-year law-enforcement veteran, pointed to the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights as among the key reasons why Americans from across the political spectrum should be celebrating the successful ballot initiatives to end marijuana prohibition from California to Massachusetts. 
'The Constitution and the Bill of Rights call for small, limited, less expensive government,” he said, expressing concerns that there may be federal efforts to push back against the trend in the years ahead amid a potential renewed focus on 'law-and-order” policies. 'The rights of the states to set their own policy — that's one of the foundational principles of this country. I'm really hoping that we continue moving toward this return of powers to the states. This is about the 10th Amendment and the states´ rights to implement these reforms.” 
'We should be seeing this from the conservative perspective, to hold on to these constitutional principles, and the 10th Amendment,” he added, before wondering how many conservatives and average Americans in general today truly understand the U.S. Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and what they mean. 'If people understood this, we would support reducing the size and cost of government, doing everything possible to support the 10th Amendment, and all the amendments that are in the Constitution. We need to also ensure that our Fourth Amendment principles are upheld by our law-enforcement community.” 
Expressing concerns about the militarization of law enforcement in recent decades — much of it fueled by the federal government and justified under the drug war — Maj. Franklin argued that a nationwide constitutional education campaign was needed. 'All of our rights need to be afforded to everyone in our country,” he explained. 'We need some education, and quick. We need a concerted effort to spread the principles of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, and to undo any policy that upholds the federal war on drugs. These things need to be dealt with at state level.” 
Having served on the front-lines of the war, first as a major in the Maryland State Police commanding as many as nine drug task-forces covering half the state, and later as a lieutenant colonel in the Baltimore Police Department, Major Franklin said he had seen the problems first-hand. 'I've seen the carnage, the damage, the violence, the number of people we've put in prison,” he said. 'Our criminal justice system for the last few decades has been a huge drain on our resources, not just at the federal level, but for our states as well. The war on drugs has been a huge driver of this.” 
'Now the individual states are trying to roll back these types of policies that have strained our resources and harmed our communities,” continued Franklin, calling the policies counter-productive and expressing hope that the trends would continue to unfold across the country. 'It would be extremely unpopular for the federal government to try to turn back the clock, if you look at the polls. But the constitutional principles at stake here are, again, foundational to America. We must not lose sight of that.” 
Franklin also praised a group of law-enforcement and military personnel across America who have re-affirmed their oaths to defend the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights of America. While noting that not everyone agrees with everything when it comes to the Oath Keepers, the longtime police official said it was important that this was a group of lawmen and servicemen who really understand and stand by the U.S. Constitution they swore an oath to uphold. 
'This goes for everybody, as a country: If we don't have a concrete foundation to work from and stick to, despite how you feel about it — and in our country that's the Constitution and the Bill of Rights — then anything goes,” Franklin cautioned. 'And if there´s any group that needs to understand this 100 percent, and abide by it 100 percent, it is our law-enforcement officials, because of the power and the influence they have. That's how I feel from over three decades in law enforcement, that is extremely important to me.... We have to ensure — the people and politicians do — that the laws we place in front of our law enforcement folks are based upon, and do not contradict, these foundational principles.” 
Even some proponents of prohibition appear to have largely accepted the legitimacy or at least the inevitability of the growing nullification tsunami. Rather than try — and almost certainly fail — to get the feds to defy the U.S. Constitution in a bid to prod states into re-prohibiting the plant, anti-marijuana campaigners have vowed to fight pot use at the state and local level using a variety of methods. One group, Smart Approaches to Marijuana, has launched the 'Marijuana Accountability Project” (MAP) that aims to 'keep state officials and the industry accountable.” It will also seek to help municipalities rein in the marijuana businesses. 
MAP officials, who have been fighting the growing wave of legalization, made clear that the fight was not over. 'I'd be lying if I said election night/morning wasn't tough,” said SAM President Kevin Sabet, a former White House drug advisor who said his side was drastically outspent by anti-prohibition forces. 'But unlike with prior year losses, I am feeling (strangely, maybe) optimistic. We won in Arizona. We have a friendly governor in Vermont, which was the next target for the legalizers, and we won in a large handful of cities and counties in Oregon. And we know that no matter what happens in Maine, we will be in a very strong place to shape and restrict any policy that goes forward.” 
Of course, there are plenty of critics of marijuana, many of whom cite studies showing that the drug can cause or at least contribute to memory problems, mental health issues, driving risks, and other concerns. Certainly, some constitutionalists were concerned that an end to prohibition might lead to increased marijuana use, though the evidence supporting this proposition is mixed . The sudden surge in the use of nullification to rein in the feds' unconstitutional war on marijuana, then, was met with mixed feelings by some constitutionalists, who feel that states should continue to prohibit the plant even if the federal-UN war that underpins prohibition is illegal. 
Still, the federal government has self-evidently grown far outside the bounds of the Constitution in virtually every policy area. The horrifying consequences of this lawlessness are becoming obvious for all to see — $20 trillion in debt, growing attacks on constitutionally protected rights, an out-of-control regulatory regime, and more. The dangers of tolerating continued anti-constitutional policies from Washington, D.C., and the UN are enormous, and represent a threat to even the most fundamental liberties. 
As liberals and Democrat Party-controlled states increasingly rely on state nullification to protect self-government and their own states' rights under the Constitution's 10th Amendment, it is past time for conservatives, constitutionalists, Republicans, libertarians, and others to do the same. Whether one approves of marijuana or not is beside the point — the real issue is whether America will have lawful, limited, constitutional government, or lawless, unlimited, globalized tyranny . 
Alex Newman is a correspondent for The New American , covering economics, education, politics, and more. Follow him on Twitter @ALEXNEWMAN_JOU. He can be reached at: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 
Related articles:
ARTICLE

Email 
In what Democrats and the Left hoped would be a steal reclaiming control of both the House and Senate on the coattails of a much-anticipated Clinton victory, Republicans firmly held their ground retaining control of both chambers of Congress as Donald Trump wins the presidency. 
With all 435 seats up for reelection in the 247-seat Republican-dominated House of Representatives, Democrats made only moderate gains picking up a net total of only five districts with only a few races remaining undecided as of Wednesday afternoon but not enough to alter the balance of power. 
Unsurprisingly, Paul Ryan, who has been critical of his party's own presidential nominee and now President-elect Donald Trump, easily won his reelection, defeating Democrat opponent Ryan Solen in a landslide with 65 percent of the vote. Although Ryan is favored to be reelected Speaker of the House for the incoming 115th Congress, he is also likely to receive opposition from both Democrats on the Left and Trump-Republicans who disagree with the speaker on his support for 'free trade” agreements — namely, the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
It still remains to be seen whether House conservatives or President-elect Trump will push Ryan from the speakership in favor of another Republican congressman. However, in a statement posted on Facebook, Ryan congratulated Trump on his victory and vowed to work with the president-elect. 'We are eager to work hand-in-hand with the new administration to advance an agenda to improve the lives of the American people. This has been a great night for our party, and now we must turn our focus to bringing the country together,” Ryan said. 
Among Republican losses and Democrat gains in the House was the ouster of incumbent 12-term Florida GOP Congressman John Mica, who maintains a lackluster cumulative score of 57 percent from The New American 's " Freedom Index ," which measures congressmen's fidelity to the Constitution based on the votes they cast. Mica lost his reelection bid to Democrat challenger Stephanie Murphy, the first Vietnamese-American women elected to Congress. 
Also in Florida, former Republican governor-turned-Democrat Charlie Crist defeated incumbent freshman Republican Congressman David Jolly, who holds al Freedom Index score of 48 percent. 
The most disappointing race for conservatives was the defeat of seven-term New Jersey Republican Congressman Scott Garrett, who lost to Democrat challenger and former Clinton-speech writer Joshua Gottheimer. Garrett rates a cumulative Freedom Index score of 76 percent, which is the highest for any congressman from New Jersey, but far less than ideal. All constitutionalist top-tier Freedom Index score recipients in Congress easily won their reelection campaigns. 
In Michigan, where Trump is expected to win the state's 16 electoral votes, libertarian/constitutionalist Republican Congressman Justin Amash crushed his Democrat opponent Douglas Smith 59 to 38 percent with 100 percent of precincts reporting. Amash, boasts an impressive Freedom Index score of 93 percent, second only to Thomas Massie of Kentucky who has a near-perfect score of 98 percent. Massie also blew out his Democrat opponent with an even wider electoral margin of 71 to 29 percent. Both Amash and Massie have made reputations for themselves as heirs to former Congressman Ron Paul as leaders in the liberty movement in Congress. Amash and Massie have firmly opposed reauthorization of the Patriot Act, have vigorously opposed indefinite detention and unconstitutional surveillance-state measures, and have championed pro-liberty causes such as auditing the Federal Reserve as a step towards eventually abolishing the Fed and restoring sound money, i.e. a gold-standard currency. 
Other incumbent constitutionalists such as Congressmen Alex Mooney of West Virginia and David Brat of Virginia easily won their races against their Democrat rivals. Congressmen Amash, Bratt, Massie, and Moonie have also expressed deep reservations about and oppostition to the TPP agreement advocated by both President Obama and House Speaker Ryan. 
In the Senate, Rand Paul was easily reelected with 57 percent of the vote, garnering over one million votes compared to Democrat challenger Jim Gray who received only 813,224 votes, 43-percent. Looking forward, Senator Paul optimistically told Fox News on Wednesday morning, 'The one thing I'm excited about in the Trump presidency is I think in the very first weeks of this next Congress, the Republican Congress is going to repeal some regulations. I hope a half a dozen regulations or more and we'll get them onto Trump's desk and I think he'll sign them.” 
In Wisconsin, in what was a rematch and ultimately a repeat of the 2010 U.S. Senate race, incumbent Republican Senator Ron Johnson defeated Democrat opponent former Senator Russ Feingold. Johnson's reelection victory was an upset to Democrats who hoped to unseat him as part of an effort in one of five states they sought to flip from Red to Blue in order to regain control of the Senate. 
The only Republican loss in the Senate, which is hardly a loss for conservatism and constitutionalist principles, was in Illinois where RINO (Republican in name only) incumbent Senator Mark Kirk lost to two-term Democrat Congresswoman Tammy Duckworth. Kirk has the lowest Freedom Index score of any Republican in the U.S. Senate with a dismal 35-percent. He was defeated by Duckworth, who received 54 percent of the vote. 
As far as what to expect from the new Congress, Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky told reporters early Wednesday morning that repealing ObamaCare is a 'pretty high item on our agenda, as you know.” McConnell went on to call President Obama's landmark health insurance legislation the 'single worst piece of legislation” from Obama's first term. 
Trump's victory, coupled with Republicans maintaining control of both chambers of Congress, sends a clear anti-establishment message to Washington that Americans want a cooperative Congress to work with a President Trump and Vice President Pence to finally and fully repeal ObamaCare, nominate constitutionalist judges to the Supreme Court, and put an end to anti-sovereignty trade deals such as the TPP, Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP), Trade in Services Agreement (TiSa), and the still-under-negotiation and little-known U.S.-China Bilateral Investment Treaty (BIT). Of course, none of this will happen without the same steadfast tenacity and commitment to contacting and urging Congress to take these appropriate steps as was utilized when working toward achieving these historic wins on Election Day. 
In a post-election message from The John Birch Society, Vice President of Communications Bill Hahn impassionedly stated: The John Birch Society has never been closer to victory as we are today. Think of the opportunity that has been afforded to us. Here we have a president that has been talking on many issues that we have called attention to, especially illegal immigration and trade agreements. When in recent memory have we had a presidential nominee even mention Americanism or advocating for scaling back our involvement within the UN? We all realize the faults that Trump has and where his views on issues differ but let's not use that as an excuse to not get involved. If you are waiting for a better candidate or a better time in the future they do not exist. 
Hahn optimistically implored listeners and constitutionalist grassroots activists that 'we have a tremendous opportunity to advance our action projects, turn the tide of globalism, and put our country back onto a track of less government, more responsibility, and with God's help a better world.” Emphatically, Hahn urged activists to 'place twice the amount of time, energy, money, and gusto into The John Birch Society than you did with this election. Your efforts paid off, so let's double down and strike while the iron is hot.” 
With the obstructionist roadblock of a globalist Democrat president removed from the equation, the incoming 115th Congress has the potential of either moving in the constitutionalist direction or becoming a huge disappointment in the fight for liberty. Only time will tell whether the new Congress, in conjunction with President Donald Trump in the White House, will keep its campaign promises. One thing, however, is certain, as Hahn stressed: This is a tremendous opportunity for those seeking to roll back government and advance the cause of liberty. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

Email 
President-elect Donald Trump will be extremely busy during his first 100 days in office, fulfilling what he can of his ' contract with the American voter .” Before then, lame-duck President Barack Obama, on the other hand, will be concentrating on cementing into place as much of his healthcare and environmental agenda as he can. Neither is likely to succeed fully. 
Trump has promised to 'drain the swamp” in Washington, with plans to propose a constitutional amendment imposing term limits on all members of Congress. He promises to install a 'hiring freeze” on all federal employees, letting natural attrition over time reduce the federal workforce. He intends to require that every new federal regulation include plans to eliminate two others simultaneously. 
Trump intends in his first 100 days either to renegotiate or repeal NAFTA, and withdraw altogether from the not-yet-ratified TPP. And he plans to "repeal and replace" ObamaCare. 
He is promising to lift Obama administration restrictions on energy development and move ahead with the completion of the Keystone Pipeline. He intends to turn off the flow of funds to the United Nations' climate-change programs and redirect those funds to various infrastructure projects at home. 
And he has promised to 'cancel every unconstitutional executive action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama.” 
Trump has other plans as well, but those mentioned above are likely to keep him very busy during his first 100 days in office. 
In the White House there will be activity of a different sort between now and Trump's inauguration: the outgoing president doing what he can to salvage all he can of his fading legacy. He had high hopes that Hillary Clinton would work to cement into place ObamaCare with various governmental 'fixes," reopen negotiations over the TPP (despite her protestations against it during her campaign), and extend and expand various UN treaties sold as campaigns against global warming and climate change but actually giving up huge swaths of national sovereignty in the continued building of the New World Order. 
With Trump now breathing down his neck and determined to undermine as much of that 'progress” as he can, Obama will be reduced to issuing executive orders (which Trump has promised to negate), commuting sentences of favorite insiders caught with their hands in the federal cookie jar, and pardons. Pardons for Hillary (and Bill), Hillary's main man John Podesta, along with Huma Abedin and her estranged husband Anthony Weiner for crimes they haven't yet been charged with are already being floated. Executive orders can be reversed; pardons can't, and some are suggesting Obama still has plenty of business left undone and havoc that he can wreak during the final days of his unlamented administration. 
According to William Howell, a political scientist at the University of Chicago, this anticipated burst of activity by Obama is predictable: "What we've seen in the past is when the outgoing president is replaced by somebody from the opposition party, then in the waning months of their presidency there is a burst of regulatory and rule-making activity." 
In the days leading up to the inauguration of the new president, Obama is going to be relying heavily upon his 'pen,” while in the days afterward Trump will be busy using an eraser to clear the decks for his new agenda. Photo: AP Images 
An Ivy League graduate and former investment advisor, Bob is a regular contributor to The New American magazine and blogs frequently at LightFromTheRight.com, primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. . Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

Email 
Following the surprisingly strong electoral victory of Donald Trump to the White House in this year's presidential election, a spokesperson for a group founded to revive the rejected 2007 DREAM Atct — which would have granted amnesty to minors illegally in the United States — pledged to resist mass deportation of illegal aliens. The spokesperson also called Border Patrol (CBP) and Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) personnel "agents of racism.” 
In a statement quoted by the Washington Times , Cristina Jimenez, co-founder of United We Dream (which describes itself as 'the largest immigrant youth-led organization in the nation”) said: 'Immigrants are declaring a state of urgency and resilience. Over the coming weeks, our families and community members will need to tap into the incredible strength that brought us to this country and which we use to survive.” 
In her statement, Jimenez not only expressed dismay at the election of Trump but also castigated the agents of the federal agencies charged with protecting our borders. 
'All people with love in our hearts are angered and disappointed tonight and pledge to resist mass deportation,” she said. 'ICE and CBP have proven themselves to be agents of racism and agents of hate.” 
Both the National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) and the National Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Council — the two unions that represent Border Patrol and ICE agents, respectively, had announced endorsements of Trump during the presidential campaign. 
We reported in our article last April that the NBPC's leaders — including Brandon Judd, the union's president; Kenneth Palinkas, its past president; Shawn Moran; the union's vice president; and Chris Cabrera, a spokesperson for the NBPC's Rio Grande Valley council — have all been vocal in criticizing the Obama administration's lack of enforcement of our nation's immigration laws. 
The NBPC issued a press release on March 30 that stated part of the reason for its endorsement of Trump: Mr. Trump is correct when he says immigration wouldn't be at the forefront of this presidential campaign if months ago he hadn't made some bold and necessary statements. And when the withering media storm ensued he did not back down one iota. That tells you the measure of a man. When the so-called experts said he was too brash and outspoken, and that he would fade away, they were proven wrong. We are confident they will be proven wrong again in November when he becomes President of the United States. 
The union representing the nation's Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers and staff, the ICE Council, endorsed Trump last September. Their endorsement statement noted: Donald Trump reached out to us for a meeting, sat down with me to discuss his goals for enforcement, and pledged to support ICE officers, our nation's laws and our members. In his immigration policy, he has outlined core policies needed to restore immigration security— including support for increased interior enforcement and border security, an end to Sanctuary Cities, an end to catch-and-release, mandatory detainers, and the canceling of executive amnesty and non-enforcement directives. 
A notice on the United We Dream website stated that when the DREAM Act failed to get 60 votes in the Senate in 2007, a 'group of DREAMers, organizers, and advocates came together to reflect on the DREAM Act campaign and talk about building a movement and organization that would not hinge on votes in Congress.” 
President Obama, frustrated that the DREAM Act (the Development, Relief, and Education for Alien Minors Act) had repeatedly failed to pass, had already decided to bypass Congress by creating the DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) program to allow youth who had brought into the country illegally by their parents as children immigrants to work legally in the United States. 
Critics of DACA have pointed out that the program is a means to circumvent Congress and grant amnesty to those who reside here illegally. 
The DACA program was created in 2012 via policy memo by then-Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano. In 2014, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson further expanded the DACA program by removing its age cap and extending the work authorization to three years. Subsequently a group of states challenged this executive action in the case of State of Texas, et al v United States, et al. 
The DACA program was brought to a halt after U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen of the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas responded to the plaintiff states by issuing an order of temporary injunction to block the federal government from implementing the Obama administration's policy memorandums that expanded DACA and implemented the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA) program. 
The Obama administration appealed Hanen's ruing in a case that went all the way to the Supreme Court. After the court issued a tied 8-8 decision on the appeal, Hanen's injunction was allowed to stand. 
With the election of Donald Trump, it is expected that the new president will issue an executive order of his own to reverse those issued by Obama administration officials to create DACA. It is the anticipation of this move that has groups such as United We Dream worried. 
Related articles:
ARTICLE

Email 
Donald Trump has done what many said could not be done. In the wee hours of Wednesday morning, he exceeded the necessary 270 electoral votes and was announced the winner of the presidential election. To call his victory a political upset would be an understatement; the establishment media spent the evening watching the votes come in in a state of frenzied disbelief. 
Trump campaigned on an anti-establishment platform that both distanced himself from the leadership of the GOP and drew attacks from both GOP leaders and Democrats. Trump came out against so-called free trade agreements such as TPP, promised to defend the border, promised to work to build the American economy, and — worst of all to the establishment — put America first. Whether he will do those things remains to be seen, but the point is that the establishment seems to have pulled out all stops in an effort to keep Trump from ever seeing the inside of the White House as anything other than an invited guest. 
What the establishment appears to have overlooked — indeed appears to always overlook — is the American mindset. That mindset is as mysterious to the insiders as theirs is to patriotic Americans. 
As Patrick Caddell wrote for Fox News : Unfortunately, the analysts, the pollsters and most importantly the commentariat of the political class have never understood, and in fact are psychologically incapable of understanding what is happening. And for the entire cycle of this presidential campaign they have failed to grasp what was happening before their eyes — for it runs counter to everything they believe about themselves. In truth, they are suffering from cognitive dissonance believing in their righteous superiority and are not capable of realizing that it is they who have become the adversary of the American people. And therefore they have been wrong, in this entire election cycle, every step of the way. 
Caddell goes on to note that the 'uprising” — of which Trump was the Right Guard and Bernie Sanders was the Left Guard — was not created by either Trump or Sanders; it was the other way around. And that — because of their 'cognitive dissonance” — the 'leaders” within the establishment (both Left and Right) missed that point: For them, American politics only began yesterday. They know little history and have no appreciation of the collective consciousness of the American people. Whether it is the campaign of Bernie Sanders, who came within a hair's breadth of knocking out the coronated nominee of the Democratic establishment or on the other side, the emergence of the total outsider Donald Trump, the most improbable candidate of all. In truth, Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump, sucked from the same trough even if it was from opposite ends. But the critical point that is missed, by almost everyone, was that neither Sanders nor Trump created this uprising. They were chosen vehicles — they did not create these movements, these movements created them. 
By giving the American people a choice between Hillary Clinton (who WikiLeaks disclosures show wanted Trump to win the GOP nomination) and Donald Trump, the establishment put Americans in a position to come out swinging. While a great many voters would have preferred a more constitutionally minded option, the GOP played the same tired, old game it has been playing for the past several election cycles. By filling the roster with one establishment Republican after another, the GOP put voters in a position to nominate and then elect Trump. 
Neither the talking heads of the mainstream media nor the leadership of the GOP ever thought that Trump could actually win. Republicans and Democrats alike said time and again that Trump could not win . More than that, though, it appears that even many in the leadership of the GOP did not want Trump to win. As The New American 's William F. Jasper wrote in August: Hedge fund billionaires, Wall Street mega-bankers, Hollywood movie moguls, RINOs (Republicans In Name Only), ultra-Left 'Progressive” Democrats, and Big Media journalistas have all ganged up on one man. Together with an AstroTurf army of neocon pundits, radical academics, student activists, and street agitators funded by the Big Foundations and Big Government, they have united to stop that one man: Donald J. Trump. George Soros, David Rockefeller, Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Michael Bloomberg, Steven Spielberg, Jeff Bezos, and a bevy of other uber-rich titans have teamed up with National Review , the Weekly Standard , the New York Times , the Washington Post , CNN, MSNBC, CBS, ABC, NPR, et al., to ensure that 'The Donald” never makes it into the White House. Some of these plutocrats — Soros, Buffett, and Spielberg — have taken the full 'I'm With Her” Hillary Rodham Clinton loyalty pledge. Many of the anti-Trump 'Republican” and 'conservative” poseurs, on the other hand, have not formally taken the Hillary plunge, but their implacable 'Never Trump” stance amounts to the same thing. 
Of course, there were many who could have been classified as being firmly in the 'Never Trump” camp who were there for reasons of principle, wanting to send a message of no compromise by voting for a third-party candidate with a stronger understanding of constitutional issues. Considering the strong showing of third-party votes Tuesday night, it appears that while many did reject Trump, many more rejected Clinton. The third-party vote did not prevent a Trump victory, but there is little doubt that had Clinton secured more of the votes that went to Johnson (who — on issues such as abortion, the environment, and guns — is not very far removed from Clinton) and other third-party candidates, she could have closed the gap to a large degree. In the end, those who pulled the lever for Trump (whether in outright support of the man and his policies or as a 'protest vote” against Clinton and her policies) carried the day. 
From the beginning, Trump maintained a lead in both the popular vote (ranging anywhere from 750,000 to almost 2,000,000 throughout the night) and the electoral vote. (As of this writing, the count shows that Clinton did eventually edge out Trump for the popular vote, but only by a couple hundred thousand votes.) Even as that was happening, the mainstream media was in denial. The New York Times was still predicting an 85-percent chance of a Clinton win at least as late as 10:20 p.m., even as Trump was already leading by a growing margin. 
By 1:30 a.m. Wednesday, the Times was predicting a 95-percent chance of a Trump victory. But even at that, the graph shown on the Times website shows that by 10:20 p.m. — while still claiming an 85-percent chance of a Clinton win, the Times had already faced the music and realized that the candidates stood an even chance of winning. 
Of course, by 1:30 a.m., it was all over except the crying, and a Trump victory was a foregone conclusion. But how — and why — did Trump win? 
There are a number of factors that came into play. The first (as pointed out above) is that the American people are simply tired of the status quo and are ready and willing to make choices (for good or bad) that they would never have previously made. The second is that Hillary Clinton's campaign — dogged by one scandal and legal battle after another, from beginning to end — can be said to have died of exposure. That exposure came from a variety of sources, including WikiLeaks, Judicial Watch, and others. Even having twice dodged indictment at the hands of the authorities for her crimes, she was denied the White House by the people who voted. The ' rigged system ” of which Trump spoke may have given her a pass; the people did not. The ' Shadow Government ” may have protected her — at least so far — from the consequences of her actions, but it could not get her elected. 
The biggest factor, though, is that — while often sounding a bit like a caricature of a patriot — Trump said many things that resonated with Americans who have lived under eight years of Obama's policies. While many have said that they are not sure Trump will do what he has said he will do, they were sure that Clinton would do what she said she would do. Given the choice between a man they may not be able to trust while he promises to 'Make America Great Again” and a woman they are certain is telling the truth when she says she is going to sell America out all over again, the choice — for many — was clear. 
Of course, it now becomes the responsibility of those people to hold Trump to his word. Republicans now control the White House, the House of Representatives, and the Senate. Trump will nominate Supreme Court justices who could tip the balance of the court. If that happens, Trump could enjoy the same balance of power enjoyed by George W. Bush for the middle four years of his presidency. Bush failed to use that power to reduce the debt (in fact, he grew the debt), to shrink the size and scope of the federal government (again, he expanded the federal government — especially the surveillance state), or to end or even reduce the scourge of abortion (he did nothing), though he ran on a platform including all of these issues and more. 
Trump has some big promises to keep. He has promised — among other things — to reduce the size and scope of government, to pay off the debt, to reduce our dependency on foreign oil, to kill so-called free trade agreements that threaten both our sovereignty and economic stability, to overturn Roe v. Wade , and to launch an investigation into Clinton's crimes and put her 'in jail.” 
Trump has also promoted some ideas that are very unlikely to 'Make America Great Again.” In February, as the FBI v. Apple case was brewing, he called for a boycott of Apple unless the company would undermine the encryption of the iOS platform used by millions to protect their personal data . Last November, he said that if elected he "would absolutely bring back interrogation and strong interrogation," including waterboarding , ignoring (or perhaps being ignorant of) the fact that torture is both immoral and ineffective . What the American people do not need is another surveillance hawk and torturer in the White House. Those ideas were rejected by reasonable Americans the last time we had a Republican president. Trump needs to reject them, as well. 
If Trump — who rode to victory on a populist wave — will abide by the Constitution and surround himself with advisors who do the same, while maintaining a strong moral compass and abiding the moral will of the people who elected him, he may yet prove the 'Never Trump” camp wrong. If he does not, he will prove them right. 
Either way, President Trump has to prove that the anti-establishment candidate will be an anti-establishment president. And it is up to the American people to hold him to that. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

Email 
Petty tyranny is alive and well in the home of the Magna Carta, thanks to a sweeping 2014 crime act. According to a new report from the Manifesto Club, a British civil-liberties organization, U.K. residents are being cited and fined — under the threat of criminal prosecution for failure to comply — for such offenses as not weeding their gardens, crying too loudly in their own homes, posting signs critical of local government policies, or even feeding wild birds. 
The Anti-social Behavior, Crime and Policing Act — passed at the urging of Theresa May, then home secretary and now prime minister — gave local officials the authority to issue Community Protection Notices (CPNs) to individuals 16 or older whenever officials believe that 'the conduct of the individual … is having a detrimental effect, of a persistent and continuing nature, on the quality of life of those in the locality.” 
An official may issue a CPN on the spot, with only minimal warning to the individual being cited, for any offense he deems worthy, including things occurring within someone's home. The CPN may demand that the cited individual either refrain from a particular activity or take specific actions, or both; and it may impose a fine of up to $124. In addition, if an individual refuses to comply with a CPN, he may be subjected to criminal prosecution and, if convicted, fined as much as $3,100. 
CPNs, noted the Manifesto Club, do 'not have to go through a magistrates' court, and the standard of proof is significantly lower” than that for civil injunctions. 'CPNs therefore give council officials unprecedented powers to direct the behavior of particular individuals, backed up by the force of the criminal law.” 
The group found that between October 2014 and October 2015, councils issued 3,943 CPNs and 9,546 CPN warnings. Between April 1, 2015, and December 31, 2015, there were 254 prosecutions for failure to comply with a CPN; 200 of those were successful. 
A number of CPNs concerned activities taking place inside the home. Most were related to noises that could be heard in adjoining properties, including apartments. Shouting, swearing, and even crying that could be overheard were forbidden, as was 'noise from televisions, sound equipment (stereo systems), radios, musical instruments, domestic appliances and power tools.” 
Four councils issued CPNs prohibiting people from feeding birds in their gardens — this despite the fact that the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds actually encourages people to do just that. 
'Such orders,” wrote the Manifesto Club, 'undermine the privacy and sanctity of the home. If you cannot cry within your own house, or feed the birds in your garden, then the home has no significant meaning as a private space which is protected from the demands of the outer world.” Moreover, 'The noise restrictions specified in these orders are unrealistically low: it is rare that TVs or music cannot be overheard to some extent in adjoining properties, and a certain background noise is part and parcel of living in a flat or terraced house. It may be that some of these individuals' behavior would qualify as a statutory nuisance, but the issued CPNs set the conditions so low as to criminalize very ordinary behavior.” 
Many, if not most, of the CPNs concerned the conditions of people's yards, or 'gardens” in British parlance. While some requested the removal of waste such as sofas, others were merely for gardens that were not kept up to the standards of the official issuing the CPN. Several councils issued CPNs to individuals unfortunate enough to have Japanese knotweed, an invasive plant species, pop up in their gardens. Should those individuals fail to eradicate the weed — a lengthy and difficult process requiring deep excavation — they could end up with criminal records. 
'Councils can also use the measures to stifle criticism of council policy,” the Manifesto Club found. 
A man in East Lancashire was threatened with a CPN ordering him to take down 'inflammatory” signs that criticized a new housing development sanctioned by the council. The signs were on his back gate and on a tree on the edge of his property. The council's community protection coordinator said: 'This notice would ultimately give the council the ability to enter the land and remove the signs.” 
CPNs have been used to force people to maintain their houses in keeping with others' tastes. One homeowner was threatened with prosecution if he did not clean his windows both inside and out. Another was cited for keeping a bicycle collection on his property. 
Furthermore, CPNs can require people to take expensive remedial actions. If an individual refuses to comply, the council can have the work performed and then bill the homeowner for it. Sources of overheard noise can be seized and destroyed. 
'There appears to be little respect for the rights of home ownership or the notion that your house or garden are [sic] places that you can manage as you see fit,” observed the Manifesto Club. 'Now it is the complainant outsider, and not the home owner or occupier, who appears to have the weight of authority and the balance of the law on their side.” 
Councils have also used CPNs to target particular individuals' public behavior rather than going through the messy and public process of enacting general restrictions or obtaining civil injunctions. At least two councils have no laws against begging or public sleeping — one, in fact, was forced to withdraw a previous order prohibiting them because of public protest — but have used CPNs to enforce de facto bans on these activities. Some CPNs were issued to people who clearly needed help rather than prosecution, such as a homeless, mentally ill man who insisted on sleeping in the woods on hospital grounds but was harming no one. 
It's not hard to figure out why local officials love CPNs: They can make up 'laws” on the spot — some councils' CPN forms don't specify particular offenses but allow officers to write in whatever they please — and enforce them (and collect fines) without the bother of proving their case in court. 
'It is a principle of law that more specific powers should be preferred to more general ones,” argued the Manifesto Club. 'In fact, we are seeing the opposite: the more general CPN power is being preferred to more specific powers. A quick-fix, all-purpose measure is being used in areas where other powers could be used, which means that the punishment of offences such as neighbor nuisance is occurring beyond the purview of formal law and procedure.” 
The Manifesto Club, along with other civil-liberties organizations, is calling on the government to greatly curtail the use of CPNs. They also note that individuals can appeal CPNs in court and encourage more to do so. 
The good news, the group's Josie Appleton told CNSNews.com , is that the CPN statute hasn't become entrenched law yet. 
'I think it's very early days,” she said. 'I'm hopeful.” Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

As was predicted by opponents from the start, ObamaCare has begun to implode, owing to high costs brought on by government planners. Questions remain: Why, and what next? 

On Monday, October 3, former President Bill Clinton, in a series of unexpected and perhaps unscripted comments while stumping on behalf of his wife's presidential campaign in Flint, Michigan, took the political world by surprise when he singled out Obama­Care for scathing criticism. 'You've got this crazy system where all of a sudden, 25 million more people have health care, and then the people who are out there busting it, sometimes 60 hours a week, wind up with their premiums doubled and their coverage cut in half and it's the craziest thing in the world,” Clinton told a crowd of supporters. 
He added that 'the current system works fine if you're eligible for Medicaid, if you're a lower-income working person, if you're already on Medicare or if you get enough subsidies on a modest income that you can afford your health care.” 
But overall, Clinton concluded, Obama­Care is hurting the very people it was intended to help, pointing out that 'the people getting killed in this deal are the small-business people and individuals who make just a little bit too much to get any of these subsidies.” 
During Bill Clinton's own presidency a generation ago, Hillary Clinton was put in charge of creating a system of socialized medicine (so-called Hillarycare), an effort that met with political failure. The Clintons have long been ardent public supporters of socialized medicine (and socialism in general). What would prompt Bill Clinton to attack ObamaCare during a heated presidential campaign? Have the failings of Obama's disastrous experiment in socialized medicine become so obvious that even Democrats now want to distance themselves from it? 
In a word, yes. Since its full phase-in earlier in 2016, the Affordable Care Act has — as its many detractors have been predicting for years — inflicted critical damage on an already creaky healthcare system and ruined healthcare coverage for tens of millions of Americans. As Clinton noted correctly, the middle class, students, and small-business owners and their employees have borne the brunt of the damage, although no one but the few who can afford to pay out of pocket for healthcare have been unaffected by ObamaCare. Premiums have skyrocketed alongside deductibles and copays, while President Obama's most quotable promise — that Americans who liked their pre-Obama­Care health coverage could keep it — has been discarded, as millions promptly lost their coverage or endured deep cuts in benefits and soaring costs with their existing coverage. In a word, ObamaCare has been a scourge on the already troubled American economy, a monumental political and economic mistake that has been a major contributor to our continuing economic malaise, more than eight years after the onset of the Great Recession. 
Sticker Shock 
One of the concerns that ObamaCare was supposed to address was rising healthcare premiums, which had outpaced wage increases for years. During the five-year period from 2004 to 2009, for example, healthcare premiums rose an average of 30 percent, while wages increased by only 12.2 percent. Figures such as these buoyed President Obama and other supporters of socialized medicine, and were a crucial factor leading to the passage of ObamaCare in 2010. Yet in the first year after ObamaCare's enactment, premium costs soared by an additional 9.4 percent, and by 2014, the increase over five years was a whopping additional 28 percent, while wages only grew by 7.8 percent during that same period. While some of the depressed wages were (and are) certainly attributable to the Great Recession and its seemingly never-ending aftermath, it has become embarrassingly clear that Obama­Care has done nothing to halt the rise in healthcare premium costs. 
With open enrollment in ObamaCare slated to begin in November, another, politically far more damaging consequence has dominated the news in recent days: the soaring cost of ObamaCare premiums in many states. During the last week in October, the election season was roiled by news that the price of ObamaCare premiums will rise on average 25 percent in 2017, with many areas experiencing significantly greater price hikes. Arizona, which will be among the hardest-hit states, will experience a whopping 116 percent increase in its second-cheapest 'silver plan,” for which a hypothetical 27-year-old paying $196 per month in 2016 will be paying $422 in 2017. The Obama administration has tried to downplay this latest round of healthcare sticker shock, with glib assurances that eight out of 10 ObamaCare beneficiaries will qualify for subsidies under the terms of the now-ironically named Affordable Care Act. Aviva Aron-Dine of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) rushed to assure ObamaCare customers that the government will cover the difference for most of them: Issuers were pricing for a completely new market, one where they could no longer exclude those with the most serious health needs; many set prices that turned out to be too low.... Not only do tax credits bring down the cost of coverage, they adjust dollar for dollar with the cost of the benchmark plan in your area. So even if the cost of benchmark coverage goes up, most consumers will not have to pay more. 
In other words, the market got pricing wrong at the outset, but now the government, in its omniscience, will fix everything. HHS has indicated that our hypothetical young Arizonan in a silver plan will qualify for government subsidies of about $280 per month — if his annual income is $25,000 or so. If he makes more than $30,000, the subsidy will be much less. Left unsaid in all the posturing and spin is how the government is going to pay for all the new healthcare subsidies that the disastrous rise in premium costs has made necessary. The answer, of course, will ultimately be higher taxes, fees, and public debt, coupled with further contractions of benefits. 
Another development unanticipated by the Obama administration has been the veritable stampede of healthcare providers and insurers out of ObamaCare. As early as 2013, insurance company Aetna announced that it was opting out of ObamaCare in a number of states, including Connecticut (where the corporation is headquartered), California, Georgia, and Maryland. Other major insurers, such as Blue Cross and United Health Group, have also pulled out of healthcare exchanges in California and elsewhere as the health insurance market continues to contract under centralized control. Meanwhile, many of the nation's top hospitals and clinics are either opting out of ObamaCare or being very selective in the policies for which they will accept coverage. With the beginning of open enrollment in November, many markets, such as Philadelphia, will be left with only one or two insurance providers participating in ObamaCare, leaving consumers little or no choice. On average, the number of options available to customers will decline by about a third, with competition declining in all but four states that participate in Healthcare.gov's exchange. Hard-beset Arizona is a fairly typical example of the dizzying decline of healthcare options: In the Grand Canyon State, the number of options available will fall from 65 in 2016 to just four in 2017. Overall, about 21 percent of customers seeking healthcare plans at Healthcare.gov will encounter only one option in 2017 — up from two percent in 2016. 
Meanwhile, health insurance plans nationwide are plagued by ballooning deductibles — the amount the insured must pay out of pocket for healthcare before insurance benefits kick in. Once a nominal amount, the post-ObamaCare deductible has rapidly morphed into a severe financial threat in and of itself. The average deductible for a typical 'Bronze” plan under ObamaCare is now $5,629, while the average deductible for a 'Silver” plan is $2,994. The lowest deductibles belong to the 'Gold” plans, which average only $1,105 — but feature premiums too expensive for most Americans to pay. As Nathan Nascimento recently pointed out in the National Review : Paying $3,000 or $5,600 before their insurance kicks in simply isn't an option for most families in times of emergency. A December 2015 survey by Bankrate.com found that 63 percent of Americans don't have enough savings to cover an unexpected emergency-room visit costing $1,000. A recent report from the New York Times put it bluntly: Rising out-of-pocket costs have rendered many exchange plans 'all but useless” for those already struggling to make ends meet. 
And participation in America's Brave New World of healthcare isn't optional; Obama­Care also levies hefty tax penalties on Americans without health insurance, and has anointed the IRS its collection and enforcement arm. The federal government has — so far — been tentative in enforcing the tax penalties for the uninsured. As Joseph Thorndike, a tax policy analyst, told the New York Times , 'It is highly unusual for the federal government to use tax penalties to encourage affirmative behavior. That's a hard sell.” Even so, tax penalties assessed by the IRS have been rising steadily, in an attempt to browbeat Americans into the system. Many Americans, however, have done the math and prefer, even four years into the ObamaCare abyss, to pay the annual penalty. One Atlanta business consultant in his early fifties told the Times that he was seriously considering dropping his ObamaCare premium, which is costing him $1,400 a month this year to cover his family of four. Next year, his premiums will go up by 60 percent, whereas the IRS penalty will only amount to two months' worth of premiums. And his story is far from unique. Millions of Americans are prepared to take the risk of a major medical setback and pay a tax penalty of hundreds or even thousands of dollars rather than be saddled with enormously expensive monthly premiums that pay for policies with deductibles so high that only a catastrophic event would be covered at all. Some consumers who buy insurance on the exchanges still feel vulnerable. 'Deductibles are so high,” observes the Times , 'that the insurance seems useless. So some think that whether they send hundreds of dollars to the I.R.S. or thousands to an insurance company, they are essentially paying something for nothing.” 
For ObamaCare to even appear to work, it must be able to attract large numbers of healthy, young, low-risk subscribers — yet that is the opposite of what has taken place so far. A large percentage of Obama­Care subscribers are older and/or in poor health, precisely the customer base that would be most attracted to policies that, though expensive, are still preferable to the alternative of paying tens or hundreds of thousands annually for chronic illnesses and long-term disabilities. 
For those already insured via employer-based plans, rising premiums and deductibles alongside contracting benefits have become a fact of life. Healthcare providers and insurers, hard beset by ObamaCare's many mandates, are trying to save money any way they can, which includes scaling back benefits for all payers. 
In a word, Americans now find themselves in a healthcare morass from which there appears to be no deliverance. If current projections are anywhere near the mark, Americans will soon be paying as much or more for government-run healthcare plans than they would have paid by choice before ObamaCare — except with the inefficiencies inherent to any government-run enterprise added on. Moreover, there is every indication that, sooner rather than later, in large swaths of America no insurance provider will participate in ObamaCare at all. 
Private to Public 
It wasn't supposed to turn out this way. In reassuring voters of the need for his reforms, President Obama famously promised tens of millions of Americans already satisfied with their healthcare coverage that they would be able to keep their plans if they liked them. We were also assured by a mob of Democrats and their media mouthpieces that ObamaCare could be done cheaply and efficiently, and that it would solve chronic problems with portability, rising costs, and lack of access to quality healthcare for millions of Americans. 
Yet not everybody was convinced. All the way back in 1993, when Bill Clinton was attempting to pass sweeping healthcare reforms, humorist P. J. O'Rourke famously quipped to a gathering at the Cato Institute: 'If you think health care is expensive now, wait until you see what it costs when it's free.” As events turned out then, Hillary Clinton and her team of high-paid experts were unable to ram socialized medicine down America's collective throat. But President Obama was able to enact the long-standing goal of government-run healthcare, and the results have been precisely what O'Rourke and many others on the Right had warned us to expect. Perhaps the only surprise has been the speed of the implosion, but few sober observers doubt that ObamaCare is in a death spiral, courtesy of the implacable laws of economics. 
The federal government's meddling in the healthcare system began during the Second World War, an indirect consequence of wage controls imposed by the federal government. Companies were unable to offer competitive wages thanks to FDR's wartime socialist measures, but when the War Labor Board exempted fringe benefits from the wage controls, companies began offering competitive healthcare insurance benefits instead. When the war ended, the wage controls were lifted, but the expectation of employer-provided healthcare remained. President Truman tried to pass a voluntary government healthcare program, but the politics of the day did not allow him to make any progress. Labor unions, which in general favored programs such as socialist medicine, opted instead to support measures requiring big companies to offer health benefits packages. By 1960, most large public and private employers offered health insurance, whose benefits typically extended to routine care. And not surprisingly, once average Americans were offered government and union-backed benefits packages that incentivized frequent trips to the doctor for checkups, minor colds and injuries, and a range of other elective procedures, prices began to rise with increasing demand. 
The ObamaCare crisis is but the latest installment in the slow-motion deterioration of the American healthcare system, a trend that began in the mid-'60s after the passage of Lyndon Johnson's Social Security Amendments of 1965 (a major component of President Johnson's 'Great Society” initiative), which created Medicare and Medicaid. Medicare and Medicaid were the first major interventions in the healthcare sector by the federal government, and were the outcome of decades of pressure by the Left to emulate countries such as Great Britain in instituting socialized medicine. With the passage of these two massive new federal programs, healthcare costs began to rise precipitously, and have been rising ever since, with each new government healthcare 'fix” introducing new distortions and disincentives into the healthcare markets. From 1960 to 2013, healthcare spending rose from $147 per person to $9,255 per person, with an average annual increase of 8.1 percent. Per capita income over the same period grew by an average of only 5.7 percent. More tellingly, during this same period there was a massive shift in responsibility for coverage of healthcare costs. In 1960, 77 percent of healthcare costs were covered by private sponsors such as households and businesses, with the other 23 percent covered by government (a surprisingly high percentage pre-Great Society, but these figures include all levels of government). By 2013, private sponsors covered only 57 percent, and government the remaining 43 percent. More specifically, the federal government's share of healthcare spending rose from 11 percent to 26 percent. 
The figures tell an interesting story. Over the last 50 years, healthcare has morphed from a mostly private to a mostly government enterprise, in terms of where and how the money is being spent, and the history of healthcare legislation since 1965 is a litany of greater and greater federal government involvement in the healthcare sector. 
In 1973, Congress passed the Health Maintenance Organization Act, which mandated that companies with 25 or more employees offer federally certified HMO coverage. HMOs were envisaged as a way to streamline and contain already rising healthcare costs, by incentivizing preventive care and healthy lifestyle choices, among other things. But while they were billed as private organizations, their economics were always driven by the federal government, which from the beginning has exercised oversight of HMOs via the use of mandates requiring them to produce particular products. But healthcare costs continued to soar, averaging annual increases well above 10 percent throughout the '70s. And the barrage of new federal regulations continued. 
The year 1986 saw the passage of the Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act, whereby the federal government forced hospitals that accept Medicare payments to treat any individual seeking medical treatment, regardless of citizenship status or ability to pay. However, the government does not reimburse hospitals for this service, leaving the Emergency Medical Treatment requirements an unfunded mandate that hospitals must pay for by increasing costs elsewhere. 
In 1996, Congress passed the massive Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), which protected health insurance for families and individuals who change jobs or become unemployed. By the late '90s, such legislation was deemed necessary because healthcare costs had risen so high that one major medical procedure not covered by insurance — let alone treatment for chronic, pre-existing conditions that traditional insurance would not cover — would spell financial ruin for most. But those conditions — a healthcare sector in which those outside the system of employer-provided benefits risked a lifetime of debt for injuries sustained in a car accident, for example — were wholly a creation of government interference in the healthcare sector in the first place, by first incentivizing higher consumer demand than the free market once warranted, and then by systematically mandating a broader range of services, at lower cost, than healthcare providers could possibly provide without taxpayer subsidies or much higher prices for other services. 
In 2003, Congress passed the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act (shortened to MMA), the largest overhaul of Medicare since its inception. And MMA did not streamline Medicare or defund any part of its provisions. Instead, it massively expanded Medicare coverage to include prescription drugs — paid for, of course, by government subsidies. The cost of new prescription drugs had been shooting up, due mostly to more and more stringent FDA controls and government red tape hindering pharmaceutical R&D. But as it routinely does, government was only too happy to provide a solution (government-subsidized prescription drug coverage) for a government-created problem (exorbitant prices for newer prescription drugs). And the consequences have been predictable: Prescription drug prices continued to soar, driving Medicare costs to Icarian altitudes. 
Undeterred, the federal government continued its campaign to solve healthcare costs by creative legislation. The Patient Safety and Quality Improvement Act followed in 2005, and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act in 2009, before President Obama's mammoth Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) ushered in a new era of truly socialized medicine in the United States in 2010. 
'Single Payer” 
But even the Affordable Care Act is not what left-wing radicals have been seeking for almost a century. The real goal is an innocuously named 'single payer” system — in essence, a system in which the government pays for everybody's healthcare, such as healthcare systems in Canada, Great Britain, and many other wealthy countries. Such a system converts healthcare into a wholly public enterprise — and gives the state total authority over matters of life and death, including abortion and euthanasia. Fully socialized medicine has always been near the top of every socialist's wish list, because it gives the state full control over the health of its citizens. 
It has been suggested, with some plausibility, that ObamaCare was a ruse, programmed to fail so that Americans would more readily accept single-payer healthcare as a solution. Whether or not the spectacular failures of ObamaCare were anticipated by its creators, the Left is already touting a single-payer system as the solution. Robert Reich, ultra-liberal Harvard professor and secretary of labor under President Clinton, is strongly supportive of a single-payer system. In an August article entitled 'Why a Single-Payer Health Care System Is Inevitable,” Reich caricatured the insurance industry, insisting that 'the problem isn't Obamacare per se. It lies in the structure of the private markets for health insurance — which creates powerful incentives to avoid sick people and attract healthy ones.” This, of course, is the only rational way that the health insurance industry can work. Insurance companies, like all businesses, need to turn a profit, which means attracting more people who will pay more into the insurance pool than the sick and injured will withdraw from it. But then Reich, and liberals in general, are viscerally opposed to profit-taking (which they usually style 'profiteering”). They have no moral qualms, on the other hand, with using the power of the state to extract ever more taxpayer money to fund Utopian projects such as single-payer healthcare systems that, over time, drain treasuries and degrade the quality of the healthcare they are supposed to improve. 
ObamaCare's chief architect, MIT professor Jonathan Gruber, has argued at various times that, whether the Affordable Care Act succeeds or fails, a single-payer system is the final goal. In a candid discussion aired on CSPAN, Gruber indicated that if the ACA 'doesn't work, then we'll have to revisit single payer. This bill is the last, best hope for private insurance.” But at a forum at Harvard University, Gruber disingenuously tried to explode the 'fallacy” that 'if Obamacare fails, then next we'll go to single payer.” Instead, he suggested, the eventuality of a single-payer system depends on the success of Obama­Care, stating emphatically that 'if you like single payer, then Obamacare has to succeed.” In other words, heads we win, tails you lose; no matter what happens with ObamaCare, America will have a single-payer system. 
One big surprise for the promoters of a single-payer system has been the speed with which ObamaCare has unraveled. Another surprise has been the election of GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump, who has promised to repeal ObamaCare, and the defeat of Hillary Clinton, who was expected to continue and build upon ObamaCare. Instead of having a decade or so to plan a smooth transition into fully centralized government-run healthcare, President Obama and his liberal backers in Washington not only face ferocious opposition to ObamaCare, but the Republicans — having retained majority control of both houses of Congress as well as capturing the White House — are now well positioned to scuttle ObamaCare, if that is what they truly intend to do. 
But will Trump as well as congressional Republicans who promised to get rid of ObamaCare actually do so? And will they work to replace it with free-market healthcare as opposed to a GOP variant of socialized medicine — ObamaCare-lite, perhaps? Of course, there is no doubt that proponents of single-payer healthcare are not going to give up, even if they are forced to take a temporary step back before advancing their agenda once again. They want full-blown socialized medicine in the United States, and they will eventually get it, unless principled opposition, coupled with a fuller understanding among the voting public of the folly of socialized medicine under any label , forces them into a complete rout. 

(A version of this article, written prior to the November 8 elections, appeared in the print edition of The New American .) Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
ARTICLE

Email 
In American political terminology, 'lame duck” refers to a politician whose term is drawing to a close. That of course describes President Barack Obama, who will turn over the keys to the White House to President-elect Donald Trump on January 20, 2017. Several past presidents have used the time between the presidential election and the inauguration of their successors to issue controversial executive orders, make 'midnight appointments,” and grant controversial pardons. 
After President John Adams lost to Thomas Jefferson in the election of 1800, he used this time to make a multitude of political appointments, including filling the post of chief of justice of the Supreme Court with John Marshall. Adams left office in 1801, but Marshall remained on the court until 1835. (This is a dramatic illustration of the importance placed on Supreme Court appointments during the just-past presidential campaign.) The Republican-controlled Senate has already made clear that Obama will not be allowed to make a repeat of that history-changing nomination, opting to not even hold hearings on Obama's Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland, offered as a replacement for the late Justice Antonin Scalia. 
But Obama still holds the reins of executive power until Trump takes the oath of office, and there are many more radical moves he could make in an effort to extend his influence beyond the end of his term of office. 
One area of concern, based on his previous actions, includes his pushing the envelope on the role of the executive branch in the enforcement of federal regulations. For example, Obama has pressured public schools across America to open their showers and restrooms to transgender students. Under this policy, the Obama Department of Education used Title IX statutes to argue that refusal to allow, for example, a male student to walk into a shower with female students, if that student claims to self-identify as a girl, is an act of discrimination not allowed under federal law. And if these schools refuse to follow Obama's policy, they are threatened with the loss of federal funds. Of course, the federal statutes refer to discrimination on the basis of sex, and no one can seriously contend that those statutes were enacted decades ago with transgender students in mind. 
And that was before the 2016 presidential election, when such a policy could hurt Democratic congressional candidates, or even the presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. What will Obama do if he no longer has any such concern? Will he take even bolder action in the time he has left? 
Sam Batkins, director of regulatory policy with the American Action Forum, has said that five major rule changes in areas such as renewable fuels and methane are still awaiting action by Obama. With Trump unlikely to advance the radical environmental agenda of Obama, there may well be some move by the outgoing president in this area before the inauguration in January. 
Obama has regularly demonstrated a disregard for the doctrine of separation of powers. Under this important doctrine, the Constitution explicitly gives to Congress all legislative power enumerated in the Constitution. Yet faced with a Congress that has refused to pass legislation favored by Obama in areas such as immigration, he has not hesitated to use 'executive orders” to implement this agenda anyway. 
Considering that restricting out-of-control immigration was a major campaign theme of Trump, will Obama issue yet another executive order in this area, believing nothing will happen to change it for the next four years? 
'I've got a pen and I've got a phone,” Obama said back in 2014. 'And I can use that pen to sign executive orders and take executive actions and administrative actions that move the ball forward." 
Some of Obama's previous executive orders have been challenged in court and sometimes blocked by federal judges on the grounds that he exceeded his powers. Yet he has not backed off in using executive orders to, in effect, make law. He has declared, 'One of the things that I'm going to be talking to my Cabinet about is how do we use all the tools available to use, not just legislation , in order to advance a mission that I think unifies all Americans.” (Emphasis added.) 
Surely Obama does not believe using executive orders to circumvent Congress and the Constitution is somehow 'unifying.” 
Other presidents have certainly issued executive orders, going all the way back to George Washington. But this misses the point. Executive orders are a legitimate exercise of presidential power — if they are directed to members of the executive branch, to implement an act of Congress, or in some cases, concerning court decisions. Contrary to Obama's assertions, however, they are not a constitutional method of making law, as the Constitution clearly states that all that power belongs to Congress. All does not leave any such legislative power to the president. 
One subject that could be of more immediate concern during the upcoming lame-duck session of Congress is the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal negotiated by Obama, but with which Congress has yet to take action. With President Trump an ardent opponent of the deal, it will most likely be withdrawn from congressional consideration after January 20 of next year. Knowing that, Obama may make a major effort to push the pact through in the lame-duck session. One might remember that President Bill Clinton did the same thing with NAFTA during his term as president. And since far too many Republican members of Congress, and even leaders such as House Speaker Paul Ryan favor the TPP, opponents of this globalist trade deal cannot let down their guard. 
Finally, it is traditional for presidents to grant pardons in their last days in office, and even up to their very last day. These actions of executive clemency are certainly constitutional, as part of the checks-and-balances concept of the Constitution — powers granted to the president to correct alleged injustices that may have occurred in the federal courts. But some pardons over the years have certainly raised eyebrows. 
With Hillary Clinton remaining under a cloud of potential prosecution by a future Justice Department, some have even speculated that Obama may give her a pardon on his way out the door. Also, one Republican lobbyist, Michael McKenna, noted, 'I do think a pardon for Huma and Weiner might happen.” McKenna was referring to Clinton's top confidante, Huma Abedin, and her estranged husband, Anthony Weiner. It appears that Abedin and Weiner may have violated federal laws in their handling of sensitive State Department documents. The discovery of a trove of these e-mails on the laptop of Weiner precipitated the issuance of a statement by FBI Director James Comey that he had reopened the investigation into Clinton. 
It is not the first time that Comey has given a Clinton a clean bill of legal health. 
Comey also played a role in a controversial pardon issued by Bill Clinton years ago. Marc Rich was a fugitive who fled the country during his prosecution (ironically, by then-federal attorney Rudi Guiliani), and traveled to Switzerland to avoid imprisonment. He owed $48 million in taxes and was charged with 51 counts of tax fraud. Rich was also wanted for trading illegally with Ayatollah Khomeini's Iran, where he purchased around $200 million worth of oil during the time 53 Americans were held hostage in Teheran. He also made illegal deals with Gadhafi in Libya, Kim Il Sung in North Korea, and other communist dictatorships, including the Soviet Union and Cuba. 
He fled to Switzerland in 1983, but outgoing President Bill Clinton pardoned him on his last day in office, on January 20, 2001. Even Clinton supporters were repulsed by the pardon, with the New York Times calling it 'a shocking abuse of presidential power,” and former President Jimmy Carter declaring it 'disgraceful.” Even Democrat Congressman Barney Frank said, 'It was a real betrayal of Bill Clinton of all who had been strongly supportive of him to do something this unjustified. It was contemptuous.” 
James Comey was later appointed to investigate the circumstances surrounding this pardon, but claimed he found no illegality on Clinton's part. This investigation occurred as a result of Rich's wife donating over $200,000 to the Democratic Party in 2000. She later gave $450,000 to the Clinton Library Foundation, and $100,000 to Hillary Clinton's Senate campaign. 
With this kind of sordid history of a past president, coupled with Obama's own track record of disregarding constitutional restrictions, it's no surprise that many are holding their breaths to see just what our outgoing president might do during his last few weeks at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Please review our Comment Policy before posting a comment 
Thank you for joining the discussion at The New American. We value our readers and encourage their participation, but in order to ensure a positive experience for our readership, we have a few guidelines for commenting on articles. If your post does not follow our policy, it will be deleted. 
No profanity, racial slurs, direct threats, or threatening language. 
No product advertisements. 
Please post comments in English. 
Please keep your comments on topic with the article. If you wish to comment on another subject, you may search for a relevant article and join or start a discussion there.
