ARTICLE

 
Recorded audio of a series of phone conversations between former President Bill Clinton and his mistress, Gennifer Flowers, have recently surfaced.
In one of the recordings, from 1991, Clinton, then governor of Arkansas, is heard advising Flowers to deny any claims that he had aided her in getting a state job.
'If they ever asked if you'd talked to me about it, you can say no,” he says.
 
Related Stories Bill Clinton Leads Crowd In Litany Of Obamacare's Failures Wikileaks: Bill Clinton Accepted 'Expensive Gifts' From CGI Donors Activist Who Documented DNC's 'Dirty Tricks' Operation Joining Trump At Debate The recording was released Wednesday on Breitbart .

At the time of the recording, the media had been asking many questions about Clinton's affair with Flowers and she was worried that the barrage of questions could inevitably lead to inquires into how she landed her job as an administrative assistant for the Arkansas Appeal Tribunal.
 
A complaint was being filed by an anonymous woman who felt that Flowers' relationship with Clinton kept her from getting the job when, the woman claimed, she was more qualified.
In the audio, Clinton is heard coaching Flowers on how best to deal with the woman and subsequent questions that may arise.
The sections of the audio recordings dealing with the state job were given to the news media in 1992. This came just one day after Clinton had appeared on 60 Minutes with his wife, Hillary — the current Democratic presidential nominee — blatantly denying any romantic relationship with Flowers.
However, in his deposition for a sexual harassment lawsuit filed against him by Paula Jones, Clinton would eventually admit to having a sexual interaction with Flowers in 1998.
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Hannity Proposes A Sendoff For Obama In The Event Of A Trump Presidency Flowers recorded conversations with Clinton from 1990 to 1991 while he was governor, prior to his campaign for president.
But it wasn't until now that she turned over the full original recordings to a Breitbart reporter.
The timing of the leak comes at a time when — amid recent sexual harassment allegations against Republican nominee Donald Trump — Clinton has had a number of people questioning his treatment of women.
What do you think?
ARTICLE

 
In the past year, Americans have seen police officers ambushed and assassinated, and they have watched as the thin line protecting citizens from criminals has been reviled by groups such as Black Lives Matter.
And now America is taking its stand.
A new Gallup poll shows that respect for the police has hit its highest point in almost 50 years.
 
Related Stories Video: Suspect Beats Female Officer Who Didn't Use Weapon Out Of Fear Of Backlash Police Officer Issues A Moving Response To Kaepernick's Protest NBA Anthem Singer Drops To Knee During Final Line To Protest Racial Inequality The poll, taken in early October, found that 76 percent of Americans have 'a great deal” of respect for police and another 17 percent say they have 'some” respect.
'Obviously, this violent rhetoric we have seen from BLM has backfired ,” wrote Andrew Mark Miller on Young Conservatives.
'People respect the cops more than ever and they clearly see what a difficult job they have,” he added.
 
Miller said the Black Lives Matter movement denies its true purpose.
'And don't give me this nonsense about how BLM isn't anti-police,” he wrote. 'In fact, many BLM supporters have been out there saying we should eliminate the police force entirely .”
Miller said the bottom line is clear.
'This poll is a repudiation of the tactics the left has used to demonize law enforcement. No getting around it,” he wrote.
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio The level of Americans supporting the police that was reflected in the 2016 poll had not been reached since 1967, when urban riots and protest-driven long, hot summers were making cities dangerous and 77 percent of respondents said they gave police 'a great deal” of respect. Gallup began surveying Americans about the police in 1965.
The 2016 poll also shows a major change in attitudes from just a year earlier. The 2015 poll showed the highest level to date of Americans lacking confidence in their police officers, at 18 percent.
'The increase in shootings of police coincided with high-profile incidents of law enforcement officials shooting and killing unarmed black men. Despite the flaring of racial tensions after these incidents, respect for local police has increased among both whites and nonwhites,” Gallup reported in analyzing its results.
'The sharp increase over the past year in professed respect for local law enforcement comes as many police say they feel they are on the defensive — both politically and for their lives while they are on duty — amid heated national discussions on police brutality and shootings,” it added.
Gallup said future events could change the level of support enjoyed by police.
'It's unclear whether the spike in respect for police will have staying power or if it reflects mostly a reaction to the retaliatory killings against police officers last summer,” it wrote.
What do you think?
ARTICLE

 
Ezekiel Emanuel laughed on Wednesday as the hosts of MSNBC's Morning Joe joked about his brainchild, Obamacare, which on Tuesday Emanuel noted was going to cause severe fiscal pain for at least a million Americans.
On Wednesday's show, Mika Brzezinski noted that Emanuel, a former adviser to President Barack Obama is 'often called one of the architects of the Affordable Care Act.”
'How's that working for you right now, Zeke?” chimed in host Joe Scarborough.
 
Related Stories Bill Clinton Leads Crowd In Litany Of Obamacare's Failures Scarborough: Everything Republicans Predicted About Obamacare Is Coming True New Data Shows Double-Digit Rate Hikes For Obamacare Emanuel grinned while on remote from Philadelphia.
'Be honest, though,” Scarborough continued. 'Zeke only worked on the part of the Affordable Care Act that's causing increases 25 percent on average.”
Emanuel was once again all smiles.
 
A day before, there were not many smiles when Emanual appeared on CNN and told Jake Tapper the extent of Obamacare's fiscal effects.
'There's a million people for whom this is going to be severe or uncomfortable,” he said.
Earlier this week, the Obama administration announced that the average premium costs will rise 25 percent next year. However, some states were far higher. A popular ' silver” healthcare plan is scheduled to increase 116 percent in Arizona; 40 percent in North Carolina; and 53 percent in Pennsylvania.
Emanuel said the problem of rising premiums some Americans will have trouble affording is just part of the way Obamacare evolved.
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio 'Everyone who worked on the bill thought that it was not perfect, and six years in, some of the problems, some of the unintended consequences are manifesting themselves. That doesn't mean it's fatal,” he said.
'These price increases that we're seeing this year are a one-time increase relative to the fact that insurance companies didn't know who was going to come in, under-priced their premiums in the first few years, and are readjusting them based on who's in the marketplace,” said Emanuel, suggesting that tweaking the system will fix the problem.
” … it's what any company would do if they launch a product, some problems arise, and you try to fix them,” he said.
#ObamacareFail pic.twitter.com/90Aixp25Oc 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 25, 2016 

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump would prefer to throw out Obamacare rather than fine-tune it.
'Obamacare has to be repealed and replaced ,” Trump said Tuesday.
What do you think?
ARTICLE

 
Illegal immigrants are flooding across America's southern border, driven in part by the looming presidential election .
A CBS News report from McAllen, Texas , noted that large numbers of illegal immigrants have crossed the border from Mexico and turned themselves in. They are released by the Border Patrol after being given ankle monitors while they file paperwork to be granted asylum so they can remain in the U.S.
Border Patrol Agent Chris Cabrera said the rush is triggered by politics.
 
Related Stories Trump Mocks Biden's Dare To Take Him 'Behind the Gym' Trump Dedicates D.C. Hotel: 'The Future Lies With The Dreamers' Trump Sets GOP Fundraising Milestone In Small-Donor Contributions 'The smugglers are telling them if [Democratic nominee] Hillary [Clinton] gets elected, that there'll be some sort of amnesty, that they need to get here by a certain date,” Cabrera said.
'They're also being told that if [Republican nominee Donald] Trump gets elected, there's going to be some magical wall that pops up overnight and once that wall gets up, nobody will ever get in again,” he said.
Cabrera said that on some recent days, agents have netted up to 1,000 immigrants around McAllen.
 
'We're getting mass spikes of people crossing and turning themselves in,” he said.
For the federal fiscal year that ended Sept. 30, arrests of illegal immigrants crossing to the U.S. along the southern border increased 23 percent , totaling 408,870 people.
Earlier this month, Trump formally accepted the endorsement of the National Border Patrol Council at Trump Tower in New York.
Art Del Cueto, an official with the union who attended the event, said the Obama administration is conscious of the looming election and pushing to have detainees released.
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio 'I've spoken to several agents in my sector that are in charge of a lot of this processing of these individuals that we apprehended,” he said.
Although some have criminal records, Del Cueto said, 'they're setting them aside because at this point they're saying immigration is so tied up with trying to get to the people that are on the waiting list, hurry up and get them their immigration status corrected, make them citizens.”
'Why?” asked Trump.
'So they can go ahead and vote before the election,” said Del Cueto.
Trump repeated the claim. 'They're letting people pour into the country so they can go and vote,” he said.
Del Cueto agreed.
'Want to hurry up and fast-track them so they can hurry up and be able to vote for these elections,” hebor said.
What do you think?
ARTICLE

 
In the schoolyard of American politics, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stood tall Tuesday as he fired back at Vice President Joe Biden for a slam Biden sent his way last week.
'The press always asks me: Don't I wish I were debating him? No, I wish we were in high school — I could take him behind the gym. That's what I wish,” Biden said last week while attacking him for comments that surfaced from Trump's past.
Trump commented on that remark Tuesday during a rally in Tallahassee, Fla.
 
Related Stories Trump Dedicates D.C. Hotel: 'The Future Lies With The Dreamers' Trump Sets GOP Fundraising Milestone In Small-Donor Contributions Newt Gingrich Defends Donald Trump Against 'Sexual Predator' Accusations 'Did you see where Biden wants to take me to the back of the barn?” Trump asked his fans.
Donald Trump responds to Joe Biden saying he'd like to take Trump "behind the gym": "I'd love that! Mr Tough Guy." https://t.co/1vwBSd9c79 
— BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) October 25, 2016 

' I'd love that . I'd love that,” Trump added. 'Mr. Tough Guy. He's Mr. Tough Guy. You know, he's Mr. Tough Guy, when he's standing behind a microphone by himself.”
 
Trump seemed to relish the thought.
'Some things in life you could really love doing,” Trump said.
I'm trying to envision something more fitting than this election actually ending in a Biden-Trump fist fight and i cannot
— Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) October 26, 2016 

many, many, many economic problems could be solved by making a biden – trump boxing match pay-per-view
— ☕netw3rk (@netw3rk) October 26, 2016 

 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Trump also threw a jab at the media.
'By the way, if I said that, they'd say, 'He's violent. How could he have done that?'” Trump said.
Trump, who according to one recent poll has a narrow lead in Florida, told supporters that he was confident of victory .
'In 14 days we are going to win the state of Florida and we are going to win back the White House,” he declared.
'We have a thing going on that they have never seen before. It is a movement. They have never seen anything like it before. We are going to win and we are going to bring back a lot of good things including common sense to the White House,” Trump added.
'We have the power in our hands,” he said. 'In just 14 days – 14 days? Can you believe this? I started, it was a year and a half. Now we're down to 14 days.”
'We had unbelievably tough, nasty primaries. We're proud to say they were the most difficult and toughest primaries they say in the history of politics. And now we have a nasty, nasty election. But we have the facts on our side,” he added.
What do you think?
ARTICLE

 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Wednesday celebrated the reuse of a landmark that was heading toward being just another old building before he made it a luxury hotel and turned it into a symbol of what he wants to achieve as president.
Coming off of campaign events in Florida Tuesday and before he jetted off to North Carolina to resume his quest for the White House, Trump was joined by his wife and children at the formal grand opening of the Trump International Hotel Washington, D.C., built in the city's historic Old Post Office building.
'Under budget and ahead of schedule. So important. We don't hear those words so often, but you will,” said Trump , linking the hotel redevelopment to his promised performance as president. 'Today is a metaphor for what we can accomplish for this country.”
 
Related Stories Trump Sets GOP Fundraising Milestone In Small-Donor Contributions Newt Gingrich Defends Donald Trump Against 'Sexual Predator' Accusations Donald Trump's Star On Hollywood Walk Of Fame Vandalized Trump also spoke as a developer, not just as a candidate.
'My job is to look at undeveloped spaces and imagine what they could be,” he said. 'These are spaces that have no hope, no future. But you need imagination and you need the ability to get them done and to unlock their potential, and to unlock the potential of the people working on those spaces and on those projects, and we have so many things we can do for our country.”
'The United States is great,” he said. 'It's great. Its people are great. There is no task or project too great. There is no dream outside of our reach. Don't ever let anyone tell you it can't be done. The future lies with the dreamers, not the cynics and the critics.”
 
The fact that Trump took a few hours for something other than the campaign grated on some who felt the event was an improper distraction.

Republican strategist Steve Schmidt , who helped Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., in his 2008 White House race, was among those who said Trump's priorities were skewed.
'The walls are collapsing,” Schmidt said, referring to polls showing Trump behind. Trump has discounted those polls as inaccurate and pointed to others that show him leading.
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias 'He is not doing any of the normal activities that you'd be doing 13 days out in a presidential race for somebody who's competitive. You don't take a time-out to tend to your business interests,” he said.
Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway suggested that a dose of perspective might be useful.
'He's making a pit stop here in Washington and his under-budget, ahead-of-schedule hotel is really remarkable. It shows Americans the tangible accomplishments of Donald Trump. He's somebody who builds things. He's somebody who fixes things,” she said Wednesday on NBC's Today show.
'And you know, respectfully, Hillary Clinton has time to go to an Adele concert and everybody thinks that's really cool. Donald Trump stops off to unveil just an incredible, stunning piece of architecture, new hotel, first-class hotel, and everybody's hair is on fire,” she said.
Conway dared anyone to find a candidate with a more active schedule than Trump.
'Hillary Clinton took five days off to prepare for one debate and everybody looked at that as some kind of noble exercise with 23 days to go. Nobody covered that as, where is she? Why doesn't she campaign much? What is she doing? Where is she hiding?” Conway said. 'He's got the most active campaign schedule of the two candidates by far.”
What do you think?
ARTICLE

 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has reached a financial accomplishment that no other GOP candidate has before.
He has amassed the largest small-donor fundraising pack that has ever been seen in the Republican Party.
Zac Moffatt, an online fundraising expert, said that only those most committed to the candidate will typically donate.
 
Related Stories Newt Gingrich Defends Donald Trump Against 'Sexual Predator' Accusations Donald Trump's Star On Hollywood Walk Of Fame Vandalized Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio 'The people who donate are your core believers,” said Moffatt, who was digital director for Mitt Romney's 2012 campaign.
Romney and Sen. John McCain, the 2008 GOP nominee, each raised more overall in their respective campaigns than Trump has in total contributions.
However, Trump's campaign has topped both of the former nominees in small individual contributions, defined as $200 or less.
 
In this category, Trump has raised more than $78.6 million thus far, based on data from the Federal Election Commission.
In comparison, McCain raised $65.5 million and Romney raised $44.8 million by this point in their election races.
While McCain and Romney had significant income contributions from other sources, Trump's small-donor income makes up 58 percent of his overall funds.
According to OpenSecrets.org, small donations are a key category because for those below $200 mark the campaigns aren't legally required to register personal information on the donor, whereas if the donation exceeds $200 the campaign must give the donor's name, occupation, employer and ZIP code.
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias 'You could make an argument that he is the best candidate to refresh the RNC's online fundraising database because of the different kind of donor that he's gotten,” said Vincent Harris, a GOP digital strategist who did private digital work for Trump's campaign.
As of Oct. 19, the Trump campaign ceased all events meant to raise money for the party's get-out-the-vote effort, electing instead to have Trump focus on getting across his final message to voters.
'We've kind of wound down,” said Steven Mnuchin, Trump's national finance chairman. 'But the online fundraising continues to be strong.”
'We have minimized his fundraising schedule over the last month to emphasize his focus on political [events],” Mnuchin continued. 'Unlike [Democratic nominee] Hillary [Clinton], who has been fundraising and not out and about, he has constantly been out and about.”
This decision has been questioned by some given that Clinton's campaign has raised $445.4 million, according to OpenSecrets, which is $226.6 million more than the $218.8 million Trump has raised.
Clinton has 41 events lined up before Nov. 4.
What do you think?
ARTICLE

 
Donald Trump supporter and former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich got into a heated discussion with Kelly File host Megyn Kelly Tuesday while discussing the Republican nominee's debate performances, poll standing and allegations of sexual indiscretions.
Kelly broached the subject saying, 'If Trump is a sexual predator…” at which point Gingrich launched into his defense of Trump.
'He's not a sexual predator. You can't say that. You can not defend that statement,” Gingrich retorted.
 
Related Stories Donald Trump's Star On Hollywood Walk Of Fame Vandalized Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio O'Reilly Grills Washington Post Columnist Who Says He Is Not A 'Real' News Person Following the show, Gingrich posted video of the exchange to Twitter.
My exchange with @megynkelly tonight https://t.co/IZVXeiprJN 
— Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) October 26, 2016 

In the exchange which lasted several minutes, Gingrich said, 'I am sick and tired of people like you using language that is inflammatory that's not true!”
 
Kelly reminded the speaker that, while she was not taking a position on the allegations, he did not know whether they were true or not.
According to Gingrich, she took a position when she uttered the words.
Gingrich accused Kelly of being 'fascinated with sex” and unconcerned about the issues and public policy.
'Me, really?” Kelly said, before adding, 'Well, you know what, Speaker, I'm not fascinated by sex. But I am fascinated by the protection of women and understanding what we're getting in the Oval Office. And I think the American voters would like to know …”
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Gingrich went on to accuse the media of bias, pointing out the fact that three major networks spent 23 minutes covering the release Trump's Access Hollywood conversation, while choosing not to cover a speech made by Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in which she expressed her hope for open borders in the United States.
The two also discussed certain polls showing Trump trailing behind Clinton with only two weeks to go until Election Day.
While Kelly asserted that many polls have Clinton ahead in the race, Gingrich reminded her that early voting statistics show Republicans outvoting Democrats in Florida and Pennsylvania.
What do you think?
ARTICLE

 
There's a reason David Brock, founder of the liberal group Media Matters for America, chooses to house an unregistered professional solicitor in his office to raise money for his conglomerate of super PACs and nonprofits.
Professional solicitors are required to disclose their active solicitation contracts. Brock wants his unregistered solicitor, the Bonner Group, to keep its client list hidden for a very specific reason.
David Brock is laundering money 
 
Related Stories Consumers Need Protection From New Consumer Protection Bureau Rule Here's What The Markets Are Telling Us… Exposed: Profiteers Of Governing – And These Are The Ones Who Got Caught! Brock has seven nonprofits, three super PACs, one 527 committee, one LLC, one joint fundraising committee and one unregistered solicitor crammed into his office in Washington .
Uncovered records expose a constant flow of money between these organizations.
The Bonner Group, his professional solicitor, works off a commission. Every time money gets passed around, Bonner receives a 12.5 percent cut.
 
Follow the money 
Nonprofits are required to disclose to whom they give cash grants.
But they aren't required to disclose who gives them cash grants.
This weak system of one-way verification is being abused by Brock. He's been cycling money between his organizations for years, and the Bonner Group's 12.5 percent commission gets triggered after every pass.
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Hannity Proposes A Sendoff For Obama In The Event Of A Trump Presidency In 2014, Media Matters for America raised more than $10 million.
The Bonner Group was credited for raising these funds. Media Matters paid it a $1.1 million commission.

That same year, Media Matters gave a $930,000 cash grant to Brock's Franklin Education Forum , an organization that shares office space with Media Matters.

In 2014, the Franklin Education Forum reported $994,000 in total contributions, and 93.6 percent of that total came from Media Matters.
Surprisingly, though, the Franklin Education Forum gave full credit to Bonner for raising that money. It paid the fundraiser a $124,250 commission in 2014.

Notice what happened? 
Brock's Media Matters gave a $930,000 cash grant to Brock's Franklin Education Forum. Brock's Franklin Education Forum credited the Bonner Group for raising those funds, triggering the 12.5 percent commission. Brock paid the Bonner Group a $124,250 commission to solicit a cash grant … from himself! It doesn't stop there 
After the Franklin Education Forum retained $869,750, it sent a $816,224 cash grant to Brock's Franklin Forum . 

Note: The Franklin Education Forum is a 501(c)3, and The Franklin Forum is a 501(c)4. They are not the same company. 
The Franklin Forum 501(c)4 paid Bonner a commission in 2013 , so it's safe to assume the fundraiser received a $102,028 commission in 2014. Unfortunately, it's hard to tell for sure. It still hasn't filed its taxes for 2014!
Let's recap 
Say, for example, you donate $1,062,857 to Media Matters for America. This is how David Brock would have used your charitable donation in 2014:
Media Matters would receive your $1,062,857 donation. The Bonner Group would earn a $132,857 commission. Media Matters would retain $930,000. Next, Media Matters would give what's left of your entire donation , $930,000, to the Franklin Education Forum. The Bonner Group would 'earn” a $116,250 commission. The Franklin Education Forum would retain $813,750. The Franklin Education Forum would then forward the remaining $813,750 to The Franklin Forum. The Bonner Group would 'earn” a $101,718 commission. The Franklin Forum would retain $712,031. In the end, Brock's solicitor would have pocketed $350,825, almost a third of your initial donation. That's a far cry from the advertised 12.5 percent commission.
As bizarre as that scenario may sound, this is exactly what Brock did in 2014.
How can we be sure this is intentional? 
Brock is the chairman for each of these organizations. How could he not know what's going on?
He's a hands-on chairman. According to their tax returns, Brock allocates time, weekly, to his organizations:
Media Matters: 31.50 hours per week Franklin Education Forum: three hours per week The Franklin Forum: one hour per week Furthermore, The New York Times reports that Brock shares a summer rental in the Hamptons with Mary Pat Bonner, the president of the Bonner Group.
Brock would have a hard time claiming ignorance on this. These transfers are intentional. He vacations with his solicitor. Case closed.
Still not convinced? 
Brock didn't even bother to give his organizations different phone numbers. They all share the same number.

What if …? 
We even located the Bonner Group's solicitation agreement with Media Matters on Florida's Gift Givers' Guide . Clarification on the commission can be found on page 2:

In English: Contractually, Brock has the option to exclude certain contributions from triggering the commission. In spite of this option, he intentionally chooses to trigger the 12.5 percent commission for money grants between his organizations.
Note: Yes, we are making the assumption that all of Brock's organizations have the same solicitation agreement with the Bonner Group. Given that his organizations share the same address, board members and telephone number, we feel it's safe to assume they also share the same solicitation agreement. 
This barely scratches the surface 
Utilizing public-facing tax returns, along with records submitted to the Federal Election Commission, we mapped out all the significant money transfers from 2014 that took place in Brock's office:

Summary 
This is all from just one year! No further commentary required.
We understand this may be hard to believe. We first came across this in July, and are still having a hard time wrapping our heads around it.
All of the data referenced in this article originated from publicly accessible sources. Check for yourself — we provided links to the source material in our article exposing the organizations operating in Brock's office. These data have been sitting out in the open, gathering dust for years. 
If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck and quacks like a duck, then it probably is a duck.
We've spent months trying to find some sort of loophole to justify this activity. But there aren't any loopholes. David Brock has something to hide. Just last month, The Daily Caller reported the following:
'Brock's former long-time live-in boyfriend William Grey (whom Brock has thanked in several of his books) threatened to go to the IRS with damaging information about how Brock was running his Media Matters empire. What did Brock do? He paid Grey $850,000 to keep quiet. Brock reportedly had to sell his home in Rehoboth, Delaware, to come up with the money. This certainly seems to indicate that Brock was terrified about what the authorities would uncover.”
Adding to this, Fox News reported the following:
'Grey accused Brock of 'financial malfeasance' and threatened to undermine Brock's fundraising efforts.
''Next step is I contact all your donors and the IRS,' Grey wrote in an email dated May 19, 2010. 'This is going to stink for you if you do not resolve this now.'”
We believe that the information presented in this article is what has Brock so terrified. We feel confident in saying, with close to absolute certainty, that David Brock is laundering money through his Media Matters conglomerate.
This article first appeared at The Citizens Audit . 

The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by the owners of this website. 
What do you think?
ARTICLE

 
In 2002, Elizabeth Smart was abducted during the night at knifepoint from her bedroom at only 14-years-old.
Her kidnapping quickly garnered national media attention. Her media savvy parents worked overtime to keep her story in the news throughout the ordeal.
During her 9 months in captivity she was raped repeatedly, often as many as 3-4 times per day. Each day was a mental and physical war for her to survive at the hands of her kidnapper and rapist, Brian David Mitchell.
 
Related Stories American Student Presumed Dead Turns Up In North Korea As Kim Jong Un's Personal Tutor With the help of an America's Most Wanted television broadcast, the police were able to locate and free her on March 12, 2003. Her disappearance and subsequent miraculous return to her family made her one of the best known teenagers in America at the time.
Justice wasn't finally served until 2011 when Mitchell received two life-terms in a federal prison.
Smart, now 28 years old, is married and a mother with a family of her own. Her daughter, Chloe is now 20 months old.
After a long day of working I like to slip back to my happy place, with Chloé on horseback. #daydreaming 
A photo posted by Elizabeth Smart (@elizabeth_smart_official) on Aug 15, 2016 at 7:30pm PDT 

 
Now as a parent herself, Smart has realized how horrible the kidnapping was for her parents.
'When I go back to my own situation, I almost think it was worse for my parents than for me because I knew that I was alive, but they didn't know,” she told People magazine.
'I always knew how much they loved me, but until I had my own daughter I didn't realize how all-consuming that is. The worst thing in the world would be if something happened to my little girl,” she continued.
Smart has made it her life's work as a reporter, teacher and activist to make sure other parents, families, victims and survivors are supported, 'Nobody should have to go through the aftermath of a terrible crime alone.”
Call if you or someone you know needs help. Report it! #StopChildAbuse w/ @helpspreadthis https://t.co/FUqHbDoyoJ pic.twitter.com/laWxOfcu9G 
— Elizabeth Smart (@ElizSmart) August 14, 2016 
Smart now works for Crime Watch Daily a program hosted by Chris Hansen. With one season under belt, she's signed on for a second season.
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Finding purpose in her work, she told People, 'I decided to continue because sharing the stories of survivors is a way to keep their cases in the spotlight and hopefully give them a better chance of bringing criminals to justice.”

Speaking today to a gathering in Oklahoma, Smart said, 'It's not what happens to us that defines who we are, it's what we decide to do about it.”
What do you think?
ARTICLE

 
After the release of a WikiLeaks email chain from March 2015 on Tuesday in which a top Clinton aide admitted President Barack Obama falsely claimed he did not know about Hillary Clinton's private server use while she was secretary of state, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest sprung into action to deny that the president had lied about the issue.
'What the president said was an entirely factual response,” Earnest said to a group of reporters in Los Angeles where Obama was attending Democratic fundraisers.
Earnest then attempted to explain away all criticism of the president's actions as mere conspiracies.
 
Related Stories Hannity Proposes A Sendoff For Obama In The Event Of A Trump Presidency WikiLeaks: Podesta Said Obamas 'Don't Need To Be This Nice' To President Bush And First Lady WikiLeaks Reveals Obama Knew About Clinton's Emails; 'Clean This Up' 'I recognize that some of the president's critics have attempted to construct some type of conspiracy about the communication between the president and the secretary of state,” he said.
He continued, 'But they've failed to put forward a conspiracy that withstands any scrutiny, so I guess they are back to recycling thoroughly debunked conspiracies.”
Obama himself denied any knowledge of the server, telling CBS reporter Bill Plante in March 2015, just after the server revelations that he learned of the Clinton's private email server 'the same time everybody else learned it through news reports.”
 
Several days after the server revelations in March 2015, Earnest told the press that Obama knew about Clinton's email address and had sent messages to it but knew nothing about a private server.
He reiterated that position on Tuesday.
'The president did trade emails with Secretary Clinton, not a large number of them,” Earnest said.
'Of course the president had possession of Secretary Clinton's email address, but he did not have any knowledge of where her server was located or what sort of arrangements had been made to store her email.”
 
Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Bias, Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Facebook Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In Florida And Ohio RNC Official Takes CNN Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias However, the Wikileaks email chain – which Earnest referred to as 'stolen” and therefore illegitimate – tells a different story, with top Clinton aides seemingly in a panic that it could come to light that the president was lying when he said he did not know about Clinton's private server.
'[L]ooks like POTUS just said he found out HRC was using her personal email when he saw it in the news,” Clinton spokesman Josh Schwerin said in a March 7, 2015 email published Tuesday by WikiLeaks.
'[W]e need to clean this up – he has emails from her – they do not say state.gov,” responded former Clinton chief of staff Cheryl Mills.
What do you think?
