ARTICLE

The Dark Agenda Behind Globalism And Open Borders   By Brandon Smith 
When people unfamiliar with the liberty movement stumble onto the undeniable fact of the 'conspiracy' of globalism they tend to look for easy answers to understand what it is and why it exists. Most people today have been conditioned to perceive events from a misinterpreted standpoint of 'Occam's Razor''î they wrongly assume that the simplest explanation is probably the right one. 
In fact, this is not what Occam's Razor states. Instead, to summarize, it states that the simplest explanation GIVEN THE EVIDENCE at hand is probably the right explanation. 
It has been well known and documented for decades that the push for globalism is a deliberate and focused effort on the part of a select 'elite;' international financiers, central bankers, political leaders and the numerous members of exclusive think tanks. They often openly admit their goals for total globalization in their own publications, perhaps believing that the uneducated commoners would never read them anyway. Carroll Quigley, mentor to Bill Clinton and member of the Council on Foreign Relations, is often quoted with open admissions to the general scheme: 
The powers of financial capitalism had (a) far-reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of the systems was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland; a private bank owned and controlled by the world's central banks which were themselves private corporations. Each central bank'¶ sought to dominate its government by its ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the level of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world. 'ì Carroll Quigley, Tragedy And Hope 
The people behind the effort to enforce globalism are tied together by a particular ideology, perhaps even a cult-like religion, in which they envision a world order as described in Plato's Republic . They believe that they are 'chosen' either by fate, destiny or genetics to rule as philosopher kings over the rest of us. They believe that they are the wisest and most capable that humanity has to offer, and that through evolutionary means, they can create chaos and order out of thin air and mold society at will. 
This mentality is evident in the systems that they build and exploit. For example, central banking in general is nothing more than a mechanism for driving nations into debt, currency devaluation, and ultimately, enslavement through widespread economic extortion. The end game for central banks is, I believe, the triggering of historic financial crisis, which can then be used by the elites as leverage to promote complete global centralization as the only viable solution. 
This process of destabilizing economies and societies is not directed by the heads of the various central banks. Instead, it is directed by even more central global institutions like the International Monetary Fund and the Bank for International Settlements, as outlined in revealing mainstream articles like ' Ruling The World Of Money 'published by Harper's Magazine . 
We also find through the words of globalists that the campaign for a 'new world order' is not meant to be voluntary. 
'¶ When the struggle seems to be drifting definitely towards a world social democracy, there may still be very great delays and disappointments before it becomes an efficient and beneficent world system. Countless people '¶ will hate the new world order '¶ and will die protesting against it. When we attempt to evaluate its promise, we have to bear in mind the distress of a generation or so of malcontents, many of them quite gallant and graceful-looking people. 'ì HG Welles, Fabian Socialist and author of The New World Order 
In short, the 'house of world order' will have to be built from the bottom up rather than f rom the top down. It will look like a great 'booming, buzzing confusion,' to use William James' famous description of reality, but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault. 'ì Richard Gardner, member of the Trilateral Commission, published in the April, 1974 issue of Foreign Affairs 
The New World Order cannot happen without U.S. participation, as we are the single most significant component. Yes, there will be a New World Order, and it will force the United States to change its perceptions. 'ì Henry Kissinger, World Action Council, April 19, 1994 
I could quote globalists all day long, but I think you get the general idea. While some people see globalism as a 'natural offshoot' of free markets or the inevitable outcome of economic progress, the reality is that the simplest explanation (given the evidence at hand) is that globalism is an outright war waged against the ideal of sovereign peoples and nations. It is a guerrilla war, or fourth generation warfare, waged by a small group of elites against the rest of us. 
A significant element of this war concerns the nature of borders. Borders of nations, states and even towns and villages, are not just lines on a map or invisible barriers in the dirt. This is what the elites and the mainstream media would like us to believe. Instead, borders when applied correctly represent principles; or at least, that is supposed to be their function. 
Human beings are natural community builders; we are constantly seeking out others of like-mind and like-purpose because we understand subconsciously that groups of individuals working together can (often but not always) accomplish more. That said, human beings also have a natural tendency to value individual freedom and the right to voluntary association. We do not like to be forced to associate with people or groups that do not hold similar values. 
Cultures erect borders because, frankly, people have the right to vet those who wish to join and participate in their endeavors. People also have a right to discriminate against anyone who does not share their core values; or, in other words, we have the right to refuse association with other groups and ideologies that are destructive to our own. 
Interestingly, globalists and their mouthpieces will argue that by refusing to associate with those who might undermine our values, it is WE who are violating THEIR rights. See how that works? 
Globalists exploit the word 'isolationism' to shame sovereignty champions in the eyes of the public, but there is no shame in isolation when such principles as freedom of speech and expression or the right to self defense are on the line. There is also nothing wrong with isolating a prosperous economic model from unsuccessful economic models. Forcing a decentralized free market economy to adopt feudal administration through central banking and government will eventually destroy that model. Forcing a free market economy into fiscal interdependency with socialist economies will also most likely undermine that culture. Just as importing millions of people with differing values to feed on a nation after it has had socialism thrust upon it is a recipe for collapse. 
The point is, some values and social structures are mutually exclusive; no matter how hard you try, certain cultures can never be homogenized with other cultures. You can only eliminate one culture to make room for the other in a border-less world. This is what globalists seek to achieve. It is the greater purpose behind open border policies and globalization 'ì to annihilate ideological competition so that humanity thinks it has no other option but the elitist religion. The ultimate end game of globalists is not to control governments (governments are nothing more than a tool). Rather, their end game is to obtain total psychological influence and eventually consent from the masses. 
Variety and choice have to be removed from our environment in order for globalism to work, which is a nice way to say that many people will have to die and many principles will have to be erased from the public consciousness. The elites assert that their concept of a single world culture is the pinnacle principle of mankind, and that there is no longer any need for borders because no other principle is superior to theirs. As long as borders as a concept continue to exist there is always the chance of separate and different ideals rising to compete with the globalist philosophy. This is unacceptable to the elites. 
This has led not so subtle propaganda meme that cultures that value sovereignty over globalism are somehow seething cauldrons of potential evil. Today, with the rising tide of anti-globalist movements, the argument in the mainstream is that 'populists' (conservatives) are of a lower and uneducated class and are a dangerous element set to topple the 'peace and prosperity' afforded by globalist hands. In other words, we are treated like children scrawling with our finger paints across a finely crafted Mona Lisa. Once again, Carroll Quigley promotes (or predicts) this propaganda decades in advance when he discusses the need for 'working within the system' for change instead of fighting against it: 
For example, I've talked about the lower middle class as the backbone of fascism in the future. I think this may happen. The party members of the Nazi Party in Germany were consistently lower middle class. I think that the right-wing movements in this country are pretty generally in this group. 'ì Carroll Quigley, from Dissent: Do We Need It? 
The problem is that these people refuse to confront the fruits of globalization that can be observed so far. Globalists have had free rein over most of the world's governments for at least a century, if not longer. As a consequence of their influences, we have had two World Wars, the Great Depression, the Great Recession which is still ongoing, too many regional conflicts and genocides to count and the systematic oppression of free agent entrepreneurs, inventors and ideas to the point that we are now suffering from social and financial stagnation. 
The globalists have long been in power, yet, the existence of borders is blamed for the storm of crises we have endured for the past hundred years? Liberty champions are called 'deplorable' populists and fascists while globalists dodge blame like slimy slithering eels? 
This is the best card the globalists have up their sleeve, and it is the reason why I continue to argue that they plan to allow conservative movements to gain a measure of political power in the next year, only to pull the plug on international fiscal life support and blame us for the resulting tragedy. 
There is no modicum of evidence to support the notion that globalization, interdependency and centralization actually work. One need only examine the economic and immigration nightmare present in the EU to understand this. So, the globalists will now argue that the world is actually not centralized ENOUGH. That's right; they will claim we need more globalization, not less, to solve the world's ailments. 
In the meantime, principles of sovereignty have to be historically demonized 'î the concept of separate cultures built on separate beliefs has to be psychologically equated with evil by future generations. Otherwise, the globalists will never be able to successfully establish a global system without borders. 
Imagine, for a moment, an era not far away in which the principle of sovereignty is considered so abhorrent, so racist, so violent and poisonous that any individual would be shamed or even punished by the collective for entertaining the notion. Imagine a world in which sovereignty and conservatism are held up to the next generation as the new 'original sins;' dangerous ideas that almost brought about the extinction of man. 
This mental prison is where globalists want to take us. We can break free, but this would require a complete reversal of the way in which we participate in society. Meaning, we need a rebellion of voluntary associations. A push for decentralization instead of globalization. Thousands upon thousands of voluntary groups focusing on localization, self reliance and true production. We must act to build a system that is based on redundancy instead of fragile interdependency . We need to go back to an age of many borders, not less borders, until every individual is himself free to participate in whatever social group or endeavor he believes is best for him, as well as free to defend against people that seek to sabotage him; a voluntary tribal society devoid of forced associations. 
Of course, this effort would require unimaginable sacrifice and a fight that would probably last a generation. To suggest otherwise would be a lie. I can't possibly convince anyone that a potential future based on a hypothetical model is worth that sacrifice. I have no idea whether it is or is not. I can only point out that the globalist dominated world we live in today is clearly doomed. We can argue about what comes next after we have removed our heads from the guillotine. 
You can read more from Brandon Smith at his site Alt-Market.com . If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here . We greatly appreciate your patronage. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Saudi Arabia poised to be reelected to UN Human Rights Council   Source: RT 
As the death toll in Yemen surpasses 10,000, Saudi Arabia, one of the principal parties in the conflict, is poised to be reelected to the UN human rights body. Saudi airstrikes are responsible for the majority of the nearly 4,000 civilian deaths in Yemen. 
A secret ballot vote at the UN General Assembly on Friday will select the 14 members of the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC), or a third of its 47 members. Saudi Arabia, Iraq, China, and Japan are running for the four seats from the Asia-Pacific region, and are all expected to secure seats. 
Riyadh's term at the UNHRC would be the third in a row, and its presence at the body has been increasingly puzzling to human rights groups, given its record of twisting arms at the UN to hush up its rights abuses. 
In June, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon publicly admitted that Saudi Arabia threatened to withdraw funding from numerous programs due to an upcoming report on violations of children's rights. The report would list the Arab kingdom among violators over the toll its military campaign and blockade of Yemen has taken on children. The threat resulted in Saudi Arabia's removal from the blacklist, even though Riyadh's tactics had been exposed. 
'The report describes horrors no child should have to face,' Ban Ki-moon told reporters at the time. 'At the same time, I also had to consider the very real prospect that millions of other children would suffer grievously if, as was suggested to me, countries would defund many UN programs.' 
'It is unacceptable for UN member states to exert undue pressure,' the secretary-general added, pledging to review the removal of the Saudis from the list. 
This incident of Saudi Arabia working against UN human rights efforts is far from being isolated. In Yemen, the kingdom used control of air traffic to prevent foreign journalists, employees of international aid organizations, and UN officials from visiting the war-torn country and reporting on the situation there. 
In September, it used diplomatic pressure against the Netherlands after it introduced a resolution at the UNHRC that would launch an independent investigation into airstrikes on Yemen. The Dutch proposal failed and an Arab version was passed, one which entrusted the probe to the exiled Yemeni government, which the Saudis want to put back into power through its military actions. 
Domestically, Riyadh's policies often run against those of the UN human rights body. Seven petitions to allow special rapporteurs for the UN High Commissioner on Human Rights to investigate abuses in Saudi Arabia remain pending , some for over a decade. 
The kingdom was also reported to persecute its own subjects who cooperate with UN investigations. For instance, human rights defender Mohammed al-Qahtani, who contributed to several UNHRC reports, was accused of things like 'distorting the reputation of the country' and 'provoking international organizations to adopt stances against the kingdom.' He is currently serving a lengthy prison term. 
While far from being the only authoritarian regime with a seat at the UNHRC, Saudi Arabia maintains some of the most restrictive domestic policies. Homosexuality and conversion from Islam to another religion are punishable by death. Sentences include corporal punishment, as highlighted by the case of blogger Raif Badawi who is to be flogged 1,000 times while serving a 10-year sentence for 'insulting Islam.' 
Saudi Arabia is also one of the world's most enthusiastic executors. The number of beheadings spiked under King Salman with 157 executions reported in 2015, and 124 between January and September 2016. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

U.S. War Policy Has Created The Multi-polar World   Brandon Turbeville, Activist Post 
As the United States squanders the enormous good will and respect it once had by marching forward on the tired legs of a dying empire, the U.S.' enemies-of-its-own-making are beginning to forge new alliances that might not have been a reality had the U.S. at the very least pursued a strategy of positive reinforcement and cooperation as opposed to a policy of tension, pillage, and war. 
The first major crack in the iron curtain of the Anglo-American world hegemon started becoming apparent with the emergence of the U.S. destabilization and proxy war against Syria. While the NATO/American proxy war has left hundreds of thousands of Syrians dead, hundreds of thousands more displaced, and destroyed much of the Syrian infrastructure as well as crippled the Syrian economy, another result of American policy in Syria is that it has strengthened and even created alliances that otherwise may not have existed not only between Middle Eastern countries but European, Asian, and African nations as well. 
Unfortunately for the United States, these new alliances of its targers were created out of a political, economic, and military necessity by which to survive the Western onslaught of destabilization, sanctions, and war aimed at these respective nations. Thus, if the West wanted to break resistance to its hegemonic system, it has managed instead to encourage the opposite. 
While already an axis of mutual interest, the crisis in Syria has resulted in the strengthening of ties between Syria, Iran, and Hezbollah. Not only a strategic alliance, this arc of resistance has solidified ties that are slowly pulling Iraq away from the influence of the United States. Indeed, the Iraqis are still tethered to the United States due largely to bribery, deception, economic threats, and the decreasing dependency on the United States for military assistance to combat ISIS. 
Syria itself is spreading its wings as it mops up America's terrorists. Reaching out to not only the nations of the resistance axis and Russia, it is reaching out and solidifying relationships with Russia and China as well as with other European and African nations like the Czech Republic and Egypt. 
Likewise, if the ties between Iran and the Houthis were not strong enough before the U.S.-backed, Saudi-led coalition, they certainly are now. Despite no credible evidence that Iran is providing weapons to the Houthis, there is little doubt that the Iranians are providing whatever support they can in whatever form that can take and that they will do so in the future. 
Russia, of course, factors in as the biggest and most important player in the strategic realignment with its insistence (which has come as a result of the U.S. aggression across the planet) in the emergence of a 'multi-polar' world. Russia's reunification with Crimea, support of the Ukrainian rebels, as well as its support of Syria is only the tip of the iceberg. A growing cooperation with China and with a host of other nations throughout the world 'ì by virtue of the carrot as opposed to the stick 'ì is rapidly drawing more and more nations into the Russian fold. 
Iran, too, having not expressed a desire for empire nonetheless is now beginning to express interest in stretching its muscles and expanding its own influence. How much of this newly expressed desire is innate and how much is simply a necessary act of self-defense against and encroaching war machine that sees Iran as next in line for destruction is unclear. The fact that it is happening, however, is not in doubt. 
These new alliances may not have ever taken shape and solidified had the United States not insisted on acting as the battering ram for the Anglo-American system across the world and squandered all the respect and good will that existed for it in so many nations. The U.S. could easily have won many nations over by using positive reinforcement and enticement such as development, higher living standards, and peace. Instead, it has bombed, burned, bribed, and destabilized itself across the globe to the point that it has become the number one threat to world peace, a reality that is being acknowledged by more and more countries by the day. 
What could have been the greatest force for peace, stability, democracy, and high living standards has been utterly squandered into being the greatest force for the opposite. If the United States continues down this path of imperialism, it will soon find itself not only hated the world over, but collapsed, weak, and bitter while the nations it has targeted in the final days of its war push have united against it. We can only hope that they have more restraint, good will, and compassion than what the U.S. has shown to them.  
ARTICLE

Texas County Enacts "Emergency Paper Ballots" After "Software Glitch" In Voting Machines   Source: Zero Hedge 
Just yesterday we noted several social media complaints from Texas voters who alleged that when they voted a straight republican ticket that voting machines were switching their presidential selection to Clinton/Kaine. While most undoubtedly dismissed these reports as conspiracy theories, new official reports from Chambers County, Texas suggest that there might be some truth to the voting machine "irregularities". According to an NBC affiliate , polling stations in Chambers County had to enact emergency protocols yesterday and revert back to paper ballotsafter a "glitch" was discovered in the county's voting machines. 
The issue was actually discovered on Monday morning when Chambers County Clerk Heather Hawthorne was casting her own ballot and the voter next to her noticed that one of her votes was not filled in when she reviewed her electronic ballot Hawthorne told 12News on Tuesday. 

An error in the voting machine programming by Election Systems & Software (ES&S) caused votes for one statewide court of appeals race not to be entered when a voter tried to vote straight ticket in either party according to a release from Chambers County. 

ES&S is the vendor that Chambers County contracts with to program their voting machines. 

The Texas Secretary of State's office informed Hawthorne to create emergency paper ballots to continue voting until the problem could be fixed according to the release. 
Below is the official press release from the Chambers County Clerk: 

Of course, these confirmed reports from Chambers County seem eerily similar to problems reported yesterday on social media from people who also experienced problems when voting a "straight republican ticket." 

The following report also surfaced in Arlington, Texas from a person who voted a straight republican ticket only to find just before submitting her ballot that her presidential choice had been switched to Clinton/Kaine . After reporting the error to polling officials, the voter was told that these errors "had been happening." 

This Reddit user also noted multiple reports of voting errors across the state of Texas. 

Of course, the real question is how many people submitted erroneous ballots before this "glitch" was caught and how many other "software glitches" exist in other counties around the country that will never be caught?  
ARTICLE

As Calais "Jungle" Burns, Refugees Try To Storm Their Way Back In   Source: Zero Hedge 
It has been a harsh week for the 8,000 refugees inhabiting the Calais "Jungle" camp. 
Continuing an operation which began on Monday, workers ramped up demolition of France's notorious Calais "Jungle" on Wednesday after fierce blazes cut through a swathe of the camp overnight, sending migrants fleeing for safety. Fabienne Buccio, the prefect of Pas-de-Calais, said it was "mission accomplished" for the demolition. 
However his assessment may have been premature as charities said many unaccompanied minors had not been processed and BBC reporters at the camp said groups of adults remained. 
Wearing hardhats and orange overalls in the morning fog, a team of around 15 workers resumed tearing down tents and makeshift shelters at the camp that has become a symbol of Europe's migrant crisis. 
As recounted by AFP reporters, a new fire threw black smoke into the sky as several dozen wood shacks smouldered on a main thoroughfare of the sprawling slum. "Someone burned our tents. Maybe they used petrol or something, I don't know, but the fires spread fast. We had to run out in the middle of the night," said Arman Khan, a 17-year-old Afghan. "I left all my things behind, I have nothing now." 
Riot police had cordoned off the demolition area while aid workers and government officials checked that the dwellings were empty. Others carted away the debris and abandoned belongings - mattresses, multi-coloured blankets, supermarket trollies and so on - in small earth-movers. Gas canisters, sinks, refrigerators and other metal objects lay scattered across the desolate scene. 
The fires spread just hours after workers moved in Tuesday to clear the squalid camp that has been home to an estimated 6,000-8,000 migrants, many with hopes of reaching Britain. 
A local official played down the blazes, telling AFP: "It's a tradition among communities who set fire to their homes before leaving." Located next to the port of Calais, the Jungle has for years been a launchpad for migrants attempting to make it to Britain by sneaking onto trucks or jumping onto trains heading across the Channel. 
Since Monday, 3,242 adults have been transferred to centres around France and 772 unaccompanied minors have been moved to shipping containers converted into temporary shelters in the Jungle, the interior ministry said. The numbers represent around half the camp's estimated population before the operation began, according to official figures. 
The authorities have said those who agree to be moved can seek asylum in France. Those who refuse risk deportation. The fate of more than 1,000 unaccompanied minors is of particular concern. 
Meanwhile, French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said Tuesday that all those "with proven family links in Britain" would eventually be transferred and that London had committed to reviewing all other cases where it was "in the child's interest" to settle across the Channel. 
* * * 
However, not all are seeking to rush back. Many inhabitants of the camp attempted to break through the police line and storm back into the camp, which is being demolished by the authorities, according to RT's reporter on the ground. Inhabitants break through police line to storm back into #Calais camp. pic.twitter.com/fb1aQSVh99 
'î Harry Fear (@harryfear) October 26, 2016 
Sky News also said that migrants were returning to the 'Jungle.' Migrants are returning to the 'Jungle' camp in Calais following fires during demolition at the site 
'î Sky News Newsdesk (@SkyNewsBreak) October 26, 2016 
A migrant child, who was among those returning to the camp, waved a cricket bat and shouted: 'Jungle is not dead! Jungle is not dead!' according to the British Express newspaper. 'It's chaos with these ongoing fires and plumes of smoke [across the camp],' Harry Fear reported from the scene. 
'The police line was broken by migrants wanting to enter back in,' he said, adding that it appears new fires have been set across the camp. 
According to the RT correspondent, the operation to clear Calais looks much like a failure, despite claims of its complete success by the French authorities. He said that fire brigades on site have been working 'quite slowly' to put out the fires. The RT crew also noticed 'uncontrolled gas canisters [at the camp's territory], which haven't yet been secured by the authorities,' Fear added. 
According to an unnamed regional official, the authorities will be able to shut down the processing center, which is dispersing migrants to different locations in France until the end of the day. Fires keep burning in many locations around the camp as some migrants set fire to the camp in response to government actions. 
'î Jonathan RT France (@Jonathan_RTfr) October 26, 2016 
The demolition of tents and wooden structures, which the residents had used as shelter, started at the site on Tuesday. Violent clashes between the police and the inhabitants were reported, with tear gas deployed by officers. The camp was set ablaze last night by refugees displeased with the demolition. The flames caused several explosions of portable gas, with four migrants arrested over the incident. Cette partie de la #Jungle a √©t√© ras√©e au tractopelle #Calais pic.twitter.com/somJBNNkKy 
'î Jonathan RT France (@Jonathan_RTfr) October 26, 2016 
Thousands of hopeful migrants, many of whom are now homeless, are looking to cross the English Channel to find asylum in the UK have been holed up at the camp for months. Britain, however, only agreed to take in around 1,000 migrant children from the camp who have relatives in the UK. 
On Wednesday, almost 40 councils in England refused to accept any of the child refugees evacuated from the camp. 
Meanwhile, with the UN warning that the recent attack on Mosul may unleash up to another million refugees in the coming weeks, Europe's migrant crisis is about to get even worse.  
ARTICLE

Trending Articles: Trending Articles: The Smoking Gun: Cheryl Mills Tells Podesta "We Need To Clean This Up - Obama Has Emails From Her" Published: October 26, 2016 Source: Zero Hedge 
Recall that in a March 2015 interview with CBS, just after the NYT reported of Hillary's use of a private email server, president Obama told the American public he had only learned about Hillary's "unusual" arrangement from the press. 
As we further reminded readers one month ago, CBS News senior White House correspondent Bill Plante asked Mr. Obama when he learned about her private email system after his Saturday appearance in Selma, Alabama. " The same time everybody else learned it through news reports ," the president told Plante. " The policy of my administration is to encourage transparency, which is why my emails, the BlackBerry I carry around, all those records are available and archived ," Mr. Obama said. "I'm glad that Hillary's instructed that those emails about official business need to be disclosed." 
Unfortunately, the "transparency" of the Obama administration was severely tarnished in late September , when in the FBI's interview notes with Huma Abedin released by the FBI it was first revealed that Obama had used a pseudonymous email account: "Once informed that the sender's name is believed to be pseudonym used by the president, Abedin exclaimed: 'How is this not classified?'" the report says. "Abedin then expressed her amazement at the president's use of a pseudonym and asked if she could have a copy of the email." 
To be sure, this was not definitive evidence that Obama was aware of Hillary's email server, nor that there may have been collusion between the president and the Clinton campaign. 
That changed today, however, when in the latest Podesta dump we learn that in an email from Cheryl Mills to John Podesta , the Clinton aide upon learning what Obama had just said... I have some questions here pic.twitter.com/ufkeoZCx2m 
'î Katherine Miller (@katherinemiller) March 7, 2015 
... countered with something quite stunning: 
we need to clean this up - he has emails from her - they do not say state.gov 
That, ladies and gentlemen, is proof that the president not only lied, but did so with the clear intention of protecting the Clinton campaign. 
As a further reminder, Politico previously reported that the State Department had refused to make public that and other emails Clinton exchanged with Obama. Lawyers cited the "presidential communications privilege," a variation of executive privilege, in order to withhold the messages under the Freedom of Information Act. It is therefore unknown what the president's "alternative" email account was, or who hosted it. 
This also explains why in a prior Wikileak, Podesta told Mills in an email titled "Special Category" that she thinks " we should hold emails to and from potus? That's the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I(t) seems like they will. " Mills did not respond by email. 
The Clinton-Obama emails were turned over to the State Department, which later announced it would not release them. 
* * * 
So just how did Mills and Podesta "clean up" the fact that Obama lied to the American people, a tactic some could allege is evidence of an attempt to cover up a presidential lie to protect Hillary Clinton. 
What we do know, and we assume this is completely unrelated, between March 25-31, just a couple of weeks after Mills said "we need to clean this up," Bleachbit was used to wipe Hillary's private server clean. But of course, that is purely a coincidence. 
Since we are confident others will also demand an answer, in light of the latest revelation hinting at a collusive cover up extending to the very top of US government, or as Cheryl Mills dubbed it a "clean up", perhaps it is time for the State Depratment to unveil just what was said between the president and the Clinton campaign? Share This Article...
ARTICLE

YouTube bans 'Clinton's black son'   Source: wnd 
Danney Williams and Bill Clinton 
NEW YORK 'ìYouTube on Wednesday suspended the account of Danney Williams, the 30-year-old man who has claimed since the 1990s to be the black son of former President Bill Clinton. 
YouTube, citing 'repeated or severe violations of our Terms of Use and/or Community Guidelines,' declared the account 'cannot be restored.' 
The YouTube decision blocked the nine-minute feature 'BANISHED 'ì The Untold Story of Danney Williams,' which had received 1.2 million views since Williams posted it last week. Produced by filmmaker Joel Gilbert, it drew nearly 100,000 views per day and more than 1,000 viewer comments, with the overwhelming majority expressing support for Williams and outrage at the Clintons for not being willing to allow a DNA test to determine paternity. 
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump's call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton! 
'My YouTube account has been deleted, but the same video appears in 50 other places on YouTube alone,' Williams said on his Facebook page after being notified of YouTube's decision. '[YouTube] can't handle the truth! Please share #BillClintonSon.' 
Twitter also continues to allow Williams to post the 'Banished' video on Danney Williams' page , but the Twitter link to YouTube displays the message : 'This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated. Sorry about that.' 
The video is still running on Danney Williams-Clinton's Facebook page , as well as on the YouTube channel operated by Gilbert. 
Attempt to silence Danney Williams? 
Gilbert told WND he helped Williams file an online appeal form on YouTube asking why the account was suspended and demanding it be immediately reinstated. 
'The behavior of YouTube/Google in suspending Danney's account is outrageous! There have been absolutely zero violations of any kind let alone a severe one of any YouTube terms or guidelines,' Gilbert said. 
HILL AND BILL EXPOSED AS 'PARTNERS IN CRIME''ì $4.95 TODAY ONLY! $21 discount on No. 1 New York Times bestselling author's brand-new election blockbuster. 
Gilbert was outspoken in charging YouTube with partisan political motives for the suspension. 
'The only possible explanation is that the Clinton campaign requested YouTube/Google to silence Danney, 'to run him off the plantation' as Danney said Hillary Clinton did to him and his aunt when he was a small child and they were chased off the grounds of the Arkansas governor's mansion in 1990,' Gilbert said. 
'Danney cannot be silenced any longer,' he continued. 'Hillary may try to sweep Danney Williams under the rug, but it's not going to work this time. His story is out there, and every day more and more people understand Bill and Hillary Clinton banished this young man from their family because of the color of his skin.' 
See the Danney Williams video feature: 
WND reported Oct. 19 that in the hours before the third and final presidential debate, attorneys for Williams were in Las Vegas to announce their intention to file a paternity suit demanding DNA evidence from the former president. 
Accompanying the dramatic announcement was a rap music video celebrating Williams that went viral on the Internet. 
The mask is off! Get October's stunning pre-election Whistleblower issue, 'HILLARY'S ULTIMATE WEAPON: America's biased and abusive news media finally abandon all pretense of fairness' 
No definitive DNA test 
WND reported that no DNA test was conducted in 1999, despite media reports to the contrary when Williams' claim first surfaced. 
Clinton defenders since 1999 have contended the tabloid Star Magazine conducted a 'DNA showdown' proving Bill Clinton was not Williams' father, citing Star Magazine editor Phil Bunton saying at the time, 'There was no match, nothing even close.' 
But in an interview, Bunton told WND that no blood sample was obtained from Clinton and Star Magazine never published a story documenting a laboratory test. 
'I don't remember ever seeing any laboratory test that was done on Clinton's DNA,' Bunton told WND. 
Bunton is now the owner of the Rivertown Magazine in Haverstraw, New York. 
He affirmed to WND that the tabloid relied on the DNA evidence for Clinton published by independent counsel Kenneth Starr, extracted from the infamous Monica Lewinsky blue dress. 
'We got a lot of phone calls from several people in the media, including the New York Times, wanting to know when we were going to get the DNA back,' Bunton recalled to WND. 'We thought it was going to turn out to be his son, but when the DNA came back there was no story there even to write.' 
The DNA test released by Kenneth Starr was the second of two DNA laboratory tests the FBI had run on Clinton, but the public record leaves no doubt that Starr withheld the more robust test conducted by the FBI. 
'Twitter rules' 
Many other figures who have challenged the Democratic Party or the left-leaning media narrative also have run into trouble with social media outlets, including James O'Keefe and his Project Veritas, which has exposed Clinton campaign voter fraud and agitation in a series of hidden-camera videos. Just as O'Keefe was preparing to release new revelations of voter fraud Oct. 13, Twitter shut down his account , claiming violations of 'Twitter Rules.' The notice said he 'must delete the tweets that are in violation of our rules, which prohibit: harassing other users, threatening other users, disclosing other users' private information' or violating 'other rules.' In a statement, O'Keefe said he relies on social media to 'bypass the media and directly reach the public.' On Monday, O'Keefe wrote in a tweet Project Veritas was unable to upload its third video in the series to YouTube, calling the apparent block 'bizarre.' Earlier this month, O'Keefe was forced to delete a tweet critical of a Hillary Clinton staffer to regain use of his account after it was suspended for a day. His account was suspended in the hours before a release of a new hidden-camera video that exposed a Clinton ally saying she could use executive action on guns, the Daily Caller reported . Project Veritas posted an undercover video Oct. 17 proving Hillary Clinton supporters were inciting violence at Donald Trump rallies to gain negative media coverage. Millions of viewers watched the video in just a few hours, but it didn't show up on Google's 'trending' list on YouTube, which Google owns, noted SilenceisConsent.net . It did, however, trend on Twitter, which Google does not own. Breitbart blogger Milo Yiannopoulos was suspended permanently by Twitter minutes before his 'Gays for Trump' party at the Republican National Convention. For some 11 months, the makers of the new movie 'I'm Not Ashamed,' about the first victim of the Columbine killers in Colorado in 1999, were unable to promote their movie through YouTube. The trailer was taken down late in 2015, and the movie's entire channel was suspended . 
Among the conservatives censored by Facebook : Conservative activist and Trump supporter Lauren Southern received a 30-day ban from Facebook because she complained about a friend's account being censored. Facebook locked a 12-year-old black middle schooler's account for posting a video supporting Rudy Giuliani's comment that Obama 'doesn't love America.' The admin of a pro-Trump group was banned for saying Trump is not anti-Muslim, but anti-ISIS. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Prepare For The Pirates: Direct Democracy Driven Political Party May Gain Power In Iceland   
We are not here to gain power, we are here to distribute power. 

'ì√Åsta Guthr√∫n Helgad√≥ttir Pirate member of Iceland's Parliament 
While there are all sorts of populist political movements gaining traction across the West, the only one I find genuinely revolutionary and distinctly interesting and productive is Iceland's Pirate Party. 
I've covered the upstart party in the past, most recently earlier this year in the post, 'The Pirates Are Coming''ì Iceland's Pirate Party Polls at 43% Following the PM's Resignation . Now, with the Icelandic election just days away (October 29th), the party is back in the news due to an expected strong performance. 
REYKJAVIK, ICELAND 'î The party that could be on the cusp of winning Iceland's national elections on Saturday didn't exist four years ago. 

Its members are a collection of anarchists, hackers, libertarians and Web geeks. It sets policy through online polls 'î and thinks the government should do the same. It wants to make Iceland 'a Switzerland of bits,' free of digital snooping. It has offered Edward Snowden a new place to call home. 

And then there's the name: In this land of Vikings, the Pirate Party may soon be king. 

To J√≥nsd√≥ttir and other Pirate true believers 'î who define their party as neither left nor right, but a radical movement that combines the best of both 'î the election here could also be the start of the reboot that Western democracy so desperately needs. 

'People want real changes and they understand that we have to change the systems, we have to modernize how we make laws,' said J√≥nsd√≥ttir, whose jet-black hair and matching nail polish cut a distinctive profile in a country where politics has long been dominated by paunchy blond men. 

The sticker affixed to the back of her chrome-finish laptop stands out, too: an imitation seal of the U.S. government, the familiar arrow-bearing eagle encircled by the words 'National Security Agency Monitored Device.' At the Pirates' tech-start-up-esque office in an industrial area of Reykjavik's seafront, a Guy Fawkes mask hangs from the wall and a skull-and-crossbones flag peeks out from a ceramic vase. 

The Pirates have spelled out their positions on issues from fishing quotas to online pornography to Snowden. (Party leaders offered him Icelandic citizenship if he can find a way to get here.) But on some of the biggest questions facing the country, the official party position is to punt to the voters. 

To party devotees, that's fine. The Pirates, they say, are less about any specific ideology than they are about a belief that the West's creaking political systems can be hacked to give citizens a greater say in their democracy. 

'We are not here to gain power,' said √Åsta Guthr√∫n Helgad√≥ttir, a 26-year-old Pirate member of Parliament. 'We are here to distribute power.' 
Like everything else, the Pirate Party cannot be seen in a vacuum. A total implosion of the Icelandic economy was necessary to clear the path. 
Iceland's political status quo'îa Nordic-style parliamentary democracy, dominated for decades by pro-NATO conservatives'îwas shattered when the country went bust in the 2008 financial crisis, pitching Iceland into its deepest crisis since full independence and the republic were declared in 1944. This year, Iceland was rocked again when the Panama Papers leak exposed corruption among top politicos, including the prime minister, who resigned under fire. 'People here are angry and frustrated,' says Karl Bl√∂ndal, deputy editor of the center-right Morgunbladid. 'In the minds of many voters, the Pirates are the only untainted party, and with them Birgitta carries authority. She's been the face of the opposition since the crash.' 

Iceland's Pirates, though they currently hold only three spots in the 64-seat parliament, are among the highest-profile of Europe's Pirate parties. The anarchic hacker-led movement, global in scope, focuses on privacy rights and freedom of expression in the digital age. Born a decade ago in Sweden, and since turbo-charged by WikiLeaks' and Edward Snowden's disclosures about NSA surveillance, the Pirates have dozens of chapters worldwide, from Australia to Canada, and a headquarters in Geneva. Iceland's Pirates were the first in the world voted into a national legislature. 

Indeed, J√≥nsd√≥ttir and Iceland's Pirates see themselves as part of something greater than the direct-democracy uprising they're leading in the chill North Atlantic. They understand Iceland as the 'test grounds for radical progressive changes,' and they stand for an international legalization of WikiLeaks, asylum for Edward Snowden, and legalizing drugs across Europe. They say they'll turn diminutive Iceland (a country so small its citizens are listed in the phone book by first names) into an international digital safe haven where data, such as whistle-blower revelations, can be securely transmitted and stored. 

In contrast to Europe and the United States, however, Iceland refused to rescue the banks with taxpayer money; instead, the failed banks were renationalized. Iceland chose instead to protect its citizens, first by imposing capital controls so that money couldn't leave the country and, second, by expanding the social safety net. 'Iceland did the right thing'¶creditors, not the taxpayers, shouldered the losses of banks,' said economist and Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz in 2011. The bankers were eventually sent to jail: 26 financiers received sentences totaling 74 years. 
The possibilities are endless once you start jailing bankers. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

College threatens police response for students wearing 'offensive' costumes   Source: Fox News 
Tufts University has sent out a letter that is sure to spook Greek life students ahead of Halloween weekend. 
Students involved in fraternities and sororities at the Massachusetts school are being told to not wear anything that could offend others during Halloween celebrations 'ì or risk getting investigated by campus police and being slapped with 'serious disciplinary sanctions.' 
The order came in a note written by the leaders of the four Greek life councils on campus. It contained few specifics. 
'The costumes that people choose to wear have an effect on everyone around them whether they realize it or not,' the letter says . 
It goes on to state that 'outfits relating to tragedy, controversy, or acts of violence are also inappropriate. We need to set a precedent that people's customs cannot and will not be our costumes.' 
Tufts was far from the only university calling out costumes it deemed offensive. The University of Florida offered counseling for students "troubled" by incidents involving Halloween costumes. And the University of Wisconsin-Platteville's Bias Incident Team last year claimed some students' "Three Blind Mice" costumes mocked the disabled .
ARTICLE

Tens of thousands march for, against Venezuela government   
Tens of thousands of pro and anti-government protesters have gathered on the streets of Venezuela's capital Caracas. 
During Wednesday's mass rallies, in which over 20 people were injured and 39 were detained, the opponents accused President Nicolas Maduro of violating the constitutional order and blocking a recall referendum aimed at removing him from power. 
They also called for his immediate resignation. 
'This is a way of pressuring Maduro so he understands that he has to go," said one protester. "Being passive is no use anymore. We have to apply more pressure," another one added. 
Meanwhile, large numbers of pro-government protesters gathered near the Miraflores presidential palace in a show of support for Maduro. 
As the protests were being held, the president engaged in crisis security talks in reaction to the demonstrators' demands. In a televised speech after the talks, he called for "political dialogue and peace in Venezuela." 
Maduro is adamant about Washington's role in his country's political and economic woes, and has accused the opposition of conspiring with the US against the South American country. 
"They are desperate, they have received the order from the north to destroy the Venezuelan revolution," he added. 
On Tuesday, Maduro accused the opposition of attempting a 'parliamentary coup' by voting to launch an impeachment process against him. 
'There has never been a parliamentary coup in Venezuela, and we shall not allow anything like this to happen, the right-wing here and there should know this,' Maduro said during a massive rally by his supporters outside the presidential palace. 
The opposition-controlled National Assembly agreed to initiate the impeachment process against Maduro earlier on Tuesday in reaction to blocking a bid to recall him last week. 
The political standoff in Venezuela has worsened since the October 20 suspension of the opposition push to hold a referendum to try to recall Maduro. Back then, four state courts said the signature-gathering process for the referendum had been 'fraudulent,' effectively blocking it. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Chilling images capture destruction as two earthquakes hit Italy (PHOTOS, VIDEOS)   People walk past a destroyed building in the village of Visso, central Italy, after earthquakes on October 26, 2016. ¬© Tiziana Fabi / AFP With two earthquakes hitting central Italy on Wednesday, social media users were quick to capture the devastation on camera. 
The second Italy earthquake has been rated 6.0 by the USGS. Virtually the same spot as the foreshock, which remains a 5.5. 'î Sean Breslin (@Sean_Breslin) October 26, 2016 
The tremors were strong enough to be felt in Rome, which is over 150 km away and residents reported their homes shaking. 
'Our village does not exist anymore,' the mayor of Ussita reportedly said. +++ "Our village does not exist anymore after latest #earthquake ", Mayor of Ussita (Marche) to ANSA +++ #Terremoto #Italy 'î Antonello Guerrera (@antoguerrera) October 26, 2016 Sounds unbelievable, but luckily so far NO ONE KILLED after the latest strong #earthquake in Italy. A few slightly injured #Terremoto 'î Antonello Guerrera (@antoguerrera) October 26, 2016 
Some buildings reportedly collapsed in the area struck by the quakes. However, the damage is believed to be much less than in August, when a major earthquake hit Marche, Lazio and Umbria regions. 
Hundreds of people were killed in the August 24 quake and several towns were razed to the ground in the worst-affected areas. Second more violent #earthquake hits same region in #Italy . 5.9 magnitude in #Ussita . Mayor says city in panic @inewsmalta #Terremoto pic.twitter.com/dIlW1fc5j7 'î Jake Azzopardi (@JakeaAzzopardi) October 26, 2016 
Several people were reportedly injured in Wednesday's tremors, officials in the town of Visso said, and several older buildings 'ì including a church 'ì have collapsed. Some areas have lost power, and several roads remain closed. 'î Russian Market (@russian_market) October 26, 2016 
In Castelsantangelo sul Nera, which has around 300 residents, the town's mayor Mauro Falucci confirmed that there was no electricity.
ARTICLE

Trending Articles: Trending Articles: Clinton Campaign Chair Had Dinner With Top DOJ Official One Day After Hillary's Benghazi Hearing   Zero Hedge 
In the latest revelation sure to reignite accusations of collusion between the Clinton campaign and the DOJ, among the recent batch of hacked emails released by Wikileaks, we learn that the day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, John Podesta, Hillary's campaign chairman met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik , who is currently a top official at the US Justice Department serving as Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs. 
Peter Kadzik, with lobbyist Tony Podesta, brother of John Podesta . 
The post-Benghazi dinner was attended by Podesta, Kadzik, superlobbyist Vincent Roberti and other well-placed Beltway fixtures. The first mention of personal contact between Podesta and Kadzik in the Wikileaks dump is in an Oct. 23, 2015 email sent out by Vincent Roberti, a lobbyist who is close to Podesta and his superlobbyist brother, Tony Podesta. In it, Roberti refers to a dinner reservation at Posto, a Washington D.C. restaurant. The dinner was set for 7:30 that evening, just one day after Clinton gave 11 hours of testimony to the Benghazi Committee . 
Podesta and Kadzik met several months later for dinner at Podesta's home, another email shows . Another email sent on May 5, 2015 , Kadzik's son asked Podesta for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
As the Daily Caller notes , the dinner arrangement "is just the latest example of an apparent conflict of interest between the Clinton campaign and the federal agency charged with investigating the former secretary of state's email practices." As one former U.S. Attorney tells told the DC, the exchanges are another example of the Clinton campaign's 'cozy relationship' with the Obama Justice Department. 
The hacked emails confirm that Podesta and Kadzik were in frequent contact. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta's birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik's son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
'The political appointees in the Obama administration, especially in the Department of Justice, appear to be very partisan in nature and I don't think had clean hands when it comes to the investigation of the private email server,' says Matthew Whitaker, the executive director of the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust, a government watchdog group. 
' It's the kind of thing the American people are frustrated about is that the politically powerful have insider access and have these kind of relationships that ultimately appear to always break to the benefit of Hillary Clinton ,' he added, comparing the Podesta-Kadzik meetings to the revelation that Attorney General Loretta Lynch met in private with Bill Clinton at the airport in Phoenix days before the FBI and DOJ investigating Hillary Clinton. 
Kadzik's role at the DOJ, where he started in 2013, is particularly notable Kadzik, as helped spearhead the effort to nominate Lynch, who was heavily criticized for her secret meeting with the former president. 
A Long, Friendly History 
Podesta and Kadzik have a long history, one which has surprisingly gone mostly unnoticed during the ongoing Clinton email scandal. As DC helps summarize, Kadzik represented Podesta during the Monica Lewinsky investigation. And in the waning days of the Bill Clinton administration, Kadzik lobbied Podesta on behalf of Marc Rich, the fugitive who Bill Clinton controversially pardoned on his last day in office. 
That history is cited by Podesta in another email hacked from his Gmail account. In a Sept. 2008 email , which the Washington Free Beacon flagged last week, Podesta emailed an Obama campaign official to recommend Kadzik for a supportive role in the campaign. Podesta, who would later head up the Obama White House transition effort, wrote that Kadzik was a 'fantastic lawyer' who ' kept me out of jail.' 
As the DC Chuck Ross notes, it is unclear to which case Podesta was referring and whether he was joking about prison. But Podesta was caught in a sticky situation in both the Lewinsky affair and the Rich pardon scandal. As deputy chief of staff to Clinton in 1996, Podesta asked then-United Nations ambassador Bill Richardson to hire the 23-year-old Lewinsky . In April 1996, the White House transferred Lewinsky from her job as a White House intern to the Pentagon in order to keep her and Bill Clinton separate. But the Clinton team also wanted to keep Lewinsky happy so that she would not spill the beans about her sexual relationship with Clinton. 
Richardson later recounted in his autobiography that he offered Lewinsky the position but that she declined it. 
Podesta made false statements to a grand jury impaneled by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr for the investigation. But he defended the falsehoods, saying later that he was merely relaying false information from Clinton that he did not know was inaccurate at the time. 'He did lie to me,' Podesta said about Clinton in a National Public Radio interview in 1998. Clinton was acquitted by the Senate in Feb. 1999 of perjury and obstruction of justice charges related to the Lewinsky probe. Kadzik, then a lawyer with the firm Dickstein Shapiro Morin & Oshinsky, represented Podesta through the fiasco. 
Podesta had been promoted to Clinton's chief of staff when he and Kadzik became embroiled in another scandal. 
Kadzik was then representing Marc Rich, a billionaire financier who was wanted by the U.S. government for evading a $48 million tax bill. The fugitive, who was also implicated in illegal trading activity with nations that sponsored terrorism, had been living in Switzerland for 17 years when he sought the pardon. To help Rich, Kadzik lobbied Podesta heavily in the weeks before Clinton left office on Jan. 20, 2001. A House Oversight Committee report released in May 2002 stated that 'Kadzik was recruited into Marc Rich's lobbying campaign because he was a long-time friend of White House Chief of Staff John Podesta.' 
The report noted that Kadzik contacted Podesta at least seven times regarding Rich's pardon. 
On top of the all-hands-on-deck lobbying effort, Rich's ex-wife, Denise Rich, had doled out more than $1 million to the Clintons and other Democrats prior to the pardon. She gave $100,000 to Hillary Clinton's New York Senate campaign and another $450,000 to the Clinton presidential library. 
Kadzik's current role 
In his current role as head of the Office of Legislative Affairs, Kadzik handles inquiries from Congress on a variety of issues. In that role he was not in the direct chain of command on the Clinton investigation. The Justice Department and FBI have insisted that career investigators oversaw the investigation, which concluded in July with no charges filed against Clinton. 
But Kadzik worked on other Clinton email issues in his dealings with Congress. Last November, he denied a request from Republican lawmakers to appoint a special counsel to lead the investigation . 
In a Feb. 1, 2016 letter in response to Kadzik, Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis noted that Kadzik had explained 'that special counsel may be appointed at the discretion of the Attorney General when an investigation or prosecution by the Department of Justice would create a potential conflict of interest.' 
DeSantis, a Republican, suggested that Lynch's appointment by Bill Clinton in 1999 as U.S. Attorney in New York may be considered a conflict of interest. He also asserted that Obama's political appointees 'î a list which includes Kadzik 'î 'are being asked to impartially execute their respective duties as Department of Justice officials that may involve an investigation into the activities of the forerunner for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States. ' 
It is unknown if Kadzik responded to DeSantis' questions. 
Kadzik's first involvement in the Clinton email brouhaha came in a Sept. 24, 2015 response letter to Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Chuck Grassley in which he declined to confirm or deny whether the DOJ was investigating Clinton. Last month, Politico reported that Kadzik angered Republican lawmakers when, in a classified briefing, he declined to say whether Clinton aides who received DOJ immunity were required to cooperate with congressional probes. 
Kadzik also testified at a House Oversight Committee hearing last month on the issue of classifications and redactions in the FBI's files of the Clinton email investigation. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Leaked Memo Exposes Shady Dealings Between Clinton Foundation Donors And Bill's 'For-Profit' Activities   Zero Hedge 
We have written frequently in recent weeks about a feud that erupted between Chelsea Clinton and Doug Band back in 2011 after Chelsea raised concerns about potential conflicts of interest between Band's firm, Teneo, the Clinton Foundation and the State Department (see here , here, here and here ). The feud ultimately resulted in Band being forced to draft a memo spelling out, in vivid detail, the many entangled relationships between himself, Teneo, the Clinton Foundation and the State Department. Fortunately, today's Wikileaks dump included that memo which reveals, for the first time, the precise financial flows between the Clinton Foundation, Band's firm Teneo Consulting, and the Clinton family's private business endeavors. 
The memo starts with a brief background on Teneo, which was created in June 2011, shortly after Declan Kelly resigned from his position as "United States Economic Envoy to Northern Ireland," a position to which he was appointed by Secretary Clinton. 
In June 2009, DK Consulting was founded by Declan Kelley. Mr. Kelly served as COO of FTI Consulting until June 2009, when he stepped down and established DK Consulting. At that time, he also became the United States Economic Envoy to Northern Ireland . Pursuant to the terms of his exit agreement with FTI and consistent with the ethics agreement of his uncompensated special government employee appointment at the State Department, Mr. Kelly retained and continued to provide services to three paying clients ( Coke, Dow, and UBS ) and one pro bono client (Allstate) . In late 2009, Declan retained me as a consultant to DK Consulting to help support the needs of these clients. 

In May 2011, Mr. Kelly resigned his Envoy position at the State Department. In June 2011, Mr. Kelly and I founded Teneo Strategies ; simultaneously, Mr. Kelly closed DK Consulting and shifted its clients to Teneo. 

Throughout the past almost 11 years since President Clinton left office, I have sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo, to support and to raise funds for the Foundation . This memorandum strives to set forth how I have endeavored to support the Clinton Foundation and President Clinton personally. 
In a subsequent section of the memo entitled "Leveraging Teneo For The Foundation," Band spells all of the donations he solicited from Teneo "clients" for the Clinton Foundation. In all, there are roughly $14mm of donations listed with the largest contributors being Coca-Cola, Barclays, The Rockefeller Foundation and Laureate International Universities. 

The donations from Dow Chemical are particularly notable for several reasons. First, because of other emails revealed by WikiLeaks and other FOIA requests, we now know that Dow Chemical CEO, Andrew Liveris, was granted special access to then Secretary Clinton back in July 2009 at the same time he was embroiled in ongoing litigation with another Clinton Foundation donor, Kuwait, over a failed joint-venture that would have netted Dow $9BN in cash . As Band notes in his memo, 1 month after being granted special access to Secretary Clinton, Liveris invited President Clinton and Band out for a day of golf. Moreover, shortly after his meeting with Secretary Clinton and golf outing with President Clinton, Liveris decided to donate $500,000 to the Clinton Global Initiative ...very convenient timing for all involved. 
In August of 2009, Mr. Kelly invited Mr. Liveris to play golf with President Clinton and me. Mr. Kelly subsequently asked Dow to become a CGI sponsor at the $500,000 level, which they did , as well as making a $150,000 donation to the Foundation for President Clinton to attend a Dow dinner in Davos. 
The story gets even more bizarre when Band reveals in the following footnote that Liveris provided the Dow Chemical plane to fly President Clinton and his staff from New York to California and then California to North Korea for their golf outing . We would assume this is a simple typo by Band and/or he's just geographically challenged...if not, this certainly raises a whole other set of questions for Bill. 
Mr. Liveris provided the Dow plane to fly President Clinton and his staff to and from California for our trip to, and from, North Korea . As a private trip, the Foundation had to pay the costs of airfare; Mr. Liveris' in kind contribution saved the Foundation in excess of $100,000 . 
According to the Dialy Caller , Dow Chemical paid Teneo $2.8 million in 2011 and $16 million in 2012 for a variety of "consultancy services". Of course, Bill Clinton was an honorary chairman of Teneo and, as such, was set to be paid $3.5 million for that position even though he ultimately only kept $100,000 because of the scandals that erupted around the firm, including their advisory relationship with MF Global. 
Finally, Band also offers the following commentary on the "$50 million in for-profit activity" he was able to secure for Bill Clinton (as of November 2011) as well as the "$66 million in future contracts, should he choose to continue with those engagements." 
Independent of our fundraising and decision-making activities on behalf of the Foundation, we have dedicated ourselves to helping the President secure and engage in for-profit activities 'ì including speeches, books, and advisory service engagements . In that context, we have in effect served as agents, lawyers, managers and implementers to secure speaking, business and advisory service deals. In support of the President's for-profit activity, we also have solicited and obtained, as appropriate, in-kind services for the President and his family 'ì for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like. Neither Justin nor I are separately compensated for these activities (e.g., we do not receive a fee for, or percentage of, the more than $50 million in for-profit activity we have personally helped to secure for President Clinton to date or the $66 million in future contracts, should he choose to continue with those engagements). 

With respect to business deals for his advisory services, Justin and I found, developed and brought to President Clinton multiple arrangements for him to accept or reject. Of his current 4 arrangements, we secured all of them; and, we have helped manage and maintain all of his for-profit business relationships. Since 2001, President Clinton's business arrangements have yielded more than $30 million for him personally, with $66 million to be paid out over the next nine years should he choose to continue with the current engagements. 
A big part of those "for-profit" activities was a $3.5mm annual payment from Laureate... 
...and millions in speaking fees arranged by Band. 

Confused? Here is a simpler recap from the NYT's Nick Confessore: This Doug Band memo, in the latest Podesta dump, is the Rosetta stone of the Teneo-Clinton Foundation complex. https://t.co/a1g3nSoGPM 
'î Nick Halloween (@nickconfessore) October 26, 2016 Band's argument: I am not get fully compensated for all of the stuff I do for Clintonworld, so you should let me do Teneo. Everyone wins. 
'î Nick Halloween (@nickconfessore) October 26, 2016 Now, you could argue: So what? If Band gets his clients to pop over money to a charity, why is that bad? 
'î Nick Halloween (@nickconfessore) October 26, 2016 But consider that Band was selling his clients on idea that giving to foundation was, in essence, a way to bolster their influence. 
'î Nick Halloween (@nickconfessore) October 26, 2016 Clinton & Band built a platform for executives to bolster their companies' images, bathe in BC's praise, and do some good, while... 
'î Nick Halloween (@nickconfessore) October 26, 2016 ...Teneo extracted earnings for Band and, depending on what you see in these e-mails, Clinton himself. Teneo paid Clinton until late '11. 
'î Nick Halloween (@nickconfessore) October 26, 2016 I guess you can wave it all off as a nothingburger. But Chelsea Clinton and some of Clinton's other aides were clearly freaking out. 
'î Nick Halloween (@nickconfessore) October 26, 2016 Generally, the emails show Clinton's *own closest aides* troubled or horrified by things that her surrogates have spent years waving off. 
'î Nick Halloween (@nickconfessore) October 26, 2016 

With that, we look forward to Donna Brazile's explanation of how this is all just an attempt to "criminalize behavior that is normal."
ARTICLE

The Zika Virus Is Harmless - It Does Not Cause Birth Defects - We Told You So   Moon of Alabama 

After nearly a year of causing hysteria, mass travel cancellations and unnecessary abortions it finally daunts to "journalists" and "experts" that the Zika virus is harmless. It can cause a very minor flue - two days of a low fever and uncomfortable feeling for a quarter of those infected - that is all. It does not cause, as was claimed by sensationalists in the media and various self-serving "scientists", birth defects like microcephaly. 
We told you so. 
The piece refereed to a Congressional Research Service report and various sound scientific papers. It concluded: There is absolutely no sane reason for the scary headlines and the panic they cause. 
The virus is harmless. It is possible, but seems for now very unlikely, that it affects some unborn children. There is absolutely no reason to be concerned about it. 
The artificial media panic continued and huge amounts of money were poured into dangerous insecticides to kill mosquitoes (and important pollinators) that did not do any harm. Indeed, generous use of some of these insecticides likely were the very cause of a blip in microencephaly cases in northeastern Brazil. 
In March we wrote: Reading About Zika May Hurt Your Brain . 
We listed 35 "news" headlines about potential catastrophes related to a Zika epidemic. The common factor - all those headlines included the miraculous little word may . The pieces were pure speculations though some quoted this or that "expert" who was hunting for new research funds or lobbying for some pharmaceutical or pesticide conglomerate. 
In June we added: Zika Virus Does Not Cause Birth Defects - Fighting It Probably Does . 
New serious research found what some people in Brazil had suspected from the very start of the small and strictly locally limited jump in microencephaly cases in Brazil: [D]octors in the Zika affected areas in Brazil pointed out that the real cause of somewhat increased microcephaly in the region was probably the insecticide pyriproxyfen, used to kill mosquito larvae in drinking water: The Brazilian doctors noted that the areas of northeast Brazil that had witnessed the greatest number of microcephaly cases match with areas where pyriproxyfen is added to drinking water in an effort to combat Zika-carrying mosquitoes . Pyriproxyfen is reported to cause malformations in mosquito larvae, and has been added to drinking water in the region for the past 18 months. 
Pyriproxyfen is produced by a Sumitomo Chemical - an important Japanese poison giant. It was therefore unsurprising that the New York Times and others called the doctors report a "conspiracy theory" and trotted out some "experts" to debunk it....But [s]cientist at the New England Complex Systems Institute also researched the pyriproxyfen thesis. They found : Pyriproxifen is an analog of juvenile hormone, which corresponds in mammals to regulatory molecules including retinoic acid, a vitamin A metabolite, with which it has cross-reactivity and whose application during development causes microcephaly . ...[T]ests of pyriproxyfen by the manufacturer, Sumitomo, widely quoted as giving no evidence for developmental toxicity, actually found some evidence for such an effect , including low brain mass and arhinencephaly'îincomplete formation of the anterior cerebral hemispheres'îin rat pups. Finally, the pyriproxyfen use in Brazil is unprecedented'îit has never before been applied to a water supply on such a scale. ...Given this combination of information we strongly recommend that the use of pyriproxyfen in Brazil be suspended pending further investigation. 
Today the Washington Post finally admits that the Zika virus does not cause birth defects: [T]o the great bewilderment of scientists, the epidemic has not produced the wave of fetal deformities so widely feared when the images of misshapen infants first emerged from Brazil. 
Instead, Zika has left a puzzling and distinctly uneven pattern of damage across the Americas. According to the latest U.N. figures, of the 2,175 babies born in the past year with undersize heads or other congenital neurological damage linked to Zika, more than 75 percent have been clustered in a single region: northeastern Brazil. 
The localities where the flue virus occurred outside of a small area in Brazil saw no increase in birth defect numbers. The number of (naturally occurring) microcephality cases stayed constant despite a large increase in (harmless) Zika virus infections. The numbers in Brazil also turned out to be partially inflated because of a lack of standard diagnosis criteria and unreliable statistics. A factor we had pointed to in our very first piece. 
The WaPo piece today muses about several "possible" causes for the local increase in cases in northeastern Brazil that indeed happened. It quotes some of the very "experts", like from the pharmaceutical industry influenced CDC, that were wrong on the issue since the first panic headline. It strenuously avoids to even mention the most likely cause - the excessive local use of an insecticide that is supposed to cause birth defects - in developing mosquitoes. Thus the reporting is still void of journalistic ethics and irresponsible in its conclusions. 
It did not take much effort to get this right. An hour or two of skimming through publicly available sources of good standing, some basic higher education and sound reasoning was enough. But instead of doing such basic inquiries "journalists" and media "served" panic and speculations by biased "experts". Keep this story in mind for the next sensationalist onslaught of panic headline. There surely will be some "interests" behind those; just don't expect unbiased facts and basic logic reasoning. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Goldman Sachs Endorses Hillary Clinton For President   Shadowproof 
He's with her. On Sunday, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton earned the endorsement of Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein 'îan endorsement she had been working toward for years. 
As was revealed by Wikileaks, Hillary Clinton spent the run up to her presidential campaign giving speeches to Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, where she praised their talents and explained her positions on financial regulation. 
On October 24, 2013, Clinton told Goldman Sachs that Dodd-Frank had to be done mostly for 'political reasons' because Congress needed to look like it was doing something about the crisis. She said, 'There's nothing magic about regulations, too much is bad, too little is bad. How do you get to the golden key, how do we figure out what works? And the people that know the industry better than anybody are the people who work in the industry.' 
Yes, she essentially endorsed Wall Street writing the rules because Wall Street knows its business best and complained to Goldman Sachs that regulations had frightened bankers. 
'I mean, right now, there are so many places in our country where the banks are not doing what they need to do because they're scared of regulations, they're scared of the other shoe dropping, they're just plain scared, so credit is not flowing the way it needs to to restart economic growth,' Clinton said. 'So people are, you know, a little 'î they're still uncertain, and they're uncertain both because they don't know what might come next in terms of regulations, but they're also uncertain because of changes in a global economy that we're only beginning to take hold of.' 
Music to Wall Street's ears. For Goldman Sachs, was there really any other choice this cycle? After all, they did pay Hillary Clinton $675,000 for those three speeches, and have generously supported her political career. 
Despite her private comments to Goldman Sachs, Hillary Clinton has taken a tough public position on Wall Street during the campaign, likely due to Senator Bernie Sanders' success in the primaries. Of course, Wikileaks also revealed that Clinton told the National Multi-housing Council in a private speech that 'you need both a public and a private position.' 
So the real question is, what do Blankfein and Goldman want in return and what is Clinton's private position on giving it to them? Share This Article...
ARTICLE

AT&T requires police to hide Hemisphere phone spying   EFF 
AT&T built a powerful phone surveillance tool for police, called Hemisphere. Every day , AT&T adds four billion call records to Hemisphere, making it one of the largest known reservoirs of communications metadata that the government uses to spy on us. Law enforcement officials kept Hemisphere ' under the radar ' for many years'îhidden from courts, legislators, and the general public'îuntil the New York Times exposed the program in 2013. EFF sued federal and state law enforcement officials to obtain records about Hemisphere, in part to better understand how and why police kept such a massive spying database secret for so long. 
New documents published by The Daily Beast earlier this week reveal that AT&T required this corrosive secrecy. Specifically, the contract AT&T prepared for police seeking access to Hemisphere provides: 
[T]he Government agency agrees not to use the data as evidence in any judicial or administrative proceedings unless there is no other available and admissible probative evidence. The Government Agency shall make every effort to insure that information provided by the Contractor is non-attributable to AT&T if the data is provided to a third-party. 
In other words, the first rule of Hemisphere is: you do not talk about Hemisphere. We knew this is the government's rule. Now we know this is AT&T's rule, too. 
What do police do with the Hemisphere evidence that they cannot talk about? According to a Hemisphere training document , police must 'wall off' that evidence, and then recreate it with a traditional subpoena. Police call this ' parallel construction .' EFF calls it ' evidence laundering .' 
The harms of secrecy 
This secrecy'îimposed by AT&T'îis highly disturbing for many reasons. Three deserve emphasis. 
First, this secrecy hides Hemisphere from democratic oversight. Hemisphere enables police to map our intimate social relationships by data-mining massive amounts of our call records, usually without a warrant. Yet because of Hemisphere's secrecy, judges cannot rule on whether the program violates the Fourth Amendment. Legislators cannot oversee the program and enact appropriate legislation. Voters cannot hold their elected officials accountable. Everyone is in the dark, except for a small number of law enforcement and corporate executives, who unilaterally decided to impose this highly intrusive program on the rest of us. 
Second, this secrecy deprives criminal defendants of their constitutional right to a fair trial. Under Brady v. Maryland , police must disclose favorable evidence to the defense. When police hide their sources of evidence, the accused cannot challenge the quality or veracity of the government's investigation, or seek out favorable information still in the government's possession. Moreover, hiding evidence from individuals who are prosecuted as a result of such surveillance is antithetical to our fundamental right to an open criminal justice system. 
Third, the new revelation clarifies AT&T's role in the Hemisphere program. AT&T suggests that all it is doing is passively responding to lawful government demands for information about its customers. In fact, AT&T actively imposes secrecy on police who wish to use AT&T's Hemisphere program. AT&T's motives for imposing this secrecy are not presently known. Perhaps AT&T is seeking to avoid public scrutiny of its Hemisphere business model , which earns millions of dollars from police officials in exchange for access to private phone records that AT&T retains for many years longer than its competitors do. 
Sadly, this isn't the first time that police and corporations worked together to hide from the public their deployment of highly invasive spying tools. For example, corporate nondisclosure agreements contributed to years of secrecy about police use of cell site simulators, often called 'Stingrays,' which masquerade as cell phone towers and thus force all phones in the area to disclose sensitive information to the police. 
Next steps 
We must fully expose Hemisphere to the light of public scrutiny. EFF has used public records laws to uncover many Hemisphere records, and we will add any other documents we obtain to our public library of Hemisphere records. 
Looking forward, we must stop the police and their corporate suppliers from unilaterally and secretly deploying new surveillance technologies in the first place. Rather, the decision whether to adopt these sensitive tools should be made by elected officials, at open meetings, following ample opportunity for the general public to study the matter and have their voices heard. EFF supports a national campaign to enact laws requiring this process. In many cases, an informed citizenry and their elected officials will say 'no' to new spying tools. In other cases, elected officials will impose necessary privacy safeguards. 
AT&T and the police tried to keep Hemisphere secret. They failed. The time has come to end the Hemisphere program. As a matter of constitutional law and basic privacy principles, the police should not be allowed, without case-by-case judicial oversight, to scrutinize our social relationships with a database of trillions of phone records. Related Cases:
ARTICLE

No-Fly Zone Declared as Militarized Police Prep for Assault on 'Front-Line Camp' at Standing Rock   Jay Syrmopoulos 
Cannon Ball, ND 'ì Pipeline opponents attempting to protect their water supply from the Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL), as well as prevent the continued destruction of burial grounds and cultural sites, are anticipating a confrontation with police today. This news come after 'water protectors' refused law enforcement requests to vacate reoccupied land in the pipeline's path, owned by Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners. 
Last week, native activists took the bold action of declaring eminent domain over their traditional territory and set up a new camp 'Front-Line' camp directly in the pipeline's path. Pipeline opponents say they have simply reclaimed the land under the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851, clearly noting the Sioux never ceded that territory. The new encampment lies across Highway 1806, where pipeline security guards armed with guard dogs and pepper spray attacked protestors attempting to stop the bulldozing of cultural sites and burial grounds on September 3. 
The impending crisis comes after nearly 200 water protectors set up the new camp on land that Energy Transfer Partners last month purchased from a local rancher in an effort to bolster strategic and tactical control of areas surrounding construction of the controversial pipeline. 
According to the AP , however, the Native Americans claim the land is theirs by way of an '1851 treaty and they won't leave until the pipeline is stopped.''We never ceded this land,' said protester Joye Braun. 
This latest flashpoint in the ongoing conflict is north of the larger and more permanent encampments, which have been constructed on federally owned land where over 200 Native American tribes have gathered to oppose the pipeline's construction. 
On Wednesday, a heavily militarized law enforcement presence began mobilizing heavy equipment, including Humvees, armored personnel carriers, buses and demanded the protestors leave the occupied area. 
In an ominous sign, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has restricted flights , and banned the use of drones within a radius of about 4 ¬Ω miles of Cannon Ball. The FAA declared that only aircraft affiliated with the North Dakota Tactical Operation Center are allowed within the restricted airspace. The flight restriction went into effect Wednesday and will last until November 5. 
Indian Country Today reports : 
What began with prayers and a single tipi alongside Highway 1806 quickly grew to more than a dozen tipis surrounded by tents, buses, cars and hundreds of water protectors. Some are calling it the '1851 Treaty Camp' to acknowledge their Treaty rights. 
Across the road is the encroaching pipeline and a heavily militarized police force with armored vehicles, helicopters, planes, ATVs and busloads of officers. Tensions are growing as unarmed citizens worry that police will use unnecessarily harsh tactics. 
In recent weeks, nearly 300 unarmed water protectors who were arrested have been subjected to pepper spray, strip-searches, delayed bail, exaggerated charges and physical violence, according to interviews with several who were taken into custody. The ACLU and National Lawyers Guild recently sent attorneys to Standing Rock to help the Red Owl Collective, a team of volunteer lawyers headed by attorney Bruce Ellison, who are representing many of those arrested. 
The massive law enforcement contingent, consisting of sheriff's deputies and officers from numerous other states and counties, as well as National Guard, began staging near the encampment 'î with scores of Armored Personnel Carriers, buses and Humvees poised at the ready. 
'At some point the rule of law has to be enforced,' Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney said Wednesday. 'We could go down there at any time. We're trying not to.' 
Dakota Access LLC, the pipeline developer released a statement encouraging trespassers to 'vacate the land immediately' or be 'removed from the land.' 
'Alternatively and in coordination with local law enforcement and county/state officials, all trespassers will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and removed from the land,' the company said. 'Lawless behavior will not be tolerated.' 
Just days ago, sheriff's officials had said earlier they didn't have the resources to immediately remove activists from the private land, about 50 miles south of Bismarck. Subsequently, law enforcement officials put out a call for reinforcements, with hundreds of officers from out of state responding. 
On Wednesday, actor and environmental activist Mark Ruffalo and civil rights leader Rev. Jesse Jackson went to the new camp to speak and pray with the water protectors. Ruffalo had arrived the night before to speak on an anti-DAPL panel with Native activists at the Prairie Knights Casino and Hotel, according to Indian Country Today. 
After touring the camp Jackson spoke to the crowd, reminding people that nonviolence is key to winning the battle for justice. 
'With promises broken, land stolen, and sacred lands desecrated, the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe is standing up for their right to clean water. They have lost land for settlers to farm, more land for gold in the Black Hills, and then again even more land for the damn (sic) that was built for flood control and hydro power,' Jackson said. 
When will the taking stop? When will we start treating the first peoples of these lands with the respect and honor they deserve? 
The rerouting of the pipeline away from Bismarck to its current route is 'the ripest case of environmental racism I've seen in a long time,' Jackson said. 'Bismarck residents don't want their water threatened, so why is it okay for North Dakota to react with guns and tanks when Native Americans ask for the same right?' 
The pipeline was originally scheduled to run north of Bismarck until local residents expressed displeasure with the plan, with the DAPL ultimately being rerouted to its current trajectory near the Oceti Sakowin Standing Rock Reservation. 
With an impending militarized police raid of the camp, Mekasi Camp-Horinek, one of the camp coordinators, told officers the protesters planned to stand their ground, saying 'Do what you've got to do,' according to the Bismarck Tribune 
'I don't have a crystal ball to know when it will happen, but we know it will happen,' said Mekasi Camp-Horinek, a member of the Ponca tribe in Oklahoma. 'We're going to hold this ground.' 
Water protectors could be heard chanting, 'Stand in peace against the beast.' 
'I'm here to die if I have to. I don't want to die but I will,' said Didi Banerji, who lives in Toronto but is originally from the Spirit Lake Sioux reservation in North Dakota. 
The protesters are simply trying to keep law enforcement from preventing their efforts to stop the pipeline said David Red Bear Jr., 30, from the South Dakota side of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. 
'If we don't stop them here, they're going to cut us off closer to the pipeline. We can't let that happen,' Red Bear said. 'We're not trying to force anybody's hand. We're just trying to stand up for what we believe in.' 
The reality is that the citizens of North Dakota are funding a protection force, in the form of police, for a multi-billion dollar corporate entity. North Dakota's Emergency Commission previously approved $6 million in emergency funding for law enforcement costs related to the protest 'î with almost all of those funds having been used already. The Department of Emergency Services plans to ask for more, spokeswoman Cecily Fong said. 
Do North Dakotans want their tax money spent on police acting as paid enforcers for Wall Street and big oil interests? 
While law enforcement claims they are just doing their job and enforcing the law, in reality, they are acting as enforcers for an unjust corporate oligarchy that consistently puts money over people. The financial elite are the ones who the police are truly protecting and serving 'î not the American people. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Trending Articles: Trending Articles: 21 Things We've Learned About Hillary Clinton from Wikileaks That the MSM Won't Share'¶But YOU Can!   Daisy Luther 
Let's talk about Wikileaks. 
First of all, the organization was founded by Julian Assange back in 2006. Their website explains what they are all about: 
'WikiLeaks specializes in the analysis and publication of large datasets of censored or otherwise restricted official materials involving war, spying, and corruption. It has so far published more than 10 million documents and associated analyses.' 
In the 11 years that they've been publishing documents, they have not been disproven a single time. Their record for authentication is perfect. (Learn more here and here .) 
So this means that a person would be pretty silly to disregard anything in the reams of information about Hillary Clinton, the Democratic Party, the Clinton Foundation, and the political shenanigans that would put the Machiavellis to shame. 
Here are 21 of the most important things that have come out about Hillary Clinton, that unfortunately, no one is reporting on in the mainstream. In the interest of brevity, each topic has a link to an article that goes deeper into the leak. (In no particular order.) John Podesta, the chairman of the Clinton campaign had a nice cozy dinner with Peter Kadzik, one of the top officials in the Department of Justice'¶the day after the Benghazi hearing . Kadzik's son also asked for a job on the Clinton campaign, and, the icing on the corruption cupcake? Kadzik led the effort to nominate Loretta Lynch, who famously met with Bill Clinton on her private plane right before Hillary's interrogation about Emailgate. ( source ) We all knew that the Clinton Foundation was just a way for the Clinton family to launder money, and now there's proof. Zero Hedge writes, ''¶today's Wikileaks dump included that memo which reveals, for the first time, the precise financial flows between the Clinton Foundation, Band's firm Teneo Consulting, and the Clinton family's private business endeavors.' A pundit called this leak 'The Rosetta Stone of the Clinton Foundation,' meaning that with this document, all of their shady financial dealings could be unraveled and translated. ( source ) Clinton is unable to speak for very long without a podium to lean on . Numerous leaked emails reference how certain interviews have to be kept short because she'd be without one. And this article references a very interesting reason why this may be the case 'ì surprisingly it isn't related to her health. ( source ) The leaks also show that Clinton intends to do her best to restrict the Second Amendment. Brian Fallon, the national press secretary for the Clinton campaign, wrote, ' Circling back around on guns as a follow up to the Friday morning discussion: the Today show has indicated they definitely plan to ask bout guns, and so to have the discussion be more of a news event than her previous times discussing guns, we are going to background reporters tonight on a few of the specific proposals she would support as President 'ì universal background checks of course, but also closing the gun show loophole by executive order and imposing manufacturer liability .' According to an analysis on The Daily Sheeple, 'Imposing manufacturer liability means that after Sandy Hook, Bushmaster and Remington Arms would have been prosecuted for having a hand in the murder of children and school staff members for firearms that were legally sold.' ( source ) The campaign was concerned that the sexual escapades of Bill Clinton could be likened to those of another disgraced celebrity, Bill Cosby . Political operative Ron Klain sent an urgent email saying that Hillary should anticipate the following questions, ' How is what Bill Clinton did different from what Bill Cosby did? Is his conduct relevant to your campaign? You said every woman should be believed. Why not the women who accused him? Will you apologize to the women who were wrongly smeared by your husband and his allies?' ( source ) Clinton's campaign deliberately leaked an embarrassing photo of a swimsuit-clad Bernie Sanders to the press, ironically insinuating that it was proof he was bought off by Wall Street. Perez Hilton wrote, ' Bernie Sanders lounges at elite Martha's Vineyard pool, summer 2015 after helping raise money from Wall Street lobbyists .' ( source ) Clinton admitted she is out of touch with the middle class in a speech to Goldman-Black Rock in 2014. 'And I am not taking a position on any policy, but I do think there is a growing sense of anxiety and even anger in the country over the feeling that the game is rigged. And I never had that feeling when I was growing up. Never. I mean, were there really rich people, of course there were. My father loved to complain about big business and big government, but we had a solid middle class upbringing. We had good public schools. We had accessible health care. We had our little, you know, one-family house that, you know, he saved up his money, didn't believe in mortgages. So I lived that. And now, obviously, I'm kind of far removed because the life I've lived and the economic, you know, fortunes that my husband and I now enjoy , but I haven't forgotten it.' ( source ) She made this rather NWO remark at a 2013 paid speech to Brazilian bank Banco Itau: ' My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders , some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.' ( source ) In a leak of yet another paid speech, this time to the Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago in 2013, Clinton said that Jordan and Turkey ' can't possibly vet all those refugees so they don't know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees.' Meanwhile, if Clinton has her way , we will be warmly welcoming 65,000 refugees a year, which makes Obama's 10,000 a year look like small potatoes. ( source ) Clinton blackmailed the Chinese by telling them that the US would base missiles in the region if they didn't exert some control over North Korean aggression. ' So China, come on. You either control them or we're going to have to defend against them ,' she purportedly told the audience at a Goldman Sachs conference in June 2013. ( source ) In May 2015, Clinton was no longer Secretary of State but was ready to announce she was running for President when she was invited to attend a summit in Morrocco. The implication from the leaked emails was that a $12 million 'donation' from the king of Morocco was dependent on Clinton attending the summit. Human Abedin, usually loyal to her boss, had concerns . ' If HRC was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter. She created this mess and she knows it. Her presence was a condition for the Moroccans to proceed so there is no going back on this,' Abedin wrote to Robbie Mook in a November 2014 email. Incidentally, Clinton didn't attend. Bill and Chelsea went instead and the $12 million donation was not forthcoming. (source ) Podesta attacked Clinton's primary election rival Bernie Sanders for criticizing the Paris climate change agreement. ' Can you believe that doofus Bernie attacked it? ' said Podesta. ( source ) Clinton told a Goldman Sachs conference she would like to intervene secretly in Syria . ' My view was you intervene as covertly as is possible for Americans to intervene,' she told employees of the bank in South Carolina, which had paid her about $225,000 to give a speech. 'We used to be much better at this than we are now. Now, you know, everybody can't help themselves. They have to go out and tell their friendly reporters and somebody else: Look what we're doing and I want credit for it. ' (source ) There is indeed a definite link between the Clinton campaign and what MSM is allowed to say. The campaign has colluded directly with media spokespersons that read like a Who's Who in American Media : Dan Merica from CNN, Haim Saban of Univision, John Harwood of CNBC and the NY Times, Rebecca Quick of CNBC, Maggie Haberman of NY Times and Politico, John Harris of Politico, Donna Brazile formerly of CNN, Roland Martin of TV-One, Marjorie Pritchard of The Boston Globe, and Louise Mensch of Heat Street. ( source ) As everyone knows, the DNC deliberately screwed Bernie Sanders out of the nomination ( Bonus: Wikileaks also released some of the DNC's voicemails on the topic ). There are emails that prove who is actually pulling HRC's puppet strings and that puppeteer is George Soros . The shadow government is not just a conspiracy theory 'ì it really exists and Hillary's job is to keep George Soros happy. ( source ) Excerpts from her speeches to Wall Street read like a guide to two-faced treachery. In them, she clearly points out that sometimes you 'need' to lie. 'If everybody's watching, you know, all of the back room discussions and the deals, you know, then people get a little nervous, to say the least. So, you need both a public and a private position.' ( source ) Wikileaks emails show that back when she still worked for CNN and before she became an employee of the Clinton campaign, Donna Brazile gave Hillary the questions in advance for her 'impromptu' CNN Town Hall questions. ( source ) The campaign got to 'approve' articles in influential publications like NY Times, HuffPo, CNN, NBC, CBS, NYT, MSNBC, and Politico, showing a massive collusion with the mainstream media, who has hounded Trump relentlessly in an effort to distract from HRC's abysmal candidacy. ( source ) Through the treasure trove of Wikileaks emails, we can gain an accurate picture of how Hillary really feels about us all (spoiler: basket of deplorables, basement dwellers and right wing conspirators) ( source ) President Obama knew the whole time that her emails were not coming from the secure State Department server. Cheryl Mills wrote to John Podesta, 'W e need to clean this up 'ì he has emails from her 'ì they do not say state.gov .' You see, Obama's emails all have to be from'whitelisted'addresses. So someone, somewhere, added her nonsecure email to his whitelist. ( source ) 
And finally, here's the real reason that treacherous shrew is involved in politics. And let me tell you, it isn't because she yearns to make things better for anyone but herself. (emphasis mine.) 
At the Goldman Sachs Builders and Innovators Summit, Clinton responded to a question from chief executive Lloyd Blankfein, who quipped that you 'go to Washington' to 'make a small fortune.' Clinton agreed with the comment and complained about ethics rules that require officials to divest from certain assets before entering government. ' There is such a bias against people who have led successful and/or complicated lives, ' Clinton said. ( source ) 
Together, we cannot be ignored. 
I am on a mission between now and the Presidential Election on November 8th and I hope that you will join me. 
I am going to work day and night to provide the coverage that the mainstream media is not. It isn't until we combine all of our voices that we can make people listen to the scandals, the rigging, and the corruption, not only in this election but in the system in general. Please join your voice with mine by liking, sharing, and spreading the word. 
Together, we cannot be ignored. Together, we are an army. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

WHO Cancer Agency Under Fire for withholding 'carcinogenic glyphosate' Documents   RT 
The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), facing criticism over its classification of carcinogens, has reportedly been advising its scientific experts not to publish internal research data on its 2015 report on 'probably carcinogenic' glyphosate. 
The IARC urged its scientists not to publish research documents on its 2015 weedkiller glyphosate review, according to Reuters. The agency told Reuters on Tuesday that it tried to protect the study from 'external interference,' as well as protect its intellectual rights, since it was 'the sole owner of such materials.' 
The scientists had been asked earlier to release all the documentation on the 2015 report under US freedom of information laws. 
The groundbreaking review, published in March 2015 by the IARC 'ì a semi-autonomous agency of the World Health Organization (WHO) 'ì labeled the glyphosate herbicide as 'probably carcinogenic to humans.' Glyphosate is a key ingredient of Monsanto's flagship weedkiller well-known under the trade name 'Roundup.' It is one of the most heavily used herbicides in the world and is designed to go along with genetically-modified 'Roundup Ready' crops, also produced by Monsanto. 
The IARC's report caused problems for both the notorious agrochemical giant and the agency itself. 
The report sparked a heated debate around the use of Roundup, and caused several EU countries 'ì including France, Sweden, and the Netherlands 'ì to object to the renewal of the glyphosate's EU license. The vote on prolonging the glyphosate license for 15 years failed several times in June 2016, but the license was temporarily extended for 18 months during last hours before its expiration. 
The controversial report has seemingly made the IARC a target for attacks from multiple directions, and raised scientific, legal, and financial questions. 
Various critics, including those in the chemical industry, said the IARC's evaluations are fuel for 'unnecessary health scares,' since the IARC allegedly studies the potentially harmful substance itself, and not a 'typical human' exposure to it. It remained unclear whether the critics urged a WHO body to test the potentially carcinogenic chemical on humans. 
The critics also brought up other controversial statements from the IARC, over whether such things as mobile phones, coffee, red meat, and processed meat could cause cancer. 
The agency defended its methods as scientifically sound and 'widely respected for their scientific rigor, standardized and transparent process and'¶freedom from conflicts of interest.' Numerous freedom of information requests by the Energy & Environment Legal Institute (E&E Legal), a US conservative advocacy group, have since been turned down with this reasoning. 
E&E Legal told Reuters that it is pushing a legal challenge over whether the documents in question belong to the IARC or to the US federal and state institutions where some of the experts work. Basically, it's being decided whether the IARC, as part of the WHO, is truly independent and free from 'conflicts of interest.' 
According to Reuters, officials from the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) will be questioned by a congressional committee about why American taxpayers fund the cancer agency, which faces much criticism over its allegedly faulty classification of carcinogens. 
'IARC's standards and determinations for classifying substances as carcinogenic, and therefore cancer-causing, appear inconsistent with other scientific research, and have generated much controversy and alarm,' a letter from US Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz to NIH director Francis Collins states, as quoted by Reuters. 
The Oversight Committee demanded a full disclosure of NIH funding of the IARC, and even money spent in relation to the cancer agency's activities. 
IARC opponents from scientific circles vowed to provide their data on the matter. The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), which believes glyphosate is 'unlikely pose a carcinogenic hazard to humans,' promised to release its raw data on the subject as part of its 'commitment to open risk assessment.' The food safety watchdog made this statement in late September, and still has to deliver the promised information. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

"Blue Alerts" to be used to keep the 'War on Cops' lie, alive   
Police State America's control of our cell phones and media has taken a dark and twisted turn. Soon, everyone's cell phone will receive a "Blue Alert" warning them that police are looking for someone who's allegedly injured or killed a cop. Americans can expect to see "Blue Alerts" popping up everywhere, on their cellphones, TV's and even their radios .According to the Blue Alert Foundation , a "Blue Alert" is a means to speed the apprehension of violent criminals who kill or seriously injure local, state, or federal law enforcement officers.According to Wikipedia, the National Blue Alert system will pay a Department of Justice officer to become their national coordinator . Congress estimates is will cost taxpayers $1 million dollars annually to maintain the Blue Alert system. DHS controlled EAS warning system "Blue Alerts" will be broadcast over the EAS warning system.The EAS warning system wasn't designed to be used as a propaganda tool. (i'm trying not to scream as i'm typing) But that's exactly, what it's become. The EAS warning system has become a propaganda tool used by DHS/Police to keep Americans in fear. This past September, FEMA (DHS) conducted a national EAS warning test that encompassed radio, broadcast TV, cable, satellite, and other service providers (cell phone).It's hard to imagine a more successful national propaganda device in the hands of a government.DHS has successfully managed to condition the public into accepting MONTHLY test messages in English and Spanish. Earlier this year, I warned everyone that DHS is a master at using scare tactics to keep Americans afraid . As recently as two years ago, DHS was accused of using scare tactics in order to secure congressional funding. Why would anyone, expect DHS "Blue Alerts" to be any different?You can bet former Stasi and KGB officials, would have died to have had such a complete national propaganda device at their disposal. Why do we need a national "Blue Alert" system? The 'War on cops' is a lie A recent Antimedia article , revealed the war against police is pure fiction. The reality is, more cops have died from accidents than by violence. In 2015, the latest year for which the FBI has analyzed data, 41 police officers died as a result of the felonious actions of others. Forty-five died in accidents 'î 40 of which were attributable to traffic and/or automobile-related incidents . For more information, read the FBI's annual 'Law Enforcement Officers Killed and Assaulted' report . Police groups blame Obama and Black Lives Matter for the BS 'War on cops' According to a Mother Jones article , police groups have joined high-profile right-wing figures in issuing sharp criticisms of those they see as facilitating a 'War on cops.' (President Barack Obama and supporters of the Black Lives Matter movement)In a statement posted on its Facebook page , the National Association of Police Organizations said: "While we mourn and grieve and commit ourselves to supporting the survivors, we must also stand up and speak out against the senseless agitators and gutless politicians who helped bring about these murders." A Huffington Post article , reveals the lie that started the 'war on cops.'
ARTICLE

Cops Begin ILLEGALLY Removing DAPL Protesters From Protected Indian Land 'î Stolen Through Eminent Domain   Counter Current News 
The months-long protests of the Dakota Access Pipeline has just come to a head on Thursday. 
Police and protesters clashed over disputed territory near the pipeline's path, on Native American tribal land, seized by the government. 
CNN reports the following: 
North Dakota authorities started removing roadblocks protesters set up to demarcate a camp that they say is located on tribal land. 
Protesters set up teepees, tents and other structures on Sunday to set down roots for a 'winter camp.' 
But authorities say they are trespassing and brought in police in riot gear to forcibly remove protesters from what they say is private property. 
State authorities called in reinforcements from seven other states to help, North Dakota Department of Emergency Services spokeswoman Cecily Fong said. As of Thursday afternoon, about 100 protesters remained. 
'Protesters escalated unlawful behavior this weekend by setting up illegal roadblocks, trespassing onto private property and establishing an encampment (actions that) forced law enforcement to respond at this time,' Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier stated. 
The conflict between police and protesters originates from the ongoing construction of the 1,172-mile pipeline that will threaten the environment and destroy Native American burial sites, prayer sites and culturally significant artifacts. 
Watch the videos below and help SPREAD THE WORD! 
(Article by M. David)
ARTICLE

Duterte Pulls a 180: China to Build Fake Islands Right Off Philippine Coast   Underground Reporter 
( UR ) Beijing 'î In a move signaling a point of no return in Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte's recent pivot to China, it was reported Tuesday the Philippines have granted a state-owned Chinese infrastructure group the right to build artificial islands in the South China Sea 'î they very practice Duterte's predecessor had sought to restrict via U.N. intervention. 
'China Communication Construction Company (CCCC), a State-owned infrastructure group, recently signed a contract with the Philippines' Mega Harbour Port and Development Inc. to conduct a 208-hectare land reclamation project in Davao's harbour,' wrote China's state-run People's Daily . 
To be built just off the Philippines' southern coast by 'moving sediment from the seafloor to a reef,' the four islands 'will be used for government offices, businesses, residences, ports and industrial land.' 
The CCCC Dredging chairman stated 'the project will elevate cooperation between China and the Philippines' port construction companies to a new height' and that he 'expects the project to become a model for future cooperation between the two nations.' 
It was barely three months ago that a United Nations arbitration court ruled China's nearly all-encompassing claim of territorial rights to the South China Sea was invalid. That case had been brought by the administration of Duterte's predecessor, President Benigno Aquino, because China had begun to construct artificial islands in those waters. 
Such a drastic shift in policy 'î and the, admittedly, somewhat puzzling nature of it 'î was remarked on by Steve Mollman who, writing for Quartz , reported on the new China-Philippines deal on Thursday: 
'You'd think that rewarding China's dredging sector would be the last thing the Philippines wants to do. After all, in recent years Chinese dredging ships have been an unwelcome presence in parts of the South China Sea near the Philippines, helping to build islands atop reefs that then became Chinese military bases, complete with runways and ports.' 

South China Sea, with Paracel and Spratly Islands. [Public domain] 
Indeed, for awhile it appeared the navies of China and the United States 'î who physically intervened on the side of the Philippines 'î would succumb to all-out war in the South China Sea. 
Tensions have since deescalated considerably, however, due in large part to the fact that Duterte, who's officially announced he intends for his country's future to unfold within the Chinese sphere of influence, has taken away the one thing the U.S. needed to stick its nose in the affairs of the region 'î an excuse. 
'In this venue, your honors, in this venue, I announce my separation from the United States,' Duterte said while speaking at the Great Hall of the People during a historic trip to Beijing last week. 
In that speech, the Filipino president made his reasoning for the pivot quite clear. 'America has lost,' he said flatly. He made equally clear he wants to be a part of what he feels is the winning side: 'I've realigned myself in your ideological flow and maybe I will also go to talk to (Russian President) Putin and tell him that there are three of us against the world 'î China, Philippines and Russia. It's the only way.' 
So Duterte is now allowing China to build fake islands in the South China Sea. 
That statement, in itself, is enough to raise the eyebrows of people following the developments in that region. And with regard to the South China Sea dispute 'î on the Philippines front, at least 'î Duterte, in a very real sense, is right. American has lost. Because, after all, it's awfully hard to convince folks of Chinese aggression when China and the country in question are cooperating voluntarily.
ARTICLE

Project Veritas 4: Robert Creamer's Illegal $20,000 Foreign Wire Transfer Caught On Tape   Zero Hedge 
Project Veritas has just released Part IV of it's multi-part series exposing numerous scandals surrounding the DNC and the Clinton campaign, including efforts to incite violence at Trump rallies and, at least what seems to be, illegal coordination between the DNC, Hillary For America and various Super PACs. 
Part IV focuses on a $20,000 foreign donation made by an undercover Project Veritas journalist to Americans United for Change (AUFC). Ironically, shortly after the $20k donation wire was released, the contributor's "niece" was offered an internship with Creamer's firm, Democracy Partners. 
In the new video, Creamer says: 'Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters '¶ I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television, radio, with earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising.' He also mentions a conference call discussing a woman potentially coming forward to accuse Trump of inappropriate behavior. 
Creamer, a seasoned Chicago activist who is married to Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-IL), whose Republican opponent, Joan McCarthy Lasonde has called for her to resign over her husband's activities, also talks about his work with Barack Obama, whom he says he has known since the 1980s, when Obama was a community organizer in Chicago: 'He's a pro, I've known the President since he was a community organizer in Chicago.' 
Elsewhere, Creamer adds: 'I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the'¶ the health care bill, for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.' 
In the effort to prove the credibility of the undercover donor featured in the videos and to keep the investigation going, Project Veritas Action made the decision to donate twenty thousand dollars to Robert Creamer's effort. Project Veritas Action had determined that the benefit of this investigation outweighed the cost. And it did. 

'First thing, like I said, thank you for the proposal. And I'd like to get the $20,000 across to you. The second call I'm going to make here is to my money guy and he's going to get in touch with you and auto wire the funds to you,' said the PVA journalist. 

Creamer told the PVA journalist to send the money to Americans United for Change. Shortly after the money was released, the 'donors''niece' - another Project Veritas Action journalist - was offered an internship with Creamer. 

In an effort to see how far Creamer would go with the promise of more money, another Project Veritas journalist posing as the donor's money liaison requested a meeting with Creamer. During that meeting, Creamer spoke about connections he had with Obama and Clinton. 
AUFC President, Brad Woodhouse, subsequently returned the money, after Project Veritas started to release their undercover videos, citing "concerns that it might have been an illegal foreign donation." Oddly, Woodhouse was not terribly concerned about the "legality" of the donation when he chose to accept it a month prior. 
In an unexpected twist, AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC's activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars. He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn't been a problem for the month that they had the money. 

While the latest video focuses on the " $20,000 illegal foreign contribution" from an undercover Project Veritas journalist , the following comments from Robert Creamer were also rather intriguing in light of recent White House efforts to vehemently deny any connections between he and President Obama. 
"Oh Barack Obama's was the best campaign in the history of American politics, I mean the second one, I mean the first was good too. I was a consultant to both, the second one, was everything hit on every level and every aspect. 

He's a pro. I've known the President since he was a community organizer in Chicago . 

I was just at and event with him in Chicago actually, on Friday last . He is just as good as ever. I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues. Helping to run issued campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the...the health care bill...trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues." 
* * * 
As a reminder, video 3 directly linking Donna Brazile and Hillary Clinton to efforts to disrupt Trump events. 

Video 2 provided the democrat playbook on how to commit "mass voter fraud": 

Video 1 revealed DNC efforts to incite violence at Trump rallies: Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Trending Articles: Trending Articles: Must Read of the Day 'ì Dennis Kucinich's Extraordinary Warning on D.C.'s Think Tank Warmongers   Michael Krieger, Liberty Blitzkrieg 
WAR is a racket. It always has been. 
It is possibly the oldest, easily the most profitable, surely the most vicious. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives. 
A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of the people. Only a small 'inside' group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few, at the expense of the very many. Out of war a few people make huge fortunes. 
Former Congressman Dennis Kucinich has just penned an extremely powerful warning about the warmongers in Washington D.C. Who funds them, what their motives are, and why it is imperative for the American people to stop them. 
Read it and share it with everyone you know. 
Washington, DC, may be the only place in the world where people openly flaunt their pseudo-intellectuality by banding together, declaring themselves 'think tanks,' and raising money from external interests, including foreign governments, to compile reports that advance policies inimical to the real-life concerns of the American people. 
As a former member of the House of Representatives, I remember 16 years of congressional hearings where pedigreed experts came to advocate wars in testimony based on circular, rococo thinking devoid of depth, reality, and truth. I remember other hearings where the Pentagon was unable to reconcile over $1 trillion in accounts, lost track of $12 billion in cash sent to Iraq, and rigged a missile-defense test so that an interceptor could easily home in on a target. War is first and foremost a profitable racket. 
How else to explain that in the past 15 years this city's so called bipartisan foreign policy elite has promoted wars in Iraq and Libya, and interventions in Syria and Yemen, which have opened Pandora's box to a trusting world, to the tune of trillions of dollars, a windfall for military contractors. DC's think 'tanks' should rightly be included in the taxonomy of armored war vehicles and not as gathering places for refugees from academia. 
According to the front page of this past Friday's Washington Post, the bipartisan foreign-policy elite recommends the next president show less restraint than President Obama. Acting at the urging of 'liberal' hawks brandishing humanitarian intervention, read war, the Obama administration attacked Libya along with allied powers working through NATO. 
The think tankers fell in line with the Iraq invasion. Not being in the tank, I did my own analysis of the call for war in October of 2002, based on readily accessible information, and easily concluded that there was no justification for war. I distributed it widely in Congress and led 125 Democrats in voting against the Iraq war resolution. There was no money to be made from a conclusion that war was uncalled for, so, against millions protesting in the United States and worldwide, our government launched into an abyss, with a lot of armchair generals waving combat pennants. The marching band and chowder society of DC think tanks learned nothing from the Iraq and Libya experience. 
The only winners were arms dealers, oil companies, and jihadists. Immediately after the fall of Libya, the black flag of Al Qaeda was raised over a municipal building in Benghazi, Gadhafi's murder was soon to follow, with Secretary Clinton quipping with a laugh, 'We came, we saw, he died.' President Obama apparently learned from this misadventure, but not the Washington policy establishment, which is spoiling for more war. 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America's current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on 'mission accomplished.' CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
The Brookings Institute has taken tens of millions from foreign governments , notably Qatar, a key player in the military campaign to oust Assad. Retired four-star Marine general John Allen is now a Brookings senior fellow . Charles Lister is a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute , which has received funding from Saudi Arabia , the major financial force providing billions in arms to upend Assad and install a Sunni caliphate stretching across Iraq and Syria. Foreign-government money is driving our foreign policy. 
As the drumbeat for an expanded war gets louder, Allen and Lister jointly signed an op-ed in the Sunday Washington Post, calling for an attack on Syria. The Brookings Institute, in a report to Congress , admitted it received $250,000 from the US Central Command, Centcom, where General Allen shared leadership duties with General David Petraeus. Pentagon money to think tanks that endorse war? This is academic integrity, DC-style. 
And why is Central Command, as well as the Food and Drug Administration, the US Department of transportation, and the US Department of Health and Human Services giving money to Brookings? 
Former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, who famously told Colin Powell , 'What's the point of having this superb military you're always talking about if we can't use it,' predictably says of this current moment , 'We do think there needs to be more American action.' A former Bush administration top adviser is also calling for the United States to launch a cruise missile attack on Syria. 
The American people are fed up with war, but a concerted effort is being made through fearmongering, propaganda, and lies to prepare our country for a dangerous confrontation, with Russia in Syria. 
The demonization of Russia is a calculated plan to resurrect a raison d'√™tre for stone-cold warriors trying to escape from the dustbin of history by evoking the specter of Russian world domination. 
It's infectious. Earlier this year the BBC broadcast a fictional show that contemplated WWIII, beginning with a Russian invasion of Latvia (where 26 percent of the population is ethnic Russian and 34 percent of Latvians speak Russian at home). 
The imaginary WWIII scenario conjures Russia's targeting London for a nuclear strike. No wonder that by the summer of 2016 a poll showed two-thirds of UK citizens approved the new British PM's launching a nuclear strike in retaliation. So much for learning the lessons detailed in the Chilcot report. 
As this year's presidential election comes to a conclusion, the Washington ideologues are regurgitating the same bipartisan consensus that has kept America at war since 9/11 and made the world a decidedly more dangerous place. 
The DC think tanks provide cover for the political establishment, a political safety net, with a fictive analytical framework providing a moral rationale for intervention, capitol casuistry. I'm fed up with the DC policy elite who cash in on war while presenting themselves as experts, at the cost of other people's lives, our national fortune, and the sacred honor of our country. 
Any report advocating war that comes from any alleged think tank ought to be accompanied by a list of the think tank's sponsors and donors and a statement of the lobbying connections of the report's authors. 
It is our patriotic duty to expose why the DC foreign-policy establishment and its sponsors have not learned from their failures and instead are repeating them, with the acquiescence of the political class and sleepwalkers with press passes. 
It is also time for a new peace movement in America, one that includes progressives and libertarians alike, both in and out of Congress, to organize on campuses, in cities, and towns across America, to serve as an effective counterbalance to the Demuplican war party, its think tanks, and its media cheerleaders. The work begins now, not after the Inauguration. We must not accept war as inevitable, and those leaders who would lead us in that direction, whether in Congress or the White House, must face visible opposition. 
Thank you Mr. Kucinich, I couldn't agree more.
ARTICLE

Facebook Faces High Profile Lawsuit Regarding Facial Recognition Technology 'DeepFace'   Michael Krieger, Liberty Blitzkrieg 
As the technology becomes increasingly ubiquitous and far more accurate, facial recognition and the lack of any laws or regulations around the practice is slowly starting to enter mainstream consciousness. It's a very important issue that isn't getting the attention it deserves. 
For example, as I highlighted in the recent post, Half of American Adults Exist in a Government Accessible Facial Recognition Network : 
Half of all American adults are already in some sort of facial recognition network accessible to law enforcement, according to a comprehensive new study. 
Conducted over a year and relying in part on Freedom of Information and public record requests to 106 law enforcement agencies, the study , conducted by Georgetown Law's Center on Privacy and Technology, found American police use of facial recognition technology is a scattered, hodgepodge network of laws and regulations. 
'Looking at the sum total of what we found, there have been no laws that comprehensively regulate face recognition technology, and there's really no case law either,' Clare Garvie, an associate at the CPT, told Vocativ. 'So we find ourselves having to rely on the agencies that are using that technology to rein it in. But what we found is that not every system 'î by a long shot 'î has a use policy.' 
With that in mind, Bloomberg published an interesting article yesterday covering a couple of lawsuits against Facebook and Google regarding their facial recognition practices. 
Here's some of what we learned: 
While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there's something devious afoot are trying block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. 
As advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the world's largest social network and search engine have sold users' viewing histories for advertising. The companies insist that gathering data on what you look like isn't against the law, even without your permission. 
If judges agree with Facebook and Google, they may be able to kill off lawsuits filed under a unique Illinois law that carries fines of $1,000 to $5,000 each time a person's image is used without permission 'î big enough for a liability headache if claims on behalf of millions of consumers proceed as class actions. A loss by the companies could lead to new restrictions on using biometrics in the U.S., similar to those in Europe and Canada. 
Facebook declined to comment on its court fight. Google declined to comment on pending litigation. 
Facebook encourages users to 'tag' people in photographs they upload in their personal posts and the social network stores the collected information. The company uses a program it calls DeepFace to match other photos of a person. Alphabet Inc.'s cloud-based Google Photos service uses similar technology. 
The billions of images Facebook is thought to be collecting could be even more valuable to identity thieves than the names, addresses, and credit card numbers now targeted by hackers, according to privacy advocates and legal experts. 
And just how good is Facebook's technology? According to the company's research, DeepFace recognizes faces with an accuracy rate of 97.35 percent compared with 97.5 percent for humans 'î including mothers. 
Rotenberg said the privacy concerns are twofold: Facebook might sell the information to retailers or be forced to turn it over to law enforcement 'î in both cases without users knowing it. 
Now here's some history on Facebook and facial recognition. Facebook v. Privacy Law 
December 2005 'î Facebook introduces photo tagging 
October 2008 'î Illinois adopts Biometric Information Privacy Act 
June 2012 'î Facebook acquires Israeli facial recognition developer Face.com 
September 2012 'î Facebook ceases facial recognition in Europe 
2015-2016 'î Facebook, Google, Shutterfly and Snapchat sued under Illinois biometrics law. Shutterfly settles confidentially. 
May 2016 'î Illinois lawmaker proposes excluding photos from biometrics law, then shelves bill after privacy advocates complain 
October 2016 'î Facebook makes second attempt to get biometrics lawsuit thrown out 
The Facebook case is In re Facebook Biometric Information Privacy Litigation, 15-cv-03747, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco). The Google cases are Rivera v. Google, 16-cv-02714, and Weiss v. Google, 16-cv-02870, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois (Chicago). 
For prior articles on the topic, see:
ARTICLE

LaGuardia Airport Closed After Mike Pence's Campaign Plane Skids Off Runway   Zero Hedge 
Update:*PENCE SAYS 'THANKFUL EVERYONE ON OUR PLANE IS SAFE' 
Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence's campaign plane just slid off the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York City during heavy rain. Emergency crews responded to the incident, but journalists on the plane quickly tweeted that there were no injuries. 
BREAKING: Campaign plane carrying Gov Mike Pence skids off runway while landing at LaGuardia Airport, no injuries reported pic.twitter.com/L0DwgT1b28 
'î News Republic (@NewsRepublic) October 28, 2016 **Everyone is okay, including the candidate -- but the Pence campaign plane slid off runway upon landing at LaGuardia pic.twitter.com/EDG1GEjVnQ 
'î Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) October 27, 2016 Emergency crew on site. The governor stood up and made sure everyone was okay. https://t.co/rFHIVM0K9Q 
'î Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) October 27, 2016 #Breaking :Mike Pence campaign plane slid off the runway upon landing at New York's LaGuardia Airport pic.twitter.com/5B7kqPQ4VI 
'î Michael Delauzon (@MichaelDelauzon) October 28, 2016 .@ @mike_pence 's campaign plane has slid off the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York. https://t.co/6rm43QGScT #Election2016 pic.twitter.com/8D9dGJGMTZ 
'î 7 News Sydney (@7NewsSydney) October 28, 2016 

The latest is that they have shut LaGuardia: *LAGUARDIA CLOSED DUE TO PLANE SKIDDING OFF RUNWAY: NOTIFY NYC Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Schools All Over America Are Closing On Election Day Due To Fears Of Violence   
Will this be the most chaotic election day in modern American history? All across the nation, schools are being closed on election day due to safety fears. Traditionally, schools have been very popular as voting locations because they can accommodate a lot of people, they usually have lots of parking, and everyone in the community knows where they are and can usually get to them fairly easily. But now there is a big movement to remove voting from schools or to shut schools down on election day so that children are not present when voting takes place. According to Fox News , 'voting has been removed or classes have been canceled on Election Day at schools in Illinois, Maine, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and elsewhere.' Just a couple days ago , I shared with you a survey that found that 51 percent of all Americans are concerned about violence happening on election day, and all of these schools closing is just another sign of how on edge much of the population is as we approach November 8th. 
Many officials are being very honest about the fact that schools are being shut down on election day because they are afraid of election violence. The following comes from Fox News '¶ 
Several schools across the nation have decided to close on Election Day over fears of possible violence in the hallways stemming from the fallout from the heated rhetoric that consumed the campaign trail. 
The fear is the ugliness of the election season could escalate into confrontations and even violence in the school hallways, endangering students. 
'If anybody can sit there and say they don't think this is a contentious election, then they aren't paying much attention,' Ed Tolan, the Falmouth, Maine police chief, said Tuesday. His community has already called off classes on Nov. 8 and an increased police presence will be felt around town. 
And without a doubt, voting locations are 'soft targets' that often have little or no security. We have been blessed to have had such peaceful elections in the past, but we also need to realize that times have changed. I believe that there is wisdom in what Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp told reporters '¶ 
'There is a concern, just like at a concert, sporting event or other public gathering that we didn't have 15 or 20 years ago,' said Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp, co-chairman of the National Association of Secretaries of State election committee. ' What if someone walks in a polling location with a backpack bomb or something? If that happens at a school, then that's certainly concerning.' 
All it is going to take is a single incident to change everything. 
Let us hope that it is not this election day when we see something like that. 
Another reason why polling locations are under increased scrutiny this election season is because of concerns about election fraud. This is something that Donald Trump has alluded to repeatedly on the campaign trail. For instance, just consider what he told a rally in Pennsylvania '¶ 
'We don't want to lose an election because you know what I'm talking about,' Trump told an overwhelmingly white crowd in Manheim, Pa., earlier this month. 'Because you know what? That's a big, big problem, and nobody wants to talk about it. Nobody has the guts to talk about it. So go and watch these polling places .' 
And of course reports are already pouring in from around the country of big problems with the voting machines. In Illinois this week, one candidate personally experienced a machine switching his votes from Republicans to Democrats'¶ 
Early voting in Illinois got off to a rocky start Monday, as votes being cast for Republican candidates were transformed into votes for Democrats. 
Republican state representative candidate Jim Moynihan went to vote Monday at the Schaumburg Public Library. 
'I tried to cast a vote for myself and instead it cast the vote for my opponent,' Moynihan said. 'You could imagine my surprise as the same thing happened with a number of races when I tried to vote for a Republican and the machine registered a vote for a Democrat.' 
In addition, if you keep up with my work on The Economic Collapse Blog , then you already know that a number of voters down in Texas have reported that their votes were switched from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . 
Well, it turns out that those voting machines appear to have a link to the Clinton Foundation '¶ 
According to OpenSecrets, the company who provided the alleged glitching voting machines is a subsidiary of The McCarthy Group. 
The McCarthy group is a major donor to the Clinton Foundation 'ì apparently donating 200,000 dollars in 2007 'ì when it was the largest owner of United States voting machines. Or perhaps the 200,000 dollars went to paying Bill Clinton for speeches? 
Either way, it doesn't look good. 
After everything that we saw in 2012 , I am convinced that there is good reason to be concerned about the integrity of our voting machines. 
But Democrats don't like poll observers, because they think that having too many poll observers will intimidate their voters'¶ 
'It's un-American, but at the same time we have a long history of doing things like that ,' Ari Berman, author of the 2016 book ' Give Us the Ballot: The Modern Struggle for Voting Rights in America ,' previously told The Christian Science Monitor. 'Voting was very, very dangerous. I don't think anyone's suggesting that we're at the same place today. I just think the loss of the [official poll observers] is going to be really problematic.' 
Without a doubt, this has been the craziest election season that we have seen in decades, and I have a feeling that it is about to get even crazier. 
But will the end result be the election of the most corrupt politician in the history of our country ? 
If that is the outcome after all that we have been through, it will be exceedingly depressing indeed. About the author: Michael Snyder is the founder and publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog and End Of The American Dream. Michael's controversial new book about Bible prophecy entitled 'The Rapture Verdict' is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com.* Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Jury Acquits All 7 Leaders of Oregon Standoff   Source: Cryptogon 
This whole thing must be a COINTEL operation. I don't know whether any of these people are willing participants in such an operation (I suspect some of them are), but you can bet that .gov is interested in running detailed surveillance and social network analysis on all of them. 
Consider what can happen if you write the wrong thing on social media. Justin Carter wrote something stupid on Facebook back in 2013 and his life has been destroyed. After being beaten in jail and spending time in solitary confinement , Carter is still awaiting trial . 
But the people involved with taking over a U.S. Government facility for several weeks are allowed to walk free? 
COINTELPRO. Gotta be. 
Via: USA Today : 
The seven leaders of an armed group who took over a wildlife refuge in Oregon earlier this year were all found not guilty Thursday of conspiracy and possession of firearms at a federal facility. 
A jury exonerated brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy and five other co-defendants of conspiring to block federal workers from their jobs at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in a standoff that began Jan. 2 and lasted almost six weeks. 
Defendant Ken Medenbach, who was not in the courtroom for the verdict and had been away for medical treatment, began crying when informed of the news over the telephone. 
'It's wonderful 'ì the holy spirit has been listening to our prayers,' Medenbach said. 'The people have spoken.' Share This Article...
ARTICLE

President Obama's 2013 Golf Trip With Tiger Woods Cost Taxpayers $3.6 Million   Source: Against Crony Capitalism 

Golf, as I have written before is a wonderful game. It is a thinking persons game. It is profoundly challenging and one can play it practically until they cart you away to the afterlife clubhouse. That Obama also likes golf is one of the few things on which he and I could (in theory) relate. (My usual go to with my 'progressive' friends is classic rock. If one can drink a beer, keep one's politics in check for a couple of hours and talk T-Rex and The Kinks we can be friends.) That he has played as much golf as he has in his presidency I also see as a positive. I'd rather have him wandering the fairways than getting all 'inspired' back in the White House. 
But a $3.6 million golf trip in the taxpayer's dime is just insulting. 
(From Mediaite) 
In February 2013, President Obama took a four-day golf vacation to Florida where he played a round with Tiger Woods , and took a lesson from Woods's former coach, Butch Harmon . 
A new report from The Washington Times says that the long weekend getaway cost taxpayers $3.6 million .
ARTICLE

Trending Articles: Trending Articles: 'This is slavery': U.S. inmates strike in what activists call one of the biggest prison protests in modern history Published: October 28, 2016 Source: La Times 
In his 29 years in prison, David Bonner has mopped floors, cooked hot dogs in the cafeteria and, most recently, cut sheets of aluminum into Alabama license plates. 
The last job paid $2 a day 'î enough to buy a bar of soap at the commissary or make a short phone call. 
"This is slavery," said Bonner, who is 51 and serving a life sentence for murder. "We're forced to work these jobs and we get barely anything.' 
He was speaking on a mobile phone smuggled into his 8-by-12 foot cell in Alabama's Holman Correctional Facility, where he and dozens of other inmates were on strike. 
They're among a growing national movement of prisoners who have staged work stoppages or hunger strikes this fall to protest dismal wages, abusive guards, overcrowding and poor healthcare, among other grievances. 
Prisoners' rights activists say the coordinated effort is one of the largest prison protests in modern history, drawing in at least 20,000 inmates in at least 24 prisons in 23 states. 
Corrections officials have confirmed inmate protests in Michigan, South Carolina and Florida since early September. In California, at least 300 inmates have been involved in hunger strikes at jails in Santa Clara and Merced counties. 
In several states, including Virginia, Ohio and Texas, officials have denied claims by activists that strikes have occurred. 
Alabama officials acknowledged the protest at the Holman prison, 52 miles northeast of Mobile, though they said it was limited to a one-day strike by 60 inmates who worked in the kitchen and license plate plant 'î far less extensive than the 10-plus days in September and October that activists described. 
"I know there are inmates who are saying there is this big, wide work stoppage but that is just not the case," said Alabama Dept. of Corrections spokesman Bob Horton. 
Horton denied inmate reports that the prison had been on lockdown in response to strikes, which he described as "peaceful." But he also said he understood some of prisoners' complaints about living conditions. Holman is "overcrowded and understaffed," Horton said, adding that state officials were working to fix the problem.
ARTICLE

Schools All Over America Are Closing On Election Day Due To Fears Of Violence 
Will this be the most chaotic election day in modern American history? All across the nation, schools are being closed on election day due to safety fears. Traditionally, schools have been very popular as voting locations because they can accommodate a lot of people, they usually have lots of parking, and everyone in the community knows where they are and can usually get to them fairly easily. But now there is a big movement to remove voting from schools or to shut schools down on election day so that children are not present when voting takes place. According to Fox News, 'voting has been removed or classes have been canceled on Election Day at schools in Illinois, Maine, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and elsewhere.' Just a couple days ago, I shared with you a survey that found that 51 percent of all Americans are concerned about violence happening on election day, and all of these schools closing is just another sign of how on edge much of the population is as we approach November 8th.
ARTICLE


ARTICLE

Facebook says users can't stop it from using biometric data   Bloomberg 
Facebook Inc.'s software knows your face almost as well as your mother does. And like mom, it isn't asking your permission to do what it wants with old photos. 
While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there's something devious afoot are trying to block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. 
As advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the world's largest social network and search engine have sold users' viewing histories for advertising. The companies insist that gathering data on what you look like isn't against the law, even without your permission. 
If judges agree with Facebook and Google, they may be able to kill off lawsuits filed under a unique Illinois law that carries fines of $1,000 to $5,000 each time a person's image is used without permission -- big enough for a liability headache if claims on behalf of millions of consumers proceed as class actions. A loss by the companies could lead to new restrictions on using biometrics in the U.S., similar to those in Europe and Canada.
ARTICLE

New Emails in Clinton Case Came From Devices Once Used by Anthony Weiner   NY Times A new trove of emails that appear pertinent to the now-closed investigation into Hillary Clinton 's private email server was discovered after the F.B.I. seized at least one electronic device shared by Anthony D. Weiner and his estranged wife, Huma Abedin, a top aide to Mrs. Clinton, federal law enforcement officials said Friday. The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner, a former Democratic congressman from New York, sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case 'î one federal official said they numbered in the tens of thousands 'î potentially reigniting an issue that has weighed on the presidential campaign and offering a lifeline to Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before the election. In a news conference in Des Moines, Mrs. Clinton called on the F.B.I. to release more information about what it had found 'without delay,' and insisted that she was confident there would be no change to the F.B.I.'s decision to drop the case last summer. 'The American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately,' she said. In a letter to Congress, the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, said that emails had surfaced in a case unrelated to the Clinton case, and that they 'appear to be pertinent to the investigation.'
ARTICLE

What is going on with WikiLeaks?   Defend Democracy 
WikiLeaks director and founder of the Centre for Investigative Journalism Gavin MacFadyen has died at age 76. The cause of death is yet unknown. His 'fellows in arms' have flocked online to post their farewells, including WikiLeaks co-founder Julian Assange. 
' We are extremely sad to announce the death of Gavin MacFadyen, CIJ's Founder, Director and its leading light ,' the Centre for Investigative Journalism team wrote on its Twitter. 
MacFadyen was a pioneering investigative journalist and filmmaker, who back in 2003 founded the Centre for Investigative Journalism (CIJ), an organization that helped break several major stories and has trained a number of prominent journalists. 
Gavin Macfadyen was mentor to Assange (and his closest friend in London), to WikiLeaks' Sarah Harrison, Joseph Farrell and many others. 
'î WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) 4:03 AM 'ì 23 Oct 2016 
He was a mentor and friend to famous whistleblower and co-founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange, as well as the director of the publication. Paying tribute to their head, WikiLeaks published a post on the group's Twitter account saying MacFadyen ' now takes his fists and his fight to battle God .' 
The post is signed ' JA ,' indicating that the phrase belongs directly to Julian Assange, with WikiLeaks claiming that, despite the whistleblower being deprived of internet access in his suite in the Ecuadorian embassy for a week now, he has been able to contact them and is ' still in full command. ' 
The CIJ team also published an address from MacFadyen's wife and member of Julian Assange's Defense Fund, Susan Benn, who described her husband as a ' larger-than-life person, ' with gratitude and respect. 
' He was the model of what a journalist should be'¶ He spearheaded the creation of a journalistic landscape which has irrevocably lifted the bar for ethical and hard-hitting reporting. Gavin worked tirelessly to hold power to account. 
'His life and how he lived it were completely in sync with the principles that he held dear and practiced as a journalist and educator 'ì to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable, ' Benn wrote . 
Recounting her husband's achievements, she said he had produced and directed more than 50 investigative documentaries covering diverse and multiple countries and problems. She also noted that he had been banned from apartheid South Africa and the Soviet Union for his investigative work, and was also attacked by British Neo-Nazis. 
In his professional career, MacFadyen shed light on topics like child labor, pollution, the torture of political prisoners, neo-Nazis in Britain, UK industrial accidents, Contra murders in Nicaragua, the CIA, maritime piracy, election fraud in South America, South African mines, as well as many others. He worked on investigative television programs for PBS's Frontline, Granada Television's World in Action, the BBC's Fine Cut, Panorama, The Money Programme, and 24 Hours, as well as Channel 4's Dispatches. 
The cause of MacFadyen's death has not yet been made public. In the original post from his wife Susan, she wrote that he had died from ' a short illness, ' but that line has now been removed. 
Did you know: Gavin Macfadyen was arrested with Bernie Sanders, was a body double for Nick Nolte & was banned from South Africa & the USSR? 
'î WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) 4:20 AM 'ì 23 Oct 2016 
Twitter has been full of tributes from his colleagues and like-minded people. Even the hacktivist organization Anonymous has spoken out. Gavin MacFadyen, always kind & supportive of young journalists & filmmakers. Can never forget your booming laugh. Thank you my friend. 
Earlier this year, MacFadyen gave an interview to RT's Going Underground program to talk about the publication of leaks related to US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, the most recent of which have been emails from the account of her aid, John Podesta. The barrage of sometimes shocking revelations has proven to be a bit of a thorn in the side for Clinton's election campaign. In the interview, he said that the documents released so far are merely a drop in the ocean of the information WikiLeaks is receiving, and was hopeful that while ' there's only one known Snowden, ' there may be other whistleblowers who will keep shedding light on injustice and other major global pain points.
ARTICLE

Congress: Attorney General Lynch 'Pleads Fifth' on Secret Iran 'Ransom' Payments   Free Beacon 
Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by leading members of Congress about the Obama administration's secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has 'pleaded the Fifth' Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments, according to lawmakers and communications exclusively obtained by the Washington Free Beacon . 
Sen. Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) and Rep. Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.) initially presented Lynch in October with a series of questions about how the cash payment to Iran was approved and delivered. 
In an Oct. 24 response , Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik responded on Lynch's behalf, refusing to answer the questions and informing the lawmakers that they are barred from publicly disclosing any details about the cash payment, which was bound up in a ransom deal aimed at freeing several American hostages from Iran. 
The response from the attorney general's office is 'unacceptable' and provides evidence that Lynch has chosen to 'essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries regarding [her] role in providing cash to the world's foremost state sponsor of terrorism,' Rubio and Pompeo wrote on Friday in a follow-up letter to Lynch, according to a copy obtained by the Free Beacon . 
The inquiry launched by the lawmakers is just one of several concurrent ongoing congressional probes aimed at unearthing a full accounting of the administration's secret negotiations with Iran.
ARTICLE

Blockbuster Audio From '06 of Hillary Proposing RIGGING Palestine Election   Observer 

On September 5, 2006, Eli Chomsky was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press, and Hillary Clinton was running for a shoo-in re-election as a U.S. senator. Her trip making the rounds of editorial boards brought her to Brooklyn to meet the editorial board of the Jewish Press.The tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Chomsky, his old-school audiocassette is the only existent copy and no one has heard it since 2006, until today when he played it for the Observer.The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, such as analysis of the re-election battle that Sen. Joe Lieberman was then facing in Connecticut. But a seemingly throwaway remark about elections in areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority has taken on new relevance amid persistent accusations in the presidential campaign by Clinton's Republican opponent Donald Trump that the current election is 'rigged.'Hillary Clinton listens to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speak during the third U.S. presidential debate at the Thomas & Mack Center on October 19, 2016 in Las Vegas, Nevada.Hillary Clinton listens to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speak during the third U.S. presidential debate at the Thomas & Mack Center on October 19, 2016 in Las Vegas, Nevada.Speaking to the Jewish Press about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats).'I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,' said Sen. Clinton. 'And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.'
ARTICLE

Unprecedented Surge In Election Fraud Incidents From Around The Country   Zero Hedge 
Mounting evidence would suggest it's getting more and more difficult for the left to claim that there are "no signs" of fraud in the 2016 election cycle...though we're sure they will continue to try. Just this morning the Miami Herald noted that two arrests were made in Miami-Dade county on election fraud charges including efforts by one woman to illegally register voters (some of whom were dead...a recurring theme this election cycle) while another 74-year-old election worker was charged with actually " illegally marking ballots" . 
A 74-year-old woman tasked with opening envelopes sent by Miami-Dade County voters with their completed mail ballots was arrested Friday after co-workers caught her illegally marking ballots, resulting in an unknown 'î but small 'î number of fraudulent votes being cast for mayoral candidate Raquel Regalado. 

Investigators linked Gladys Coego, a temporary worker for the county elections department, to two fraudulent votes, but they suspect from witness testimony that she submitted several more. 

In a separate election-fraud case, authorities also arrested a second woman for unlawfully filling out voter-registration forms on behalf of United for Care, the campaign to legalize medical marijuana in Florida. 

The Miami-Dade state attorney's office plans to accuse Tomika Curgil, 33, of filling out forms for five people without their consent. She also submitted at least 17 forms for people who apparently don't exist 'î and several forms for people who are dead. 

Police officers arrested Curgil at her Liberty City home Friday morning and intend to charge her with five felony counts of submitting false voter-registration information. 
Miami-Dade State Attorney Katherine Fern√°ndez Rundle was quick to praise the "swift arrest of the wrongdoers" and ensure voters of the " integrity of the electoral process." That said, we, like many others, wonder just how many similar cases of election fraud will go unnoticed between now and election day. 
'Our law enforcement effort against these election law violators was swift and resulted in an immediate arrest of the wrongdoers,' Miami-Dade State Attorney Katherine Fern√°ndez Rundle, a Democrat, said in a statement. 'The elections department was quick to detect and report these violations to our task force. 

'Anyone who attempts to undermine the democratic process should recognize that there is an enforcement partnership between the elections department and our prosecution task force in place to thwart such efforts and arrest those involved. Now we need to move forward with the election.' 

'I want to ensure the voters of Miami-Dade County that the integrity of the electoral process is intact because our procedures work,' White said in a statement. 'While disappointed by these incidents, I am very proud of the safeguards the Elections Department has in place to prevent these fraudulent attempts, and I commend the employees who remained vigilant just as they were trained to do.' 
Meanwhile, Florida isn't the only state with fraud problems as an NBC affiliate in Virginia is reporting that a former resident of Alexandia was also arrested after being caught creating fictitious voter registrations and faces up to 40 years in prison. Of course, Virginia, run by long-time Clinton confidant Terry McAuliffe, is no stranger to election fraud as one democratic organization was already caught earlier this month re-registering dead voters . 
A former resident of Alexandria, Virginia, is facing up to 40 years in prison after he allegedly used fake names to fill out voter registration applications. 

Vafalay Massaquoi, 30, is facing four felony charges related to allegations of voter registration fraud , the Commonwealth's Attorney's Office said. Each charge carries a maximum of 10 years in prison. 

In the spring of 2016, Massaquoi was registering new voters as an employee of a local advocacy group. According to the Commonwealth's Attorney, Massaquoi fabricated applications and used fake names to fill out the registration forms. 

The fake applications were filed with the Alexandria Office of the General Registrar, who reported the issue to Commonwealth's Attorney Bryan Porter. 
All of these reports simply add fuel to the fire of Trump who has been relentlessly attacking the "rigged" elections for the past several weeks. The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD 
'î Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016 'Obama Warned Of Rigged Elections In 2008.' Time to #DrainTheSwamp https://t.co/AkczH8l0FJ pic.twitter.com/7mIkwAHTuV 
'î Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 25, 2016 

Of course, these are just a few of the people who have actually been caught for their election "rigging" efforts. Meanwhile, there have seemingly been an unlimited number of other fraud cases pop up around the country involving everything from illegal voter registrations to dead people voting. In fact, a recent report from CBS Chicago found that over 100 dead Chicagoans had voted 229 times over the past decade. 
Susie Sallee was buried in 1998. Yet records show she voted in Chicago 12 years later. 

Victor Crosswell died in 1994, but records show he's voted six times since then. 

And then there's Floyd Stevens. Records show he's voted 11 times since his death in 1993. 

'It's crazy,' Sharon Stevens Anderson, Stevens' daughter, tells CBS 2's Pam Zekman. 'I don't see how people can be able to do something like that and get away with it.' 

Those are just a few of the cases CBS 2 Investigators found by merging Chicago Board of Election voter histories with the death master file from the Social Security Administration. 

In all, the analysis showed 119 dead people have voted a total of 229 times in Chicago in the last decade. 

Moreover, an ABC affiliate in Philadelphia uncovered similar instances of dead voters in the "City of Brotherly Love." 
So, Action News dug through a decade's worth of election and death records to see if there was any truth to the claim. 

Some of what Action News investigation found was stunning. 

Pezzano passed in 2006 . But state voting records show the South Philadelphia native still listed as an "Active Voter" who cast ballots in 2008, 2012, 2014, and the 2016 primary election. 

Our investigation also found Joseph B. Haggarty resting peacefully in a Bucks County cemetery. His grave marker confirmed he died in 2010, but records show he voted five years after his death. 

Action News also found Paul Bunch, who died in 2006, also cast a vote in this year's primary which was nearly ten years after death records show he died. 

But, while all of this may seem shocking, in due time, we're confident these arrests and all other instances dead people voting, etc. will be seen for what they really are, namely another blatant attempt to suppress low-income and minority votes. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

John Podesta's Sister-in-Law Lobbied For Raytheon While Hillary Was Secretary of State   Michael Krieger, Liberty Blitzkrieg 
The Podesta family seems particularly adept at earning extraordinary sums of money via selling out the American public. Earlier this year, I highlighted how John Podesta's brother Tony was paid $140,000 per month by the medieval monarchy of Saudi Arabia. After all, who cares about women's rights when the pay is good? 
Here's a excerpt from the post, 'Getting Things Done''ì The Brother of Hillary Clinton's Campaign Chair is a Major Lobbyist for Saudi Arabia : 
The kingdom employs a total of eight American firms that perform lobbying, consulting, public relations and legal work. 
Five of the firms work for the Saudi Arabia Embassy, while another two 'î Podesta Group and BGR Group 'î have registered to represent the Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court, an arm of the government. PR giant Edelman, meanwhile, is working for the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority to encourage international investment. 
The Podesta Group is billing Saudi Arabia $140,000 a month for its public relations services. During the last few months of 2015, it sent 27 emails, had two phone calls and one meeting with lawmakers and staffers, journalists, and organizations including Human Rights Watch and the Center for American Progress, disclosure forms show. 
DLA Piper receives $50,000 a month from the kingdom and sent hundreds of emails to top congressional staffers between September and the end of February regarding meeting requests and, more generally, 'issues affecting U.S.-Saudi Arabia national security interests.' 
Notice the firm DLA Piper mentioned above. You'll want to remember that for later. 
Moving along, the Podestas are diligent about making sure everyone gets to feed at the trough, including extended family. 
As James Rosen of Fox News uncovers: 
Amid the tumult of the 2016 presidential campaign, John Podesta is best known as Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman and the individual from whose private account WikiLeaks is presently publishing some 50,000 hacked emails. 
For several months in 2012, Clinton's final year as secretary of state, Raytheon, the leading defense contractor, hired Podesta's sister-in-law, Heather Podesta, as a lobbyist, federal records show. 
Raytheon was looking to enlarge its share of foreign military sales 'ì transfers of advanced weapons systems to other countries that are reviewed and approved by the Department of State, then implemented by the Department of Defense 'ì and was beefing up its lobbying operation to accomplish that goal before Secretary Clinton left office. 
At the same time, Raytheon retained two other lobbyists, John Merrigan and Matt Bernstein, both associated with the powerhouse D.C. law firm DLA Piper. All three of these lobbyists, including Ms. Podesta, were major donors or bundlers to Hillary Clinton's 2008 and 2016 campaigns. Federal records show they have raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for Clinton's campaigns and earned hundreds of thousands of dollars lobbying her State Department. 
There's DLA Piper again. They appears to have their fingers in all realms of the military-industrial complex cookie jar. 
In the final three quarters of 2012, DLA Piper earned some $360,000 in lobbying fees from Raytheon, courting the State Department and other agencies, while Ms. Podesta, within that same time frame, received $100,000 from Raytheon for the same purpose. 
The gambit appears to have worked: Records maintained by the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, the arm of the Defense Department that coordinates the transfers of weapons systems once they have received State's approval, show Raytheon as a prime contractor in at least seventeen foreign military sales in 2012, worth an estimated total of $26 billion. Of those contracts, three with the Gulf nation of Qatar 'ì for missile defense, Apache attack helicopters and other materiel 'ì accounted for $19 billion. 
The individual at the State Department who was statutorily entrusted to approve foreign military sales was Andrew Shapiro, the assistant secretary of state for political and military affairs. Prior to his nomination to that job, Shapiro had served as Clinton's national security adviser in her Senate office. Today, Shapiro is a partner in a Washington consulting firm whose other co-founders include Philippe Reines, Clinton's longtime press aide. 
You starting to see how all this works? 
The firm mentioned above is Beacon Global Strategies, and I covered them in this summer's post: New York Times Fails to Disclose Op-Ed Writer's Ties to Hillary Clinton's 'Principal Gatekeeper' . 
After Clinton stepped down as secretary of state in February 2013, Raytheon discontinued the services of Heather Podesta + Partners, and ceased its use of DLA Piper at State. 
While experts do not believe any laws were broken, the affair illustrates how Washington worked in the first Obama term, and particularly at the Clinton State Department. The Raytheon operation bears some similarity to a pop-up store that materializes to serve a seasonal need, such as Halloween candy or July Fourth fireworks, then vanishes once that need has been met. 
Simply incredible. 
'I think this is as close an example of pay-to-play as we've seen,' said Raj Shah, deputy communications director at the Republican National Committee. 'And that's why [Raytheon] made these hires [of Heather Podesta, Merrigan and Bernstein]. '¶ Their experience was getting access to Hillary Clinton and raising money for her.' 
But hey'¶
ARTICLE

European Union Offers a Million Debit Cards for Syrian Refugees in Turkey   Breitbart 
In an effort to keep more Syrian migrants from flooding into Europe, the European Union (EU) is providing funding for a million debit cards for Syrian refugees in Turkey. 
Turkey is currently home to some 3 million Syrian migrants who have been prevented from traveling to Europe thanks to an accord between the EU and the Turkish government that went into effect last March. 
Life in Turkey for many of the migrants is reportedly very harsh, and their presence has also placed an added economic burden on their host country. To combat both of these problems the EU has launched an ambitious aid program of more than $375 million, targeting a million of the neediest Syrians in Turkey. 
The debit cards , called the Kizilay card (Turkish for 'Red Crescent'), are meant to ease the economic burden on Syrian migrants as well as provide a substantial cash injection into the Turkish economy. 
The cards can be used to buy virtually anything'îfood, medicine or clothing'îor redeemed for cash. According to Red Crescent's Director General Mehmet Gulluoglu, they will allow refugees living outside camps to spend or redeem up to 100 Turkish lira a month, or about $30 for each registered family member. 
'They can pay their rents, pay their bills or for food, whatever they need,' Gulluoglu said. 'Because it will be certain, it will be concrete and it will be regular support.' 
Recipients for the card are being chosen based on need, according to EU Humanitarian Aid Commissioner Christos Stylianides. 
'They will get monthly cash transfers to the card. And of course they will be able to buy what they need to put bread on the table for their families, to provide a roof for their families, to send their children to school instead of being forced to send them to work,' he said.
ARTICLE

"Top Five Clinton Donors Are Jewish" - How Anti-Semitic Is This Fact? Published: October 29, 2016 Source: Moon of Alabama 
Top five Clinton donors Are Jewish, campaign tally shows. 
Something is wrong with the above statement. Isn't it anti-semitic? Did Trump say that? Readers of that statement may assume, somewhat reasonably, that there is a club of rich Jewish people controlling the Clinton campaign and, maybe, Clinton herself. That sounds like it was taken from the fake Protocols of the Elders of Zion. It clearly must be anti-semitic. 
It is also true . 
Facts have no bias. They can't be anti-semitic (or can they?). But while facts as such can not have a racial-religious bias, openly stating them surely can. Thus the above statement is anti-semitic. The fact itself isn't bad, reporting it publicly is bad, bad, bad. 
Who but an alt-right rag would report such at all? And for what purpose if not for spreading anti-semitism? 
Well - quot licet jovi, ... 
Jewish papers are of course allowed to report such a fact. That isn't anti-semitic. It is solely to brag about Jewish powers. Within the club that is not only allowed, but welcome. Thus Haaretz writes (sourced to the the Jewish Telegraph Agency) under the identity defining headline at the top of this post: Haim Saban, George Soros and others stand at the head of a list of wealthy donors who contributed mainly via super PACs. 
The Washington Post analysis, posted October 24, named the top donors, who are contributing $1 of every $17 of the over $1 billion amassed for the Democratic nominee's presidential run. 
They are Donald Sussman, a hedge fund manager; J.B. Pritzker, a venture capitalist, and his wife, M.K.; Haim Saban, the Israeli-American entertainment mogul, and his wife, Cheryl; George Soros, another hedge funder and a major backer of liberal causes, and Daniel Abraham, a backer of liberal pro-Israel causes and the founder of SlimFast. 
Many of the big Clinton campaign donors also give to the Clinton Foundation which at times is a washing machine to put money into the Clinton's private accounts. It is kind of difficult to understand where Clinton Inc begins and where it ends. Campaign funds, Clinton foundation, speech fees, private accounts - does it even matter? Surely those who pay, to whatever Clinton entity, expect a service in return. Given the Clinton's occupations as Senator, Secretary of State and President the ask in return is unlikely to be commercial. It will be political. 
And here is why it matters that the five top donors to Clinton's campaign are Jewish, and all big supporters of Israel. (Haim Saban: "I'm a one-issue guy, and my issue is Israel.") They surely will ask for political favors in the interest of the Zionist entity. This is also the reason why Haaretz, an Israeli paper, finds the strong racial-religious bias at the top Clinton campaign tally newsworthy. Big money paid to a Clinton entity can directly effect U.S. policies towards Israel. It buys its acquiescence to Israeli escapades even when those are not consistent U.S. interests. 
Clinton's positions towards Syria, Iran and Russia (which limits Israel's freedom of action) are surely not independent of Israeli interests. 
But that is of course, anti-semitic speculation ...
ARTICLE

Treasury, Bank of England and IMF Brexit forecasts proved wrong Published: October 29, 2016 Source: Express UK 
THE Treasury, Bank of England and International Monetary Fund (IMF) are among the self-appointed anti-Brexit so-called economics experts who keep getting their forecasts WRONG. The IMF were among the institutions that forecast an economic disaster if Britain voted to Brexit 
Establishment institutions, as well as global investment banks, issued united and terrifying warnings of economic disaster if Britain opted out of the European Union (EU), in an effort to sway the public into voting to Remain. 
Yet figures released yesterday showed booming Britain's economy grew by 0.5 per cent in the three months after the vote, providing the crowning piece of unarguable evidence that the vote to leave did not negatively impact the UK. 
The Treasury, under the leadership of George Osborne, had predicted Britain would fall into immediate recession after a Brexit vote, with GDP coming in at -0.1 per cent in the third quarter of 2016. 
But yesterday the Treasury admitted the claim had been based on GUESSWORK which turned out to be wholly ill-informed. 
Despite the rank amateurism and inaccuracy of almost all forecasts since Brexit a negative report on Britain's economic competence 'ì and since Brexit they have almost ALL been negative 'ì risks serious harm to the welfare of the nation. 
The IMF said Brexit could reduce the UK economy by as much as 9.5 per cent, and added that Britain could expect "sizeable" long-term losses in income. 
Head of the IMF Christine Lagarde had the audacity to say she could not see ANYTHING positive to come from leaving the EU and an exit could have "particularly severe" consequences. 
Ms Lagarde added that interest rates could also rise sharply in the event of leaving Europe, which would negatively impact on households with high debts.
ARTICLE

Venezuela Throws In The Towel On Hyperinflation: Will Print 200x Higher-Denominated Bills   Zero Hedge 
While several years ago it was perhaps debatable in polite society that Venezuela's socialist economy would collapse ultimately unleashing hyperinflation, any doubt was put to rest early this year when the IMF's own inflationary forecast confirmed as much. 
However, while the international community had long accepted the inevitable fate of Maduro's socialist paradise, the local government sternly refused to admit reality and to avoid confirming what the local population already knew, it insisted on keeping the highest denomination bill in circulation at 100 bolivars, whose worth is approximately 8 cents on the black market, turning the most basic transactions into logistical nightmares and saddling banks with crippling money-handling costs. Economists and central bank employees say Mr. Maduro didn't want to acknowledge the country's inflation problem by printing bigger notes. 
This has finally changed, and as the WSJ reports , Venezuela's government, slammed by hyperinflation has finally thrown in the towel, and is planning to issue new bills in December with larger denominations'îup to 200 times higher than the current biggest bill, according to people familiar with the plans. The move marks an implicit acknowledgment by the government that skyrocketing prices have slashed the value of the currency 
The new coins and notes will go up to 20,000 bolivars, according to people close to the central bank, the finance ministry, the country's banks and bill suppliers. This would make the biggest note worth $15 on the black market. 
And since by doing so the government will tacitly admit that it has lost control over prices, It will also create a self-fulfilling prophecy of even higher prices, sending the country's hyperinflation into overdrive. 
As the WSJ adds, earlier this year, the government began informally allowing shops in the outer provinces to sell food at free market prices, reducing shortages at the cost of higher inflation, which the International Monetary Fund expects to rise above 1,600% next year. Further liberalization followed after the state oil company gradually rolled out higher-priced gasoline at gas stations in the border regions to reduce the cost of subsidizing the cheapest car fuel in the world, according to the company's executives. 
Venezuela's loss, however, is a big gain for the companies contracted to print the money: 
In recent weeks, several companies, including U.K.-based De La Rue, the world's largest commercial printer, won contracts to print the new set of notes, which the government wants in time for the annual December spending spree, according to a person familiar with contract negotiations. 
'It's a very big deal. It's a big package,' the person said. 
Meanwhile, the central bank remains stuck in denial and hasn't published price statistics for almost two years. Instead, Mr. Maduro has blamed the skyrocketing prices on the 'economic war' waged against his government by shopkeepers and financiers. This has forced people to brave one of the world's highest crime rates by shopping with backpacks full of cash and spend hours lining up outside ATMs, which give out less than $10 per withdrawal. Many provincial banks have reduced daily withdrawals to 30,000 bolivars, which would buy a Venezuelan couple a lunch at a mid-scale restaurant. 
Amusingly, as we reported last year, the high demand for nearly worthless currency notes has also presented a financial burden for the cash-strapped government, which also lacks raw materials to print its own money. Since last year, Venezuela has had to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to printing companies to feed its economy with bolivar currency. The shipments arrived to Venezuela from private printing presses around the world on several dozen windowless Boeing 747 jets. Given the crime risks, the air shipments arrive at the Caracas airport at night before the notes are loaded onto armored trucks and transported to the central bank vaults in Caracas, protected on the 18-mile route by soldiers. 
Indicatively, a fully stocked ATM is emptied in just three and a half hours on average now, according to the Venezuelan Banking Association. 
The good news for the insolvent nation is that all local denominated debts are now just as worthless as the currency, which incidentally is what the BOJ's Kuroda would call: mission accomplished. 
Sadly, Venezuela is the canary in the coalmine for what will happen to all currencies in a world where there is now simply too much debt.
ARTICLE

NSA contractor accused of spying stole real names of US undercover officers   Intel News 
Classified information stolen by a United States federal contractor, who was charged with espionage last month, includes the true identities of American intelligence officers posted in undercover assignments abroad, according to court documents. In August of this year, Harold Thomas Martin III, was arrested by the Federal Bureau of Investigation on charges of stealing government property and illegally removing classified material. Martin, 51, served as a US Navy officer for over a decade, where he acquired a top secret clearance and specialized in cyber security. At the time of his arrest earlier this year, he was working for Booz Allen Hamilton, one of the largest federal contractors in the US. Some media reports said Martin was a member of the National Security Agency's Office of Tailored Access Operations, described by observers as an elite 'hacker army' tasked with conducting offensive cyber espionage against foreign targets. 
Last week, after prosecutors alleged that the information Martin removed from the NSA was the equivalent of 500 million pages, a judge in the US state of Maryland ruled that the accused might flee if he is released on bail. Soon afterwards, Martin's legal team filed a motion asking the judge to reconsider his decision to deny him bail. That prompted a new filing by the prosecution, which was delivered to the court on Thursday. The document alleges that the information found in Martin's home and car includes 'numerous names' of American intelligence officers who currently 'operate under cover outside the US'. The court filing adds that Martin's removal of the documents from secure government facilities constitutes 'a security breach that risks exposure of American intelligence operations' and 'could endanger the lives' of undercover intelligence officers and their agents abroad. 
It is alleged that Martin told the FBI he never shared classified information with anyone, and that he removed it from his office at the NSA in order to deepen his expertise on his subject. His legal team argues that Martin suffers from a mental condition that compels him to be a hoarder. But prosecutors for the government argue in court documents that Martin appears to have communicated via the Internet with Russian speakers, and that he was learning Russian at the time of his arrest. The case is expected to be tried later this year.
ARTICLE

French citizens killed in Malta plane crash were intelligence officers   Intel News 
Despite initial denials, it appears that at least three of the five French citizens who were killed in an airplane crash in Malta earlier this week were employees of the country's external intelligence agency. The crash happened in the early hours of Monday near the village of Luqa in southern Malta. Early reports identified that the plane as a light aircraft and was carrying five French citizens when it crashed, shortly after taking off from the nearby Malta International Airport. Initial statements from Maltese and French government officials said the plane was on a local flight route and had not been scheduled to land outside of the Mediterranean island. The five passengers were identified in press statements as 'customs officers' who were conducting a joint project with their Maltese counterparts. 
Subsequent reports in the French media , however, said that at least three of the five French passengers who perished in the crash were officers of the General Directorate for External Security, France's external intelligence agency, which goes by the initials DGSE. It is also believed that the airplane was registered in the United States and was operated by a Luxembourg-based company. Reports from Libya state that the plane's mission is 'shrouded in mystery'. Some articles suggest that it was heading to the city of Misrata in northern Libya, or that it may have been conducting a reconnaissance operation over the Mediterranean, aimed at gathering intelligence on smuggling activities originating from Libya. 
The French intelligence services are known to be active on the ground in Libya, where several Sunni Islamist groups, including the Islamic State, control territory. In July of this year, Paris acknowledged for the first time that it had Special Forces and intelligence operatives in Libya, after three DGSE officers were killed in a helicopter crash in the North African country. The latest air crash was not preceded by an explosion, according to French media. The French government has launched an investigation into the incident.
ARTICLE

FBI Found "Tens Of Thousands Of Emails" Belonging To Huma Abedin On Weiner's Laptop   Zero Hedge 
With furious Democrats - and the Clinton Campaign - now openly blasting the FBI's reopened investigation (as Republicans take delight for once in having a government agency reinforce their side of events), the question turns to just what emails were found on Weiner's laptop, and how damaging their contents are for the FBI to take the unprecedented step of "intervening" in a major political event just days before the national election. 
We first laid what was the most likely explanation yesterday , when we showed several examples of Huma Abedin emails being sent from her work email account to her personal account at , courtesy of a Judicial Watch FOIA release. Of the more than 160 emails in the latest Judicial Watch release, some 110 emails 'ì two-thirds of the total 'ì were forwarded by Abedin to two personal addresses she controlled. The Washington Times reported in August 2015 that the State Department had admitted to a federal judge that Abedin and Mills used personal email accounts to conduct government business in addition to Clinton's private clintonemail.com to transact State Department business. 
One email from May 15, 2009, was sent by Abedin from her State Department email to her personal email. Abedin was archiving in her personal email account an email Hillary Clinton sent her from Clinton's private email server at . Abedin was asked to print out attachments to an email Mills sent via a private address the previous day to Clinton involving 'timetables and deliverables' for her review via Alec Ross, a technology policy expert who then held the title of senior adviser for innovation to Secretary Clinton. 
However, while forwarding Hillary's emails to her personal email server for "convenience" is one thing, what is more troubling is the amount of redaction involved in these emails which migrated to the open email account, which as we now know ended up in Anthony Weiner's computer: in the above example, the two pages of timetables and deliverables attached to the email were 100 percent redacted, with 'PAGE DENIED' stamped across the first redacted page. 
An argument can be made that the extensive redaction confirms confidential material was part of the transmission. 
This is a nuanced point being pushed by Hillary Clinton supporters such as Newsweek's Kurt Eichenwald, who in an article yesterday tried to make a case citing "sources" (even though the FBI said that nobody has seen the content of the Weiner/Abedin emails), that " no emails being examined by FBI were to or from Clinton ." No emails being examined by FBI were to or from Clinton. All of this has to do with procedures followed by an aide. https://t.co/mcsBi7j7XU 
'î Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 
It remains to be seen just what is in the emails, although whether Hillary sent emails with confidential content herself, or directed, or simply allowed her closest aide, Huma Abedin to forward such emails to her outside unsecured email address (where they subsequently ended up on Anthony Weiner's notebook), is what this latest case will be all about and how it will be defended and prosecuted in the media, by the water coolers and perhaps, in court. 
However, we do know one thing: according to the NYT , the number of Huma emails that made their way to Weiner's PC was staggering: 
The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner, a former Democratic congressman from New York, sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case 'î one federal official said they numbered in the tens of thousand 
Which brings up two more critical questions: i) when she was questioned by the FBI over the summer, did Huma reveal and admit the existence of these "thousands" of emails located on a personal, home computer, and ii) will the FBI be able to comb through everything in the next 10 days ahead of the election? If the answer to the second question is no, will the US presidential election really take place with one candidate currently under FBI investigation, one which could potentially lead to impeachment proceedings within weeks or days of her being elected president? 
Still, the biggest irony in this latest debacle is that it was largely predicted by Donald Trump himself back in August of 2015. It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary's private illegal emails. Huma's PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world. 
'î Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 3, 2015 Share This Article...
ARTICLE

In Leaked Memo, James Comey Explains Why FBI Told Congress About Reopened Clinton Probe   Zero Hedge 
Having been the whipping boy of Republicans everywhere since July, following his announcement the FBI would not recommend charges against Hillary Clinton, then shockingly making the "most hated list" of every Democrat with the even more stunning news the FBI had reopened its probe of Hillary Clinton, bureau director James Comey just can't seem to win. 
So in an attempt to justify his actions, a "leaked" memo emerged on Friday evening courtesy of Fox News , which explains why Comey took the unusual step of deciding to inform Congress that the FBI had reopened its investigation into Clinton's private email server. The memo reveals two main arguments: a sense of obligation to lawmakers and a concern that word of the new email discovery would leak to the media and raise questions of a coverup. 
These two arguments prompted the FBI director to release his brief letter to Congress on Friday and has sent the presidential race into a tailspin less than two weeks before Election Day. It placed Comey again at the center of a highly partisan argument over whether the nation's top law enforcement agency was unfairly influencing the campaign. 
In a memo explaining his decision to FBI employees soon after he sent his letter to Congress, Comey said he felt 'an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed.' He admitted that he broke with custom in alerting lawmakers that the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server was being reopened because of its political sensitivity. 
He further explained to FBI employees that 'Of course we don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed . I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record." 
What made this case special in Comey's eyes is that Clinton is seeking the White House in an election on Nov. 8. In other words, both internal pressure to preempt leaks (from disgruntled employees?) and a sense of "obligations" is why Hillary's campaign is in full damage control mode right now. 
'At the same time, however, given that we do not know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don't want to create a misleading impression,' Comey's letter continued. 'In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter, and in the middle of an election season, there is significant risk of being misunderstood, but I wanted you to hear directy from me about it.' 
As reported previously, the bombshell revelation that newly discovered emails had prompted a new look into whether Clinton or those around her had broken the law my mishandling sensitive information rocked the race for the White House Friday. Comey informed eight Republican lawmakers that new emails had surfaced that were relevant to the investigation, and warranted a new look. 
Comey announced in July that the FBI had wrapped up a year-long investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server for official business and concluded that while she was 'extremely careless,' he could not recommend that the Justice Department seek an indictment. The decision was blasted by Republicans, and FoxNews.com reported earlier this month that career DOJ and FBI workers were furious. 
Now, it is the democrats turn to rage at Comey and the FBI, although Comey likely did not have much choice: had he kept the information secret, it certainly would have leaked as we predicted; as such his best recourse was to come clean, although many have speculated about the cryptic nature of the disclosure. 
Needless to say, all Comey would need to do to regain the Demcorats' trust and favor is to announce in just a few days that nothing material has been found and that the second probe is also over.
ARTICLE

Three in Florida, Virginia charged with voter fraud   Reuters 
Officials in Florida and Virginia filed voter fraud charges against three people in apparently unrelated cases on Friday, just 11 days before American voters cast ballots in the hotly contested presidential race. 
The charges targeted a Florida woman and a Virginia man accused of filing bogus voter registration forms and a Florida woman alleged to have tampered with absentee ballots she was opening at the Miami-Dade Elections Department. 
In the Iowa capital of Des Moines, county election officials referred three cases of suspected voter fraud to police earlier this week, leading to one arrest on Thursday, police said. 
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has charged in recent weeks that the election will be rigged in favor of Democrat Hillary Clinton, though he has shown no proof for these claims and many Republicans have called them unfounded. 
Miami-Dade State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle in Florida said that 74-year-old Gladys Coego had been working as an absentee ballot opener when a supervisor allegedly saw her changing ballots that had been left blank to support a mayoral candidate. Prosecutors said that Coego admitted to marking the ballots and was charged with two felony counts of marking or designating the ballot of another.
ARTICLE

Yahoo eyes billboard that can spy on drivers inside their cars   Source: Silicon Beat 
Yahoo, under fire over this week's revelation that it helped the federal government spy on its users, has applied for two related patents describing a camera-equipped billboard that can spy on drivers. 
The patent applications, submitted in March 2015 and made public by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on Thursday, describe a billboard that has sensors including cameras, microphones and even retina scanners built in or positioned nearby. 
'Image or video data may be processed to determine whether any individuals looked directly at the advertising content (e.g., using image recognition and/or eye tracking techniques),' said the patent documents , which use much of the same language in describing the technology. 
Verbal reactions by passersby could be collected via microphones. 'Audio data captured by one or more microphones may be processed using speech recognition techniques to identify keywords relating to the advertising that are spoken by members of the audience,' the documents said. 'Image data or motion/proximity sensor data may be processed to determine whether any members of the audience paused or slowed down near the advertising content, from which it may be inferred that the pause or slowing was in response to the advertising content.'
ARTICLE

Social Media Blackout? FBI Emails Are Not 'Trending' On Twitter, Facebook, Buzzfeed, Or Snapchat   
They are not known as 'weapons of mass distraction' for nothing... 

In the 24 hours since FBI Director Comey dropped perhaps the biggest bombshell of the entire Presidential campaign, sending Democrats (and media) scrambling headless-chicken-like for answers (and blame-scaping), does anyone else find it odd that 'FBI Emails' does not appear to be a hot topic, trending, big deal on any social media? Snapchat..."Hot" Buzzfeed... "Trending Now" 
* * * 
As Liberty Blitzkrieg's Mike Krieger recently asked (and answered) , why are these things happening in the first place? 
Apple claims not to endorse candidates, but their actions suggest otherwise, and some of their executives - including CEO Tim Cook - actively support Clinton's campaign. Buzzfeed recently obtained an invitation to a private $50,000-per-plate fundraiser Cook is hosting for Clinton with his Apple colleague, Lisa Jackson, at the end of this month. 

Apple isn't the only corporation doing Clinton's bidding. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange said Clinton made a deal with Google and that the tech giant is 'directly engaged' in her campaign. It's been widely reported Clinton hired Eric Schmidt 'îchairman of Alphabet, the parent company of Google'îto set up a tech company called The Groundwork. Assange claims this was to ensure Clinton had the 'engineering talent to win the election.' He also pointed out that many members of Clinton's staff have worked for Google, and some of her former employees now work at Google. 
Twitter is another culprit. The company has gotten a lot of slack for banning conservatives and Trump supporters such as Breitbart's Milo Yiannopoulos and, most recently, rapper Azealia Banks after she came out in support of Trump. Twitter has provided vague answers as to why conservative voices have been banned while they've allowed other users to call for the killing of cops. 

Just yesterday, Buzzfeed revealed that the social media giant's top executive personally protected the President from seeing critical messages last year. 'In 2015, then-Twitter CEO Dick Costolo secretly ordered employees to filter out abusive and hateful replies to President Barack Obama.' 

The founders of some of the most popular pro-Trump Twitter handles - including @USAforTrump2016 and @WeNeedTrump'îinsist Twitter is censoring their content. They've pointed out that Twitter changes trending hashtags associated with negative tweets about Clinton (which has been reported before ). On August 4, shortly after the hashtag 'HillaryAccomplishment' began trending, it was taken over by anti-Clinton users, who used it to mention Benghazi or Emailgate. Eric Spracklen, @USAforTrump2016 founder, noticed the hashtag was quickly changed'îpluralized to #HillarysAccomplishments. 
Many people have pointed out the exact shenanigans described above for other Clinton-related hashtags. In fact, it's been my self-described progressive friends who have been most up in arms about it. 
'They take away the hashtag that has negative tweets for Clinton and replace it with something that doesn't so the average person doesn't see what was really trending,' Spracklen said. 'This happens every day.' 

This new strand, where one cannot even search for alternative viewpoints amid technology companies who stand to benefit from the free-trade policies and eased immigration regulations of a Clinton presidence, represents a dangerous sea change. There's absolutely no question the digital forums we use every day are censoring conservatives and favoring Clinton. You can't simply scroll through photos on Instagram, look for a video game in the App Store or do a quick Google search without being fed anti-Trump and pro-Clinton propaganda. 
Personally, I've definitely noticed a big-time pro-Clinton bias in my Twitter stream on a daily basis, and I don't follow people/organizations that would define themselves as overtly pro-Clinton. That's my honest perception, and I don't have a dog in this fight. 
* * *
ARTICLE

Trending Articles: Trending Articles: Clinton emails: FBI director ignored Attorney General's advice not to 'take action that could influence election'   Source: The Independent 
FBI director James Comey reportedly ignored the advice of Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who urged him not to thrust the controversy over Hillary Clinton's emails back into headlines less than a fortnight from election day. 
US Department of Justice officials, Democrats and even some Republicans were said to be aghast at the timing of the FBI's announcement, on Friday, that it was reviewing a fresh cache of emails, which Mr Comey said may be 'pertinent' to the investigation into Ms Clinton's use of a private email server during her tenure as Secretary of State. 
According to a report from the New Yorker , Ms Lynch 'expressed her preference' that Mr Comey uphold the Justice Department's 'longstanding practice of not commenting on ongoing investigations, and not taking any action that could influence the outcome of an election.' The FBI director, however, 'said that he felt compelled to do otherwise.' 
Writing in the Washington Post , former Justice Department spokesman Matthew Miller said Mr Comey's decision was a 'troubling violation of long-standing Justice Department rules or precedent, conduct that raises serious questions about his judgment and ability to serve as the nation's chief investigative official.' 
The emails were discovered 'in connection with an unrelated case,' the FBI director wrote in a letter to Republican congressional committee chairs on Friday. That separate case, it later emerged, concerns disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner , who is under investigation for allegedly sending explicit messages to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. 
Mr Weiner is the estranged husband of Ms Clinton's closest aide, Huma Abedin , and the emails were found on one or more electronic devices belonging to the couple, which had been seized as part of the Weiner probe. The FBI is now investigating whether those emails contained any classified information.
ARTICLE

"We Risk Being Collateral Damage In The Neocon Lust For War" Published: October 30, 2016 Source: Chris Martenson via PeakProsperity.com 
The winds of change are now swirling so rapidly that it's hard to make sense of what's happening. And adding to the confusion is an all-out effort by the establishment to convince the masses that, despite the multiplying signs of instability, "everything is fine". 
The deceptions surrounding us are now constant and impossible to avoid. How much longer will it take until a critical mass of the populace starts to see through the delusion? 
The stock and bond markets are rigged by central banks and their allies to go ever higher, enriching an elite few at the expense of everyone else. The mainstream media over-reports the inconsequential, and under-reports the most important things. It's truly astonishing what is not being reported on, presumably in an effort to minimize attention on some really important matters (Yemen, Russia's increasing concerns over western actions, Wikileaks on HRC, etc). 
If it all weren't so serious, it would be humorous because the chicanery is now so over-the-top obvious. 
The elites often commit crimes without any consequences. It's so bad, we've seen the architects of wars based on lies get promoted to positions of greater power, now telling new lies on an even grander scale. (In DC, the polite term du jour is 'fabrications'. But we're all friends here, so let's use proper language: lies are lies.) 
Meanwhile, whistleblowers end up facing the full weight of the law. And the little people face harsh, draconian consequences for even the most minor of infractions. 
As James Howard Kunstler succinctly puts it: Racketeering is ruining us . 
If you can make a lot of money doing it, in the US that's A-OK with the powers that be. Who cares about the collateral damage, as long as Uncle Sam and his cronies get their cut? The Winds Of Change 
But this all is going to come crashing down, because it has to. Not because of a sudden case of enlightenment by the elites, but because of math. 
Simple math, too. 
While there are lots of sub-equations we could parse through, the parent of them all is this one: Endless exponential growth on a finite planet is impossible. 
It's really that simple. And what's transpiring now is nothing more complicated than what happens when a culture's main growth narrative no longer matches the limits of its reality. 
Unfortunately, it's possible to fool people for just long enough into thinking it's a workable plan. Give something a couple of decades in the sun (cheap, plentiful petroleum, for example) and entire institutions, political and monetary systems and dogmas will be fashioned around it. 
This kind of self-delusion is not new for humans. It's no different than if an ancient tribe was luckily blessed with 40 years of dependable rains which they attributed to a specific set of rituals. It's not too long before correlation becomes confused with causation. And when the expected rains start ceasing to arrive, the rituals get more convoluted and increasingly desperate measures are called for to appease the angry gods. 
Eventually, finally, people slowly wake up to the fact that their rituals and the weather never had anything to do with each other. But by then, society has usually torn itself apart, unable to align the contradictions. 
This is what's happening now. The narrative we live by is breaking down, and increasingly, our desperate ruling elites simply don't know what to do. People are confused and so they want to either return to the past 'Make America Great Again!') or they want to cling to the present ('Stronger Together"'¶as in don't rock the boat, preserve the status quo!). 
Neither will work of course because the rains have ceased for reasons that have nothing to do with America's elaborate but quirky rituals (the current presidential race being a prime example of such). 
And this is why, despite the fact that our true challenges are rooted in the mathematics of resource depletion, our undoing will come when the social fabric tears apart. 
Which is why the current unrest escalating all over the globe is so important to track. As we watch less-resourced societies begin to fail in advance, we better understand the nature of the reckoning heading our way. 
Among the many conflicts that are boiling over, the one that concerns me the most -- by far -- is the West's very intentional efforts to demonize Putin specifically, and Russia generally. 
The tactics being used are no different from those used to disparage Saddam and his regime right before the invasion of Iraq. We've been down this path before; the playbook is literally exactly the same. 
Blatantly obvious propaganda is being used, most heavily by the very same (and unrepentant) main stream media outlets that were used the last time around -- when we ended up commencing a 'pre-emptive' war based on ginned-up intelligence that turned out to be wholly false. We owe it to ourselves not be so easily led this time around. The Winds Of War 
The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary. 
~ H. L. Mencken 
Now, I'm sensitive to the idea put forth by some that this whole Putin demonization is merely the latest use of a hobgoblin intended to help get HRC elected president. 
Obviously if this is true, it goes well beyond HRC herself. In the military industrial complex, there's a vast host of self-interested parties who feast on war and whose paychecks and future prospects depend heavily on it. There even are a few demented souls in the halls of power who believe in war as the best way to project one's influence. Stew them together and you have a pretty good handle on what DC is all about these days. 
So I'm sympathetic to the temptation to think: 'Hey, it's always a safe bet during an election year to try and appear tougher than your opponent'¶this is all just election year politicking and it will pass and fade after November 8 th .' 
Here's why I don't think that's accurate. In fact, I think something deeper and more sinister has been set in motion. 
The blackballing of Putin and Russia started years ago, in 2013, when Putin managed to convince then-president of Ukraine Yanukovych to back out of the agreement intended to bring Ukraine into the EU fold as the final NATO brick in the wall. 
That set-back enraged the neocons in Washington DC mightily and they've been rapidly anti-Putin ever since. This neocon grudge has found help and support ever since from the UK, US, and EU press which were also willing partners in selling the fraudulent 'evidence' that led to the Iraq war -- and Libya, too, and now Yemen and Syria. 
As examples, these cartoonish magazine covers (both from 2014) look like they were designed by Intro to Psychology 101 students asked to create a propaganda hit piece: 
Heck, there's even potential evidence as far back as 2008: as exemplified by this TIME magazine cover where the "TIME" banner was placed behind Putin's head in such a way that the peaks of the M gave him "horns". (For fun, see how many example of other leaders you can find where TIME did this -- there are precious few. The logo is almost always in front): 
So the demonization began a long time ago, well before it's reasonable to suspect HRCs advance team could start scheming about how to use an anti-Putin stance against Trump, or any other opponent. 
But the media has continued to beat the Putin=bad drums, and with increasingly volume. Here are a few more recent examples: 
The message: Putin is manipulating us, and anybody who falls for it is a sucker . And if you dare to question the integrity of the US elections, which there is ample evidence that it is vulnerable to fraud & manipulation (listen to our podcast with election integrity analyst Brad Friedman ), you are Putin's patsy. 
And here's my favorite propaganda piece to date because it's so blatantly over-the-top that it takes on a very special quality of being so bad it's good. This is The Rocky Horror Picture Show of magazine cover art: 
Okay, with all that said, we've established that 'someone' has had it out for Putin for quite a long time. We might surmise who or what agencies that might be, but such speculation is best reserved for those with greater insights than I happen to have. 
I just know propaganda when I see it. And I see it in the examples above, and in the media pervasively today. So where does this lead us? 
Well, given the fact that Russia has just undertaken the largest nuclear readiness drill in its history involving its citizens , maybe we should think that Putin and Russia are no longer amused by all this antagonism and are taking it as something more sinister than simple politicking. 
Or we should pay attention that Russia recently announced the arrival of its latest nuclear ICBM (nicknamed Satan-2) capable of delivering 15 warheads each. 
And let's not forget the even more recent announcement that a hypersonic glider warhead had been successfully tested , against which our military currently has no defense. 
None of those Russian moves are being made in a vacuum of course. They've come only after many repeated provocations by the West, including assembling the largest gathering of military brigade forces on Russia's borders since WW II. These are the kind of threats, mind you, that would have caused the US to go into an absolute snit long ago were the situation reversed. 
The real question is: Why? What's the plan here, if any exists? Who's behind all this and why? If we can answer any of these, then perhaps we can assess the risks regular people like us and our loved ones may be facing as potential "collateral damage" of this warmongering. The So-Called Elites 
The 'who' has emerged in this election, at least partially. We now have a few names to put to the program, and they're familiar ones. 
This is, generally speaking, the same cast of characters that has been agitating for a more belligerent global stance prior to 9/11. Many of these names surfaced on my radar when the Project for a New American Century statement of principles was published in 1997. That document is pretty much all you need to read to understand the last 20 years of US foreign policy. 
I mean, if you only had just one document to read on the topic, this one would pretty well sum it all up. 
Well, here they all come again. This time right on the front page of the Washington Post, making renewed calls for an even more aggressive and bellicose US military posture. For anybody concerned about conflict with Russia, this is more terrifying than any haunted house you could possibly visit this Halloween: 
Washington's foreign policy elite breaks with Obama over Syrian bloodshed 
Oct 20, 2016 

There is one corner of Washington where Donald Trump's scorched-earth presidential campaign is treated as a mere distraction and where bipartisanship reigns. In the rarefied world of the Washington foreign policy establishment, President Obama's departure from the White House 'î and the possible return of a more conventional and hawkish Hillary Clinton 'î is being met with quiet relief. 

The Republicans and Democrats who make up the foreign policy elite are laying the groundwork for a more assertive American foreign policy, via a flurry of reports shaped by officials who are likely to play senior roles in a potential Clinton White House. 
It is not unusual for Washington's establishment to launch major studies in the final months of an administration to correct the perceived mistakes of a president or influence his successor. But the bipartisan nature of the recent recommendations, coming at a time when the country has never been more polarized, reflects a remarkable consensus among the foreign policy elite. 

This consensus is driven by a broad-based backlash against a president who has repeatedly stressed the dangers of overreach and the need for restraint, especially in the Middle East. 'There's a widespread perception that not being active enough or recognizing the limits of American power has costs,' said Philip Gordon, a senior foreign policy adviser to Obama until 2015. 'So the normal swing is to be more interventionist.' 

'The American-led international order that has been prevalent since World War II is now under threat,' said Martin Indyk, who oversees a team of top former officials from the administrations of Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton assembled by the Brookings Institution. 'The question is how to restore and renovate it.' The Brookings report 'î a year in the making 'î is due out in December. 

Taken together, the studies and reports call for more-aggressive American action to constrain Iran, rein in the chaos in the Middle East and check Russia in Europe. 

The studies, which reflect Clinton's stated views, break most forcefully with Obama on Syria. Virtually all these efforts, including a report released Wednesday by the liberal Center for American Progress, call for stepped-up military action to deter President Bashar al-Assad's regime and Russian forces in ¬≠Syria. 

'You can't pretend you can go to war against Assad and not go to war against the Russians,' said a senior administration official who is involved in Middle East policy and was granted anonymity to discuss internal White House deliberations. 
( Source ) 
There's a lot to unpack in there. Let's get started. 
The article begins with the disquieting assertion that the presumptive return of a more hawkish Hillary Clinton to the white house is 'being met with quiet relief.' You mean the longest stretch of active war in US history hasn't been enough for some of these folks? 
I talk with a lot of people in the military who are sick and tired of America's endless wars and their endless rotations with no end in sight and no clear mission. Nobody can articulate what the US is doing in Afghanistan any more (and noting the enormous increase in heroin production is considered impolite). 
Next, the article is loaded with 'normalizing' words, such as 'òconsensus,''òbroad-based' and 'òbipartisan' to make it seem that a more hawkish stance is really getting back to something we can all agree on. It's centrist, bipartisan and broad-based after all. 
It's also insane when you combine it with the later part about how these folks want to undo the restraint of Obama and go after Syrian and Russian forces directly. 
I've said it before and I'll say it again: Getting into a shooting war with Russia would be a terrible idea. Insane really. 
Not least of which is because, even if things don't go nuclear (which they very well could given where we are in the shredding of the past narratives), then the US will discover that projecting its power all over the world is a heck of a lot harder when your navy is being sunk by the latest next-generation anti-ship missile technology. 
Trust me, the petrodollar will get a lot weaker in a skinny minute as soon as American military power is revealed as stoppable. 
I have a lot of faith in the training and equipment of the US military. But I also have faith in the power of a swarm of anti-ship hypersonic missiles to do a lot of damage. The US Presidential Election 
I'm on record as saying that I very much distrust the close relationship HRC has with the neocons and her hawkish foreign policy stance. Also, I do trust her readiness and willingness to get the US into more wars. 
In the second presidential debate, she came right and said that she supports a no-fly zone over Syria. Quoting a US military general, I've since explained that doing so would meet the definition of an open act of war against Russia. 
While there are a lot of issues on the table this election, I'm very much a single-issue voter when it comes to getting into a war with Russia. I want no part of it. I can't imagine any sane American would. 
At best, it would be a wildly destructive waste of time, life and money. At worst it ends with an EMP (if we're lucky) or nuclear disaster (if we're not). Instead, we in the West should be confronting our massive overhang of debt, our looming energy predicament, and a host of ecological train wrecks right now -- not stuck in the fantasy that global warfare is somehow glorious or 'winnable'. 
After the next war, there won't be any bountiful period of economically-simulative rebuilding that some have wistfully longed for . That takes energy. And in case anybody missed it, the 'high net energy' conventional oil slipped into the rearview mirror almost ten years ago now. There won't be any super-duper rebuilding after the next big war. Just a massive struggle to get us back to even. 
So hey, let's not do that. OK? 
Back to the main point here. The HRC campaign has several very close ties with the neocons who were instrumental in selling the Iraq war. None quite as prominent as Michael Morell: 
Clinton Adviser Proposes Attacking Iran to Aid the Saudis in Yemen 
Oct 26, 2016 

Michael Morell is a former acting director of the CIA and a national security adviser to Hillary Clinton 'î one who is widely expected to occupy a senior post in her administration. 

He is also an opponent of the Iran nuclear agreement, a defender of waterboarding, and an advocate for making Russia 'pay a price' in Syria by covertly killing Putin's soldiers. 

On Tuesday, Morell added another title to that r√©sum√©: proponent of going to war with Iran, for the sake of securing Saudi Arabia's influence in Yemen. 

'Ships leave Iran on a regular basis carrying arms to the Houthis in Yemen,' Morell said, in remarks to the Center for American Progress, the liberal think tank founded by Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. 'I would have no problem from a policy perspective of having the U.S. Navy boarding their ships, and if there are weapons on them, to turn those ships around.' 

Morell did note, per Bloomberg's Eli Lake, that this policy 'raised questions of international maritime law.' 

Which is a bit like saying, 'Breaking into someone's home, putting a gun in their face, and demanding they hand over all their weapons raises questions about armed-robbery law.' 
( Source ) 
To me this is not an individual interested in a little Putin-bashing for the sake of votes. This is a guy who's deadly serious about using US power to get into a conflict not just with Russia, but with Iran as well. 
Either of these adversaries could lead us into an armed confrontation that could escalate in ways we'd very seriously regret. 
Even 'òjust' the shutting of the Strait of Hormuz would be a huge and mortal blow to a world economy saddled with low growth and enormous piles of debt. Iran could accomplish this easily using the mobile, land based missile launchers they currently have in stock. 
Sink a couple of Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCCs) and it's a whole new ball game for world trade. 
In case you don't take Mr. Morell all that seriously, I should remind you that he was the person who personally vetted and scrubbed the presentation that Colin Powell gave to the UN on Iraq's weapons of mass destruction that led to the final war resolution. 
Clearly telling a few, uh, "fabrications" is well within his talent center if/when needed to get the job done. He's deadly serious about entering a conflict with Russia and Iran and he has Hillary's ear. Hopefully other more moderate people do as well, but my concern still lies with the fact that some people will hear equal arguments but then make the decision based on how they lean. 
Hillary leans hawkish. That's just a matter of record at this point. As even liberal-leaning Chris Matthews of Hardball said recently , 'People don't change because we swear them into the White House.' 
Nope. The best rule of relationships I have is: You'll be disappointed if you are expecting (requiring, or hoping for) them to be different tomorrow than they are today. Conclusion 
While I've focused on the election in this article, it may not even be relevant at all. That is, there may well be a machine running in the background that is larger than any potential candidate or President . It may well be that the careful preparation of propaganda groundwork against Putin that began in 2008 is part of a large plan the public is being intentionally kept in the dark about. Who knows? 
But learning how Obama has frustrated the aspirations of the neocons vis-a-vis Syria and Russia tells me that the office of the president does matter, at least to a point. 
I was personally horrified by what the US has brought to bear on Iraq, Libya, Syria and Afghanistan. All in the service of Deep State objectives that are anything but obvious. 
My growing concern here is that the juggernaut that leads to war has already been untethered and is building up steam. I see it in the propaganda pieces against Russia on an almost daily basis. And I see Russia doing everything it can to both try and get the West to calm down and be reasonable, while getting its own citizens ready in case those efforts fail. 
NATO is ramping up the pressure. Western media is faithfully (again) running necon talking points as if they were pearls of wisdom. We are heading back to the future. 
Recently, for the very first time in my entire life, I have begun undertaking actual personal preparations for nuclear war. 
I absolutely deplore that I feel this is necessary. But a core tenet we live by here at PeakProsperity.com is that when anxiety builds, you need to align your actions with your beliefs. Right now, my beliefs are loudly telling me that the risk of a serious conflict with Russia breaking out are no longer dismissable. 
Similarly, I've committed to readers that when something concerns me enough to take action in my own personal life, I'll share it. 
In Part 2: My Personal Preparations For Nuclear War , I share the steps I've taken this week as well as additional precautions folks concerned about this topic should consider. 
Look, it's crazy were even talking about this. But as this article has shown, there's ample evidence that the pressure between the West and Russia is building. Given the outsized risks involved, making an investment in safety is only prudent. After all: nuclear way is one of those potential scenarios where its far better to be early or overenthusiastic in your precautions, than a day late. 
Click here to read Part 2 of this report (free executive summary, enrollment required for full access)
ARTICLE

These Blast Points on Hillary's Campaign... Only The Deep State Is So Precise   Charles Hugh Smith 
The Deep State's most prescient elements must derail Hillary's campaign to clear a path to Trump's executive team. 
Back in August, I asked Could the Deep State Be Sabotaging Hillary? I think we now have a definitive answer: "These blast points on Hillary's campaign... too accurate for the Mainstream Media. Only the forces of the Imperial Deep State are so precise." 
The Mainstream Media is presenting the FBI investigation as a "lose-lose" situation for embattled FBI Director Comey. If Comey remained quiet until after the election, he would be accused of colluding with the Clinton campaign and its allies in the Department of Justice (sic). 
But in going public, he stands accused by Democrats of "intervening in an election," i.e. raising doubts about Hillary's judgement and veracity days before Americans go to the polls. 
Another narrative has Comey's hand forced by the threat of disgusted FBI agents leaking information that would show the FBI caved into political pressure from the Democratic Party and Clinton campaign to keep relevant material out of the public eye until after the election. 
I submit another much more powerful dynamic is in play: the upper ranks of the Deep State now view Hillary as an unacceptable liability. The word came down to Comey to act whether he wanted to or not, i.e. take one for the good of the nation/Deep State/Imperial Project. 
As a refresher: the Deep State is the unelected government (also called the invisible or shadow government) that is not as monolithic as generally assumed. 
The neo-conservative globalists who want Hillary to continue pushing their agenda are the more visible camp, but another less visible but highly motivated camp realizes Hillary and her neo-con agenda would severely damage the nation's security and its global influence. It is this camp that is arranging for Hillary to lose. 
The consensus view seems to be that the Establishment and the Deep State see Trump as a loose cannon who might upset the neo-con apple cart by refusing to toe the neo-con line. 
This view overlooks the reality that significant segments of the Deep State view the neo-con strategy as an irredeemable failure. To these elements of the Deep State, Hillary is a threat precisely because she embraces the failed neo-con strategy and those who cling to it. From this point of view, Hillary as president would be an unmitigated disaster for the Deep State and the nation/Imperial Project it governs. 
Whatever else emerges from the emails being leaked or officially released, one conclusion is inescapable: Hillary's judgement is hopelessly flawed. Combine her lack of judgement with her 24 years of accumulated baggage and her potential to push the neo-con agenda to the point of global disaster, and you get a potent need for the Deep State's most prescient elements to derail her campaign and clear a path to Trump's executive team. 
Once this path is clear, the management of Trump's executive team can begin in earnest, a management process aimed at disengaging the nation and its global Empire from neo-con overreach. 
If you think this scenario is "impossible," let's see how the election plays out before deciding what's "impossible" and what's inevitable.
ARTICLE

NYPD Cop Who Killed Eric Garner to be Indicted on Civil Rights Violations   Anon HQ 
In a surprising move by the Justice Department, it seems as though an indictment of the NYPD officer who killed Eric Garner may be on the horizon. Officer Daniel Pantaleo was caught on cell phone footage, filmed choking the life out of Garner on a Staten Island street corner. After two years of public outrage 'ì in the failure to prosecute Pantaleo and an internal conflict at the DOJ, reports have surfaced, indicating that Pantaleo will stand trial for civil rights violations. 
One would think that the video evidence of Garner's murder would be enough to convict Pantaleo on a minimum voluntary manslaughter. A Staten Island grand jury failed to indict him on a charge of murder, which was presented to them last year. Again, the grand jury system is a fraud when it comes to police killings, as the prosecutor has sole discretion to prosecute. The grand jury system is used to placate the public, and this case was no different. Aside from the local authorities failing to prosecute, the FBI and the Justice Department lawyers handling the case out of Brooklyn didn't believe there was sufficient evidence to bring a federal civil rights violation charge. In order to do so, they would have to prove that Pantaleo intended to violate Garner's civil rights. 
'It's going to happen sooner than later,' said an unnamed source within the investigation. 'Washington wants to indict him.' This information came out after the entire team of federal prosecutors was replaced. 
It is difficult to avoid the appearance of a cover-up when all of the initial investigators found nothing wrong with the actions taken by Pantaleo, which resulted in Garner's death. The fact that he used an illegal chokehold 'ì which had been outlawed 'ì seemed to make little impact on their decision. All the while, Pantaleo has been riding a desk and collecting his substantial six figure salary from the NYPD. 
Up until now, the only person to have been penalized for Garner's death is Sgt. Kizzy Adonis, who was the supervisor on scene. The only charge was internal, not criminal, for failure to properly supervise. Adonis said in regards to the incident 'the perpetrator's condition did not seem serious and'¶ he did not appear to get worse.' The outright lies told by police, when covering up their crimes, is enough to make your blood boil. Nothing about Adonis' statement had any truth to it, as Garner pleaded for help and ultimately died on scene. Hard to believe anyone wouldn't define death as 'getting worse.' 
Although a federal charge seems imminent, an indictment is only the beginning of a very long battle. The fact that Pantaleo was brought before a grand jury only to have them not indict, doesn't look good for prosecutors. Even if the presentation was one-sided and an obvious fix, the defense can use it to demonstrate internal conflict and therefore, argue that the case is in fact, politically driven. It doesn't help matters when the jury finds out that the original prosecutors did not feel a charge was warranted and had been removed from the case. Presenting the internal conflict will not sit well with a jury. 
The New York Daily News spoke with an anonymous former federal prosecutor who stated 'If I'm Pantaleo's defense lawyer, I want all the internal communications that the prosecutors were fighting about.' Obtaining specific details of the internal conflicts would indeed sway a jury. On the flip-side, he stated, 'The government will argue, though, that it is internal deliberations and that you can't cross-examine witnesses about what the prosecutors think about their case.' Others contend that the former prosecutors would be barred from being involved in the indictment and not allowed to give any testimony for the defense or prosecution. With the burden of proof falling on the shoulders of the DOJ, despite the clear-cut murder that took place, they'll fight an uphill battle in court. 
The Police Benevolent Association has denied that Pantaleo ever used a chokehold, and believes the entire issue is a moot point. Despite their cherry picking their own beliefs, they can't cherry pick their own facts in this case, as the video speaks for itself. While Pantaleo needs to stand trial for the death of Eric Garner, attempting to prove his intent is going to be difficult. It is unfortunate that the need to define Pantaleo's intent is overshadowing the true tragedy of this case: the very death of justice.
ARTICLE

FBI Obtains Warrant To Search Huma Abedin's Emails   zero hedge 
While we explained earlier today why the DOJ and FBI had found themselves in the awkward position of knowing that Anthony Weiner's computer contained thousands of Huma Abedin emails sent from Hillary Clinton's private server, yet were unable to access them, we noted it was only a matter of time before this particular hurdle was rectified. A few hours later, according to CBS' Jeff Pegues, in the matter of the FBI having much needed access to begin poring over Weiner's emails, which we now know number roughly 650,000 (and thus will take the FBI months to pore over), the FBI has just obtained the needed warrant. 
'î Jeff Pegues (@jeffpeguescbs) October 30, 2016 

As NBC confirms , the FBI obtained a warrant to search emails related to the Hillary Clinton private server probe that were discovered on ex-congressman Anthony Weiner's laptop. The warrant came two days after FBI director James Comey revealed the existence of the emails, which law-enforcement sources said were linked to Weiner's estranged wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin. The FBI already had a warrant to search Weiner's laptop, but that only applied to evidence of his allegedly illicit communications with an underage girl. 
The warrant came moments after Democratic Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid scolded Comey, saying in a letter that he " demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be clear intent to aid one political party over another. " 
Reid added that his office determined that Comey may have violated the Hatch Act, which bars government officials from using their authority to influence elections. 
The following screengrab from WaPo, perhaps summarizes best how the democrats' take on things has changed dramatically over the past few weeks: 

Meanwhile, the CBS reporter also noted that according to law enforcement sources HumaAbedin Is cooperating and "seemed surprised that emails were there." #developing #law enforcement sources also say #HumaAbedin Is cooperating and "seemed surprised that emails were there." 
'î Jeff Pegues (@jeffpeguescbs) October 30, 2016 

Finally, Pegues also points out that after having fieled much pressure from Democrats for the past 48 hours, FBI Director Comey has been quietly reaching out to members of Congress as pressure mounts on him. #BREAKING News #FBI Director #Comey has been quietly reaching out to members of #Congress as pressure mounts on him. 
'î Jeff Pegues (@jeffpeguescbs) October 30, 2016 
So will the FBI promptly announce that nothing of material important was found among Weiner's emails, or will it now begin a protracted, intensive investigation? Will Comey resigns? Will Huma quit from her role in the Clinton campaign? Will Loretta Lynch take some of the blame? We hope to have some of these much needed answers in the coming days as the FBI's reopened probe begins gaining traction. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Wikileaks Warns It Is Launching "Phase Three" Of Its Election Coverage   Source: Zero Hedge 
On Sunday night, Wikileaks enigmatically tweeted that it would launch ' phase 3 of [its] US election coverage" in the coming week. The site put politicians on notice Sunday evening in a tweet that also included a plea for donations. 
'We commence phase 3 of our US election coverage next week. You can contribute: https://shop.wikileaks.org/donate @WLTaskForce" the whistleblower website announced moments ago. We commence phase 3 of our US election coverage next week. You can contribute: https://t.co/MsNZhrTzTL @WLTaskForce pic.twitter.com/XferJnMGux 
'î WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 30, 2016 
As the Hill noted , Wiki did not provide information about what the third phase entails or if there are still more revelations to come. As a reminder, Wikileaks' founder Julian Assange currently finds himself in the Ecuador embassy where his internet access has been revoked for the duration of the presidential campaign to avoid the appearance of intervention. 
Wikileaks supporters, now including a number of disgruntled GOP nominee Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders supporters, promptly replied with tweets expressing hope that phase three would ultimately damage Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign. User 'CorruptMedia' responded with a Photoshopped estimating what CNN coverage of Clinton being escorted to jail would look like. 
A new archive of Clinton-related documents would further irk a campaign still reeling from FBI director James Comey's announcement on Friday that new emails related to the Clinton server probe had been discovered. 
But there is at least some reason to believe Wikileaks could release material that is not solely Clinton related. Julian Assange, the head of Wikileaks, has stated that he would publish information from Trump if the site were sent any. 
Wikileaks has already posted hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign chief John Podesta: the former led to the resignation of former DNC chair Debbie Wasserman-Schultz after it was revealed that the DNC was actively scheming to prevent Bernie Sanders' nomination; the former has led to a series of dramatic revelations into the strategic operations of the Clinton campaign, with the most damaging emails exposing the Clinton Foundation and WJC's consulting outfit Teneo as an "influence-peddling" pay-to-play organization as noted most recently in " Doug Band To John Podesta: "If This Story Gets Out, We Are Screwed" "
ARTICLE

Syria Is Another Pipeline War   | Print This 
By Gaius Publius , a professional writer living on the West Coast of the United States and frequent contributor to DownWithTyranny, digby, Truthout, and Naked Capitalism. Follow him on Twitter @Gaius_Publius , Tumblr and Facebook . Originally published at at Down With Tyranny . GP article archive here . 
Proposed pipeline routes through the Middle East to gas markets in Europe. The purple line is the Western-supported Qatar-Turkey pipeline. All of the nations it passes through 'î Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Turkey (all highlighted in red) 'î have agreed to it '¶ except Syria. The red line is the 'Islamic Pipeline' from Iran through Iraq into Syria. See text below for further explanation. (Source: MintPress News ; click to enlarge) 
Summary first: We have been at war in Syria over pipelines since 1949. This is just the next mad phase. 
I'm not sure most Americans have figured out what's happening in Syria, because so much of what we hear is confusing to us, and really, we know so little of the context for it. Is it an insurgency against a brutal ruler? Is it a group of insurgencies struggling for power in a nearly failed state? Is it a proxy war expressing the territorial and ideological interests of the U.S., Russia, Turkey and Iran? 
Or something else? 
According to Robert F. Kennedy Jr. it is something else 'î a war between competing national interests to build, or not build, a pipeline to the Mediterranean so natural gas can be exported to Europe. Inconveniently for Syria, that nation lies along an obvious pipeline route. 
Which makes it another war between interests for money 'î something not very hard to understand at all. 
Here's Kennedy's argument via EcoWatch. This is a long piece, well worth a full read, but I'll try to present just the relevant sections here. 
The Historical Context: Decades of CIA-Sponsored Coups and Counter-Coups in Syria 
Kennedy's introductory section contains an excellent examination of the history of U.S. involvement in Syria starting in the 1950s with the Cold War machinations of the Eisenhower-appointed Dulles brothers, John Foster Dulles, the Secretary of State, and Allen Dulles, the head of the CIA. Together, they effectively ruled U.S. foreign policy. 
Kennedy writes (my emphasis): 
Syria: Another Pipeline War 
'¶ America's unsavory record of violent interventions in Syria'îobscure to the American people yet well known to Syrians 'îsowed fertile ground for the violent Islamic Jihadism that now complicates any effective response by our government to address the challenge of ISIS. So long as the American public and policymakers are unaware of this past, further interventions are likely to only compound the crisis. Moreover, our enemies delight in our ignorance. 
'¶ [W]e need to look at history from the Syrians' perspective and particularly the seeds of the current conflict. Long before our 2003 occupation of Iraq triggered the Sunni uprising that has now morphed into the Islamic State, the CIA had nurtured violent Jihadism as a Cold War weapon and freighted U.S./Syrian relationships with toxic baggage. 
During the 1950's, President Eisenhower and the Dulles brothers rebuffed Soviet treaty proposals to leave the Middle East a cold war neutral zone and let Arabs rule Arabia. Instead, they mounted a clandestine war against Arab Nationalism'îwhich CIA Director Allan [sic] Dulles equated with communism'îparticularly when Arab self-rule threatened oil concessions. They pumped secret American military aid to tyrants in Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Iraq and Lebanon favoring puppets with conservative Jihadist ideologies which they regarded as a reliable antidote to Soviet Marxism. At a White House meeting between the CIA's Director of Plans, Frank Wisner, and Secretary of State, John Foster Dulles, in September of 1957, Eisenhower advised the agency, 'We should do everything possible to stress the 'holy war' aspect.' 
The CIA began its active meddling in Syria in 1949 'îbarely a year after the agency's creation. Syrian patriots had declared war on the Nazis, expelled their Vichy French colonial rulers and crafted a fragile secularist democracy based on the American model. But in March of 1949, Syria's democratically elected president, Shukri-al-Kuwaiti, hesitated to approve the Trans Arabian Pipeline, an American project intended to connect the oil fields of Saudi Arabia to the ports of Lebanon via Syria. In his book, Legacy of Ashes , CIA historian Tim Weiner recounts that in retaliation, the CIA engineered a coup , replacing al-Kuwaiti with the CIA's handpicked dictator , a convicted swindler named Husni al-Za'im. Al-Za'im barely had time to dissolve parliament and approve the American pipeline before his countrymen deposed him , 14 weeks into his regime. 
Kennedy then details the history of coups and counter-coups in and against Syria, and concludes this section with this: 
Thanks in large part to Allan Dulles and the CIA, whose foreign policy intrigues were often directly at odds with the stated policies of our nation, the idealistic path outlined in the Atlantic Charter was the road not taken. In 1957, my grandfather, Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy, sat on a secret committee charged with investigating CIA's clandestine mischief in the Mid-East . The so called 'Bruce Lovett Report,' to which he was a signatory, described CIA coup plots in Jordan, Syria, Iran, Iraq and Egypt, all common knowledge on the Arab street, but virtually unknown to the American people who believed, at face value, their government's denials. 
The report blamed the CIA for the rampant anti-Americanism that was then mysteriously taking root 'in the many countries in the world today.''¶ A parade of Iranian and Syrian dictators, including Bashar al-Assad and his father , have invoked the history of the CIA's bloody coups as a pretext for their authoritarian rule, repressive tactics and their need for a strong Russian alliance. These stories are therefore well known to the people of Syria and Iran who naturally interpret talk of U.S. intervention in the context of that history. 
While the compliant American press parrots the narrative that our military support for the Syrian insurgency is purely humanitarian, many Syrians see the present crisis as just another proxy war over pipelines and geopolitics. Before rushing deeper into the conflagration, it would be wise for us to consider the abundant facts supporting that perspective. 
So much for our supposed interest in 'humanitarian' intervention in Syria. From a Syrian point of view, it has never been thus. It has been about pipelines since 1949, and they understand that, even if we don't. 
The Current Conflagration 
Kennedy then turns to the present, or the near-present. Refer to the map above as you read: 
A Pipeline War 
In [the Syrians'] view, our war against Bashar Assad did not begin with the peaceful civil protests of the Arab Spring in 2011. Instead it began in 2000 when Qatar proposed to construct a $10 billion, 1,500km pipeline through Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Syria and Turkey . 
Qatar shares with Iran, the South Pars/North Dome gas field, the world's richest natural gas repository. The international trade embargo, until recently, prohibited Iran from selling gas abroad and ensured that Qatar's gas could only reach European markets if it is liquefied and shipped by sea, a route that restricts volume and dramatically raises costs. 
The EU, which gets 30 percent of its gas from Russia, was equally hungry for the pipeline which would have given its members cheap energy and relief from Vladimir Putin's stifling economic and political leverage. Turkey, Russia's second largest gas customer, was particularly anxious to end its reliance on its ancient rival and to position itself as the lucrative transect hub for Asian fuels to EU markets. The Qatari pipeline would have benefited Saudi Arabia's conservative Sunni Monarchy by giving them a foothold in Shia dominated Syria. 
The Saudi's geopolitical goal is to contain the economic and political power of the Kingdom's principal rival, Iran , a Shiite state, and close ally of Bashar Assad. The Saudi monarchy viewed the U.S. sponsored Shia takeover in Iraq as a demotion to its regional power and was already engaged in a proxy war against Tehran in Yemen, highlighted by the Saudi genocide against the Iranian backed Houthi tribe. 
Which puts the Qatari pipeline squarely opposite to Russia's national interest 'î natural gas (methane) sales to Europe. 
Of course, the Russians, who sell 70 percent of their gas exports to Europe, viewed the Qatar/Turkey pipeline as an existential threat. In Putin's view, the Qatar pipeline is a NATO plot to change the status quo, deprive Russia of its only foothold in the Middle East, strangle the Russian economy and end Russian leverage in the European energy market. In 2009, Assad announced that he would refuse to sign the agreement to allow the pipeline to run through Syria 'to protect the interests of our Russian ally.' 
That was likely the last straw vis-√†-vis the U.S. Which brings us to another pipeline, the so-called 'Islamic Pipeline' (see map above): 
'Assad further enraged the Gulf's Sunni monarchs by endorsing a Russian approved 'Islamic pipeline' running from Iran's side of the gas field through Syria and to the ports of Lebanon. The Islamic pipeline would make Shia Iran instead of Sunni Qatar, the principal supplier to the European energy market and dramatically increase Tehran's influence in the Mid-East and the world. Israel also was understandably determined to derail the Islamic pipeline which would enrich Iran and Syria and presumably strengthen their proxies, Hezbollah and Hamas. 
Another, competing pipeline which would run through Syrian territory, but this time carrying Iranian gas instead of Qatari gas. Thus the demonizing of Assad as evil in the mold of Saddam Hussein, instead of just a run-of-the-mill Middle East autocrat, as bad as some but better than others. Kennedy includes a good section on the history of the al-Assad family's rule of Syria, including this information from top reporters Sy Hersh and Robert Parry: 
According to Hersh, 'He certainly wasn't beheading people every Wednesday like the Saudis do in Mecca.' Another veteran journalist, Bob Parry, echoes that assessment. 'No one in the region has clean hands but in the realms of torture, mass killings, civil liberties and supporting terrorism, Assad is much better than the Saudis.' 
In September 2013, the Sunni states involved in the Qatar-Turkey pipeline were so determined to remove Syrian opposition to the pipeline that they offered, via John Kerry, to carry the whole cost of an U.S. invasion to topple al-Assad. 
Kerry reiterated the offer to Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL27): 'With respect to Arab countries offering to bear the costs of [an American invasion] to topple Assad, the answer is profoundly Yes, they have. The offer is on the table.' 
Obama's response: 
Despite pressure from Republicans, Barrack Obama balked at hiring out young Americans to die as mercenaries for a pipeline conglomerate . Obama wisely ignored Republican clamoring to put ground troops in Syria or to funnel more funding to 'moderate insurgents.' But by late 2011, Republican pressure and our Sunni allies had pushed the American government into the fray. 
The rest is a history of provocation and over-reaction 'î a great deal of both 'î and chaos and death in Syria. Kennedy provides much detail here, at one point adding: 
[Syria's] moderates are fleeing a war that is not their war . They simply want to escape being crushed between the anvil of Assad's Russian backed tyranny and the vicious Jihadi Sunni hammer that we had a hand in wielding in a global battle over competing pipelines . You can't blame the Syrian people for not widely embracing a blueprint for their nation minted in either Washington or Moscow. The super powers have left no options for an idealistic future that moderate Syrians might consider fighting for. And no one wants to die for a pipeline. 
I'll leave it there, but again, do read the entire piece if you want to truly understand what's going on in Syria, and what is about to go on. 
Bottom Line 
Bottom line, it's as Kennedy said: 'No one wants to die for a pipeline''¶ but many do and will. 
I'll offer three thoughts. One , if we weren't so determined to be deeply dependent on fossil fuels, this would be their war, not ours. Two , we are deeply dependent on fossil fuels because of the political machinations of the oil companies, their CEOs, and the banks and hedge funds who fund them, all of whom pay our government officials 'î via campaign contributions and the revolving door 'î to prolong that dependence. We're here because the holders of big oil money want us here. 
And three , keep all this in mind during the term of the next president. It will help you make sense of the phony warrior- cum -humanitarian arguments we're almost certain to be subjected to. 
We have been at war in Syria over pipelines since 1949. This is just the next mad phase.
ARTICLE

What Keeps the F-35 Alive   David Swanson 
Imagine if a local business in your town invented a brand new tool that was intended to have an almost magical effect thousands of miles away. However, where the tool was kept and used locally became an area unsafe for children. Children who got near this tool tended to have increased blood pressure and increased stress hormones, lower reading skills, poorer memories, impaired auditory and speech perception, and impaired academic performance. 
Most of us would find this situation at least a little concerning, unless the new invention was designed to murder lots of people. Then it'd be just fine. 
Now, imagine if this same new tool ruined neighborhoods because people couldn't safely live near it. Imagine if the government had to compensate people but kick them out of living near the location of this tool. Again, I think, we might find that troubling if mass murder were not the mission. 
Imagine also that this tool fairly frequently explodes, emitting highly toxic chemicals, particles, and fibers unsafe to breathe into the air for miles around. Normally, that'd be a problem. But if this tool is needed for killing lots of people, we'll work with its flaws, won't we? 
Now, what if this new gadget was expected to cost at least $1,400,000,000,000 over 50 years? And what if that money had to be taken away from numerous other expenses more beneficial for the economy and the world? What if the $1.4 trillion was drained out of the economy causing a loss of jobs and a radical diminuition of resources for education, healthcare, housing, environmental protection, or humanitarian aid? Wouldn't that be a worry in some cases, I mean in those cases where the ability to kill tons of human beings wasn't at stake? 
What if this product, even when working perfectly, was a leading destroyer of the earth's natural environment? 
What if this high-tech toy wasn't even designed to do what was expected of it and wasn't even able to do what it was designed for? 
Amazingly, even those shortcomings do not matter as long as the intention is massive murder and destruction. Then, all is forgiven. 
The tool I'm describing is called the F-35. At RootsAction.org you can find a new petition launched by locally-minded people acting globally in places where the F-35 is intended to be based. Also at that link you'll find explanations of how the tool I've been decribing is the F-35. 
The petition is directed to the United States Congress and the governments of Australia, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Turkey, the United Kingdom, Israel, Japan and South Korea from the world and from the people of Burlington, Vermont, and Fairbanks, Alaska, where the F-35 is to be based. This effort is being initiated by Vermont Stop the F35 Coalition, Save Our Skies Vermont, Western Maine Matters, Alaska Peace Center, University of Alaska Fairbanks Peace Club, North Star Chapter 146 Veterans For Peace, World Beyond War, RootsAction.org, Code Pink, and Ben Cohen. 
The petition reads: 
The F-35 is a weapon of offensive war, serving no defensive purpose. It is planned to cost the U.S. $1.4 trillion over 50 years. Because starvation on earth could be ended for $30 billion and the lack of clean drinking water for $11 billion per year, it is first and foremost through the wasting of resources that this airplane will kill. Military spending, contrary to popular misconception, also hurts the U.S. economy ( see here ) and other economies. The F-35 causes negative health impacts and cognitive impairment in children living near its bases. It renders housing near airports unsuitable for residential use. It has a high crash rate and horrible consequences to those living in the area of its crashes. Its emissions are a major environmental polluter. 
Wars are endangering the United States and other participating nations rather than protecting them. Nonviolent tools of law, diplomacy, aid, crisis prevention, and verifiable nuclear disarmament should be substituted for continuing counterproductive wars. Therefore, we, the undersigned, call for the immediate cancellation of the F-35 program as a whole, and the immediate cancellation of plans to base any such dangerous and noisy jets near populated areas. We oppose replacing the F-35 with any other weapon or basing the F-35 in any other locations. We further demand redirection of the money for the F-35 back into taxpayers' pockets, and into environmental and human needs in the U.S., other F-35 customer nations, and around the world, including to fight climate change, pay off student debt, rebuild crumbling infrastructure, and improve education, healthcare, and housing.
ARTICLE

Mystery death of Putin's ex-adviser in DC was accident, say US authorities   Intel news 
The mysterious death in Washington, DC, of a former senior adviser to Russian President Vladimir Putin, who had fallen out with the Russian president, was the result of an accident, US authorities have concluded after a year-long investigation. The body of Mikhail Yuriyevich Lesin, a well-known Russian media mogul, was found in the luxury Dupont Circle Hotel on November 5, 2015. According to reports, his body bore considerable injuries on his torso and limbs. Some unconfirmed updates suggested that Lesin had died from several 'blunt force injuries to the head'. But United States authorities refused to speculate on the cause of Lesin's death and opened an official investigation into the matter. 
Lesin became famous in Russia soon after the collapse of the communist system, when he founded Video International, an advertising and public-relations agency that was hired by Russian President Boris Yeltsin in 1995 to run his reelection campaign. Yeltsin's electoral success was partly attributed to the well-tailored media message projected by Lesin's company. The media magnate was rewarded by Yeltsin, who offered him influential government posts, including that of director of Russia's state-owned news agency Novosti. Meanwhile, Lesin became a media personality and frequently gave interviews espousing a free-enterprise model for the Russian media industry. But soon after Vladimir Putin's ascendance to the presidency, Lesin saw the writing on the wall and began advocating for increased government regulation of media and telecommunications conglomerates. In 1999, Putin made him Minister of Press, Broadcasting and Mass Communications, a post he held for nearly six years, until 2004. In 2006, Lesin was awarded the Order for Merit to the Fatherland, one of the most prestigious civilian decorations in Russia. 
But in late 2009, Putin abruptly fired Lesin from his post in the Kremlin's Media Advisory Commission, allegedly because the media mogul had developed close contacts with Russian organized crime. Lesin's ties with Putin's inner circle were further strained in 2014, when he resigned from his position as head of Gazprom Media, after he clashed with pro-Putin executives on the board. Last November, when Lesin's body was found in his hotel room by a member of the staff, some suggested that he may have been killed by the Kremlin. But On Friday, the Metropolitan Police Department of Washington, DC, in cooperation with the US Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia, said that Lesin's death had been the result of injuries 'induced by falls', which came after 'days of excessive consumption of alcohol'. The two agencies said that the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which had assisted in the investigation into Lesin's death, concurred with the results. Consequently, the investigation is now closed, they said. The Kremlin, the Russian embassy in Washington, and the FBI, have not commented on the case. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Trending Articles: Trending Articles: Genetically Modified Crops in U.S. Fail to Deliver on Promise of Greater Crop Yield and Diminished Pesticide Use Published: October 31, 2016 Source: New York Times 
LONDON 'î The controversy over genetically modified crops has long focused on largely unsubstantiated fears that they are unsafe to eat. 
But an extensive examination by The New York Times indicates that the debate has missed a more basic problem 'î genetic modification in the United States and Canada has not accelerated increases in crop yields or led to an overall reduction in the use of chemical pesticides. 
The promise of genetic modification was twofold: By making crops immune to the effects of weedkillers and inherently resistant to many pests, they would grow so robustly that they would become indispensable to feeding the world's growing population, while also requiring fewer applications of sprayed pesticides. 
Twenty years ago, Europe largely rejected genetic modification at the same time the United States and Canada were embracing it. Comparing results on the two continents, using independent data as well as academic and industry research, shows how the technology has fallen short of the promise. 
An analysis by The Times using U.N. data showed that the United States and Canada have gained no discernible advantage in yields when measured against Western Europe, a region with comparably modernized agricultural producers like France and Germany . Also, a recent National Academy of Sciences report found 'there was little evidence' that the introduction of genetically modified crops in the United States had led to yield gains beyond those seen in conventional crops. 
At the same time, herbicide use has increased in the United States, even as major crops like corn, soybeans and cotton have been converted to modified varieties. And the United States has fallen behind Europe's biggest producer, France, in reducing the overall use of pesticides, which includes both herbicides and insecticides.
ARTICLE

John Pilger: Inside The Invisible Government: War, Propaganda, Clinton And Trump   
The American journalist, Edward Bernays, is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. 
The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psycho-analysis, it was Bernays who coined the term 'public relations' as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. 
In 1929, he persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade 'ì behaviour then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, 'Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!' 
Bernays' influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was 'engineering the consent' of people in order to 'control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it'. 
He described this as 'the true ruling power in our society' and called it an 'invisible government'. 
Freud had a cousin called Edward Bernays, who has since earned the title 'father of Public Relations'. Bernays took Freud's idea and applied it to consumers. If desire is our driving force, then appealing to emotions is the most powerful way to persuade consumers to act. The idea was to short circuit their rational conscious and get them where they were most vulnerable 'ì the unconscious 
Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged. 
Imagine two cities. Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters embedded with them, who enthusiastically report their battles and air strikes. There are front page pictures of these heroic soldiers giving a V-sign for victory. There is scant mention of civilian casualties. 
In the second city 'ì in another country nearby 'ì almost exactly the same is happening. Government forces are laying siege to a city controlled by the same breed of fanatics. 
The difference is that these fanatics are supported, supplied and armed by 'us''ì by the United States and Britain. They even have a media centre that is funded by Britain and America. 
Another difference is that the government soldiers laying siege to this city are the bad guys, condemned for assaulting and bombing the city 'ì which is exactly what the good soldiers do in the first city. 
Confusing? Not really. Such is the basic double standard that is the essence of propaganda. I am referring, of course, to the current siege of the city of Mosul by the government forces of Iraq, who are backed by the United States and Britain and to the siege of Aleppo by the government forces of Syria, backed by Russia. One is good; the other is bad. 
Iraq War as portrayed on two popular American news magazines. Terrorists and hero savours are typical propaganda images 
What is seldom reported is that both cities would not be occupied by fanatics and ravaged by war if Britain and the United States had not invaded Iraq in 2003. That criminal enterprise was launched on lies strikingly similar to the propaganda that now distorts our understanding of the civil war in Syria. 
Without this drumbeat of propaganda dressed up as news, the monstrous ISIS and Al-Qaida and al-Nusra and the rest of the jihadist gang might not exist, and the people of Syria might not be fighting for their lives today. 
Some may remember in 2003 a succession of BBC reporters turning to the camera and telling us that Blair was 'vindicated' for what turned out to be the crime of the century. The US television networks produced the same validation for George W. Bush. Fox News brought on Henry Kissinger to effuse over Colin Powell's fabrications.The same year, soon after the invasion, I filmed an interview in Washington with Charles Lewis, the renowned American investigative journalist. I asked him, 'What would have happened if the freest media in the world had seriously challenged what turned out to be crude propaganda?' 
He replied that if journalists had done their job, 'there is a very, very good chance we would not have gone to war in Iraq'. 
It was a shocking statement, and one supported by other famous journalists to whom I put the same question 'î Dan Rather of CBS, David Rose of the Observer and journalists and producers in the BBC, who wished to remain anonymous. 
In other words, had journalists done their job, had they challenged and investigated the propaganda instead of amplifying it, hundreds of thousands of men, women and children would be alive today, and there would be no ISIS and no siege of Aleppo or Mosul. 
There would have been no atrocity on the London Underground on 7th July 2005. There would have been no flight of millions of refugees; there would be no miserable camps. 
When the terrorist atrocity happened in Paris last November, President Francoise Hollande immediately sent planes to bomb Syria 'ì and more terrorism followed, predictably, the product of Hollande's bombast about France being 'at war' and 'showing no mercy'. That state violence and jihadist violence feed off each other is the truth that no national leader has the courage to speak. 
'When the truth is replaced by silence,' said the Soviet dissident Yevtushenko, 'the silence is a lie.' 
The attack on Iraq, the attack on Libya, the attack on Syria happened because the leader in each of these countries was not a puppet of the West. The human rights record of a Saddam or a Gaddafi was irrelevant. They did not obey orders and surrender control of their country. 
The same fate awaited Slobodan Milosevic once he had refused to sign an 'agreement' that demanded the occupation of Serbia and its conversion to a market economy. His people were bombed, and he was prosecuted in The Hague. Independence of this kind is intolerable. 
As WikLeaks has revealed, it was only when the Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad in 2009 rejected an oil pipeline, running through his country from Qatar to Europe, that he was attacked. 
From that moment, the CIA planned to destroy the government of Syria with jihadist fanatics 'ì the same fanatics currently holding the people of Mosul and eastern Aleppo hostage. 
Why is this not news? The former British Foreign Office official Carne Ross, who was responsible for operating sanctions against Iraq, told me: 'We would feed journalists factoids of sanitised intelligence, or we would freeze them out. That is how it worked.' 

Propaganda is most effective when our consent is engineered by those with a fine education 'ì Oxford, Cambridge, Harvard, Columbia 'î and with careers on the BBC, the Guardian, the New York Times, the Washington Post. 
These organisations are known as the liberal media. They present themselves as enlightened, progressive tribunes of the moral zeitgeist. They are anti-racist, pro-feminist and pro-LGBT. 
And they love war. 
While they speak up for feminism, they support rapacious wars that deny the rights of countless women, including the right to life. 
Daily Mail 25 Oct 2011: reports that 'A Libyan revolutionary fighter has bragged in a leaked video that he was the man who killed Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, that country's despotic former ruler. The young man, who is pictured but has not yet been identified, said he killed the fallen dictator because he could not bear the thought of taking him alive.' 
In 2011, Libya, then a modern state, was destroyed on the pretext that Muammar Gaddafi was about to commit genocide on his own people. That was the incessant news; and there was no evidence. It was a lie. 
In fact, Britain, Europe and the United States wanted what they like to call 'regime change' in Libya, the biggest oil producer in Africa. Gaddafi's influence in the continent and, above all, his independence were intolerable. 
So he was murdered with a knife in his rear by fanatics, backed by America, Britain and France. Hillary Clinton cheered his gruesome death for the camera, declaring, 'We came, we saw, he died!' 
The destruction of Libya was a media triumph. As the war drums were beaten, Jonathan Freedland wrote in the Guardian: 'Though the risks are very real, the case for intervention remains strong.' 
Intervention 'ì what a polite, benign, Guardian word, whose real meaning, for Libya, was death and destruction. 
According to its own records, Nato launched 9,700 'strike sorties' against Libya, of which more than a third were aimed at civilian targets. They included missiles with uranium warheads. Look at the photographs of the rubble of Misurata and Sirte, and the mass graves identified by the Red Cross. The Unicef report on the children killed says, 'most [of them] under the age of ten'. 
As a direct consequence, Sirte became the capital of ISIS. Ukraine is another media triumph. Respectable liberal newspapers such as the New York Times, the Washington Post and the Guardian, and mainstream broadcasters such as the BBC, NBC, CBS, CNN have played a critical role in conditioning their viewers to accept a new and dangerous cold war. 
All have misrepresented events in Ukraine as a malign act by Russia when, in fact, the coup in Ukraine in 2014 was the work of the United States, aided by Germany and Nato. 
This inversion of reality is so pervasive that Washington's military intimidation of Russia is not news; it is suppressed behind a smear and scare campaign of the kind I grew up with during the first cold war. Once again, the Ruskies are coming to get us, led by another Stalin, whom The Economist depicts as the devil. 
The suppression of the truth about Ukraine is one of the most complete news blackouts I can remember. The fascists who engineered the coup in Kiev are the same breed that backed the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941. Of all the scares about the rise of fascist anti-Semitism in Europe, no leader ever mentions the fascists in Ukraine 'ì except Vladimir Putin, but he does not count. 
Many in the Western media have worked hard to present the ethnic Russian-speaking population of Ukraine as outsiders in their own country, as agents of Moscow, almost never as Ukrainians seeking a federation within Ukraine and as Ukrainian citizens resisting a foreign-orchestrated coup against their elected government. 
There is almost the joie d'esprit of a class reunion of warmongers. The drum-beaters of the Washington Post inciting war with Russia are the very same editorial writers who published the lie that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. 
To most of us, the American presidential campaign is a media freak show, in which Donald Trump is the arch villain. But Trump is loathed by those with power in the United States for reasons that have little to do with his obnoxious behaviour and opinions. To the invisible government in Washington, the unpredictable Trump is an obstacle to America's design for the 21st century. 
This is to maintain the dominance of the United States and to subjugate Russia, and, if possible, China. 
To the militarists in Washington, the real problem with Trump is that, in his lucid moments, he seems not to want a war with Russia; he wants to talk with the Russian president, not fight him; he says he wants to talk with the president of China. 
In the first debate with Hillary Clinton, Trump promised not to be the first to introduce nuclear weapons into a conflict. He said, 'I would certainly not do first strike. Once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over.' That was not news. 
Did he really mean it? Who knows? He often contradicts himself. But what is clear is that Trump is considered a serious threat to the status quo maintained by the vast national security machine that runs the United States, regardless of who is in the White House. 
Anti-Trump Boston Globe Sunday Edition Crosses the Line From News into Propaganda 
The CIA wants him beaten. The Pentagon wants him beaten. The media wants him beaten. Even his own party wants him beaten. He is a threat to the rulers of the world 'ì unlike Clinton who has left no doubt she is prepared to go to war with nuclear-armed Russia and China. 
Clinton has the form, as she often boasts. Indeed, her record is proven. As a senator, she backed the bloodbath in Iraq. When she ran against Obama in 2008, she threatened to 'totally obliterate' Iran. As Secretary of State, she colluded in the destruction of governments in Libya and Honduras and set in train the baiting of China. 
She has now pledged to support a No Fly Zone in Syria 'ì a direct provocation for war with Russia. Clinton may well become the most dangerous president of the United States in my lifetime 'ì a distinction for which the competition is fierce. 
Without a shred of evidence, she has accused Russia of supporting Trump and hacking her emails. Released by WikiLeaks, these emails tell us that what Clinton says in private, in speeches to the rich and powerful, is the opposite of what she says in public. 
That is why silencing and threatening Julian Assange is so important. As the editor of WikiLeaks, Assange knows the truth. And let me assure those who are concerned, he is well, and WikiLeaks is operating on all cylinders. 
Today, the greatest build-up of American-led forces since World War Two is under way 'ì in the Caucasus and eastern Europe, on the border with Russia, and in Asia and the Pacific, where China is the target. 
Keep that in mind when the presidential election circus reaches its finale on November 8th, If the winner is Clinton, a Greek chorus of witless commentators will celebrate her coronation as a great step forward for women. None will mention Clinton's victims: the women of Syria, the women of Iraq, the women of Libya. None will mention the civil defence drills being conducted in Russia. None will recall Edward Bernays''torches of freedom'. 
George Bush's press spokesman once called the media 'complicit enablers'. 
Coming from a senior official in an administration whose lies, enabled by the media, caused such suffering, that description is a warning from history. 
In 1946, the Nuremberg Tribunal prosecutor said of the German media: 'Before every major aggression, they initiated a press campaign calculated to weaken their victims and to prepare the German people psychologically for the attack. In the propaganda system, it was the daily press and the radio that were the most important weapons.' 

Follow John Pilger on twitter @johnpilger Share This Article...
ARTICLE

How Easy-to-hack Voting Machines Endanger Democracy   Source: Who What Why 
Since the 'Help America Vote Act' in 2002, tallying votes in our elections has become dependent on machines that sometimes leave no paper trail. Manufacturers have 'proprietary' programs and will not let any public officials or independent experts examine them. 
On a cold winter day in 2007, Andrew Appel, a Princeton computer professor and election specialist, changed the outcome on one of these machines in seven minutes. He proved something that should alarm everyone: in effect, it took seven minutes per machine to steal an election. 
In testimony to a House of Representatives Technology Committee on September 28, 2016, which is now suddenly paying attention because of the fear of 'Russian' hacking, Appel noted: 
'Installing new software in a voting machine is not really much different from installing new software in any other kind of computer. Installing new software is how you hack a voting machine to cheat. In 2009, in the courtroom of the Superior Court of New Jersey, I demonstrated how to hack a voting machine. I wrote a vote-stealing computer program that shifts votes from one candidate to another. Installing that vote-stealing program in a voting machine takes seven minutes, per machine, with a screwdriver.' 
Machines were initially adopted for vote counting over a century ago,because they promised speed and convenience. They can tally results more quickly than a more reliable and re-checkable hand count. 
From the beginning, there were ways to corrupt non-computerized machines, Appel said. One such ploy was the 'pencil shaving trick.' Putting shavings on the lever of an opposition party would choke off counting ballots until the shavings came loose and fell free. 
While this left a tell-tale discrepancy between the counted results and the number of voters who signed in at that polling place to vote, the scam worked if no one checked. Latest Computers Easier to Hack . 
You might think the advent of computerized voting machines, starting around 2002, would have made it harder to corrupt vote counting. In fact, even the latest generation of such machines are much easier to hack without leaving a trace. 
These machines are big money-makers for private corporations, which lobbied legislators about their supposed advantages. But they also pose a serious threat to the integrity of our elections. 
DRE Direct-Recording Electronic or 'touchscreen' voting machines that leave no paper trail will be mainly used by voters in 14 states, according to the Brennan Center,. Those states include Georgia, and Pennsylvania 'î which are in play this year. Even large regions of Ohio, Virginia, North Carolina and many other states still use them. Among the brand names are Shouptronic , AVC Advantage , AccuVote OS , Optech-III Eagle . 
Most of these machines are over 10 years old, and the local authorities have no manuals for maintenance and repair. Claiming a lack of funds, state legislatures have refused to replace them. 
In 14 states, either computer error or Appel-like reprogramming could distort results. Without a paper trail, the only way to check the tally is through 'initial' exit polling conducted throughout the full span of voting hours and ending when the polls close. 
Voting machines: Danaher Shouptronic 1242, Sequoia (Dominion) AVC Advantage, Premier/Diebold (Dominion) AccuVote OS and Optech IIIP-Eagle. Photo credit: Verified Voting 
Touchscreen machines were widely used in Ohio in the 2004 Kerry-Bush election, the only one of 154 American contests that year in which initial exit polling, which is ordinarily reliable, was markedly out of sync with the officially announced total. Those who know about computers have long been skeptical of this result. 
As Appel has demonstrated, tt takes no super-hacking skills to alter voting counts: 'I did this in a secure facility and I'm confident my program has not leaked out to affect real elections, but really the software I built was not rocket science 'î any computer programmer could write the same code. Once it's installed, it could steal elections without detection for years to come.' 

But if computer experts can hack every variety of touchscreen machine, what about foreign governments or domestic organizations? 
'Other computer scientists have demonstrated similar hacks on many models of machine,' Appel added. 'This is not just one glitch in one manufacturer's machine, it's the very nature of computers.' 
In late July and early August, columns by Hiawatha Bray in the Boston Globe, and Zeynep Tufekci of The New York Times questioned for the first time whether voting in American elections is secure from such hacking 'î with suspicion directed, though without evidence, primarily at Russia. Suddenly, the disorganization and lack of transparency of American vote counting had become a National Security Issue. 
In late September, the US House of Representatives Subcommittee on Information Technology held hearings on ' Cybersecurity: Ensuring the Integrity of the Ballot Box.' 
Weighing in on the issue, President Barack Obama pointed out that most American elections are local or state, done under diverse procedures and laws, and involving a large number of voters. Even if particular computers, or a system of computers connected to the Internet, could be hacked from the outside, it would be hard for a foreign or domestic outlaw to falsify the results of a national election. 
On the surface, this is a heartening thought. But consider a close election like 2004. A targeted hack 'î say, altering one candidate's vote by an algorithm that kicks in as precincts increase in size 'î might alter the outcome in certain key counties in a swing state 
In addition, voter registration lists are centralized and kept on the Internet. During the Arizona and New York primaries, many Democrats, often younger ones, reported that their registration was changed without their knowledge. They were listed as a Republican or Independent or with no year of registration indicated; as a result, they couldn't vote in their party's primary. 
This turned out to have been done by election officials 'by accident,' and perhaps also by hackers via Internet access. Bones to Pick with Bipartisan Watchdogs . 
Now elections are watched over by bipartisan committees in which Appel has some confidence. At least, he points out, such supervision does not depend on a single powerful party or leader: 
'When we elect our government officials, sometimes we are voting for or against the very person or political party who is in office right now, running that very election! How can we trust that this person is running the election fairly? The answer is, we organize our elections so we don't have to trust any single person or party. 
'That's why, when you go to the polls in most places, there are typically two poll-workers there, often (by law) from different political parties; and there are poll-watchers, representing the parties to make sure everything is done right. That's why recounts are done in the presence of witnesses from both parties. We run our elections transparently so the parties can watch each other, and the result is that even the losing candidate can trust that the election was run fairly. ' 
But there are two problems here. So-called bipartisanship means that third parties, such as the Green Party and the Libertarian Party, are by definition excluded. 
In addition, many aspects of the process end up in the hands of a single individual. Chief Clerk of Elections Diane Haslett-Rudiano arbitrarily stripped 123,000 people from the Brooklyn voter rolls in this year's New York Democratic primary. She was later fired by the Board of Elections 'î after the.election was over . Systemic Weak Points . 
But Appel is even more worried about a systemic weak point in the electoral process. 
'Voting machines are often delivered to polling places several days before the election 'î to elementary schools, churches, firehouses. In these locations anyone could gain access to a voting machine for 10 minutes. Between elections the machines are routinely opened up for maintenance by county employees or private contractors. Let's assume they have the utmost integrity, but still, in the US we try to run our elections so that we can trust the election results without relying on any one individual.' The Necessity of Recountable Paper Ballots . 
The only sure way to run a fair election, Appel says, is to use and keep paper ballots. In 2009, Germany adopted a system in which an initial exit poll is announced immediately after voting closes 'î this determines a range of plausible results within a margin of error 'î and then paper ballots are counted by hand. They have, since that time, had no major controversies about electoral fairness. 
Appel testified that newer, optical screen voting machines can be equally secure if paper ballots are kept and checked. Premier Optical Scan with Automark is used, in parts of California, Colorado, and since 2008, under Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner, in parts of Ohio. Often, these involve entering your vote, and leaving a record, which you see in the machine, on a paper tape, of how your ballot was cast. 
But there are two striking problems with even these somewhat better machines. First, in 2014, the Environmental Protection Agency discovered that Volkswagens had an internal computer program which had long passed US emission tests, but polluted forty times more on the road . The cars were able to recognize when they were being tested (and had to keep the emission controls switched on) and when they were on the road and could pollute at will without fear of being caught. As Barbara Simons of Verified Voting aptly put it, we do not want 'VW-style elections.' 
Appel's mantra is: 'any computer can be hacked.' 
Separating paper ballots physically from a computerized tape and keeping them in a different location, many computer experts believe, would provide further insurance against hacking even on optical scan machines. 
Second, challenging the results, particularly in a presidential election and even starting from an automatic recount, as Al Gore did in Florida in 2000, is very difficult. It would take a long time to recount the votes, even if the party in power were not trying to sabotage it'¶ 
So the most important thing, as in Germany, is to get each election right in the first place. Why, we might ask, have officials sold public elections and the equal right to vote 'î again, the most important public feature of our democracy 'î to private, profit-making corporations? Once again, these corporations, claiming their programs are 'proprietary' secrets, do not allow any independent check of how they operate . 
A few states like New Mexico have adopted, Appel says, a model procedure for close or controversial elections: 
*Immediately conduct a random recount of part of the paper ballots. 
*If there is an error, do a full recount. 
*Do not certify an election until both are done.' 
Appel and nine other experts, including Lawrence Norden from the Democracy Program of the Brennan Center at the New York University Law School and John McCarthy of the Verified Voting Foundation, offered 10 suggestions for securing existing machines and registration lists. For instance, they underline that 'without voter-verified paper ballots, effective audits are impossible; they recommend checking samples from the voting system with hand counts of matched sets of paper ballots, recruiting technical experts to help with such tests, and publicizing the results, before certification of the election. 
They also recommend a new, detailed ballot accounting by each polling center and reconciliation with the number of those who signed in to vote there. Still, to put these procedures into practice would probably require sustained pressure from the voting public. 
Moreover, anyone familiar with vote counting in precincts across the country knows that many computer checking and security measures these experts recommend are far too sophisticated for most poll-watchers to implement before the November 8 election. Further, all Secretaries of State, who are often unabashed political partisans, would have to have good intentions 'î an assumption hard to reconcile with the actions of Kenneth Blackwell in Ohio in 2004 or Katherine Harris in Florida in 2000. 
In contrast, consider the record of Dana Debeauvoir, election clerk in Travis County which includes the University of Texas (Austin). She has worked with critics and computer experts, to propose a new type of encryption plus a paper record (it will not be ready, unfortunately, until the 2020 election). 
A federal law requiring oversight of elections by politically independent or neutral state officials would vastly improve the security of the American electoral process. But Appel is not optimistic about the prospect of Congressionally mandated reforms. For the upcoming election, some of the recommended measures will be in place in some jurisdictions across the country. 
After this election, however, with a strong democratic push from below, it might be possible to outlaw the highly insecure DREs ( touch-screen machines), provide adequate funding as well as training for election officials nationwide, and ensure an independent paper trail on optical scan machines. 
In fact, it might even be possible to go to a paper ballot backed up by an initial exit poll. In contrast to this November 8 'î when, at best, only the large scale of the election makes likely a trustworthy result 'î such reforms would ensure that our elections are, both in appearance and in reality, fair. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Osama bin Laden's older brother rents out luxury student flats in Scotland   
The older brother of 9/11 mastermind Osama bin Laden is one of Scotland's richest student landlords, it has emerged. 
Bakr Mohammed bin Laden, brother of the deceased Al-Qaeda chief, was identified as the owner of Glasgow's Woodside House 'ì a luxury student apartment complex. 
The building, which was opened earlier this year, sits on a site worth ¬£1.5 million ($1.8 million) in the affluent Glasgow neighborhood of West End. 
Wealthy students are charged ¬£13,000 per year to reside in the extravagant studio flats, while enjoying access to dinner party rooms, a private gym, and a cinema. The Saudi tycoon is one of the partners of Kelso Estates Ltd, which officially owns the property. 
'In addition to two other current officers, engineer Bakr Mohammed bin Laden is indeed named as a person with significant control of Kelso Estates Ltd,' said the building's management company Collegiate AC Chief Executive Heriberto Cuanalo. 
Engineering student Chenhan Ye, from China, said he was 'certainly surprised' to learn bin Laden owns the building he lives in. 
'I think people will see this as a risk,' 
Student housing campaign Rent Strike, which has been fighting against spiraling student rents, told RT the 'story only furthers our longstanding belief that all landlords are b*stards.' 
'We look forward to damaging his profit margins in due course,' a spokesperson said. 
Bakr bin Laden is the owner of the billion dollar construction company Saudi Binladin Group, which is responsible for building Riyadh's King Abdullah Financial District with a ¬£816 million check. 
Sources describe bin Laden as 'the true ruler of Jeddah,' but the billionaire keeps a very low profile. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Clintons Are Under Multiple FBI Investigations as Agents Are Stymied   Source: Wall street on parade 
Disgraced Former Congressman Anthony Weiner and His Wife, Longtime Hillary Clinton Aide, Huma Abedin 
Current and former FBI officials have launched a media counter-offensive to engage head to head with the Clinton media machine and to throw off the shackles the Loretta Lynch Justice Department has used to stymie their multiple investigations into the Clinton pay-to-play network. 
Over the past weekend, former FBI Assistant Director and current CNN Senior Law Enforcement Analyst Tom Fuentes told viewers that 'the FBI has an intensive investigation ongoing into the Clinton Foundation.' He said he had received this information from 'senior officials' at the FBI, 'several of them, in and out of the Bureau.' (See video clip from CNN below.) 
That information was further supported by an in-depth article last evening in the Wall Street Journal by Devlin Barrett. According to Barrett, the 'probe of the foundation began more than a year ago to determine whether financial crimes or influence peddling occurred related to the charity.' Barrett's article suggests that the Justice Department, which oversees the FBI, has attempted to circumvent the investigation. The new revelations lead to the appearance of wrongdoing on the part of U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch for secretly meeting with Bill Clinton on her plane on the tarmac of Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport on the evening of June 28 of this year. Not only was Bill Clinton's wife under an FBI investigation at the time over her use of a private email server in the basement of her New York home over which Top Secret material was transmitted while she was Secretary of State but his own charitable foundation was also under investigation, a fact that was unknown at the time to the public and the media. 
The reports leaking out of the FBI over the weekend came on the heels of FBI Director James Comey sending a letter to members of Congress on Friday acknowledging that the investigation into the Hillary Clinton email server was not closed as he had previously testified to Congress, but had been reopened as a result of 'pertinent' emails turning up. According to multiple media sources, those emails were found on the laptop of Anthony Weiner, estranged husband of Hillary Clinton's longtime aide, Huma Abedin. 
Weiner was forced to resign from Congress in 2011 over a sexting scandal with more sexting scandals to follow . Early this month, on October 3, the FBI raided Weiner's apartment in New York with a search warrant in hand and seized multiple electronic devices. At least one of those devices had been used by both Weiner and Abedin to send email messages. The search warrant had been obtained following a detailed report that had appeared in the Daily Mail newspaper in the U.K. in September, showing sordid, sexual emails that Weiner had allegedly sent to a 15-year old girl in North Carolina. According to the content of the published emails, Weiner was aware that the girl was underage.
ARTICLE

Is This Why Comey Broke: A Stack Of Resignation Letters From Furious FBI Agents   Source: Zero Hedge 
Conspiracy theories have swirled in recent days as to why FBI Director James Comey reopened Hillary's email investigation after just closing it back in July concluding that, although Hillary had demonstrated gross negligence in her establishment of a private email server, that "no reasonable prosecutor" would bring a case against her. Democrats, after lavishing Comey with praise for months on concluding his investigation in an "impartial" way, have since lashed out at him for seeking to influence the 2016 election cycle with Hillary herself describing his recent actions as "deeply troubling". Republicans, on the other hand, have praised Comey's recent efforts as an attempt to correct a corrupt investigation that seemingly ignored critical evidence while granting numerous immunity agreements to Clinton staffers. 
According to the Daily Mail , and a source close to James Comey, the decision, at least in part, came after he "could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI" who "felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist." 
James Comey's decision to revive the investigation of Hillary Clinton's email server and her handling of classified material came after he could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI , including some of his top deputies, according to a source close to the embattled FBI director. 
'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
'Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
'The people he trusts the most have been the angriest at him,' the source continued. 'And that includes his wife, Pat. She kept urging him to admit that he had been wrong when he refused to press charges against the former secretary of state. 
Though we're sure there are many facets behind Comey's decision making process, we can all be quite certain, at this point, that he's not motivated by a desire to make friends having now alienated just about everyone in Washington, both in law enforcement and in both political parties. In fact, after Tim Kaine just last week praised Comey as a "wonderful" career public servant with the "highest standards of integrity" .... 
...everything has now been turned on it's head with Hillary calling his latest moves "unprecedented and deeply troubling"...seemingly implying an attempt, on the part of Comey, to "rig" the election from Trump . 
Meanwhile, President Obama and Attorney General Loretta Lynch are apparently also "furious" with Comey over his recent decision. 
His announcement about the revived investigation, which came just 11 days before the presidential election, was greeted with shock and dismay by Attorney General Loretta Lynch and the prosecutors at the Justice Department. 
'Jim told me that Lynch and Obama are furious with him,' the source said. 
'Lynch and Obama haven't contacted Jim directly,' said the source, 'but they've made it crystal clear through third parties that they disapprove of his effort to save face.' 
And while the decision to reopen the case may appease FBI agents and republicans, in the short-term, we suspect it does very little to restore overall faith in his competence. As such, we continue to question just how long Comey can hold out before being forced to resign his post. At a bare minimum, in light of his continued questionable judgement and serious doubts raised about the integrity of the first investigation, we fail to understand how an independent investigation into Hillary's email server isn't warranted. 
OOOOh! The remorse! The GUILT ! I can almost feel it from here! 
Get off it, ....you jabbering, fast talking, asshole. 
Statements? ... 'Reopening investigations' (Is that a maybe you wiil have a couple of interns fiddle with Emails a little longer?) and then having legal promptly announce they will take MONTHS and MONTHS to complete the case? .... We Have AN ELECTION LOOKING AT US! ..We need to know who the bad guys are. But, then we already know, don't we? 
No, a resignation is in order. .. Declare a 'conflict of interest' and turn states evidence would be more like it. .... You - Are - A - Crook Dir Comey. 
I know ZHers are getting tired of seeing this but for the benefit of any little clueless FBI junior G-Men out there that can still read English:
ARTICLE

When the FBI Has a Phone It Can't Crack, It Calls These Israeli Hackers   Source: The Intercept 

Earlier this year, at the height of a very public battle between the FBI and Apple over whether the computer maker would help decrypt a mass murderer's locked iPhone, it appeared that a little-known, 17-year-old Israeli firm named Cellebrite Mobile Synchronization might finally get its moment in the spotlight. 
After weeks of insisting that only Apple could help the feds unlock the phone of San Bernardino killer Syed Rizwan Farook, the Justice Department suddenly revealed that a third party had provided a way to get into the device. Speculation swirled around the identity of that party until an Israeli newspaper reported it was Cellebrite. 
It turns out the company was not the third party that helped the FBI. A Cellebrite representative said as much during a panel discussion at a high-tech crimes conference in Minnesota this past April, according to a conference attendee who spoke with The Intercept. And sources who spoke with the Washington Post earlier this year also ruled out Cellebrite's involvement, though Yossi Carmil, one of Cellebrite's CEOs, declined to comment on the matter when asked by The Intercept. 
But the attention around the false report obscured a bigger, more interesting truth: Cellebrite's researchers have become, over the last decade, the FBI's go-to hackers for mobile forensics. Many other federal agencies also rely on the company's expertise to get into mobile devices. Cellebrite has contracts with the FBI going back to 2009, according to federal procurement records, but also with the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Secret Service, and DHS's Customs and Border Protection. U.S. state and local law enforcement agencies use Cellebrite's researchers and tools as well, as does the U.S. military, to extract data from phones seized from suspected terrorists and others in battle zones. 
The company is poised to seize a prominent and somewhat ominous place in the public imagination; just as Apple has come to be seen as a warrior for digital protection and privacy against overreaching government surveillance, Cellebrite is emerging as its law-and-order counterpart, endeavoring to build tools to break through the barriers Apple and other phone makers erect to protect data. 
'Vendors '¶ are implementing more and more security features into their product, and that's definitely challenging for us,' says Shahar Tal, director of research at Cellebrite. 'But we've solved these challenges before [and] we continue to solve these challenges today.' 
In July, months after the unknown third party provided the FBI with a method for getting into the San Bernardino phone 'î an iPhone 5C running iOS 9 'î Cellebrite announced that it had developed its own technique for bypassing the phone's password/encryption lock. And the company is confident that it will be able to deal successfully with future security changes Apple may make to its phones in the wake of the San Bernardino case.
ARTICLE

NEW Donna Brazile email shows more questions given to Hillary in advance.   | Print This 
Her family has lead poison and she will ask what, if anything, will Hillary do as president to help the ppl of Flint. Folks, I did a service project today. It's so tragic. And what's worse, some homes have not been tested and it's important to encourage seniors to also get tested. Sent from Donna's I Pad. Follow me on twitter @donnabrazile 
Download raw source Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Received: by 10.25.88.78 with SMTP id m75csp785144lfb; Sat, 5 Mar 2016 15:16:36 -0800 (PST) X-Received: by 10.107.10.20 with SMTP id u20mr15455469ioi.160.1457219796322; Sat, 05 Mar 2016 15:16:36 -0800 (PST) Return-Path: <donna@brazileassociates.com> Received: from smtp94.ord1c.emailsrvr.com (smtp94.ord1c.emailsrvr.com. [108.166.43.94]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id x1si5748423igl.20.2016.03.05.15.16.35 for <john.podesta@gmail.com> (version=TLS1 cipher=AES128-SHA bits=128/128); Sat, 05 Mar 2016 15:16:36 -0800 (PST) Received-SPF: neutral (google.com: 108.166.43.94 is neither permitted nor denied by best guess record for domain of ) client-ip=108.166.43.94; Authentication-Results: mx.google.com; spf=neutral (google.com: 108.166.43.94 is neither permitted nor denied by best guess record for domain of ) smtp.mailfrom=donna@brazileassociates.com Received: from smtp12.relay.ord1c.emailsrvr.com (localhost.localdomain [127.0.0.1]) by smtp12.relay.ord1c.emailsrvr.com (SMTP Server) with ESMTP id AEA0E380181; Sat, 5 Mar 2016 18:16:35 -0500 (EST) Received: from smtp192.mex05.mlsrvr.com (unknown [184.106.31.85]) by smtp12.relay.ord1c.emailsrvr.com (SMTP Server) with ESMTPS id A1E6C380171; Sat, 5 Mar 2016 18:16:35 -0500 (EST) X-Sender-Id: Received: from smtp192.mex05.mlsrvr.com ([UNAVAILABLE]. [184.106.31.85]) (using TLSv1 with cipher AES256-SHA) by 0.0.0.0:25 (trex/5.5.4); Sat, 05 Mar 2016 18:16:35 -0500 Received: from ORD2MBX03G.mex05.mlsrvr.com ([fe80::92e2:baff:fe20:be50]) by ORD2HUB27.mex05.mlsrvr.com ([fe80::be30:5bff:fef5:1eb8%15]) with mapi id 14.03.0235.001; Sat, 5 Mar 2016 17:16:35 -0600 From: Donna Brazile <donna@brazileassociates.com> To: "john.podesta@gmail.com" <john.podesta@gmail.com>, Jennifer Palmieri <jpalmieri@hillaryclinton.com> CC: Adrienne Elrod <aelrod@hillaryclinton.com>, Minyon Moore <Minyon.Moore@deweysquare.com> Subject: One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash Thread-Topic: One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash Thread-Index: AdF3NQ9ZgXjJ0bvXRrqmqv8rTKbGbA== Date: Sat, 5 Mar 2016 23:16:34 +0000 Message-ID: <088DA582-5DFC-46B9-8767-0EB2FE42E57D@brazileassociates.com> Accept-Language: en-US Content-Language: en-US X-MS-Has-Attach: X-MS-TNEF-Correlator: Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii" Content-ID: <87E4B303477C2E41BFCAF7FE920279AB@mex05.mlsrvr.com> Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable MIME-Version: 1.0 Her family has lead poison and she will ask what, if anything, will Hillary= do as president to help the ppl of Flint. Folks, I did a service project today. It's so tragic. And what's worse, som= e homes have not been tested and it's important to encourage seniors to als= o get tested. Sent from Donna's I Pad. Follow me on twitter @donnabrazile Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Colonial Gas Pipeline Explodes In Shelby County, Alabama - Live Stream   Source: Zero Hedge 
A massive plume of smoke is filling the skyline after a gas pipeline exploded in Helena, Alabama according to CBS42. Fire units are headed to the scene, according to McAdory Fire Station #2. Alagasco has stated that the fire is from a petroleum line. According to the Shelby County Sheriff's office, the blast was on the Colonial Line, with 8-9 people injured. The Sheriff adds that the blast happened during crew work. 
The explosion took place near 334 Highway 13. At this time, a response team has been called in from Jefferson County as well as a tanker from the McAdory Fire Department. 
Vestavia Hills Fire Department has also arrived on the scene, along with Shelby County's Sheriff's Department. 

UAB has received five patients associated with the explosion who arrived by LifeFlight helicopter. At this time, there is no word on their condition, but CBS42 has learned that they are being treated for burns. 

Helena police are stating that there was an explosion in the Shelby County Jurisdiction, and that no Helena residents are in danger. 
Travel is not being impacted to students who get dropped off on County Road 13, according to the transportation director with Shelby County schools.
ARTICLE

US Backed Saudi Airstrikes Kill 100 Yemenis In Two Days   Source: Jason Ditz, Antiwar.com 

People gather at the al-Zaydiya security headquarters that was destroyed by Saudi-led airstrikes Saturday, in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, Yemen, Sunday, Oct. 30, 2016. Security and medical officials say dozens of prisoners and security personnel are feared dead after airstrikes battered two prisons inside the security headquarters. (AP Photo/Abdoo Alkarim Alayashy) 
While the biggest single Saudi airstrike over the weekend in Yemen targeted a prison in Hodeidah, dozens of other strikes were reported over the weekend by villagers around Taiz and in the Maarib Province, with attacks killing at least 27 civilians , and wounding a number of others. 
Most of the casualties were in Taiz, where attacks destroyed several homes and caused a large number of injuries. With hospitals in the area having very limited access to medicine because of the naval blockade, many of those injuries proved fatal. 
The attacks in Maarib and Saada, however, may prove more devastating to the country in the long run, targeting some of the very limited farmland Yemen has, destroying a number of villagers' homes and burning a lot of that farmland. Yemen has to import some 90 percent of its food under normal circumstances, with such imports severely limited by the blockade, and the loss of farmland just adds to food insecurity in the nation. 
Saudi Arabia has been coming under growing international criticism for its air war against Yemen, with massive numbers of civilians killed and little sign that the promised improvements to targeting will ever amount to anything. 
Previous article from Anti-war.com From October 30th: 
Mostly destroyed and no longer usable, the prison in the Yemeni city of Hodeidah held 84 inmates until Saturday, when Saudi Arabian warplanes repeatedly bombed it, killing at least 60 of the people within and wounding dozens of others. 
The exact number of prisoners killed compared to guards is unknown, though prisoners are said to be the vast majority. The prison was leveled in the attack, according to witnesses, and rescue workers are still looking through the rubble, with others believed trapped within. 
Three airstrikes were targeted against the prison, with the first hitting it directly, bringing down the roof, and the follow-up attacks targeting the gates and the administration buildings. The Saudi coalition insisted the attacks were in keeping with targeting procedures, noting the prison was known to have Houthi security forces within. 
It is unclear who the prisoners generally were at the prison, but deliberately attacking a prison will doubtless add to concerns about Saudi Arabia's standards for airstrikes against Yemen, which have killed massive numbers of civilians over the past 19 months. 
This article originally appeared in Anti-War.com Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Trending Articles: Trending Articles: The Story of How the DOJ Tried to Thwart an FBI Investigation Into the Clinton Foundation   Source: Michael Krieger, Liberty Blitzkrieg 

Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal published a fascinating and troubling article detailing how aggressively the Department of Injustice moved to stymie efforts of FBI agents who wanted to investigate pay-to-play criminality with regard to the Clinton Foundation. Of course, none of this should come as a surprise. The Justice Department under President Obama never met a powerful person it cared to prosecute. Indeed, under Eric Holder's crony reign (same now with Loretta Lynch), it's been apparent for a very long time that senior leadership at the DOJ see the institution's primary role to be the coddling and protection of oligarch criminals, especially those in the financial sector (see: Must Watch Video 'ì'The Veneer of Justice in a Kingdom of Crime' ). 
The death of the rule of law in America, otherwise known as the two-tier justice system, has been a key topic of mine since the very beginning. In fact, I think it is the number one cancer plaguing our society at this time. As I warned in the 2014 post, New Report 'ì The United States' Sharp Drop in Economic Freedom Since 2000 Driven by 'Decline in Rule of Law' : 
In my opinion, the U.S. is living on borrowed time. The entrepreneurial spirit is still very much alive, and a lot of innovative things are happening in the tech area, but other than that, the U.S. economy looks very much like a third word oligarchy. From my perspective, we need to reinstate the rule of law at once. The bad actors amongst the rich and powerful will continue to feast relentlessly on the productive parts of the economy so long as they they are never held accountable for their crimes. Simply put: The rule of law must be restored immediately. 
When it comes to the restoration of the rule of law, there is simply no time to waste. 
The rule of law has not been restored, a realization that is consistently reenforced by the lengths to which the Department of Justice goes to protect the powerful. Yesterday's WSJ article gives us an additional glimpse into how that happens behind the scenes. 
Here are a few excerpts from the article, FBI in Internal Feud Over Hillary Clinton Probe : 
The surprise disclosure that agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation are taking a new look at Hillary Clinton's email use lays bare, just days before the election, tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
The new investigative effort, disclosed by FBI Director James Comey on Friday, shows a bureau at times in sharp internal disagreement over matters related to the Clintons, and how to handle those matters fairly and carefully in the middle of a national election campaign. Even as the probe of Mrs. Clinton's email use wound down in July, internal disagreements within the bureau and the Justice Department surrounding the Clintons' family philanthropy heated up, according to people familiar with the matter. 
New details show that senior law-enforcement officials repeatedly voiced skepticism of the strength of the evidence in a bureau investigation of the Clinton Foundation, sought to condense what was at times a sprawling cross-country effort, and, according to some people familiar with the matter, told agents to limit their pursuit of the case. The probe of the foundation began more than a year ago to determine whether financial crimes or influence peddling occurred related to the charity. 
Some investigators grew frustrated, viewing FBI leadership as uninterested in probing the charity, these people said. Others involved disagreed sharply, defending FBI bosses and saying Mr. McCabe in particular was caught between an increasingly acrimonious fight for control between the Justice Department and FBI agents pursuing the Clinton Foundation case. 
Early this year, four FBI field offices'îNew York, Los Angeles, Washington and Little Rock, Ark.'îwere collecting information about the Clinton Foundation to see if there was evidence of financial crimes or influence-peddling, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Los Angeles agents had picked up information about the Clinton Foundation from an unrelated public-corruption case and had issued some subpoenas for bank records related to the foundation, these people said. 
The Washington field office was probing financial relationships involving Mr. McAuliffe before he became a Clinton Foundation board member, these people said. Mr. McAuliffe has denied any wrongdoing, and his lawyer has said the probe is focused on whether he failed to register as an agent of a foreign entity. 
In February, FBI officials made a presentation to the Justice Department, according to these people. By all accounts, the meeting didn't go well. 
Some said that is because the FBI didn't present compelling evidence to justify more aggressive pursuit of the Clinton Foundation, and that the career anticorruption prosecutors in the room simply believed it wasn't a very strong case. Others said that from the start, the Justice Department officials were stern, icy and dismissive of the case. 
'That was one of the weirdest meetings I've ever been to,' one participant told others afterward, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Anticorruption prosecutors at the Justice Department told the FBI at the meeting they wouldn't authorize more aggressive investigative techniques, such as subpoenas, formal witness interviews, or grand-jury activity. But the FBI officials believed they were well within their authority to pursue the leads and methods already under way, these people said. 
According to a person familiar with the probes, on Aug. 12, a senior Justice Department official called Mr. McCabe to voice his displeasure at finding that New York FBI agents were still openly pursuing the Clinton Foundation probe during the election season. Mr. McCabe said agents still had the authority to pursue the issue as long as they didn't use overt methods requiring Justice Department approvals. 
The Justice Department official was 'very pissed off,'according to one person close to Mr. McCabe, and pressed him to explain why the FBI was still chasing a matter the department considered dormant. Others said the Justice Department was simply trying to make sure FBI agents were following longstanding policy not to make overt investigative moves that could be seen as trying to influence an election. Those rules discourage investigators from making any such moves before a primary or general election, and, at a minimum, checking with anticorruption prosecutors before doing so. 
'Are you telling me that I need to shut down a validly predicated investigation?' Mr. McCabe asked, according to people familiar with the conversation. After a pause, the official replied, 'Of course not,' these people said. 
For Mr. McCabe's defenders, the exchange showed how he was stuck between an FBI office eager to pour more resources into a case and Justice Department prosecutors who didn't think much of the case, one person said. Those people said that following the call, Mr. McCabe reiterated past instructions to FBI agents that they were to keep pursuing the work within the authority they had. 
Others further down the FBI chain of command, however, said agents were given a much starker instruction on the case: 'Stand down.' When agents questioned why they weren't allowed to take more aggressive steps, they said they were told the order had come from the deputy director'îMr. McCabe. 
Others familiar with the matter deny Mr. McCabe or any other senior FBI official gave such a stand-down instruction. 
In September, agents on the foundation case asked to see the emails contained on nongovernment laptops that had been searched as part of the Clinton email case, but that request was rejected by prosecutors at the Eastern District of New York, in Brooklyn. Those emails were given to the FBI based on grants of partial immunity and limited-use agreements, meaning agents could only use them for the purpose of investigating possible mishandling of classified information. 
Some FBI agents were dissatisfied with that answer, and asked for permission to make a similar request to federal prosecutors in Manhattan, according to people familiar with the matter. Mr. McCabe, these people said, told them no and added that they couldn't 'go prosecutor-shopping.' 
The above revelations, in conjunction with the email server probe being reopened by the FBI, is why I now think Donald Trump has a very good chance of winning the Presidency. As I noted in Friday's post, Another Black Swan Hits the U.S. Presidential Election : 
The problems with Hillary Clinton will never go away. They will always resurface or new problems will emerge, and it has nothing to do with a 'vast rightwing conspiracy' (or Putin). It has to do with her. It has to do with the fact that her and her husband are career crooks, warmongers, and shameless looters of the American public. This re-opening of the FBI investigation just hammers all of that home for everyone. We know what 4 years of Hillary will look like. It'll be Obama cronyism on steroids, plus endless investigations with a side of World War 3. I don't think people want that, and so more Americans than the pundits realize will take a gamble on Trump. 
It's not just me saying it though. Even longtime Clinton supporter Doug Schoen is revisiting whether he can continue to support Clinton. As he wrote in an Op-ed published at The Hill : There will be no goodwill or honeymoon period for Clinton. Her first 100-days agenda will take a backseat to partisan divisions and polarization with little chance of constructive legislative action occurring. We have seen that a hyper-partisan, gridlocked Washington is bad for the country. There is no reason to believe that Clinton's tenure will be anything but more of the same in this way and, most likely, a lot worse. Further, Russian President Vladimir Putin said (tongue-in-cheek) that we are not a banana republic.'é I greatly fear we could become one if Secretary Clinton is elected president. Our national security will continue to be jeopardized by ongoing investigations by the FBI, and potentially the Justice Department and Congress, putting us at immediate risk of more assertive actions in Europe, Middle East and Asia by the Russians and Chinese. Moreover, we simply cannot face a situation where the president elect may need or want a pardon from the president to govern. Or worse yet, need to pardon herself after she takes office. As of now, I have no confidence that either of those questions will be answered by Election Day or that we will have full clarity on an investigation into what could be as many as 650,000 emails that found their way to Weiner and Abedin's computer. However, in good conscience, and as a Democrat, I am actively doubting whether I can vote for the Secretary of State. I also want to make clear that I cannot vote for Donald Trump as his world view and mine are very different. For more on the Clinton Foundation, see:
ARTICLE

Saudi Finance Minister Al Assaf Fired On Royal Orders   Source: Zero Hedge 
While mostly taking place behind the scenes, it has been a rather calamitous month for developments in Saudi Arabia: one day before the record, inaugural $17.5 billion Saudi bond priced, news broke that for the first time, a member of the Saudi Royal Family, had been executed for murder in what until then had been an unprecedented fall from grace for a member of the chosen royal elite. 
The very next day, as virtually everyone in the bond market knows, Saudi Arabia priced a massively oversubcribed - the first of its kind - international bond issue , taking advantage of rising oil prices on the back of Saudi jawboning about an OPEC production freeze deal which now appears unreachable (oil is down 4% as of this moment). The deal was seen by most as a major success for the Kingdom, one whose proceeds the local authorities had started to spend just as soon as the wire transfers were executed to get thousands of government staffers back to work . 
So it is perhaps quite surprising that less than 2 weeks after this historic bond sale, moments ago we learned thatthe long-serving Saudi finance minister had been relieved of his post on Royal orders . 
As Al Jazeera reports, Saudi Arabia's King Salman Bin Abdulaziz issued a Royal decree to appoint Mohammed Al-Jadaan as the new finance minister on Monday to replace Ibrahim Abdulaziz Al-Assaf. 
Saudi Arabia's Finance Minister Ibrahim Abdulaziz Al Assaf speaks to the media 
Jaddan had previously been the chairman of the Saudi Capital Market Authority . He replaces Ibrahim Alassaf, who has been appointed minister of state and a member of the council of ministers, according to the royal decree. 
While details of the transition are scarce, and it is unclear how Al-Assaf displeased the Saudi King, this is further evidence that a major power struggle is taking place behind the scenes, and whereas the terminated finmin should have been commended for his bond sale, the fact that he is being punished suggests that there is significiant infighting in the royal family, which will likely result in even more financial and political fallout for Saudi Arabia in the coming year, especially if oil continues its recent decline.
ARTICLE

The FBI's Clinton Investigation Is Wider Than Assumed   Source: Moon of Alabama 
The Washington Post editors today added to their hypocrisy with three additional anti-Comey op-eds: 
I interpret that as naked fear that their candidate Hillary Clinton may now loose. That fear is justified. 
The Wall Street Journal today added to its so far excellent reporting on the Clinton issues by revealing the much bigger story behind it: FBI in Internal Feud Over Hillary Clinton Probe - Laptop may contain thousands of messages sent to or from Mrs. Clinton's private server (open copy here ). 
According to the reporting, based on FBI sources, FBI agents in New York and elsewhere have been looking into the Clinton Foundation for several months. They suspect that this "charity" was selling political favors by then Secretary of State Clinton in exchange for donations that personally benefited the Clinton family. 
The Justice Department blocked further aggressive investigations into the issue, allegedly because of the ongoing election. A high FBI official, Andrew McCabe, also showed disinterest in a further pursuit of the issue. McCabe's wife had just tried to get elected as state senator and had receive a campaign donation of nearly $500,000 from Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Clinton friend and at times board member of the Clinton Foundation. The FBI agents pursuing the investigation into the Clinton Foundation were not amused. 
The separate investigation into former Congressman Weiner for sexual contacts with minors was looking for pedophile stuff on Weiner's electronic devices. It didn't find any as far as we can tell, but found some 650,000 emails archived on a laptop. Several thousand of these emails were sent or received by Weiner's spouse, the intimate Clinton aide Huma Abedin. They came through Clinton's private email server. At least some of these thousands of emails are likely copies of those that were deleted from Clinton's server when the (separate) investigation into it started. They may be evidence that Clinton sent and received classified documents through her unsecured system. Some of these emails may also contain serious dirt related to the Clinton Foundation. 
Thus we have three ongoing FBI investigations: into Clinton's private email-server used illegally for official State Department business; into the Clinton Foundation and its role in peddling political influence in exchange for donations; into the personal conduct of Anthony Weiner. 
Additional investigations that may come up are on: the mixing of donations to the Clinton Foundation and personal compensation for Bill Clinton for holding highly paid speeches; for profit activities by the group of people running Bill Clinton's businesses as well as the Clinton Foundation financing; inappropriate hindering of the FBI investigations by the Justice Department and/or by McCabe. 
With such a list of potentially very serious scandals pending it is highly understandable that FBI director Comey went public and did not follow the advice from the Justice Department to pursue these issues only on a reduced level. It would have been political suicide to try to keep this silent. Way too many FBI agents eager to pursue these case were in the known and would have talked, as they do now, to the media. 
If Clinton gets elected she will be hampered by these scandals for the next two years. The Republicans in Congress will jump on these issues as soon as possible. There will be endless hearings with large media coverage. The only question is when the first attempts at an impeachment process will be made - before or after she moves back into the White House. She and her family may be better off with her losing the campaign. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

US vs. Russia in Syria: A Battle to Control the Truth   Source: Truth Out 
The US corporate media never fail to report on Russian opportunism and its atrocities in various world conflicts. Objectively speaking, Putin's actions are not that different from Obama's, but Americans tend to see their presidents as benevolent. 
President Obama during a bilateral meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on the opening day of the United Nations General Assembly, on September 28, 2015. (Photo: Doug Mills / The New York Times) 
There is a dangerous leader heading an irrational state who is deploying forces to Syria he insists are fighting terrorists. His decisions have led to numerous civilian casualties and the threatening of nuclear confrontation with his nation's ideological foe. Domestically, his administration has jailed journalists and silenced critics in government , and since WWII, his country's intelligence services have meddled in the elections of dozens of countries and are now contemplating a cyberattack on its hegemonic rival. His administration maintains alliances with corrupt juntas and religious fundamentalists while championing domestic and foreign policies that have done little to rein in the country's violent nationalism, intolerant nativism, police brutality and enriching of the few at the expense of the many. 
His name is Barack Obama. One could certainly be forgiven in thinking it was Vladimir Putin, since his justifications for Russian policy are strikingly similar. 
While the US corporate media frantically reports on Russia's actions in Ukraine and Syria, it appears content with the havoc wreaked by its Nobel Peace Prize president in sundry countries across three continents. For well-established reasons rooted in exceptionalism and indoctrination, the US mainstream media cannot refer to Obama and his administration in the same terms used to describe Putin. 
Whereas The New Yorker can run a headline that states, " Putin, Syria, and Why Moscow Has Gone War Crazy ," it is unfathomable to think of the US press referring to the Obama administration's policies in similar language. In fact, the article's author, Joshua Jaffe, appears bewildered with Russia's policies in the Middle East and Europe, especially the Russian Defence Ministry's announcement on October 8 that it had deployed nuclear warheads to Kaliningrad. The fact that Kaliningrad is part of Russia aside, Jaffe writes that, "Projecting a half-lunatic readiness to blow up the world is, in essence, a cover operation: a way to make a lot of noise while the Kremlin goes about creating a lot of new facts on the ground, whether in Syria or the Baltics." 
If this Russian move is irrational, wouldn't Obama's actions -- supporting ill-defined rebel groups in Syria, signature strikes in Pakistan and indiscriminate Saudi bombing in Yemen -- be irrational as well? And in any state where the press was doing its job, wouldn't a look at US nuclear policy -- by sheer quantity of warheads, one that could be categorized as "readiness to blow up the world" -- and its citizens' attitudes toward weapons of mass destruction be prudent? It is unlikely that such a critical look will come anytime soon from the submissive US mainstream media, however. Though much has been written about Putin's clampdown and control of the Russian press, corporate US media outlets are hamstrung by the monopoly that six corporations have on the American "marketplace of ideas." 
This is not to exonerate or extoll Putin. On the contrary, Putin is an opportunist bent on increasing his power and influence. But so is Obama and any other (future) US president, be it Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. One can only dream that the same measures that the US press takes in detailing Russian atrocities in Syria could be applied to US atrocities there, and also in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Yemen and Somalia. But the US corporate media and populace seem to believe that Russia's intentions are malicious, while the United States' intentions are benevolent. This why US bombings of civilians in Syria are described as "mistakes," whereas the aim of Russian bombing can only be "terror." For example, the bombing of a UN convoy in September that Russia says was accompanied by terrorist elements was reported in the US press as a targeted strike against civilians. 
Russia may very well target civilians. The tragedy of Aleppo is well-documented. The point here is not to justify Russian actions. It is to question why the US mainstream media accept the Obama administration's assertions that Russia's bombs are aimed at civilians, while US bombs are not. One could argue that both Russia and the US are guilty of civilian bombings, since distinctions between rebel, terrorist and civilian are blurred in civil war. But this would challenge the notion of benevolent intentions that are at the core of American exceptionalism. Interestingly, those who have bothered to look into Obama's abovementioned signature strikes will find that tolerance of civilian casualties is at the heart of that policy. And if a Martian -- bereft of any understanding of nationalism or exceptionalism, but well-versed in international Human Rights Law -- were to take a cursory look at the last 50 years of US foreign policy, he might conclude that the US does, in fact, target civilians . 
A cynic would claim that the truth here does not matter. It is what people believe to be the truth that reigns supreme. To this end, both the American and Russian mainstream media and governments are presenting a one-sided version of atrocities that aims to vilify the other. 
To address this dangerous trend, I presented a paper at Penza University in southern Russia on October 12, examining the language the Western media use to castigate and dehumanize Putin. The paper, " Language as a Weapon: How Western Journalists Portray Russian Policy ,"was given at a conference titled, "Language. Law. Society." After completing my talk, I fielded a question from a Russian academic regarding the role of the US as a world police force. This is a common question in the former Soviet Union and is trumpeted in the Russian press. My answer was that the US would never be a world police force, as it intervenes only in those areas where its vital economic interests are at stake. The main point being that the US corporate media do not accurately describe these interventions as power moves that waste large amounts of civilian life. Instead, the corporate media too often act as a public relations firm for the US government, repeating hollow rhetoric about freedom, liberty, democracy and the open market. The man responded that I should move to Russia, since the Russian press also make similar hollow claims in support of Putin. 
Nobody would argue that Putin does not control the Russian media, and that his distorted version of the truth prevails. But one should question why, in a "free" society like the US, Obama's distorted version does, too. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Former DEA Prescription Head Drops a BombShell 'î Congress Protects Big Pharma & Fuels Opioid Crisis   Source: Claire Bernish Congress would rather protect the profits of pharmaceutical companies than the health of those addicted to dangerous opioid drugs, says a former head of the DEA responsible for preventing abuse of medications. 
Joseph Rannazzisi, former Deputy Assistant Administrator at the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, asserts Big Pharma and its lobbyists have a 'stranglehold' on legislators in Congress and have engineered the protection of a $9 billion per year industry over the health of American citizens, according to a report from the Guardian . 
'Congress would rather listen to people who had a profit motive rather than a public health and safety motive,' he said, according to the outlet. 'As long as the industry has this stranglehold through lobbyists, nothing's going to change.' 
Rannazzisi explained lobbyists have spent millions thwarting legislative and policy efforts to provide guidelines for reducing the prescribing of opioid medications closely related to heroin 'î and helped limit the DEA's powers to discipline those who dispense unusually high dosages of the same. 
A pharmacist himself, Rannazzisi severely criticized lawmakers he claims hold a double standard 'î publicly vowing to combat the opioid epidemic, while essentially working on behalf of pharmaceutical companies to ensure the industry's profits. 
'These congressmen and senators who are using this because they are up for re-election, it's a sham,' he told the Guardian . 'The congressmen and senators who are championing this fight, the ones who really believe in what they're doing, their voices are drowned out because the industry has too much influence.' 
With the unique insight of having been an insider, Rannazzisi excoriated the duplicity evidenced between legislators' public lamentation of addiction and deaths from the opioid crisis during election years, and private efforts to protect drugmakers from liability. 
And he would know. According to Rannazzisi's LinkedIn profile, as Chief of Diversion, he had been tasked with 'oversight and control of all regulatory compliance inspections and civil and criminal investigations of approximately 1.6 million DEA registrants''î but if the standards are lowered by Congress to allow greater leeway in prescribing opioids, the threshold of criminality is raised. 
As the Guardian points out, legislation to fight the opioid epidemic, Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act , did, in fact, pass in July 'î but partisan controversy erupted when Republicans failed to provide funding to give the law sharp teeth. Democrats then issued a report titled ' Dying Waiting for Treatment ' in response, which 'likened the Republican response to the opioid crisis to 'using a piece of chewing gum to patch a cracked dam.'' 
Indeed the report sharply criticized the bill, equating its policies to 'empty promises' for the lack of financial follow-through. 
As the Washington Post detailed in a report earlier this month, the DEA launched an aggressive campaign to rein in distribution of opioids by pharmaceutical manufacturers to illegal 'pill mills' and corrupt pharmacies, who cared little whether the drugs wound up on the streets. 
Headed by Rannazzisi, the Office of Diversion Control sent investigators into the field, and began issuing hefty fines and filing lawsuits against the distributors responsible for the proliferation of opioids on the streets. 
But the disproportionately powerful pharmaceutical industry 'î fearing a potential significant loss in profits 'î fought back. Hard. 
According to the Post , the deputy attorney general summoned Rannazzisi to a meeting in 2012, concerning the cases of two unnamed major drug companies. 
'That meeting was to chastise me for going after industry, and that's all that meeting was about,' the now-retired DEA official told the Post . 
Then, in 2014, came what constituted a hand out to the pharmaceutical industry by the Department of Justice and congressional legislators: the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act 'î legislation initiated by the Healthcare Distribution Management Association 'î the industry group representing distributors at the heart of the controversy. 
An analysis of lobbying records by the Post found 'the Healthcare Distribution Alliance, spent $13 million lobbying House and Senate members and their staffs on the legislation and other issues between 2014 and 2016.' 
Rannazzisi argued his case to congressional staffers in a phone conference in July 2014, and recalled telling them, 'This bill passes the way it's written we won't be able to get immediate suspension orders, we won't be able to stop the hemorrhaging of these drugs out of these bad pharmacies and these bad corporations.' 
Stunned at the massive 'î and ultimately successful 'î effort to take the bite out of DEA attempts to hold distributors and drugmakers responsible for their role in an epidemic estimated to take 19,000 lives every year, Rannazzisi likened the legislation to a 'free pass' for legal drug pushers. 
'This doesn't ensure patient access and it doesn't help drug enforcement at all,' he told the Guardian. 'What this bill does has nothing to do with the medical process. What this bill does is take away DEA's ability to go after a pharmacist, a wholesaler, manufacturer or distributor.' 
'This was a gift. A gift to the industry,' he added. 
After heading the diversion office for a decade, Rannazzisi retired in 2015 'î likely disgusted over legislators' dedication to the legal drug industry, rather than the people whose interests they're ostensibly obligated to protect. 
'The bill passed because 'Big Pharma' wanted it to pass,' he told the Guardian in no uncertain terms. 'The DEA is both an enforcement agency and a regulatory agency. When I was in charge what I tried to do was explain to my investigators and my agents that our job was to regulate the industry and they're not going to like being regulated.' 
Big Pharma relies overwhelmingly on lobbyists filling the coffers of politicians to ensure they ignore the crisis gripping the nation. As the Center for Public Integrity found , the Guardian noted, Purdue Pharma 'î at the heart of the epidemic for its highly-addictive drug introduced in the late 1990s, OxyContin 'î spent a breathtaking $740 million in the last ten years on congressional lobbying efforts. 
However, Big Pharma's power to influence policy and legislation extends far beyond simple but effective lobbying 'î the government-run Interagency Pain Research Coordinating Committee (IPRCC) has been accused by Sen. Ron Wyden of being a tool to 'weaken' CDC guidelines for limiting overprescribing of opioids. 
Wyden wrote to Secretary of Health and Human Services Sylvia Burwell of his concerns the IPRCC had been staffed with 'experts' with conflicts of interest for their close ties to Big Pharma, including a scientist with a $1.5 million endowment from Purdue, reported the Guardian . 
'You've got a panel that's certainly got a fair number of people that have a vested interest in this problem of overprescribing. That's something you've got to root out,' Wyden asserted . 'The role of the pharmaceutical companies on these advisory panels troubles me greatly. Science is getting short shrift compared to the political clout of these influential interests.' 
Families of countless addicts and victims of the opioid industry would undoubtedly find the direct influence of Big Pharma's pro-opioid cash appalling 'î yet it continues to this day. Policies and legislation have not yet been given the appropriate funding needed to effectively combat the problem, which swirls out of control while politicians and drugmakers reap blood-tainted profits. 
'Corporations have no conscience,' Rannazzisi flatly told the Guardian . 'Unfortunately, with my job, I was the guy who had to go out and talk to families that lost kids. If one of those CEOs went out there and talked to anybody, or if one of those CEOs happened to lose a kid to this horrible, horrible domestic tragedy we have, I'd bet you they'd change their mind. 
'When you sit with a parent who can't understand why there's so many pharmaceuticals out in the illicit marketplace, and why isn't the government doing anything, well the DEA was doing something. Unfortunately what we're trying to do is thwarted by people who are writing laws. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Constitutional Law Expert: Comey Did NOT Violate Law By Announcing Email Investigation   Source: Washington's Blog 

Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid alleges that FBI Director Comey has violated the law by announcing the re-opened investigation into Clinton emails so close to the presidential election. 
Is he right? 
One of the top constitutional law experts in the United States (and a liberal), Professor Jonathan Turley, says no : 
[Reid's] allegation is in my view wildly misplaced. Reid is arguing that the actions of FBI Director James B. Comey violates the Hatch Act . I cannot see a plausible, let alone compelling, basis for such a charge against Comey. 
In his letter to Comey, Reid raised the the Hatch Act, which prohibits partisan politicking by government employees. 
5 U.S.C. ¬ß 7323(a)(1) prohibits a government employee from 'us[ing] his official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.' 
Reid argued: 
'Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be a clear intent to aid one political party over another. I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act, which bars FBI officials from using their official authority to influence an election. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law.' 
The reference to 'months' is curious. Comey has kept Congress informed in compliance with oversight functions of the congressional committees but has been circumspect in the extent of such disclosures. It is troubling to see Democrats (who historically favor both transparency and checks on executive powers) argue against such disclosure and cooperation with oversight committees. More importantly, the Hatch Act is simply a dog that will not hunt. 
Richard W. Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota and the chief ethics lawyer in the George W. Bush White House from 2005 to 2007, has filed a Hatch Act complaint against Comey with the federal Office of Special Counsel and Office of Government Ethics. He argues that 'We cannot allow F.B.I. or Justice Department officials to unnecessarily publicize pending investigations concerning candidates of either party while an election is underway.' 
However, Comey was between the horns of a dilemma. He could be accused of acts of commission in making the disclosure or omission in withholding the disclosure in an election year. Quite frankly, I found Painter's justification for his filing remarkably speculative. He admits that he has no evidence to suggest that Comey wants to influence the election or favors either candidate . Intent is key under the Hatch investigations. You can disagree with the timing of Comey's disclosure, but that is not a matter for the Hatch Act or even an ethical charge in my view. 
Congress passed the Hatch Act in response to scandals during the 1938 congressional elections and intended the Act to bar federal employees from using '[their] official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.' Comey is not doing that in communicating with Congress on a matter of oversight. 
Such violations under the Hatch Act, even if proven, are not criminal matters . The Office of Special Counsel -can investigate such matters and seek discipline 'î a matter than can ultimately go before the Merit Systems Protection Board. 
CNN confirms : 
violators aren't going to jail: the Hatch Act is not a criminal statute. Instead, it is an administrative constraint on government employees. The law is enforced by a special independent federal agency 'î the Office of Special Counsel 'î which is charged with investigating complaint allegations and, where found to be meritorious, either pursuing a settlement with the offending employee or prosecuting their case before the federal agency that oversees internal employment disputes 'î the Merit Systems Protection Board. And for presidential appointees like Comey, the Office of Special Counsel submits a report of its findings along with the employee's response to the President , who makes a decision on whether discipline is warranted . 
*** 
The Hatch Act provision most commonly invoked in discussions of Comey's letter is 5 U.S.C. ¬ß 7323(a)(1), which prohibits a government employee from 'us[ing] his official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.' 
The key text is the emphasized phrase 'î which conditions a violation of the statute on whether the employee's purpose was to interfere with or affect the result of an election. Thus, the Hatch Act does not focus on the effect of the employee's conduct, but the intent. To that end, if Comey did not intend to interfere with or affect the upcoming election through his letter to Congress, then he did not violate the letter of the Hatch Act.
ARTICLE

Hacked Podesta Email Reveals Clinton Foundation "Coercing" Saudi Billionaire For Millions Of Dollars   
Just c all it the Sheikh shake down... 
* * * 
In one of the more prominent early Podesta email revelations , we learned that Sheikh Mohammed Hussein Ali Al-'Amoudi , a Saudi Arabian and Ethiopian billionaire businessman, whose net worth was estimated by Forbes at $8.3 billion as of 2016, was one of the very generous donors to the Clinton Foundation... up to a point. 
As a November 2011 email from Ira Magaziner, Vice Chairman and CEO of the Clinton Health Access Initiative, sent to John Podesta and Amitabh Desai, Director of Foreign Policy at the Clinton Foundation, revealed, the "CHAI [Clinton Health Access Initiative] would like to request that President Clinton call Sheik Mohammed to thank him for offering his plane to the conference in Ethiopia and expressing regrets that President Clinton's schedule does not permit him to attend the conference." 
To this, the response by Desai was a simple one: " Unless Sheikh Mo has sent us a $6 million check, this sounds crazy to do. " 
At this point, Doug Band, Bill Clinton's former chief advisor and current president of the infamous Teneo Holding Doug Band, chimed in that it probably is a good idea: "If he doesn't do it Chai will say he didn't give the money bc of wjc" an assessment which John Podesta agreed with: "this seems rather easy and harmless and not a big time sink." 
* * * 
To be sure, this exchange suggested that a substantial amount of cash had or was about to be exchanged between the Clinton Foundation and the Saudi "Sheikh Mo", as shown in the photo below. 
However, the details were missing: the original email from Ira Magaziner referenced a specific briefing memo which contained in it the talking points updaing on the relationship between the Clinton Foundation and The Saudi billionaire: 
Now, courtesy of today's latest Podesta email release, we have access to the missing memo . 
The leaked memo lays out the facts on the Clinton Foundation trying to collect on Sheik Mohammed's overdue donor commitment to CHAI. Notably, the memo gives the inference of the Sheik being shaken down by the Foundation in that the Foundation was demanding an immediate $6 million payment in return for WJC attending the 2011 International Conference on AIDS and STIs (ICASA) event. Additionally the Foundation apparently enlisted the assistance of the US Ambassador to Ethiopia to obtain payments from the Sheik. 
The memo initially lays out Bill Clinton's history with the Sheik: 
In the first bullet point we find what the initial "bid" and "ask" would be between WJC/CF and the Saudi billionaire: $2 million for every year that Bill Clinton visit Ethiopia. This, however, was subsequently changed to an greement whereby the Saudi would give $2 million per year but without any reference to visiting Ethiopia: 
Sheik Mohammed approached CHAI in 2006 shortly after we opened an office in Addis Ababa. He proposed that he would give $2 million to CHAI every year that YOU visited Ethiopia . We eventually negotiated an Agreement with his Washington attorney, George Salem, in which he agreed to fund CHAI at a rate of $2 million per year for 10 years . They rejected any proposals to put a payment schedule in the agreement, but dropped any reference tying the donation to YOU visiting Ethiopia . 
The next bullet lays out the initial fund transfer of $2 million in London, as well as the broad terms of the agreement whose "requirement is that the money be spent within Ethiopia." Amusingly, the memo then notes that during negotiations the Saudi delegation "rejected our proposal that some of the money could be used for global overhead. " 
The Agreement was officially signed at a meeting in London in May 2007 by the Sheik and Bruce, after which the Sheik presented you with a a check for $2 million for the 2007 payment. The Agreement is very general and does not require any specific proposals from CHAI for how the money will be spent or any reporting. The only requirement is that the money be spent within Ethiopia. During negotiations they rejected our proposal that some of the money could be used for global overhead. 
We then learn that more cash transfers took place in the coming years, despite the Sheik having "cash flow problems" which resulted in a bulk payment of $4 million in 2010 for missed payments in 2008 and 2009. 
Through 2008 and early 2009, we were told the Sheik was having some cash flow problems and that he was delaying payments for many commercial and philanthropic commitments he had in Ethiopia. In January 2010 at a Foundation donors meeting in Harlem, Ambassador Irvin Hicks, one of the Sheik's representatives in the U.S. and a former Ethiopian ambassador appointed by YOU presented to YOU a check for $4 million representing payment for 2008 and 2009. 
The memo then tells WJC just why the relationship was created in the first place: "The Sheik's contribution supports most of CHAI's activities in Ethiopia, one of its most important and successful country programs." 
A section then follow which reminds Bill Clinton just who Sheikh Mohammed is, and that the two had spent time together in his "private suite at a nightclub attached to the Sheraton" in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia: 
YOU first met the Sheik in July 2006 during a visit to Addis. He visited your suite in the Sheraton Hotel, which he owns, for coffee and then after dinner YOU dropped into his private suite at a nightclub attached to the Sheraton. He had invited YOU there especially because he thought you would enjoy the saxophone player . You chatted with the Sheik and played the saxophone with the band. Shortly after this visit negotiations began in earnest regarding the $20 million commitment the Sheik has made to CHAI. 

YOU met the Sheik in London in May, 2007, at which time the Agreement was signed and the first $2 million check was received. 

YOU stayed at the Sheraton in July 2008 during your last Ethiopia visit, but the Sheik was not in Ethiopia at the time. The Sheik donated the rooms and meals for the large party during an extended four-day visit, two days longer than originally planned because of aircraft problems . 
Where things get interesting is in the memo's discussion of the current (as of November 2011) situation, in which we learn that once again the Saudi billionaire was behind on his payments due to the current economic downturn: 
Once again, we are told that the current economic down turn has caused the Sheik to delay payments for several commitments. CHAI has not received the 2010 or 2011 payments . We have contacted both George Salem, the lawyer, and Ambassador Hicks regarding payment. Both say that the Sheik will make the payment but they have not been able to pinpoint an exact date. 
Recent complications did not make matters any easier, although the Sheikh had enough cash to provide Bill with a plane to attend the upcoming African AIDS conference: 
In the past two months the effort to collect the payments for 2010-2011 has become complicated by factors surrounding ICASA, the biennial large African AIDS conference that will be held in Ethiopia the first week of December. The previous two ICASA conference in Nigeria and Senegal were beset by logistical and financial problems and Prime Minister Meles and Minister of Health Tedros have worked hard to make the Ethiopia ICASA the most successful ever. They have enlisted Sheik Mohammed to help and he has donated the venue and paid for an additional $8-10 million of expenses. 

Minister Tedros invited YOU to participate in ICASA, and apparently he or someone else connected with ICASA asked the Sheik if he would provide a plane to bring YOU to Ethiopia for the event. The Sheik agreed to provide a plane, and instructed Ambassador Hicks to tell CHAI one would be available. 
Where things get hot, and where the Clinton Foundation is accused of "coercion" by the Sheik's Washington attorney George Salem, is in the negotiation over whether Clinton should come to Ethiopia without having been wired the funds up front, or if he should assume that the billionaire is "good for the money" and just fly out there on good will. 
When George Salem spoke with the Sheik about the payment, he was told by the Sheik to make sure YOU knew that the Sheik would very much like for you to attend ICASA and that he would provide transportation. In response, Bruce told George that if the Sheik would wire $6 million to the Foundation for 2010-2012 that he would make sure YOU attended ICASA. After Bruce's stroke, George told Ed Wood of CHAI that the Sheik said he did not like ‚Äú coercion ‚Äù and that we should know that he was ‚Äú good for the money .‚Äù George reiterated that the money would be paid, but could not give a date. 

The Sheik seems to feel that we asked him for transportation and then decided not to use it. George and Ambassador Hicks have been told that the request for transportation did not originate with us, but we are not sure that the message reached the Sheik. 
Ultimately the negotiations for Clinton flying to Ethiopia stalled, and appear to have fallen apart, leading to the original quote from the Clinton Foundation's Amitabh Desai in which he said, as we noted earlier this month, that " Unless Sheikh Mo has sent us a $6 million check, this sounds crazy to do. " As a result, the memo gives WJC the following action point: 
George Salem, Ambassador Hicks, and CHAI feel that it would be helpful if you would call the Sheik and thank him for offering the plane and saying you are sorry you can't attend ICASA. We don't think it is necessary for YOU to bring up the payment issue directly. 
The memo concludes with the following talking points: YOU should thank the Sheik for his support of all our efforts in Ethiopia, and especially for offering to provide a plane to bring you to the ICASA meeting. YOU should express your regrets that you were not able to arrange your schedule to attend the ICASA meeting since you know how important it is to Ethiopia and to the Sheik. You should express your appreciation that he has helped make this event possible during a difficult time for the international AIDS effort. YOU should say you hope to be able to visit with the Sheik again soon either in Ethiopia or elsewhere. 
* * * 
This memo provides valuable insight into just how the "charitable" Clinton Foundation truly operated: absent being made whole on millions of dollars in payments - by a donor who had already provided it with $6 million in the past - the "so very concerned" about AIDS and African welfare Foundation, would not even bother to fly Bill Clinton for a 1-2 day trip - on someone else's dime - to something as simple, yet noble, as a healthcare conference: precisely what the Foundation, and Bill Clinton's presence, is supposed to represent and support. 
It also shows that when the Foundation found itself in arrears to a prominent donor, it first and only concern was how to get paid; all else - up to and including doing the absolute minimum such as appearing for a good cause, was secondary and - as the memo documents - ultimately irrelevant unless Clinton and the CF were both generously compensated for their efforts. 
And that, in a nutshell is what the "generous and charitable" Clinton foundation was all about: make sure to get the money, the rest simply did not matter.
ARTICLE

The Shadow Brokers dump more intel from the NSA's elite Equation Group   
In August, anonymous hacker(s) dumped a cache of cyberweapons that appeared to originate with The Equation Group , an elite, NSA-affiliated hacking squad. 
The leakers called themselves The Shadow Brokers, and they sought bTc1,000,000 for access to the remainder of The Equation Group's files. Earlier this month, arrested NSA contractor Harold Thomas Martin was accused of being the source of the leak to The Shadow Brokers, though not necessarily deliberately (he may have been hacked by The Shadow Brokers). 
The Shadow Brokers have had no takers for their auction, and so they're now dumping more files, presumably to stir up interest. 
The new leak purportedly reveals IP addresses of NSA controlled servers in 49 countries that are used to launch offensives against NSA targets. If the leaks are to be believed, they show that the NSA uses hacked servers in China and Russia to attack other countries. 
The dump contains some 300 folders of files, all corresponding to different domains and IP addresses. Domains from Russia, China, India, Sweden, and many other countries are included. According to an analysis by the security researcher known as Hacker Fantastic, the dump contains 306 domains and 352 IP addresses relating to 49 countries in total. 
If accurate, victims of the Equation Group may be able to use these files to determine if they were potentially targeted by the NSA-linked unit. The IP addresses may relate to servers the NSA has compromised and then used to deliver exploits, according to security researcher Mustafa Al-Bassam. 
'So even the NSA hacks machines from compromised servers in China and Russia. This is why attribution is hard,' Al-Bassam tweeted on Monday.
ARTICLE

Massachusetts Cop's Wife Busted for Pinning Fake Home-Invasion Robbery on Black Lives Matter   Source: PINAC 
The wife of a Massachusetts cop is facing charges for filing a false police report after she concocted a story about thieves ransacking her home, stealing $10,000 in jewelry and then spray-painting her house with Black Lives Matter to pin it on black people. 
Maria Daly, wife of Millbury K-9 cop Daniel Daly, took to social media about her dreamt-up victimization after she filed a police report on October 17. 
'We woke up to not only our house being robbed while we were sleeping, but to see this hatred for no reason,' she posted, according to the Boston Herald. 
' If you would of [sic] asked me yesterday about this blue lives and black lives matter issue my response would of [sic] been very positive [sic],' the now private Facebook account alleged. 'Today on the other hand I have so much anger and hate that I don't like myself. This is what we have to deal with these days and it makes me sick that this is what was on the side of my house.' 
Maria Daly called police to report someone had robbed her home while she was sleeping and then spray-painted her home with BLM for Black Lives Matter then posted about it on social media. 
Millbury Police Chief Donald Desourcy told the Herald that Daly called police to report an early morning break-in October 17, claiming someone had made off with thousands of dollars worth of valuables and spray-painting 'BLM' on the outside of her house. 
But Chief Desourcy stated that as the investigation unfolded, something didn't feel 'quite right' and Daly ended up admitting she fabricated the whole thing, telling the officers her valuables had already been recovered. 
'It was pretty obvious. The officers did their due diligence and followed through with the investigation that we had,' he told CBS Boston . 'We came to the conclusion it was all fabricated. There was no intruder, there was no burglary.' 
The chief said the hoax was likely motivated by the couple's financial troubles and that he has empathy for the family. 
'I'm very familiar with her and it's an unfortunate set of circumstances that have taken place.' 
Daly's neighbors said it wasn't a very smart thing to do for a woman who is married to a cop. 
'She must have tagged the place herself,' said one neighbor. 
'I don't know why you'd do that, if you're gonna stage a robbery, I mean really come on, you're a cop's wife. You should know better.' 
In addition to charges for filing a false police report, Daly also faces a charge for misleading a police investigation. Her cases will be heard at Worcester District Court after she is summoned. 
Daly's husband, Daniel Daly was not involved or charged in relation to the hoax, according to police. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Aspartame Corporation Searle Created First Birth Control Pill: American Eugenics and Big Pharma, a History   
( Era of Wisdom ) Did you know that Aspartame producing corporation Searle also manufactured the first birth control pill ? 
After Donald Rumsfeld was Secretary of Defense under Gerald Ford , he was the CEO of Searle , engineering their merger with Monsanto. A testament to his influence, he became Secretary of Defense again during the Bush Administration, participating in atrocious torture and war crimes such as the ones at Abu Ghraib. 
One of the most veracious proponents for forced sterilization of blacks , the poor, and 'imbeciles,' Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger , was a main contributor to what would culminate into Searle's manufacture of 'Enovid': the first hormonal birth control pill. This philosophy is commonly known as ' eugenics ,' sometimes referred to as 'dysgenics' or 'epi-eugenics.' 
Well summarized by the Embryo Project : ' Enovid was the first hormonal birth control pill. G.D. Searle and Company began marketing Enovid as a contraceptive in 1960. The technology was created by the joint efforts of many individuals and organizations, including Margaret Sanger, Katharine McCormick , Gregory Pincus, John Rock, Syntex , S.A. Laboratories, and G.D. Searle and Company Laboratories. Although there were many pieces and contributors to the final product, it was first conceived of and created by Gregory Pincus and Margaret Sanger through the Worcester Foundation in Worcester, Massachusetts, and was distributed by Searle, located in Chicago.' 
To illustrate historical ties between 'big pharma' and eugenics, let's take a look at the legacy of Dr. John Hurty, an early chemist at Prozac producer Eli Lilly and Company in the 1870's. 
Hurty would go on to influence the passage of the United States' first mandatory sterilization law, in 1907 Indiana . 
He was a tireless eugenicist , who believed that the poor, colored people , the disabled, ect. were a burden to the state and society, unfit for reproduction, and should be sterilized. 
Upwards of 60,000 Americans were involuntarily sterilized through to even the 1970's , while Dr. John Hurty, Margaret Sanger, David Starr Jordan and others made major contributions. Reading from an article by renowned author Edwin Black : 'Ultimately, eugenics practitioners coercively sterilized some 60,000 Americans, barred the marriage of thousands, forcibly segregated thousands in 'colonies,' and persecuted untold numbers in ways we are just learning.' 
Dr. John Hurty, first president of Stanford David Starr Jordan, and Margaret Sanger were members of the scientific, academic class which birthed eugenics, and eventually the world we live in today where Searle had a hand in both birth control, and suspicious toxins such as Aspartame. 
Reading from this document, which is based on the 1946 book ' The Hoosier Health Officer: A Biography of Dr. John N. Hurty ' : 'In 1873, John Newell Hurty went to work for Col. Eli Lilly in his newly established Eli Lilly and Company Pharmaceuticals in Indianapolis as his chief chemist. Then in 1879, Hurty opened his own drug store at the corner of Ohio and Pennsylvania streets. In the basement of that establishment, he set up one of the first analytical laboratories in the state. Among the variety of things he tested for purity was water for the Indianapolis Water Company. In 1884, Dr. Hurty established, and for a time taught at, the School of Pharmacy at Purdue University. In 1891, Hurty earned his medical degree from the Medical College of Indiana. In 1899, Dr. Hurty wrote a bill that became the first comprehensive food and drug legislation to be enacted in the United States. It was not only used as a model by other states, but the Federal Law of 1906 is taken almost word for word from Dr. Hurty's bill.' 
This article/video seeks to pose the question: was birth control created as part of eugenics, population control, as part of something that goes beyond money or some alleged philanthropic agenda? Are certain chemicals or pharmaceuticals in circulation designed to fulfill an agenda that goes beyond money, an agenda perhaps that extends into eugenics? 
We are not suggesting people do one thing or another with their bodies, we are not asking you to make a decision about your health, but we are presenting you with historical info to better make decisions for yourself. 
We're making the case that Searle profited from the eugenic ambitions of people such as Margaret Sanger: while it is unclear at this moment whether Searle cared about simply money or something deeper. This should raise suspicion about why they pushed so hard for the legalization of Aspartame after the FDA had already banned it , under the direction of powerful Donald Rumsfeld. 
Given all of this history, we would be wise to ask: could Aspartame possibly have roots in eugenics? Could certain pharmaceutical drugs have ties to eugenics? It is not a wild accusation or unreasonable question to ponder. 
To take it even further: FDA commissioner Margaret Hamburg is the daughter of not one, but two directors of the American Eugenics Society, which later was quietly renamed the ' The Society for Biodemography and Social Biology .'
ARTICLE

NYU Prof Who Spoke Out Against "Safe Spaces" and "Trigger Warnings" Gets Pushed Out   Source: Zero Hedge 
An NYU professor who launched a twitter war against the growing trend of universities coddling students with "safe spaces" and "trigger warnings" has been pushed out of his own classroom for his " incivility ." According to a report from the New York Post , Liberal Studies professor Michael Rectenwald was forced to go on paid leave for the rest of the semester after his undercover twitter account, "Deplorable NYU Prof", was linked back to him. 
Liberal studies prof Michael Rectenwald, 57, said he was forced Wednesday to go on paid leave for the rest of the semester . 

'They are actually pushing me out the door for having a different perspective,' the academic told The Post. 

Rectenwald launched an undercover Twitter account called Deplorable NYU Prof on Sept. 12 to argue against campus trends like 'safe spaces,''trigger warnings' and other aspects of academia's growing PC culture. 

He chose to be anonymous, he explained in one of his first tweets, because he was afraid 'the PC Gestapo would ruin me' if he put his name ¬≠behind his conservative ideas on the famously liberal campus. 

'I remember once on my Facebook I posted a story about a kid who changed his pronoun to 'His Majesty' because I thought it was funny,' he told The Post. 'Then I got viciously attacked by 400 people. This whole milieu is nauseating. I grew tired of it, so I made the account.' 
Below is a small sample of Rectenwald's tweets: The identity politics left: they need a safe space that is at once a hall of mirrors and a rubber room. 
'î Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) October 11, 2016 What if Trump triggers a few hundred thousand liberal totalitarians to jump out of their dorm windows? one can only hope. #TriggerWarning 
'î Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) September 27, 2016 OK, academia has officially gone completely ape shit. This is merely mental illness posing as "politics": https://t.co/1K1l7wSvom 
'î Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) September 27, 2016 I'm a NYU prof who's seen academe become a sham bc of identity pol & liberal totalitarianism. I'll tell all soon. https://t.co/7Tyulse0a7 
'î Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) September 16, 2016 I'm a real full-time NYU prof who has inside stories that will blow yr mind. When I reach 500 followers the flood gates open. Pls help. Thx. 
'î Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) September 15, 2016 . @kercard @TrumpetingTrump Yes, there are 1.5 administrators for every professor at NYU -gotta' monitor everyone for possible 'bias' issues! 
'î Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) September 13, 2016 

It wasn't long before Rectenwald's tweet storm drew the attention of NYU's student newspaper, the Washington Square Times, which reached out to him over twitter for an interview. Unfortunately, that interview, which was published last week , proved to be his undoing. Within 2 days of his identity being revealed publicly, NYU's " Liberal Studies Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Working Group " had published a letter in the same newspaper finding Rectenwald "guilty of illogic and incivility." Later in that same day Rectenwald was forced to go on paid leave by administrators who claimed that "a couple people had expressed concern about his mental health." 
But Rectenwald says he began getting 'dirty looks' in his department and on Wednesday figured out why: A 12-person committee calling itself the Liberal Studies Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Working Group , including two deans, published a letter to the editor in the same paper. 

'As long as he airs his views with so little appeal to evidence and civility, we must find him guilty of illogic and incivility in a community that predicates its work in great part on rational thought and the civil exchange of ideas,' they wrote. 

'We seek to create a dynamic community that values full participation. Such efforts are not the 'destruction of academic integrity' Professor Rectenwald suggests, but rather what make possible our program's approach to global studies,' they argued. 

Rectenwald likened the attack to 'a Salem witch trial. They took my views personally. I never even mentioned them and I never even said NYU liberal studies program. I was talking about academia at large.' 

The same day that letter was published, Rectenwald was summoned to a meeting with his department dean and an HR representative, he says. 

'They claimed they were worried about me and a couple people had expressed concern about my mental health,' Rectenwald told The Post. 

The leave has 'absolutely zero to do with his Twitter account or his opinions on issues of the day,' said NYU spokesman Matt Nagel, refusing to elaborate on the reason. 

'I'm afraid my academic career is over,' he said. 'Academic freedom: It's great, as long as you don't use it.' 
Is it any wonder that the liberal elite continues to run amok at our establishments of higher learning... anyone who dares express a non-conforming opinion is promptly found "guilty of illogic and incivility" and declared mentally incompetent. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Seven World-Historical 'Achievements' Of The Iraq Invasion Of 2003   
Authored by Gary Leupp, originally posted at Strategic-Culture.org, 
Here is a list of the noteworthy, ongoing results of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq beginning in March 2003. (Recall that invasion was denounced by the UN as illegal, based entirely on lies, and'îgiven the U.S.'s hegemonic position in the world, allowing it to act with impunity'îthe crime's architects have never punished.) 
1) The principal achievement of the war and occupation was the dramatic expansion of the al-Qaeda network that had attacked the U.S. on January 11, 2001. An al-Qaeda franchise was established in Iraq for the first time, playing a key role in the Sunni 'insurrection' against the occupiers and their Shiite allies, then expanding across the border into Syria where it split into the al-Nusra affiliate and its even more savage rival, ISIL. Iraq also served and serves as a training ground for jihadis now operating from Iraq to Libya and beyond. 
2) The invasion and its consequences encouraged the cause of Kurdistan, an imagined state straddling Iran, Iraq, Syria and Turkey. The Kurds are the largest stateless people in the world, victims of British and French colonialists who divided the region between them after World War I. After the Gulf War of 1991, the U.S. established a 'no-fly' zone over northern Iraq to discourage Baghdad from deploying troops in the region. Iraqi Kurdistan had already obtained a degree of autonomy before the invasion but the status became official under the occupation and a referendum for independence is likely to pass soon. This would infuriate Iraq and perhaps provoke Turkey's intervention. As it is, the autonomous region is locked in struggle with Baghdad over territorial claims and control over oil fields. 
3) The invasion destroyed the Iraqi state, causing it to fracture into three: Kurdistan, the Sunni zone in the west, and the Shiite-majority areas around Baghdad. The Baathist regime of Saddam Hussein had been extremely repressive and brutal. But it had maintained order; discouraged religion in politics; protected the Christian and other religious minorities; promoted women's rights; imposed no dress code; enforced a criminal code modeled after the Napoleonic (not the Sharia); licensed rock n' roll radio stations, allowed the brewing of beer and its sale etc. The Shiite-led regime boosted into power by the occupation has reversed much of this. (A bill to ban the production and sale of beer was just passed by Parliament last week.) But the regime's power does not extend into much of Anbar Province, ISIL still governs Mosul, and again, Kurdistan has become autonomous. 
4) Because Shiites are the majority in Iraq (60%), and dominate Iran next door; and because the leaders of Shiite parties have studied in Iran or lived their in exile and are sympathetic to Iran's mullah-led regime; and because the U.S. was forced by peaceful mass protests to allow elections and the emergence of Shiites as the leaders of the country, Iran's power and influence in the region has expanded dramatically. (Apparently no one in the State Department thought about that.) Since Iran has not attacked another country in centuries 'î but was savagely attacked by Saddam Hussein in 1981, sparking a long war killing over half a million people 'î and since Iran's friendliness to its neighbor, one of the few Arab countries in which its co-coreligionists hold power, is entirely natural, one can ask why anyone might be alarmed by this. But it does alarm some, the leaders of Saudi Arabia, that crucial U.S. Arab ally governed by Wahhabi Sunnis, most of all. 
5) The invasion produced a regional power struggle between Sunni Islamists on the one hand, and their Shiite (and other) enemies on the other. This is often portrayed as a contest between Saudi Arabia (whose government-backed clerics condemn Shiites as heretics, and who fear the prospects for rebellion in Saudi Arabia's own oppressed Shiite minority) and Iran, depicted as the protector of Shiites in Syria, Lebanon, Yemen etc. (The so-called 'Shiite Crescent' extending from Iran to Hizbollah-controlled areas of Lebanon in fact embraces states and movements that have little in common with the Islamic Republic of Iran. But they are all targeted by the medieval regime in Riyadh which tars them all with the Iranian brush.) The Saudis were keen advocates for a U.S. strike on Iran (on the false pretext of a nuclear threat); are major supporters of al-Nusra in Syria and have funded ISIL as well, preferring such Islamist forces to the secular if Alawite-led Syrian regime; and are bombing the hell out of Yemen with active U.S. and British assistance under the false pretext that the Shiite Houthi 'rebels' are agents for an expanding Iran. These things would not be happening, had the U.S. not ripped the lid off Pandora's box in Iraq in March 2003. 
6/ The invasion has produced friction between the U.S. and its important NATO ally Turkey (which has the second largest military in the alliance). Turkish war planes are bombing Kurdish YPG (People's Protection Units) militia in Syria who constitute the U.S.'s most reliable allies, producing U.S. protests (which the Turks ignore, arguing straight-faced that the YPG are just as terrorist as ISIL). The Turks warned before the invasion of Iraq that it would likely produce regional instability. But Ankara would have allowed the U.S. to attack from Turkish soil if Turkish forces as part of the 'coalition of the willing' could be stationed around Mosul, once part of Turkey'îthe idea being to contain Kurdish nationalism. 
Fortunately the parliament rejected the deal. But the predicted instability has occurred. The Arab Spring of 2011 in Syria was not directly connected to the Iraq invasion, but gave the U.S. the opportunity to pontificate that 'Assad has lost legitimacy,' demand his immediate resignation, and bankroll the armed opposition including the Kurds. The fact that U.S. efforts to find and recruit Syrian Arab forces as allies'îwho are not in bed with al-Nusra'îto topple Assad have failed so dismally binds the Pentagon ever closer to forces that Turkey wants to wipe out. (The conflict and contradiction are embarrassing to Washington. Oh, by the way, did you notice that the Turkish foreign minister just announced that Turkey would invade Iraq if it 'felt threatened'?) 
Having declared in 2011 that Bashar al-Assad must go, the U.S. was faced in 2014 with the horrible embarrassment of ISIL (that toxic fruit of its Iraq invasion) winning lightening victories from Raqqa to Fallujah, obliterating the Sykes-Picot line dividing Syria and Iraq. The now-Syria based terrorists were approaching Baghdad. So now the U.S. having withdrawn all troops in Iraq was back in action, bombing to prevent such a disaster. And it started bombing ISIL positions in Syria (although with far less efficacy than the later Russian efforts) in league with a list of largely reluctant allies dragooned into formal membership in what Washington likes to call a 'coalition' to make its unilateral program for the region sound like the will of what they like to call 'the international community' regardless of how many key nations that imagined 'community' includes. 
The U.S. command that Assad step down was made in the summer of 2011. Turkey's President Erdogan, hitherto a friend and even mentor of the Syrian leader, opportunistically took up the U.S. demand and demanded his resignation. And Ankara itself began to interfere big-time in the neighboring country it once dominated, targeting Kurds more than anyone else. Since the U.S. relies on these allies, how could there not be a sharp conflict here? 
7/ The invasion of Iraq and aftermath resulted in four million Iraqi refugees fleeing the country as of 2007. Hundreds of thousands have poured into Europe, alongside people displaced by U.S. wars in Afghanistan and Libya, and by the turmoil in Syria exacerbated by U.S. actions, producing a massive continent-wide crisis. Many Europeans aptly blame the deluge on the U.S., pointing to the U.S.'s paltry record of admitting refugees from the Middle East and complaining of strained national resources to handle the humanitarian catastrophe. (Another embarrassment.) 
* * * 
This is all what Buddhists call 'karmic retribution' for past acts. Or what the Hebrew prophet Hosea referred to when he said 'Those who sow the wind reap the whirlwind.' Or what the CIA meant when it invented the term 'blowback.' It's all heading towards something, unless decent people stop it. 
But when I watch people like Michael Moore line up behind the foremost advocate of war in U.S. politics, joining (consciously, philosophical) amoral thugs hell-bent on maintaining and expanding the empire when it's in a stage of precipitous decline, I am not optimistic. Not only will she win, but she will rival Dick Cheney as a cold-blooded latter-day Cold Warrior, cynically exploiting fear and stupidity to try to bring Russia to its knees. 
Hillary doesn't recognize any of these seven points, which to recapitulate are : US actions have greatly strengthened al-Qaeda US actions have encouraged Kurdish nationalism (with unpredictable ramifications) The US through its vicious illegal actions has destroyed the modern Iraqi state US actions have solidified ties between Iran and Iraq's majority Shiite community, strengthening a country still targeted for 'regime change' The invasion of Iraq and the regime change there exacerbated the historical Sunni-Shiite divide, and encouraged Saudi Arabia as the ultra-Islamist protector of the shrines to redouble its efforts to support extremist Sunnis everywhere in the region The results of the invasion place Turkey and the U.S. at loggerheads over the question of Kurdish nationalist movements in both Iraq and Syria US interventions in the Middle East and North Africa since 2001 have produced a massive refugee crisis, inflicted mainly on Europe 
She does not acknowledge that George W. Bush's invasion (that she so passionately endorsed, fully exposing her Valkyrie soul, was criminaland not somebody's well-meaning 'mistake'). She doesn't have any analysis of the Kurdish question. (She is not'îas sometimes alleged by supporters'îa 'policy wonk' but a lazy intellect who doesn't know jack-shit about the real world.) 
She has never expressed regret for the horrific destruction of Iraq, nor given any attention to the plight of its women, who were (as she surely knows) much better off under Saddam Hussein. (To acknowledge that would be to suggest that sometimes U.S. imperialism favors misogynist Islamists over relatively progressive secularists, for its own pragmatic empire-building purposes. She can't mention that publicly.) 
She deals with the rise of Iran'îmade inevitable by the U.S. invasion of Iraq'îby doubling down on her crude clueless Iran rhetoric, which rests on the assumption'îrepeatedly debunked by U.S. intelligence agencies'îthat Iran might pose a nuclear weapons threat. She doesn't understand the history of the Sunni-Shiite divide; I believe she rolls her eyes in irritation that these people have these differences so hard to understand, impeding the Exceptional Nation's ability to straighten everything out by bombing, and conquering, and making people die. She doesn't understand anything about the history of the Kurds and their fate in the region. 
She feels no guilt at all about her orchestration of the ruin of Libya. She sees no reason to link her own actions to the flooding of Europe with refugees fleeing terror. But she will probably be the next president, with fellow shieldmaidens Michele Flournoy (as 'secretary of defense') and Victoria Nuland or Samantha Power (as secretary of state). 
Never acknowledging what happened yesterday, never able to absorb historical lessons, determined to maintain and expend its global hegemony (just as that becomes absolutely impossible to do, because other nations rise too, and great nations like Spain and Britain actually get humbled over time), the U.S. under Clinton will likely head methodically towards a showdown with Russia. She wants so badly, to show she can do it. She'll do it for women, everywhere, to show how strong a woman can be. 
And then there will be a sudden strange change in your environment. As you wonder what's going on you'll be painlessly vaporized, on account of Hillary's passion to topple Assad, or forcibly reintegrate the Donbass into Ukraine. 
The brilliance of the 2003 invasion will be clarified as never before in that bright blast, as Hillary'îa very strong woman'îcackles in the background from her bunker about how she came, saw, and a million died.  
ARTICLE

Truancy crackdown 'Operation Round Up' hunts homeschoolers   Source: One News Now 
Homeschool students in Florida's Jackson County are being hunted down in a countywide initiative called 'Operation Round Up,' which was launched by local school board officials to enroll more children in pubic schools. 
After watching a television interview featuring the Jackson County School Board's director of student services 'ì who called on the community to report any suspected truant students to her 'ì one homeschool family sought legal advice out of fear that the public school was aggressively and specifically targeting homeschool students. 
Crackdown on homeschoolers 
Anxiety over the matter was validated by the director when she implied that many homeschoolers are really not being educated by their parents. 
'[Homeschooling families are] not set on a particular schedule, so sometimes the community will see them around town, and they think, 'Hey, they aren't being educated?'' the leader of the Jackson County School Board asserted during a televised news interview on the local WHJG station . 'Sometimes the community is right.' 
Not stopping there, the local television station went on to insinuate that homeschooling is a disservice to children, urging members of the community to support the local schools by launching their own crackdown on homeschoolers. 
'[The] school board still encourages people to speak up with their suspicions [about homeschoolers],' the WHJG report announced across Jackson County. 
Inciting suspicion 
When apprised of the warning and incited crackdown, the Home School Legal Defense Association (HSLDA) stepped into the matter. 
HSLDA Staff Attorney Tj Schmidt promptly informed the director of the Jackson County School Board, as well as the superintendent of Jackson County schools, that their approach through the problematic Operation Round Up was troubling and needed to be addressed immediately to alleviate local homeschoolers' concerns. 
'Your statements suggest that everyone should report children they think aren't being educated,' Schmidt wrote in his letter to the school officials, according to HSLDA . 'In our opinion, this is a threatening practice, and will instill a spirit of suspicion and hostility against homeschoolers in the community.' 
In order to put an end to the misinformation and ill-advised crackdown on homeschoolers, Schmidt proceeded to offer information to Jackson County officials and residents 'ì and anyone participating in Operation Round Up 'ì so that they would be able to properly interact with local homeschooling families and maintain respect for their parental rights to educate their own without undue interference. 
Don't let them get away with it '¶ 
Attorneys with the nonprofit Christian legal organization are confident that the letter submitted by Schmidt will work to educate the community and improve the relationship between local public school officials, residents and homeschooling families countywide. 
According to HSLDA, Operation Round Up and other ill-intended and misguided attempts to boost public school revenues 'ì orchestrated to bring in more homeschoolers and increasing attendance 'ì must be reported to legal experts. It maintains that such vigilance must be exercised in order stop the government's monopoly on education from winning its war against homeschooling '¶ and anything else that falls outside of its over-regulated system.  
ARTICLE

GOOGLE PLANNED MASSIVE AI INTEGRATED SOCIAL NETWORK SPY TOOL FOR HILLARY CAMPAIGN IN 2014   Source: Higgins News Network 
A newly released Podesta email reveals that Google CEO Eric Schmidt contacted the Hillary campaign in 2014 to begin their partnership in sponsoring Clinton's campaign run for President in 2016. 
The revelations come from a memo in the email sent to Cherry Mills which was then forwarded Robby Mook, John Podesta, and David Plouffe. 
Schmidt's memo outlines an overall campaign strategy for Hillary, Schmidt's vision for a massive cloud-based AI integrate software program and also reveals that Google colluded with the Obama administration in the 2012 election. 
The memo goes on to layout plans to construct a massive cloud-based database, along with programs that leveraged machine learning (aka Artificial Intelligence) that would be used to first to track users online to create a partial digital voter ids. 
Those partial digital ids contain a collection of attributes about the users online behavior which Schmidt explains will all eventually be tied to a real voter id file by leveraging machine learning. 
Schmidt details the procurement of a development team and the use of outline money to create software that will be connected to users smart phones on 2016 that would allow volunteers the ability to access any and all voter data. 
Schmidt also outlines ideas for the using the integrated tool to monitor social media and news stories to help promote positive articles and target the source of 'rumors' and negative articles. 
Given Google's massive collection of personal user data combined with previous revelations that Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerburg and Facebook COO were colluding with Hillary raises series concerns above user privacy, media manipulation and host of other problems. 
That combined with the fact that just about every other Silicon Valley company and executive is behind the Hillary Campaign makes this a chilling memo that should be getting much more attention than it is. 
Presented in full: 
Secondary verification by google.com DKIM key 
Fwd: 2016 thoughts 
Date: Tue, Apr 15, 2014 at 1:56 PMSubject: 2016 thoughts 
Cheryl, I have put together my thoughts on the campaign ideas and I havescheduled some meetings in the next few weeks for veterans of the campaign to tell me how to make these ideas better. This is simply a draft but dolet me know if this is a helpful process for you all. Thanks !! Eric 

Notes for a 2016 Democratic CampaignEric Schmidt 
Here are some comments and observations based on what we saw in the 2012campaign. If we get started soon, we will be in a very strong position toexecute well for 2016. 
1. Size, Structure and Timing 
Lets assume a total budget of about $1.5Billion, with more than 5000 paidemployees and million(s) of volunteers. The entire startup ceasesoperation four days after November 8, 2016 . The structure includes aChairman or Chairwoman who is the external face of the campaign and aPresident who is the executive in charge of objectives, measurements,systems and building and managing the organization. 
Every day matters as our end date does not change. An official campaignright after midterm elections and a preparatory team assembled now is best. 
2. Location 
The campaign headquarters will have about a thousand people, mostly youngand hardworking and enthusiastic. Its important to have a very largehiring pool (such as Chicago or NYC) from which to choose enthusiastic,smart and low paid permanent employees. DC is a poor choice as its full ofdistractions and interruptions. Moving the location from DC elsewhereguarantees visitors have taken the time to travel and to help. 
The key is a large population of talented people who are dying to work foryou. Any outer borough of NYC, Philadelphia, Atlanta, Boston are all goodexamples of a large, blue state city to base in. 
Employees will relocate to participate in the campaign, and will find lowcost temporary housing or live with campaign supporters on a donated basis.This worked well in Chicago and can work elsewhere. 
The computers will be in the cloud and most likely on Amazon Web services(AWS) . All the campaign needs are portable computers, tablets and smartphones along with credit card reader s. 
3. The pieces of a Campaign 
a) The Field 
Its important to have strong field leadership, with autonomy andempowerment. Operations talent needs to build the offices, set up thesystems, hire the people, and administer what is about 5000 people.Initial modeling will show heavy hiring in the key battleground states.There is plenty of time to set these functions up and build the humansystems. T he field is about organizing people, voter contact, and get outthe vote programs. 
For organizing tools, build a simple way to link people and activities as aworkflow and let the field manage the system, all cloud based. Build asimple organizing tool with a functioning back-end. Avoid deep integrationas the benefits are not worth it. Build on the cloud. Organizing isreally about sharing and linking people, and this tool would measure andtrack all of it. 
There are many other crucial early investments needed in the field:determining the precise list of battleground states, doing early polling toconfirm initial biases, and maintaining and extending voter protectionprograms at the state level. 
b) The Voter 
Key is the development of a single record for a voter that aggregates allthat is known about them. In 2016 smart phones will be used to identify,meet, and update profiles on the voter. A dynamic volunteer can easilyspeak with a voter and, with their email or other digital handle, get thevoter videos and other answers to areas they care about ('the benefits ofACA to you' etc.) 
The scenario includes a volunteer on a walk list, encountering a potentialvoter, updating the records real time and deepening contact with the voterand the information we have to offer. 
c) Digital 
A large group of campaign employees will use digital marketing methods toconnect to voters, to offer information, to use social networks to spreadgood news, and to raise money. Partners like Blue State Digital will domuch of the fund raising. A key point is to convert BSD and other partnersto pure cloud service offerings to handle the expected crush and load. 
d) Media (paid), (earned) and (social), and polling 
New tools should be developed to measure reach and impact of paid, earnedand social media. The impact of press coverage should be measurable inreach and impact, and TV effectiveness measured by attention and othersurveys. 
Build tools that measure the rate and spread of stories and rumors , andmodel how it works and who has the biggest impact. Tools can tell us aboutthe origin of stories and the impact of any venue, person or theme .Connect polling into this in some way. 
Find a way to do polling online and not on phones. 
e) Analytics and data science and modeling, polling and resourceoptimization tools 
For each voter, a score is computed ranking probability of the right vote.Analytics can model demographics, social factors and many other attributesof the needed voters. Modeling will tell us what who we need to turn outand why, and studies of effectiveness will let us know what approaches workwell. Machine intelligence across the data should identify the mostimportant factors for turnout, and preference. 
It should be possible to link the voter records in Van with upcomingdatabases from companies like Comcast and others for media measurementpurposes. 
The analytics tools can be built in house or partnered with a set ofvendors. 
f) Core engineering, voter database and contact with voters online 
The database of voters (NGP Van) is a fine starting point for voter recordsand i s maintained by the vendor (and needs to be converted to the cloud ).The code developed for 2012 (Narwahl etc. ) is unlikely to be used, andreplaced by a model where the vendor data is kept in the Van database andintermediate databases are arranged with additional information for a voter. 
Quite a bit of software is to be developed to match digital identities withthe actual voter file with high confidence . The key unit of the campaignis a 'voter', and each and every record is viewable and updatable byvolunteers in search of more accurate information . 
In the case w here we can't identify the specific human , we can still have a partial digital voter id , for a person or 'probable-person' with attributesthat we can identify and use to targe t. As they respond we can eventuallymatch to a registered voter in the main file. This digital key iseventually matched to a real person . 
The Rules 
Its important that all the player in the campaign work at cost and there beno special interests in the financing structure . This means that allvendors work at cost and there is a separate auditing function to ensure noone is profiting unfairly from the campaign. All investments and conflictsof interest would have to be publicly disclosed. The rules of the auditshould include caps on individual salaries and no investor profits from thecampaign function. (For example, this rule would apply to me.) 
The KEY things 
a) early b uild of an integrated development team and recognition that thisis an entire system that has to be managed as suchb) decisions to exclusively use cloud solutions for scalability, and choiceof vendors and any software from 2012 that will be reused.c) the role of the smart phone in the hands of a volunteer. The smartphone manages the process, updates the database, informs the citizen, andallows fundraising and recruitment of volunteers (on android and iphone).d) early and continued focus of qualifying fundraising dollars to build thefield, and build all the tools. Outside money will be plentiful andperfect for TV use. A smart media mix tool tells all we need to know aboutmedia placement, TV versus other media and digital media .  
ARTICLE

Changing the Montenegrin leader does not change the ideology   Source: Submitted By Milko Pejovic The statement of the Prime Minister of Montenegro Milo Djukanovic concerning his resignation and the transfer of powers including the formation of a new parliament is actively discussed In Montenegro. Despite a positive outcome for the opposition forces the situation has not changed. Djukanovic explained his resignation by an anti-governmental conspiracy involving foreign intelligence services and the Serbian minority. Under the pretext of dealing with 'conspirators' arrests of opposition leaders and activists are being continued in the country. The story about the arrest of 'terrorists' who were planning to capture state institutions of Montenegro on the night of 17 October is still discussed in media. Special public prosecutor of Montenegro Milivoje Katnich declared the disclosure of this crime's plan. However, after a few days weapons seized from the militants were not found in the stock where they were delivered. According to workers of the Prosecutor's office the weapons were destroyed according to the order of Katnich. The elimination of the main evidence is at least a strange decision. A few days after the elections opposition activists ≈Ωeljko ≈†ƒáepanoviƒá and Gordan Konatar were detained on suspicion of financial fraud. According to law enforcement they had a large amount of money with them. ≈†ƒáepanoviƒá is s member of the party 'Movement for Change' and is a relative of Nebojsa Medojevic who is one of the leaders of the DF. The persecution affected not only active participants in the political process but also Aron Shaviv who is the adviser of the DF. Pro-government media ganged up on him with 'accusatory' articles. Representatives of law enforcement agencies staged a covert persecution. Anonymous letters are being sent via email and SMS to regular citizens who support the political initiatives of the 'Key' and the 'Democratic Front' and other parties. Montenegrins are forced to hide their political commitment to the opposition. Activists objectionable to Djukanovic's regime are under strict ideological pressure from the authorities and law enforcement agencies. Montenegro has long been a police state where it is dangerous to tell the truth, where political changes in the management team does not improve the situation.  
ARTICLE

17 Shot Dead As Chicago Records Deadliest Weekend Of 2016 Published:   Zero Hedge 
After a summer of extreme violence, homicides in Chicago were supposed to slow down going into the fall and winter months. But, that certainly does not appear to be happening as the city just recording its most violent weekend of the entire year with 52 people shot and 17 of them killed. This weekend's violence brings the tally of year to date killings in Chicago to 646, an annual run-rate which implies the most violent year since the mid-90s. 
According to the Chicago Tribune , of the 17 victims from this weekend's violence, 7 of them were under the age of 20, with the youngest victim being only 14. 
The weekend toll also was deadlier than the three long summer holiday weekends when violence typically spikes because of the warm weather. Six people were fatally shot over the Memorial Day weekend, five over the Fourth of July weekend and 13 people over Labor Day weekend, according to Tribune data. 

This past weekend there were shootings in every area of the city but the Far North and Northwest sides, according to police. Of the 17 people who were killed, seven were younger than 20. 

The youngest was 14-year-old Demarco Webster Jr ., described by his grade school principal as one of her best students. Demarco had planned to run for student council and try out for basketball, and he was being recruited for an NAACP leadership program. 

A little more than 24 hours later, 17-year-old twins Edward and Edwin Bryant were killed in an apparent drive-by shooting in Old Town. Police responding to calls about gunfire found one of the boys lying on the sidewalk in the 400 block of West Evergreen Avenue and another around the corner in the 1300 block of North Hudson Avenue. 

"The two brothers, as far as we can tell, they didn't have any documented gang affiliation," said Johnson, who noted police recovered video of the shooting. "But the individuals they were with did." 
While journalists suggested that the police department was caught off guard by gang violence linked to large crowds around Wrigley Field, police Superintendent Eddie Johnson insists that extra resources were deployed to the most dangerous neighborhoods around Chicago. 
"It was a tough weekend, but that just goes back to what I've been saying all the time," he told reporters. "Listen, until we start holding repeat gun offenders accountable for these crimes, we're going to keep seeing cycles of gun violence like this." 

Johnson denied that the department was caught off guard by the mostly gang violence on the South and West sides while deploying hundreds of extra officers for crowd control outside Wrigley Field for the Cubs' three World Series games over the weekend. 

"We had canceled days off as well as (required) 12-hour shifts over the entire weekend, so I'm confident that we had the resources out there" in the most dangerous neighborhoods, he said. 

According to HeyJackass! , killings from this weekend bring YTD Chicago homicides up to 646, a 51% increase versus last year. 

Meanwhile, YTD killings imply a run-rate of 775 homicides for the year which would be the highest since the mid-90s. 

And, of course, the majority of the violent crime continues to occur in the gang-ridden South and West side neighborhoods. 

Finally, roughly 95% of the violent crime committed so far in 2016 has been against minority citizens with nearly 80% of the shootings going unsolved. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

New State Department Documents Reveal More Clinton-Abedin Email Exchanges of Classified Information on Unsecure Server Published:   Judicial Watch 
Emails Also Reveal Special Favor for Top Clinton Foundation Donor, Distribution of Clinton State Department Schedule to Foundation Staff 
( Washington, DC ) 'ì Judicial Watch today released 323 pages of new Department of State documents, including previously unreleased email exchanges in which Clinton and top aide Huma Abedin sent classified information over Clinton's clintonemail.com unsecure email system. According to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) exemptions cited in the documents obtained by Judicial Watch, three of the Clinton-Abedin email exchanges contained material 'classified to protect national security.' 
Also included in the newly obtained documents is an additional instance of the State Department doing special favors for a high-dollar Clinton Foundation donor. And the documents include instances of the distribution by State Department officials of Clinton's government schedule to members of the Clinton Foundation staff. 
The documents contain emails not previously turned over to the State Department, bringing the known total to date of such emails uncovered by Judicial Watch to 238 new Clinton emails (not part of the 55,000 pages of emails that Clinton turned over to the State Department). These records further appear to contradict statements by Clinton that, ' as far as she knew ,' all of her government emails were turned over to the State Department. 
The new records include three separate Clinton-Abedin email exchanges withheld in part from Judicial Watch under the State Department's 'B1' FOIA exemption, applying to 'information that is classified to protect national security': 
Sent: Thu Oct 08 [8:08:03] 2009 
Subject: Fw: Memo on latest N.I. negotiations; yr trip; from Shaun W Sid 
CONFIDENTIAL 
From: Sid 
Re: Latest/N. Ireland 
After five hours of talk at Downing Street tonight, Thursday, October 8, Shaun Woodward tells me that it seems Gordon Brown has brokered a financial package with Peter Robinson and Martin McGuinness that may in turn break the deadlock of devolution of policing and justice. They have covered the major issues in stage two in their discussions. On Monday, Brown will formally set out the details in a letter to Robinson and McGuinness. Gordon will share these with you when you meet with him on Sunday at Chequers. Shaun says that both Robinson and McGuinness, subject to some minor details, should be in a position to recommend to Unionists and Nationalists that this is a strong deal. The letter will confirm the details. [Redacted due to information 'kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy;''foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources'] I hope that's right. 
From: H 
Sent: Thu Oct 08 [8:08:04] 2009 
Subject : Fw: Memo on latest N.I. negotiations; yr trip; from Shaun W Sid 
Pls print. 
Sent: Thursday, October 08, 2009 8:10:04 PM 
To: Humamabedin[Redacted] 
Subject: Fw: Memo on latest N.I. [Northern Ireland] negotiations; yr trip; from Shaun W Sid 
Attachments: hrc memo n. ireland 100809.docx 
*** 
Sent: Sun Oct 11 [8:46:43] 2009 
Subject: Memo on your speech meeting on Monday, Sid 
CONFIDENTIAL 
From: Sid 
Re: Your speech and meeting on Monday 
I have not seen your speech obviously that you will deliver Monday morning at Stormont. Shaun tells me that it's a good speech, and you're right not to instruct the parties what to do but to encourage them to address why completing devolution needs to be done [Redacted due to information 'kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy;''foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources'] That's it. 
From: H 
Sent: Monday Oct 12 02:06:15 2009 
Subject: Fw: H: Memo on your speech meeting on Monday, Sid 
Pls print 
Sent: Monday, October 12, 2009 2:11:38 AM 
To: humamabedin[Redacted] 
Subject: Fw: H: Memo on your speech meeting on Monday, Sid 
Attachments: hrc memo ni [sic] meeting 101209 docx 
*** 
Sent: Sun Oct 25 11:13:17 2009 
Subject : Re: Honduras 
First, Tom's travel date hasn't been set 'ì will be Tuesday or Wednesday we think. He is coordinating with Don Restrepo to see if they can go together [Redacted due to information 'kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy'] So that's where we are. We'll have more to report tomorrow. 
*** 
Sent: Sun Oct 25 [11:49:45] 2009 
Subject: Re: Honduras 
Sounds good. 
There will be those who take a hard line on the elections, but perhaps some fence-sitting countries could be persuaded on conditional recognition. I'll flag it for Tom and Craig. 
From: H 
Sent: Mon Oct 26 07:27:12 2009 
Subject: Fw: Honduras 
All of this did not print last night, It stopped after Fourth! [Redacted due to information 'kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy;''foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources'] 
From: Huma Abedin [Huma@clintonemail.com] 
Sent: Monday, October 26, 2009 8:06:12 AM 
To: humaabedin [Redacted] 
Subject: Fw: Honduras 
The emails also include an exchange between Abedin, Clinton personal assistant Lauren Jiloty, and Iris Anaya, the assistant to sugar magnate and Clinton Foundation donor Alfonso Fanjul concerning a request for special access to Clinton. On October 13, 2009, Anaya emailed Abedin seeking to arrange a meeting between Fanjul, the CEO of Florida Crystals, and Clinton. Jiloty responded the next day, asking that Anaya talk with Clinton scheduler Lona Valmoro about 'setting up a meeting.' Fanjul donated more than $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation and was a Bill Clinton co-chairman in Florida. 
In an October 26, 2009, email exchange, power attorney and Hillary Clinton financial supporter, Charlie Ann Syprett, contacted Doug Band, apparently seeking help in getting around U.S. Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) restrictions on U.S. citizens' ability to travel to Cuba. Syprett ostensibly wanted a waiver from the restrictions to enable people from her organization, SYC Charitable Foundation, to travel to Cuba, noting 'we are not asking for something out of the ordinary.' 
The emails also show that Valmoro sent Clinton's government schedule to the unsecure email addresses of numerous members of the Clinton Foundation staff on October 16, 2009, again on October 18, 2009, and on October 25, 2009. The emails also include discussions of personnel matters and appointments on Clinton's unsecure account, which may run afoul of federal privacy law. 
This is the thirteenth set of records produced for Judicial Watch by the State Department from the non-state.gov email accounts of Huma Abedin. The documents were produced under a court order in a May 5, 2015, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit against the State Department requiring the agency to produce 'all emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013, using a 'non-state'.gov email address' ( Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00684)). Previous records releases documented special Clinton State Department consideration for Clinton Foundation supporters (see here , here , and here .) 
'We've once again uncovered classified information in Hillary Clinton's and Huma Abedin's emails,' said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton. 'It is frankly remarkable that the FBI and Justice Department are only now investigating Abedin's connection to Clinton's mishandling of classified information.' 
###
ARTICLE

Trending Articles: Trending Articles: John Podesta's Best Friend At The DOJ Will Be In Charge Of The DOJ's Probe Into Huma Abedin Emails   Source: Zero Hedge 
Now that the FBI has obtained the needed warrant to start poring over the 650,000 or so emails uncovered in Anthony Weiner's notebook, among which thousands of emails sent from Huma Abedin using Hillary Clinton's personal server, moments ago the US Justice Department announced it is also joining the probe, and as AP reported moments ago, vowed to dedicate all needed resources to quickly review the over half a million emails in the Clinton case. BREAKING: Justice Dept. says it'll dedicate all needed resources to quickly review emails in Clinton case. 
'î The Associated Press (@AP) October 31, 2016 
In the letter to Congress, the DOJ writes that it 'will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,' assistant attorney General Peter J. Kadzik writes in letters to House and Senate lawmakers. #BREAKING Senior DOJ official sends letter to lawmakers responding to request for more information about email review. #8days pic.twitter.com/PCgT2ODkQd 
'î Just the Facts (@JTF_News) October 31, 2016 
So far so good, even if one wonders just how active the DOJ will be in a case that has shown an unprecedented schism between the politically influenced Department of Justice and the FBI. 
And yet, something felt odd about this. 
Kadzik... Kadzik... where have we heard that name? 
Oh yes. Recall our post from last week, " Clinton Campaign Chair Had Dinner With Top DOJ Official One Day After Hillary's Benghazi Hearing " in which we reported that John Podesta had dinner with one of the highest ranked DOJ officials the very day after Hillary Clinton's Benghazi testimony? 
It was Peter Kadzik. 
In other words, the best friend of John Podesta, Clinton's Campaign char, at the DOJ will be in charge of a probe that could potentially sink Hillary Clinton. 
For those who missed it, this is what we reported previously: 
The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, John Podesta, Hillary's campaign chairman met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, who is currently a top official at the US Justice Department serving as Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs. 

The post-Benghazi dinner was attended by Podesta, Kadzik, superlobbyist Vincent Roberti and other well-placed Beltway fixtures. The first mention of personal contact between Podesta and Kadzik in the Wikileaks dump is in an Oct. 23, 2015 email sent out by Vincent Roberti, a lobbyist who is close to Podesta and his superlobbyist brother, Tony Podesta. In it, Roberti refers to a dinner reservation at Posto, a Washington D.C. restaurant. The dinner was set for 7:30 that evening, just one day after Clinton gave 11 hours of testimony to the Benghazi Committee. 

Podesta and Kadzik met several months later for dinner at Podesta's home, another email shows . Another email sent on May 5, 2015 , Kadzik's son asked Podesta for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
As the Daily Caller noted , the dinner arrangement "is just the latest example of an apparent conflict of interest between the Clinton campaign and the federal agency charged with investigating the former secretary of state's email practices." As one former U.S. Attorney tells told the DC, the exchanges are another example of the Clinton campaign's 'cozy relationship' with the Obama Justice Department. 
The hacked emails confirm that Podesta and Kadzik were in frequent contact. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta's birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik's son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
'The political appointees in the Obama administration, especially in the Department of Justice, appear to be very partisan in nature and I don't think had clean hands when it comes to the investigation of the private email server,' says Matthew Whitaker, the executive director of the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust, a government watchdog group. 
'It's the kind of thing the American people are frustrated about is that the politically powerful have insider access and have these kind of relationships that ultimately appear to always break to the benefit of Hillary Clinton,' he added, comparing the Podesta-Kadzik meetings to the revelation that Attorney General Loretta Lynch met in private with Bill Clinton at the airport in Phoenix days before the FBI and DOJ investigating Hillary Clinton. 
Kadzik's role at the DOJ, where he started in 2013, is particularly notable Kadzik, as helped spearhead the effort to nominate Lynch, who was heavily criticized for her secret meeting with the former president. 
It gets better because, as we further revealed, if there is one person in the DOJ who is John Podesta's, and thus the Clinton Foundation's inside man, it is Peter Kadjik. 
Kadzik represented Podesta during the Monica Lewinsky investigation. And in the waning days of the Bill Clinton administration, Kadzik lobbied Podesta on behalf of Marc Rich, the fugitive who Bill Clinton controversially pardoned on his last day in office. That history is cited by Podesta in another email hacked from his Gmail account. In a Sept. 2008 email , which the Washington Free Beacon flagged last week, Podesta emailed an Obama campaign official to recommend Kadzik for a supportive role in the campaign. Podesta, who would later head up the Obama White House transition effort, wrote that Kadzik was a 'fantastic lawyer' who 'kept me out of jail.' 
Podesta was caught in a sticky situation in both the Lewinsky affair and the Rich pardon scandal. As deputy chief of staff to Clinton in 1996, Podesta asked then-United Nations ambassador Bill Richardson to hire the 23-year-old Lewinsky . In April 1996, the White House transferred Lewinsky from her job as a White House intern to the Pentagon in order to keep her and Bill Clinton separate. But the Clinton team also wanted to keep Lewinsky happy so that she would not spill the beans about her sexual relationship with Clinton. 
Richardson later recounted in his autobiography that he offered Lewinsky the position but that she declined it. 
Podesta made false statements to a grand jury impaneled by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr for the investigation . But he defended the falsehoods, saying later that he was merely relaying false information from Clinton that he did not know was inaccurate at the time. 'He did lie to me,' Podesta said about Clinton in a National Public Radio interview in 1998. Clinton was acquitted by the Senate in Feb. 1999 of perjury and obstruction of justice charges related to the Lewinsky probe. Kadzik, then a lawyer with the firm Dickstein Shapiro Morin & Oshinsky, represented Podesta through the fiasco. 
Podesta had been promoted to Clinton's chief of staff when he and Kadzik became embroiled in another scandal. 
Kadzik was then representing Marc Rich, a billionaire financier who was wanted by the U.S. government for evading a $48 million tax bill. The fugitive, who was also implicated in illegal trading activity with nations that sponsored terrorism, had been living in Switzerland for 17 years when he sought the pardon. To help Rich, Kadzik lobbied Podesta heavily in the weeks before Clinton left office on Jan. 20, 2001. A House Oversight Committee report released in May 2002 stated that 'Kadzik was recruited into Marc Rich's lobbying campaign because he was a long-time friend of White House Chief of Staff John Podesta.' 
The report noted that Kadzik contacted Podesta at least seven times regarding Rich's pardon. On top of the all-hands-on-deck lobbying effort, Rich's ex-wife, Denise Rich, had doled out more than $1 million to the Clintons and other Democrats prior to the pardon . She gave $100,000 to Hillary Clinton's New York Senate campaign and another $450,000 to the Clinton presidential library. 
Kadzik's current role 
In his current role as head of the Office of Legislative Affairs, Kadzik handles inquiries from Congress on a variety of issues. In that role he was not in the direct chain of command on the Clinton investigation. The Justice Department and FBI have insisted that career investigators oversaw the investigation, which concluded in July with no charges filed against Clinton. 
But Kadzik worked on other Clinton email issues in his dealings with Congress. Last November, he denied a request from Republican lawmakers to appoint a special counsel to lead the investigation. 
In a Feb. 1, 2016 letter in response to Kadzik, Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis noted that Kadzik had explained 'that special counsel may be appointed at the discretion of the Attorney General when an investigation or prosecution by the Department of Justice would create a potential conflict of interest.' 
DeSantis, a Republican, suggested that Lynch's appointment by Bill Clinton in 1999 as U.S. Attorney in New York may be considered a conflict of interest. He also asserted that Obama's political appointees 'î a list which includes Kadzik 'î'are being asked to impartially execute their respective duties as Department of Justice officials that may involve an investigation into the activities of the forerunner for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States.' 
It is unknown if Kadzik responded to DeSantis' questions. 
Kadzik's first involvement in the Clinton email brouhaha came in a Sept. 24, 2015 response letter to Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Chuck Grassley in which he declined to confirm or deny whether the DOJ was investigating Clinton. Last month, Politico reported that Kadzik angered Republican lawmakers when, in a classified briefing, he declined to say whether Clinton aides who received DOJ immunity were required to cooperate with congressional probes. 
Kadzik also testified at a House Oversight Committee hearing last month on the issue of classifications and redactions in the FBI's files of the Clinton email investigation. 
Finally, it is also worth noting that Kadzik's wife, Amy Weiss , currently at Weiss Public Affairs worked on the 1992 Clinton/Gore Campaign as a Press Secretary, and Communications Director for the Democratic National Committee, and a White House Deputy Assistant to the President/ Deputy Press Secretary to President Bill Clinton. 
* * * 
And now it seems that Kadzik will be in charge of the DOJ's "probe" into Huma Abedin's emails. Which is why we are a little skeptical the DOJ will find "anything" of note.
ARTICLE

Police across the country are being equipped with 'Christian' facial recognition cameras   Source: MassPrivateI 
Soon, cops across America will be wearing body cameras equipped with facial recognition software. 
Watchguard Video (WGV) claims their new ' Redactive ' software will enable law enforcement to identify anyone. (WGV is really, Enforcement Video LLC ) 
Redactive quickly scans the entire video clip first, automatically recognizing faces, so the user [officer] spends much less time manually performing the task. 
Police cameras automatically identify everyone's face 
Redactive's advanced facial recognition technology automatically detects and identifies human faces , minimizing the elements of the video which are falsely detected as human, thus reducing the overall time spent manually searching and marking the video for redaction. Users begin the redaction process by instructing the software to auto-detect any face in the video. Once auto-detection is complete, the software allows the user to select and redact the face or faces throughout the video. 
6,000 spying law enforcement agencies and growing 
How long, before every law enforcement agency in America is equipped with facial recognition cameras? 
Nearly 1 Million spying cops in America 
According to the Skeptical Libertarian there are close to a MILLION cops in the U.S. Think about what's happening. 
Soon, America will have 18,000 law enforcement agencies and a MILLION cops using facial recognition software! 
How long before firefighters are equipped with facial recognition cameras? 
In Modesto, California firefighters are being equipped with heat-resistant helmet cameras. 
WGV's 'Christian' facial recognition cameras 
According to WGV's company profile, God wants to give cops facial recognition cameras! 
WGV is a God-guided company that is committed to serving our employees and customers through servant leadership . 
Are they listening to God or the cops? 
' Our team spends a lot of time listening to the needs of law enforcement as it pertains to video evidence. With VISTA WiFi, I think they'll find we not only surpassed their needs, we've leapfrogged the market's expectations' Robert Vanman , Founder and CEO of WatchGuard Video said. 
WGV works closely with Homeland Security 
Join Grants Office, LLC and WatchGuard Video as we explore various [DHS] grant programs that will fund BWCs, as well as other solutions such as in-car video. In addition to gaining an understanding of the funding available and tips to secure grants, participants will learn about the latest and greatest video technology available to public safety agencies. 
WGV helps police get $1.8 Billion in grant money from DHS 
WGV published a 2016 Grant Funding Guide that identifies funding sources and helps them write grants that'll get approved.
ARTICLE

Trending Articles: Trending Articles: 'Chairman Cash' 'ì John Podesta is Paid $7,000 a Month by Foundation Run by Banker With Ties to Financial Crisis   Source: Michael Krieger, Liberty Blitzkrieg 
Last Friday, I published a post titled, John Podesta's Sister-in-Law Lobbied For Raytheon While Hillary Was Secretary of State , which understandably got totally buried in the madness surrounding the latest FBI news. Here's the first paragraph of that post: 
The Podesta family seems particularly adept at earning extraordinary sums of money via selling out the American public. Earlier this year, I highlighted how John Podesta's brother Tony was paid $140,000 per month by the medieval monarchy of Saudi Arabia. After all, who cares about women's rights when the pay is good? 
Indeed, it's not just relatives of Podesta who know how to rake in the cash. John is no slouch either, as Politico explained in an article published earlier today. 
Here are a few excerpts: 
Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, last year signed a $7,000-a-month contract with the foundation of a major Clinton donor who made a fortune selling a type of mortgage that some critics say contributed to the housing collapse, hacked emails show. 

In February of last year, as Podesta was working to lay the groundwork for Clinton's soon-to-launch campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination, he signed the contract with the Sandler Foundation, which was started by Herb Sandler and his late wife Marion Sandler. 
The contract 'î a copy of which was included in emails illegally obtained from Podesta's Gmail account and disseminated Monday by WikiLeaks 'î is still active, according to Herb Sandler, who said that it calls for Podesta to provide advice on grant-making and other foundation functions. 
It's unusual for the full-time chairman of a general-election presidential campaign to maintain an active side deal with a major donor to that campaign 'î let alone to raise money from that donor for the campaign. 
The WikiLeaks cache shows that Podesta provided Sandler with philanthropic advice and assortments of cheeses and pastas as gifts on the holidays, while Sandler offered all manner of political observations and once tried to get Podesta to arrange for former President Bill Clinton to write a blurb for a book written by one of Sandler's friends. 
Lobster risotto? 
But Sandler brushed aside any concerns about potential conflicts of interest. 
'I have never asked for anything of any political person 'î zero requests ever,' Sandler said. 'If they're responsive, it's because they regard me as thoughtful, and a major contributor to Democratic causes,' Sandler said, adding that Podesta 'knows that he doesn't get bullshit from me. He knows I have no hidden agenda. He knows that my values are similar to his and that we care about people and not the billionaires, even though I ended up by some crazy thing to be one.' 
Neither Podesta nor the Clinton campaign responded to questions about the contract. 
Herb Sandler's Clinton-related giving picked up last December after a visit from Podesta. 
The campaign's finance director Dennis Cheng responded ' Great!! ,' calling Podesta '#ChairmanCash.' 
'Chairman cash.' A new meme has just been born. 
The very next day, Sandler gave $1.5 million to Priorities USA Action, to which he has now given a total of $3 million, FEC records show. 
The family's fortune comes from the savings and loan institution that Herb and Marion Sandler ran for decades, a bank that became World Savings. It would end up making boatloads of cash from a type of adjustable rate mortgage that other lenders would later adopt, securitize and sell in a way that some have blamed for contributing to the housing bubble that burst in 2008. Not long before the burst and subsequent recession, the Sandlers sold the bank for $25.5 billion to Wachovia, earning $2.6 billion off the sale and donating most of their net worth to their foundation. Wachovia was later acquired by Wells Fargo. 
The Sandlers met Podesta when they helped seed the Center for American Progress, the think tank he started in 2003 as a sort of Democratic administration in exile during George W. Bush's presidency. Tax filings show that the Sandler Foundation has donated more than $37 million over the years to CAP, which worked to support President Barack Obama's administration but has always been seen as more aligned with Clinton. 
Center for American Progress'¶where have we heard that before? Oh yeah, in last week's post, Dennis Kucinich's Extraordinary Warning on D.C.'s Think Tank Warmongers , we learned: 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America's current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on 'mission accomplished.' CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
Remember peasants, war is ok if 'liberals' do it. Now back to Politico '¶ 
The WikiLeaks emails reveal that Podesta and his team at the Center for American Progress discussed how to push back on scrutiny of the Sandlers related to the 2008 housing collapse. That included an October 2008 'Saturday Night Live' sketch in which an actor playing Herb Sandler thanked members of Congress 'for helping block congressional oversight of our corrupt activity.' 
Podesta wrote to his colleagues that he'd talked to Herb Sandler, and 'they are obviosly [sic] upset. Weird that snl should pick them out.' 
After doing some research, a subordinate replied that 'it appears default rates on their stuff was high (herb says not more so than others) and the losses were key to almsot wachovia failure 'î athough herb emphasizes that they were only one of the institutions problems.' Sandler told POLITICO that any suggestion that his bank's products contributed to the collapse were 'a bunch of bullshit,' pointing out that their bank used a risk-averse approach to their loans, which had among the lowest default rate in the industry. 
But Scott Walter, president of Capital Research Center, a conservative nonprofit that monitors the giving of major liberal donors including Sandler, argued that Podesta's newly revealed contractual relationship with Sandler stood in stark contrast to Clinton's efforts to cast herself as tough on the financial industry. 'This is another instance where the Clinton campaign has been revealed to have surprising links to some of the most dubious parts of the finance industry,' Walter said. 
The Sandlers' philanthropy increasingly has focused on fighting financial inequality and the role of big money in politics 'î a subject about which Herb Sandler and Podesta emailed frequently, according to WikiLeaks. 
Interesting considering he is big money in politics, and seems to have no problem endlessly cheerleading the chosen candidate of America's oligarchs. 
Sandler explained to POLITICO that during the process of working to launch the center, he realized 'we had been picking his brain ad nauseum' for years without paying Podesta as a consultant 'î a scenario Sandler called 'very unfair.' That led to the consulting contract, which Sandler cast as 'a ripoff' for Podesta. 'I'd pay a lot more for that advice,' Sandler said, calling Podesta 'one the most intelligent, decent, thoughtful human beings I'd ever met.' 
In March, as Clinton's Democratic primary campaign against Bernie Sanders grew increasingly bitter, Sandler emailed Podesta just to check up. 
'How are you?' Sandler wrote . 'MIss you.' 
Call me crazy, but if he was really so focused on solving income inequality why wasn't he supporting Bernie Sanders? 
But hey.
ARTICLE

US Drone Pilots May Be 'Illegally' Acquiring Targets From UK Bases   Source: Motherboard 

Creech Air Force Base , Nevada, is widely known to be the heart of the United States' overseas drone operations, from where more than 100 drone flights per day 'îmostly in the Middle East'îare controlled. Notions of this base's overworked drone pilots, sitting in stuffy trailers monitoring and killing targets 8,000 miles away, have been popularized by movies such as Good Kill and Eye in the Sky. 
But a British human rights campaign group says it has uncovered documents that show the US is also conducting its military drone operations from within Royal Air Force (RAF) bases in the UK, an act that would be deemed in breach of international laws , argues the group. The British government denies this however, stating , 'the US does not operate RPAS [remotely piloted aircraft systems] from the UK.' 
Publicly available job listings and r√©sum√©s, shown to Motherboard by human rights campaign group Reprieve, show that US military personnel based in the UK have been working on drone missions at RAF Molesworth in Cambridgeshire near London. Another job ad is looking for a 'targeting analyst' to work at Molesworth 'for conducting thorough analysis on traditional and non-traditional targets for the purposes of creating electronic target folders for nation state and non-state actor systems.' A further job ad from private military contractor Leidos is looking for a video intelligence analyst to be based at Molesworth. 
While the Molesworth base belongs to the RAF, parts of it are currently leased to the US for its European Command's intelligence analysis operations, known as the Joint Analysis Center. US operations at Molesworth are in fact currently preparing to merge with operations at Croughton RAF base, where a $160 million US operations center will be established . "The British Government has questions to answer" 
'Simply to say that drones are not flown from the UK is missing the point, if it is personnel on British soil that are at the top of the so-called 'kill chain' and British agencies who are feeding targets into those lists,' said Jennifer Gibson, staff attorney at Reprieve. 'The US drone programme, conducted in the shadows, has killed hundreds of civilians without any accountability. The British Government has questions to answer over its own involvement in this secret war and how much responsibility it bears for those deaths.'
ARTICLE

Obamacare 'Near Collapse' in Minnesota as Prices Jump 60% Average   
News on Obamacare cannot possibly come at a better time for the Trump campaign. 
The Obamacare exchanges in Minnesota are near collapse. 
The state's insurance regulator says Minnesota health-care is in an 'emergency situation' and calls the average 60% hike a 'stopgap for 2017'. 
Please consider Near 'Collapse,' Minnesota to Raise Obamacare Rates by Half . 
Minnesota will let the health insurers in its Obamacare market raise rates by at least 50 percent next year, after the individual market there came to the brink of collapse, the state's commerce commissioner said Friday. 
The increases range from 50 percent to 67 percent, Commissioner Mike Rothman's office said in a statement. Rothman, who regulates the state's insurers, is an appointee under Governor Mark Dayton, a Democrat. The rate hike follows increases for this year of 14 percent to 49 percent. 
'It's in an emergency situation 'î we worked hard and avoided a collapse.' Rothman said in a telephone interview. 'It's a stopgap for 2017.' 
On average, rates in the state will rise by about 60 percent, said Shane Delaney, a spokesman for MNSure, the state's marketplace for Obamacare plans. About 250,000 people, or 5 percent of the state's population, were covered under plans bought on the individual market, including plans bought on the Affordable Care Act markets as well as outside it. 
Lie of the Day 
The lie of the day comes from Jonathan Gold, a spokesman for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. 
Minnesotans would still have affordable options for coverage next year said Gold. 'Headline rate changes do not reflect what these consumers actually pay because tax credits reduce the cost of coverage below the sticker price.' 
Of the about 70,000 people who had insurance on the Obamacare markets this year, 63 percent got subsidies last year, according to the commissioner's office. 
For at least 37% of Minnesotans Obamacare is hugely unaffordable. For those who got small subsidies, Obamacare is hugely unaffordable. We do not have breakdowns by subsidy amount, but I suspect at lest 65% do not feel Obamcare is affordable. 
Those nearly broke with massive subsidies may view Obamacare as 'affordable'. Businesses sure don't and neither do those who get little or no subsidies. 
Also in the not-affordable class are millions of healthy millennials who have to dramatically overpay so that a small subset of people benefit mightily. 
Government in Action Government in action:Obamacare was supposed to increase competition and reduce costs. Instead it decreased competition and increased costs. 'î Mike Mish Shedlock (@MishGEA) November 1, 2016  
ARTICLE

Someone Just Donated $2.5 Million to Bail Out Everyone Arrested at Standing Rock   Source: Nick Bernabe 
North Dakota 'î Following the recent mass arrests of 141 people at the Dakota Access Pipeline construction site located near Standing Rock, North Dakota, an anonymous donor just donated $2.5 million to bail out everyone who was arrested at the protests. 
The news came after Tamara Francis-Fourkiller, a tribal leader from the Caddo Nation tribe in Caddo County, Oklahoma, was arrested at Standing Rock. Francis-Fourkiller was released after spending two days in jail, but her family says she was just an innocent observer in the clashes between militarized law enforcement and Native American activists, or 'water protectors.' 
According to local news affiliate News On 6 : 
'Family members of Caddo Nation chairwoman Tamara Francis-Fourkiller said an anonymous donor paid $2.5 million late Saturday afternoon to release everyone arrested on Thursday at the Dakota Access Pipeline site. They said, however, that Francis-Fourkiller should not have been arrested in the first place.' 
Though the donor who sent the $2.5 million remains anonymous, it appears the person is connected to the Caddo Nation tribe in some way . 
The anonymous donation is welcome news to those arrested in the mass crackdown last Thursday, however, Standing Rock is still raising legal defense funds for future arrests 'î which are all but guaranteed to happen.  
ARTICLE

Not Just Hillary, Entire Obama Administration Exposed for Using Private Email to Avoid FOIA Requests   Source: Jack Burns 
Wikileaks is helping President Obama keep his 2008 campaign promise 'î to be the most transparent administration in U.S. history 'î whether he likes it or not. And, once again, we're learning more about the inner sanctum of the administration and its communication practices. As FBI Director James Comey announced Friday, a new investigation into Hillary Clinton's email scandal has been launched, just days before the presidential election. Comey's move drew fire instantly from the Democrats who claim Comey is attempting to sway the election in Donald Trump's favor. While many are focused on Comey's actions and renewed investigation, Wikileaks has uncovered what may prove to be a systemic problem of executive branch accountability not merely limited to the former secretary of state's emails. 
According to former State Department official Tom Nides, in a 2015 email to John Podesta (Clinton campaign manager), everyone in Obama's cabinet and every White House staffer uses their personal email for government business. Nides should know as he worked under Hillary Clinton in the State Department from 2011 to 2013, according to one source . 
While keeping email hidden from the public may seem like no big deal to folks who simply don't care, ALL correspondence which is related to governmental business is the property of the federal government and is supposed to be accessible by anyone wishing to inquire within the archive of records. 
The Federal Records Act defines a record as anything, 'regardless of whether it exists in physical, digital, or electronic form, is a record as defined in subsection (a) shall be binding on all Federal agencies.' This includes all communication of state agents (like the POTUS) who work in the executive branch of government, as well. 
But the Obama administration, according to Nides, has long since avoided the Federal Records Act by using private Gmail accounts. Nides wrote Podesta and said, 'There is only one thing that needs to be done on this email thing. (Which I am sure nobody wants to do). Get a state dept career lawyer to go through all the emails and pull the official ones.' That admission seems to be on the level with what is expected for compliance with the Federal Records Act. But it was Nides' next admission which is the talk of many major media outlets. 
Nides wrote, 'Btw you know as well as I every god damn cabinet officer and WH staff uses their [sic] gmail account!' The former Department of State employee revealed what many already suspected. The Obama administration is anything but transparent. Just ask Tom Fitton, president of Judicial Watch. His organization routinely sues the Obama administration in federal court using the Freedom of Information Act as warrant for inquiry, and says the administration stonewalls his efforts at every turn. Fitton's organization gave the Obama administration a failing grade on transparency and says his administration is even less transparent than when Bush was president. 
Fitton wrote in 2015 , 'There are about 18 lawsuits, 10 of which are active in federal court, and about 160 Judicial Watch FOIA requests that could be affected by Mrs. Clinton and her staff's use of secret email accounts to conduct official government business. In our various FOIA lawsuits, our lawyers have informed attorneys for the Obama administration that Hillary Clinton's account and any other secret accounts used by State employees should be secured, recovered and searched.' JW actively seeks out those files through official methods, using FOIA and the Federal Records Act, but has been met with delay after delay from FOIA requests to the Obama administration. 
While the Obama administration is on its way out, groups like Judicial Watch aren't going anywhere, and presumably have all the time in the world to FOIA their way into digging up those deleted Clinton emails, as well as securing Gmail accounts from the Obama administration cabinet and staffers. This story is definitely a long way from being over. 
It's no wonder why so many free thinkers are now questioning the story lines they're being told. With the president and all his men (and women), hiding their communications within their Gmail accounts, the truth is never going to be told, at least not the real truth. And by the time organizations like Judicial Watch are successful in obtaining the electronic communications records that rightly belong to the people, it will be way too late to hold anyone accountable for breaking both the Federal Records Act and the Freedom of Information Act. Julian Assange, we salute you. Thank you for forcing the Obama administration to be transparent. Keep up the valiant work!  
ARTICLE

Clinton Campaign Questions Release Of FBI's Marc Rich Pardon Records   Source: Zero Hedge 
As reported moments ago, in what appears to have been a surprise release, the FBI's Vault twitter account released 129 pages of files related to the FBI's 2001 prove into Bill Clinton's 2001 pardon of Marc Rich. And while NBC reported that the files were releases as part of a normal subpoena, the increasingly paranoid (not without reason) Clinton campaign immediately had questions. According to Politico , "Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign raised questions about the timing of the FBI's release Tuesday of records on a 15-year-old investigation into President Bill Clinton's pardon to fugitive financier Marc Rich." 
The FBI posted the 129 pages of records in its online Freedom of Information Act reading room in apparent response to a FOIA request seeking information on FBI inquiries into the Clinton Foundation. On the website, the release was dated Monday, but an FBI Twitter account flagged the new posting at noon on Tuesday. 
As Politico adds, the Clinton campaign, which is already at odds with FBI Director James Comey over his disclosure of new evidence in the Clinton email probe, immediately questioned why Clinton-related records were being released just a week before the election. 
'Absent a FOIA litigation deadline, this is odd. Will FBI be posting docs on Trump's housing discrimination in '70s?' Clinton press secretary Brian Fallon asked on Twitter. Absent a FOIA litigation deadline, this is odd. Will FBI be posting docs on Trump's housing discrimination in '70s? https://t.co/uJMMzX6rtI 
'î Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) November 1, 2016 
When reached by Politico, spokespeople for the FBI and the Justice Department did not immediately respond to questions about whether there were any lawsuits seeking the newly posted material or whether a judge had set a deadline for its disclosure. 
Despite the lack of major revelations in the documents, which constitute only a part of the FBI's files on the inquiry, the atmospherics in the records are unhelpful to the Clinton campaign. The records repeatedly refer to the probe being handled by the 'Public Corruption Unit' and make clear that the FBI was examining claims that Denise Rich's Democratic Party 'donations may have been intended to influence the fugitive's pardon.' 
'It appears that the required pardon standards and procedures were not followed,' the internal FBI memos said. 
Indeed, the request for a pardon for Marc Rich and his business partner, Pincus Green, did not go through normal channels at the Justice Department but was sent directly to the White House. However, presidents are free to grant executive clemency outside the Justice Department channel and many presidents have done so. 

The investigation was eventually handed off to Comey, who was White's successor as U.S. attorney. Comey elected not to seek any charges in the case. 
So purely a coincidence? Or an internal message sent from FBI staffers, and if so addressed to whom: Clinton or Comey?  
ARTICLE

US-Supported Terrorists Shell Russian Embassy In Damascus Published: November 1, 2016 
The Sleuth Journal 
They've done it before without causing casualties or damage. According the Russian Foreign Ministry, terrorists fired two mortar rounds at the embassy's compound. 
One shell exploded near the diplomatic mission's entrance, damaging the building and four vehicles. The attack came from terrorist-controlled Jobar district. 
On Friday, the Security Council addressed the incident, saying its 'members'¶condemned in the strongest terms another mortar shelling of the Embassy of the Russian Federation in Damascus (Syrian Arab Republic), which caused significant material damage.' 
They stressed the 'fundamental principle of the inviolability of diplomatic and consular premises.' Host governments are obligated 'to take all appropriate steps to protect diplomatic and consular premises against any intrusion or damage, and to prevent any disturbance of the peace of these missions or impairment of their dignity, and to prevent any attack on diplomatic premises, agents and consular officers.' 
Not easily done when countries are attacked by foreign-supported death squads, supplied with heavy weapons to wage war. 
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova expressed concern over no 'international reaction'¶but we will try to get it,' she said, including on the platform of international organizations, because we are talking about a diplomatic mission, about systematic terrorist attacks.' 
Russian upper house Federation Council Security and Defense Committee first deputy chairman Frants Klintesevich believes the latest shelling was conducted to disrupt Moscow's humanitarian pause, saying it failed 'ì nor can there be an 'option of making any concessions to terrorists.' 
Separately, heavily US-led Western pressure got General Assembly members to vote Russia off the UN Human Rights Council 'ì a body infested with major human rights abusers, including reelected member Saudi Arabia with over a three-fourths majority vote. 
Ignored was its genocidal war on Yemen, ruthless despotic rule tolerating no dissent, arbitrary arrests and imprisonments, torture and physical abuse, public beheadings and whippings, violence against women, along with other major violations of civil and human rights. 
Russia, Hungary and Croatia vied for two Eastern European seats. Moscow's UN envoy Vitaly Churkin said '(i)t was a very close vote and very good countries competing, Croatia, Hungary. They are fortunate because of their size, they are not exposed to the winds of international diplomacy. Russia is very exposed. We've been in the UNHRC for several years, and I am sure next time we will stand and get back in.' 
Not easily as long as Washington maintains pressure to prevent it. US-led NATO's undeclared war on Russia continues. Hillary's ascension to power next year threatens to turn it red hot. 
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago and can be reached at . His new book is titled 'How Wall Street Fleeces America: Privatized Banking, Government Collusion and Class War'. www.claritypress.com/Lendman.html Visit his blog site at www.sjlendman.blogspot.com .
ARTICLE

The Rise of Mandatory Vaccinations Means the End of Medical Freedom   Source: The Antimedia 
Mandatory vaccinations are about to open up a new frontier for government control. Through the war on drugs, bureaucrats arbitrarily dictate what people can and can't put into their bodies, but that violation pales in comparison to forcibly medicating millions against their will. Voluntary and informed consent are essential in securing individual rights, and without it, self-ownership will never be respected. 
The liberal stronghold of California is trailblazing the encroaching new practice and recently passed laws mandating that children and adults must have certain immunizations before being able to attend schools or work in certain professions. The longstanding religious and philosophical exemptions that protect freedom of choice have been systematically crushed by the state. 
California's Senate Bill 277 went into effect on July 1st, 2016, and marked the most rigid requirements ever instituted for vaccinations. The law forces students to endure a total of 40 doses to complete the 10 federally recommended vaccines while allowing more to be added at any time. Any family that doesn't go along will have their child barred from attending licensed day care facilities, in-home daycares, public or private schools, and even after school programs. 
Over the years, California has developed a reputation for pushing vaccines on their youth. Assembly Bill 499 was passed in 2011 and lowered the age of consent for STD prevention vaccines to just 12 years old. Included in the assortment of shots being administered was the infamous Gardasil , which just a few years later was at the center of a lawsuit that yielded the victims a $6 million settlement from the U.S. government, which paid out funds from the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program . 
The Vaccinate All Children Act of 2015 is an attempt to implement this new standard nationwide, and although it has stalled in the House, it will likely be reintroduced the next time the country is gripped by the fear of a pandemic. 
The debate surrounding vaccinations is commonly framed as a moral struggle between the benefits to the collective and the selfish preferences of the individual. But since the outbreak scares of Zika , measles , and ebola , the rhetoric has taken a turn toward authoritarianism. 
It's commonly stated by the CDC and most mainstream doctors that the unvaccinated are putting the health of everyone else at risk, but the truth isn't so black and white . The herd immunity theory has been consistently used to validate the expansion of vaccine programs, but it still doesn't justify the removal of choice from the individual. 
The classic exchange of freedom for perceived safety is a no brainer for the millions of Americans who are willing to use government to strap their neighbors down and forcibly inject them for the greater good. Anyone who expresses concern about possible side effects is immediately branded as conspiratorial or anti-science. Yet controversial claims that certain vaccine variants cause neurological disorders like autism have led some people to swear off inoculations altogether. This all-or-nothing dynamic has completely polarized the issue and prevents any reasonable discussion from taking place. Either you accept all of the CDC's recommended 69 doses of 16 vaccines between birth and age 18, or you want to bring back measles, polio, and probably the black plague. 
On the other extreme side of the debate, if you fail to acknowledge all vaccines as dangerous, you're an ignorant sheep. Through the internet, disinformation has become widespread and created a movement of people that have written off all the benefits accomplished through immunizations. These individuals are unable or unwilling to separate the science from the shady institutions that develop and distribute new vaccines. Even if thimerosal and mercury based preservatives cause adverse reactions in some patients, it doesn't detract from the advantages vaccine technology provides. In this debate, like most others in the US, both sides are swept up in emotion and ignorance. 
Regardless, the public's trust in vaccinations has been eroded by the reputations of those companies producing them. Pharmaceutical giants like Merck and Pfizer make billions from the distribution of these shots, and the potential profits after a mandate are enough to corrupt the morals of almost anyone. In one example, former CDC director Dr. Julie Gerberding left her post at the government agency in 2009 to work in Merck's vaccine division. An investigative report published by the British Medical Journal last year found the CDC downplays its ties to the pharmaceutical industry. 
Further, by buying the support of politicians like Hillary Clinton 'î who received more donations from pharmaceutical companies and their employees than any other candidate this year 'î these huge companies are able to expand their influence in directing government policy . 
Maintaining control over what we put into our own bodies is a fundamental right, but for now, standing up to these government decrees only means ostracism from the education system and criticism from peers. In the future, however, the punishments for disobedience will likely only grow stricter. 
An Orange County doctor named Bob Sears is already in the crosshairs of California's medical board after excusing a two-year-old from future vaccinations. The mother expressed concern that her daughter had an adverse reaction to a previous shot, describing the child as becoming limp 'like a ragdoll' for 24 hours after the last dose. Dr. Sears' alternative treatment recommendations break from the rules dictated by S.B. 277, and now his reputation, as well as his career, are in jeopardy. This new authority to strip doctors of their medical licenses for simply going against the state-imposed standards opens the door for the persecution of medical professionals who resist any government regulation. 
A vaccination is an invasive medical procedure that can have different effects on each and every individual. The Nuremberg Code's first principle is voluntary consent, but it seems the lessons of history have been completely forgotten by today's leaders. The transition of these shots from 'recommended' to 'required' is well underway, and those who think the ends justify the means are willing to forcibly make sure everyone else complies. 
The new benchmark set by California symbolizes a precedent that could be mimicked across the nation. Without having the discretion to choose which medications are injected into your body 'î or your child's 'î how can anyone convince themselves they are free? This overreach and collusion can often be dismissed as a trivial issue, but the fact that voluntary consent is under attack speaks volumes to the extent that state power has metastasized.
ARTICLE

Trending Articles: Trending Articles: John Podesta Told Cheryl Mills 'Dump All Those Emails' on Day News of Clinton's Private Email Server Broke   Source: Jay Syrmopoulos 
Washington, D.C. 'ì In what could prove to be the proverbial nail in the coffin of Hillary Clinton's presidential ambitions, an email released by WikiLeaks this morning 'ì the 25th batch of emails from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta 'ì reveals potential criminal intent to violate a court order for subpoenaed documents. 
John Podesta sent the message only hours after the New York Times reported that Clinton might have violated federal records requirements by using the server, according to the latest batch of Podesta emails released by WikiLeaks. 
The email in question , sent by Podesta on March 2, 2015, reveals the Clinton campaign chair directing Cheryl Mills, Hillary's attorney and Chief of Staff, to destroy emails that had already been subpoenaed. 
The email exchange between Podesta and Mills came suspiciously on the same day that news broke regarding Clinton's use of a private email server. 
After news of Clinton's private email server became public, Podesta wrote to Mills: 
'Not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails so better to do so sooner than later,' Podesta told Mills. 
Mills responded: 'Think you just got your new nick name.' 
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out exactly what Podesta meant by 'dump' the emails, when taking into account the fact that this was transpiring just as news of the private server was breaking. What this email does is provide insight into the coverup process 'î and exposes a willful intent to break the law. Additionally, it reveals exactly how swiftly the Clinton camp moved to obscure the truth from both investigators and the public alike. 
According to a report by the New York Post : 
In December 2014, Hillary Clinton 'î now the Democratic presidential nominee 'î turned over about 55,000 pages of work-related email to the State Department, but that fact wasn't revealed until the Times reported on her use of the private server. 
On March 10, 2015 'î a week after the Podesta-Mills exchange 'î Clinton addressed the email scandal, and announced she had deleted about 30,000 personal emails. 
The email's reference to 'Lanny' is likely in reference to lawyer Lanny Davis, who served as special counsel to then-President Bill Clinton, as well as spokesperson for the President and the White House on matters regarding campaign-finance investigations and other legal issues. 
Interestingly, Zero Hedge reports that a search for Lanny Davis reveals a suspicious exchange between Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook and Podesta from March 8, 2015, just days after the above mentioned exchange in which Mook tells Podesta: 
'We gotta zap Lanny out of our universe. Can't believe he committed her to a private review of her hard drive on TV.' 
Hillary's team was apparently upset that Bill Clinton's special counsel was engaging in a transparent course of action, and moved to 'zap Lanny out of our universe.' 
While it isn't clearly spelled out exactly which emails Podesta is referring to in his email, the fact that he wrote 'better do so sooner than later,' on the day news broke publicly regarding Clinton's email server, strongly indicates that the actions were a responsive measure meant to obscure any investigation into the matter. 
Clinton's entire narrative regarding her private email server has seemingly unraveled, and her methodical plan to strategically impede the State Department/FBI investigation, by deleting the evidence, is now on full display for the public to see. 
Hopefully WikiLeaks' next upcoming Podesta email dumps can provide even further context to this already damning email. Of course, Hillary's spin doctors are hard at work thinking up a new narrative to work around this latest revelation regarding the willful attempt by Clinton's team to usurp a federal investigation. 
Mainstream media is trying to censor this information, so please share this story to overcome corporate censorship and to expose the truth!
ARTICLE

Break Out of the Illusion   
In the old Soviet Union, people had 'free' elections and were 'free' to choose any Communist candidate that had been selected for the election. Most of the people of the Soviet Union understood well that their elections were shams. 

Here in the United States, we also have 'free' elections and the corporate media narrative is that you need to vote for one of the two candidates that have been selected for you, because if you go outside of that 'choice', the other terrible candidate that you do not want will win the election. You may not particularly like the candidate you plan to vote for, but that candidate is certainly the 'lesser evil'. The corporate media has successfully spun that illusion so now many people do not even realize that there are choices outside of the Democrat/Republican duopoly that is strangling our election process. 

So exactly how has the media created this illusion? Here are 2 examples: 

Peoples' Exhibit A: 
In Maryland, there are 3 candidates that are on the ballot for the office of U.S. Senator. Logically, you would think that the televised debate to inform voters of all their choices that the televised debate of these candidates would therefore include all three candidates. Unfortunately, you would be wrong. 

Only the candidates representing the Democrat/Republican duopoly were allowed to appear on stage, censoring the voice of Dr. Margaret Flowers, who is running on the Green Party ticket. This was done despite the fact that both of the candidates clearly said that Dr. Flowers should participate in the debate. (Notice how it was the corporate entities that dictated who appeared and who did not). The Republican candidate Kathy Szeliga, openly suggested that the third podium be opened for Dr. Flowers to participate, yet she was ignored. THIS IS KEY: what does this tell you of the real power structure here? 

The YouTube video below will show Dr. Margaret Flowers boldly going on to the stage and challenging the censoring of her voice. (Things start getting interesting around 5:50 ) Once you have seen this video, what are your thoughts about how 'free' our elections really are? Do you like the fact that the corporate media gets to make the decisions of who should be heard and who should not? 


After being ejected from the stage, Dr. Flowers issued a statement: 'We are fighting for our families, and our communities. I will not be silent about this rigged political process and this televised sham debate I was just excluded from. 

Shame on Ralph Watkins of League of Women Voters, Andy Green of the Baltimore Sun, Jay Newman of WJZ-13 CBS Baltimore, Ann Cotten of The University of Baltimore, and thanks to Kathy Szeliga, all the brave voices that rose to speak up, and everyone sharing the word on social media.' 

People should find it especially troubling that institutes of higher learning, the University Of Baltimore and the College of Public Affairs were engaged in the censorship of a candidate who was on the ballot, but outside of those selected for public consumption. What ethics, morals, and values are they teaching their students and our future leaders? As a student or a parent of a student attending the University of Maryland, I would be very concerned about the leadership of this institution. Should not the very purpose for the existence of the College of Public Affairs be to engage in uncensored free debate of ideas? How can they be a party to the limiting and censoring of ideas? As a student attending these schools, I would certainly be reevaluating my enrollment. This is a purposeful dumbing down of the curriculum and this school could eventually find itself losing its relevancy, much as the public distrust for the corporate media has been steadily and continuously eroding their relevancy. 

Additionally, the reputation of the University was further damaged by the fact that the University of Baltimore refused to meet with Dr. Flowers and that it was the University Police that forcefully escorted Dr. Flowers from the debate. 

This entire episode illuminates how 'our' electoral process has been hijacked by corporate interests and others who serve those interests. The fact that the Maryland League of Women Voters were integrally involved in this silencing saddens the heart. Here is an organization that previously had tremendous integrity, but has over time been co-opted and now serves the power interests. 


Peoples' Exhibit B: 
Remember those presidential debates? They only included Clinton and Trump, despite the fact there are two other candidates on the ballots in most states. Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party and Jill Stein of the Green Party were not part of these debates. Who was it that excluded them? 

They were excluded by the Commission on Presidential Debates. So who exactly is this Commission on Presidential Debates? 

Most people would be surprised to learn that the Commission on Presidential Debates (CPD) is a private corporation . It is under the joint sponsorship of both the Democratic and Republican political parties in the United States. The Commission's debates are sponsored by private contributions from foundations and corporations. It becomes easy to understand why such a corporation would want to exclude candidates from other political parties that would question the existing power structure. 

With the CPD being privately funded by big money, just whose interests do you believe that the CPD represents? If they were to allow outside political parties to participate in the debates, the illusion that they have spun through their mouthpieces in the corporate media would begin to unravel. People would realize that there are other choices beyond the 'lesser evil'. 

The sad part is that most people I talk to have not even heard of Gary Johnson or Jill Stein. Despite the fact that Trump and Clinton are the most unpopular candidates in recent history, the campaigns of Johnson and Stein do not get any traction in the corporate media. So exactly how has the corporate media provided the people with unbiased and neutral information? 

When was the last time the corporate media news presented you with a contrast and comparison of the candidates' positions on the issues? When was the last time the corporate media presented you with the voting records of all the candidates on specific issues? When was the last time the corporate media presented you with information on who contributed to the candidates? Corporations and big money do not want you knowing this information about their hired and paid for servants. What we have received from the corporate media is mud slinging, scandals, and basically a horse race mentality of who is ahead and who is behind in corporate run polls. A substantive discussion of the key issues affecting the nation and the planet has been missing. It is the corporate media that is limiting your information and choices, and yet most people still unquestioningly accept the 'lesser evil' paradigm constantly repeated by these self-serving entities. 

In Summary 

When you look how the how the Supreme Court essentially legalized government corruption through its infamous Citizens United ruling, when you see how big money has flooded the electoral process, when you witness the forceful ejection of a candidate by corporate interests from a televised debate, when you see big money and corporations essentially bidding for government favors, it becomes apparent that we have a corporate state with a government that services its needs. 

The corporate media is used as a tool to make sure that the current power structure stays in place. Just look at the revelations by WikiLeaks, (an alternative media site) on how the corporate media was used to favor establishment candidates during the primary elections. Isn't it interesting that these WikiLeaks documents also did not get much corporate media attention? People are forced to go to alternative media to obtain this information. These leaks will most certainly be used by historians to write about this corrupt 2016 election. 

The fact that the corporate media excluded candidates on the ballot from the televised debates should not surprise anyone as it would have disrupted the illusion of having only two choices in the election. As we saw in the debates, the power resided not with the political candidates, but with the corporate interests. What would you expect from such a media when you have a Green Party that accepts no corporate donations. 

It is time to break out of the illusion that has been spun by the corporate interests. Take a good hard look at the platforms of Gary Johnson and Jill Stein. You may just find that they represent the values, ethics, and morals that you really believe in. Take a look at the platforms of other candidates further down on the ballot. Do not allow yourself to fall for the 'lesser evil' paradigm that has been repeated over and over again. The Democrat/Republican parties are all part of the same Money Party. As long as we keep rewarding them with our votes, what incentive is there for them to change? 

In case anyone reading this still thinks their elected officials are representing them, what do you think would happen if you and a lobbyist were waiting to see your elected representative, who would be seen first? 

You can expect that the corporate media will keep repeating the refrain that you are throwing your vote away if you vote outside of the duopoly. But try to explain to yourself how you are not throwing your vote away by voting for someone you do not want? Look where generations of voting for the 'lesser evil' has brought us. 

So I leave you with this parting thought: exactly just how is our electoral system different from that in the old Soviet Union? Both the USSR and the US preselect the candidates offered to the masses and suppress those outside of the power structure. 

There is an old saying: 'as long as you keep doin' what you are doin', you will keep gettin' what you are gettin' '. It is time to End The Illusion. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Alabama Declares State Of Emergency Over Pipeline Explosion   'î Gov. Robert Bentley (@GovernorBentley) November 1, 2016 
Governor Robert Bentley has declared a month-long state of emergency for Alabama after a pipeline explosion in Shelby County on Monday. 
The explosion killed one worker and injured six others.The blast shut down the pipeline, that supplies gasoline to millions of people, for the second time in less than two months , raising concerns over possible gas shortages and price hikes. 
The state of emergency came into effect on Tuesday and will last until December 1st unless the governor sees fit to end it sooner. 
RT reports: 
On Monday, construction crews working on the Colonial Pipeline in the area just south of Birmingham accidentally hit a transmission pipe, causing an explosion in which seven workers were injured, one of them fatally. The explosion also started a fire. The contractors were attempting to repair the pipeline segment that was damaged in September, spilling gas into the countryside. 
An extended shutdown could cause fuel shortages and higher gas prices in Alabama, Georgia, North and South Carolina, and Tennessee, similar to what happened after the September accident. 
'An accident of this magnitude is tough for any community to deal with, and I want to personally thank the local first responders for their immediate assistance to this accident, as well as the first responders from surrounding counties. They all provided resources and support to the help Shelby County in their time of need,' Bentley said, announcing the emergency declaration. 
The state of emergency will enable Alabama to obtain a waiver from the federal government for transporting gasoline through the state, and avert fuel shortages caused by the pipeline disruption. 
Aerial surveillance of the explosion site shows that the fire continues to burn. The gasoline line will remain out of service at least for the rest of the week, Colonial Pipeline said. The secondary pipeline 'ì which transports diesel, jet fuel and other petroleum products, was returned to service Tuesday morning. Share This Article...
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton's Wall Street Fundraising Benefited From Loophole In Federal Anti-Corruption Rule   Source: IBT 
Despite an anti-corruption rule that was designed to reduce the financial industry's political power, top officials from the investment firm BlackRock hosted Hillary Clinton at campaign fundraisers earlier this year. 
The cash 'î which poured in through a loophole in the law 'î came in as BlackRock's federal contracts to manage billions of dollars of retiree assets will be up for renewal during the next president's term. 
In 2010, the Securities and Exchange Commission looked to stop campaign donations to public officials from financial firms seeking to convince those officials to hire them to manage public employees' retirement assets. The agency enacted a pay-to-play rule that applied such a restriction to state and local officials. The rule, however, was structured in a way that effectively exempted federal agencies from its restrictions 'î and it was created even though a major federal agency had just been plagued by an investment-related influence-peddling scandal. 
In practice, the gap in the rule allows BlackRock executives to raise big money for presidential candidates who 'î if they win 'î will appoint the officials that run the federal Thrift Savings Plan, which awards contracts to manage retirement assets for nearly 5 million current and former federal employees. The loophole also allows Wall Street executives to give cash to presidential candidates, even as those executives' firms get deals to manage 'î and earn fees from 'î investments for the federal government's separate pension insurance agency, which is run by presidential appointees. 
In all, the loophole in the SEC rule effectively leaves nearly a half-trillion dollars of retirement assets unprotected by the nation's major anti-corruption measure. Clinton's presidential campaign has raised more than $1 million from financial firms that are contracted to manage those assets.
