ARTICLE

October 31, 2016 White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest tells the press that President Obama stands with Director Comey. 
President Obama made it clear today that he doesn't stand with Hillary Clinton as much as we thought he did. President Obama made it clear he stands with FBI Director James Comey and his recent actions. Press Sec said that Director Comey's actions have not changed Obama's opinion on him or the FBI. White House: 'President Obama does not believe FBI Director Comey is trying to influence election outcome.' 
Press Secretary Josh Earnest also said that the White House won't criticize the FBI or Director Comey. Josh Earnest on Comey's decision: "I just don't have the independent knowledge of the decisions that are made" https://t.co/dspAaoCcbL 
— CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 31, 2016 
Obama doesn't believe James Comey is trying to influence or change the election. This destroys all the claims the left has been making that this is somehow an influence to 'fix' the election. 
Now that the President of the United States has declared the FBI is non-partisan to this election, where does Hillary move next? Having the President shut down your claims makes the 'lying' stigma more prominent with Clinton. The following two tabs change content below. 

ARTICLE

Former United States Department of State official Steve Pieczenik Steve Pieczenik: U.S. Intelligence Waging Coup Against Corrupt Clintons Jon Hall November 1, 2016 
Rumors and allegations that Bill and Hillary Clinton belong to a high-level pedophile ring have surfaced on the Internet. Without much credence or proof behind the claims, I initially dismissed them. The rumors only persisted and grew and now Steve Pieczenik has now come forward with stunning claims that add fuel to this fire. 
Pieczenik served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of State under Henry Kissinger is well-versed in foreign policy, international crisis management, and psychological warfare. He also served under presidential administrations as Deputy Assistant Secretary for Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, and George H.W. Bush's White House. In other words Steve Pieczenik — with his proven history of experience — is the real deal. Pieczenik claims that the Clintons and their close associates have successfully pulled off a coup via corruption. 
He explains that total corruption and co-option were the two strategies behind this coup. Pieczenik says Bill and Hillary Clinton co-opted many central facets of our government — the White House, the judiciary, the CIA, the FBI. As far as I'm concerned, this idea is well beyond some lunatic conspiracy theory but increasingly likely. 
Attorney General Loretta Lynch is obviously in the pocket of the Clintons, intervening and obstructing FBI investigations into Hillary Clinton's private home server and e-mails at every turn. James Comey, who was on the board of directors at HSBC bank, a bank that gave $81 million to the Clinton Foundation, is also the current head of the FBI. Pieczenik goes further to explain that the U.S. Intelligence community has started a counter-coup against the Clintons, providing information to Julian Assange and Wikileaks. 
We can finally stop blaming Russians. Pieczenik states clearly that US intelligence offered data to Julian Assange. This counter-coup is working against Hillary Clinton and her campaign and seeks to indict major players in her alleged corrupt scheme. Steve Pieczenik ends the video and tells us 'the second American revolution' is happening. 
Pieczenik claims both Clintons are frequent travelers on the Lolita Express — billionaire Jeffrey Epstein's private plane. The Lolita Express flies to Epstein's private island where the elite duo can 'have sex with minors' says Pieczenik. He claims the NYPD has a record of the Clintons and close associates that could potentially implicate them in pedophilia. 
Pieczenik tells that officials will charge Hillary Clinton with multiple crimes including obstruction of justice and other charges. He says that Bill Clinton may also suffer criminal charges. He explains the US Intelligence is aware of Clinton's shady and illicit misdeeds and that these trips on the Lolita Express were supposedly frequent. The following two tabs change content below. Latest Posts Jon Hall Jon Hall is a reformed two-time Obama voter with a degree in Digital Media. He covers US politics, corruption, tech interests and more. Latest posts by Jon Hall ( see all ) 

ARTICLE

Election WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 23: Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks at the Center for American Progress March 23, 2015 in Washington, DC. Clinton joined a panel in discussing challenges facing urban centers in the United States. (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images) FBI Investigators '99% Sure' 5 Foreign Intelligence Agencies Hacked Clinton's Private Server Shane Ashton November 2, 2016 FBI Investigators '99% sure' 5 Foreign Intelligence Agencies Hacked Clinton's Private Server. Hillary Clinton has a lot of explaining to do! As reported by Lou Dobbs on Fox News: 
Breaking new developments tonight in the FBI investigation. Investigators are now, as I said to you at the outset, 99% sure that as many as five foreign intelligence agencies, were able to hack into the Clinton email server and did put national security in jeopardy. That according to FBI sources. A direct contradiction, of course, of president Obama's assertion to CBS News just last October. 
Previous reporting from FBI Director James Comey in his July 5 press conference concluded that there was no evidence that any foreign enemies had gained access to the server. 
Perhaps the newly discovered laptop owned by former Congressman Anthony Weiner and top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin contained new information that shows that foreign actors did indeed gain access to the server. 
Republicans were dismayed at the original decision to not charge Secretary Clinton, arguing that just the mere presence of a private server put national security at risk. Director Comey argued that there was no evidence of intent to unknowingly share classified information. However, 18 U.S. Code § 798 – Disclosure of classified information states: 
Whoever knowingly and willfully communicates, furnishes, transmits, or otherwise makes available to an unauthorized person, or publishes, or uses in any manner prejudicial to the safety or interest of the United States or for the benefit of any foreign government to the detriment of the United States any classified information […] Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both. 
This statute could be argued that intent is not necessary for prosecution, merely the making available of classified information is grounds for prosecution. 
These new developments will be another boon to an already horrible week for the Clinton camp, as the new FBI investigation has led to the tightening of polls. 
REGATED will cover the latest developments as they come along. The following two tabs change content below. Latest Posts Shane Ashton Shane Ashton is a writer for REGATED, interested in political theory, conservatism, and all things Boston. He is consistently seen at Fenway Park and has been known to sleep outside for World Series tickets. You can follow him on Twitter @ShaneRegated Latest posts by Shane Ashton ( see all ) 

ARTICLE

Sam Wenkert November 16, 2016 In a stunning change of pace, each lobbyist that was previously invited to the transition team were buffed out Tuesday evening. 
The Wall Street Journal reports that : 
Vice President-elect Mike Pence formally signed documents that put him in charge of the transition team, and officials insisted the 10-week effort to build an administration is on schedule. In one of his first moves, Mr. Pence ordered the removal of all lobbyists from the transition team, said one transition team member with knowledge of the decisions. 
Why isn't this bigger news? Donald Trump and Mike Pence are absolutely practicing what they preach. It is a long-standing tradition on the Hill that for better or worse, lobbyists deserve to run your platform. However, the Trump team are following through with their promise to 'Drain The Swamp' by cutting these men out. 
Mike Rogers, the former National Security Senior Advisor to the Trump transition team who was abruptly cut out last night, posted his resignation statement on his website: 
It was a privilege to prepare and advise the policy, personnel and agency action teams on all aspects of the national security portfolio during the initial pre-election planning phase. Our work will provide a strong foundation for the new transition team leadership as they move into the post-election phase, which naturally is incorporating the campaign team in New York who drove President-elect Trump to an incredible victory last Tuesday. 
Mike Rogers, among others, did not align with the mission statement of the Trump team to 'Drain The Swamp.' Sources report that every single person brought in by Chris Christie was being ousted, perhaps a strategy that was used to identify and rid the team of political insiders and lobbyists. Gone now are the members of his transition team with ties to Wall Street firms and other corporations. 
If the Trump team is truly to 'Drain The Swamp' on the Hill, this was clearly the first painful step that they must take to get there. The following two tabs change content below. Latest Posts Sam Wenkert Sam Wenkert is a multi-talented writer for REGATED. He began writing about politics during the 2008 election year, and has been interested in political science ever since. Sam also reports on developing world news. Latest posts by Sam Wenkert ( see all ) 

