ARTICLE

We Are Change 
A man posing as a construction worker destroyed Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame with a pickaxe and a sledgehammer early Wednesday morning, as bystanders stopped and watched.
The vandalism was captured on video shortly before 6 a.m. The star, Trump's name, and the camera icon sitting in the center were all destroyed. The cost of the damage is estimated to be around $2,500. 
The vandal identified himself as 'Jamie Otis,” to Deadline Hollywood, and explained that he was planning to 'extract the star to auction it off and raise funds” for the women who have accused Trump of being sexually inappropriate. He chatted casually with a person who filmed the incident on his cellphone. 
By the time that police arrived, the man had already left. He is described as a white male, and left behind the pick, sledgehammer, a construction hat, and vest, USA Today reports. 
'We're reviewing surveillance footage from local businesses and when the case is completed, it will be submitted to the district attorney for filing of a felony vandalism charge,” Officer Norma Eisenman told USA Today. 
The star was dedicated in 2007, and sat at 6801 Hollywood Blvd. by the Dolby Theatre — across the street from the busy Hollywood & Highland shopping and entertainment center. The Hollywood Chamber of Commerce has said in a statement that Trump's star will be replaced immediately, and work has already began on it — though it will have to sit for a couple of days before it can be polished. 
'When people are unhappy with one of our honorees, we would hope that they would project their anger in more positive ways than to vandalize a California state landmark,” Hollywood Chamber of Commerce president and CEO Leron Gubler said. 'Our democracy is based on respect for the law. People can make a difference by voting and not destroying public property.” 
Gubler added that they intend to prosecute the vandal to the fullest extent of the law when he is located. 
The star has been a target of vandalism throughout the election season, by people repeatedly spray painting it — and even defecating on it. 
In February, the star was defaced with a large black swastika. 
Someone painted a swastika over Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star https://t.co/FvSKy7CuyY pic.twitter.com/k1Mw5irqcs 
— Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) February 1, 2016 

In May, someone spray painted a large mute sign over it. 
Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of #Fame star was just enhanced with a muted #sign painted by Norwegian #artist Pøbel. pic.twitter.com/kBqQeJic5l 
— All Public Art (@allpublicart) May 9, 2016 

It has disgustingly been covered in both human and animal bodily waste. 
Donald Trump's star on Hollywood walk of fame … covered in dog poop https://t.co/xDRH6Wea45 pic.twitter.com/lOB8gV2GjB 
— NTXProgressive (@NTXProgressive) April 5, 2016 
I spit on Trump's walk of fame star pic.twitter.com/BJ66IiGbQt 
— Anna Švercl Hetzer (@anna_hetzer) March 13, 2016 
I didn't even know Trump had a star on the Walk of Fame, but we discovered it this weekend… covered in urine. pic.twitter.com/bTTu0FvXuj 
— Ken Peters (@brand_BIG) March 22, 2016 


In June, it was vandalized again. 
Folks wrote on Trump's star. I'm tripping. I'm not sure if y'all can see that but it says "F Donald Trump" pic.twitter.com/bgcb0ox92Z 
— Juice Welch (@GrapeJuiceMe) June 7, 2016 
A picture I took of Donald Trump's star on the Walk of Fame in LA a few months ago pic.twitter.com/FnuKhRY7n4 
— Khalid (@WorldOfK_) March 10, 2016 

In July, a protester and street artist who goes by the name 'Plastic Jesus” built a tiny wall out of concrete around the star. The wall was complete with barbed wire and 'keep out” signs. 
'Hollywood sight-seers on the famous walk of fame were confronted with an unusual edition to Trump's Famous Star. Someone had built a 6? tall grey concrete wall around it. Complete with 'Keep out' signs and topped with razor wire. The unofficial addition to the iconic star appeared early Tuesday afternoon, to the amusement of onlookers,” Plastic Jesus wrote of the wall on Instagram. 
Street artist Plastic Jesus surrounds Donald Trump's star on Hollywood's Walk of Fame with a tiny barbed wire wall pic.twitter.com/nhk64pRCck 
— BBC Newsbeat (@BBCNewsbeat) July 21, 2016 

Anyone with information about Wednesday's vandal is asked to call the Los Angeles Police Department at (213)972-2971. 
The post VIDEO: Trump's Hollywood Star Smashed by Lunatic with Sledgehammer appeared first on We Are Change .

ARTICLE

 
In the fourth undercover video from the guerilla journalists at James O'Keefe's Project Veritas, Democratic operative Robert Creamer claims to be on daily calls with the Clinton campaign — and accepts a foreign donation.
In the newly released footage, Creamer admits to working directly for the Clinton campaign — overseeing Donald Trump events. 
'I mean frankly I spend most of my time overseeing the Trump event rallies, I mean that's what I do for the Clinton campaign,” Creamer states. 
In previous video releases from Veritas, Democratic operatives reveal how they had been working to incite violence at Trump rallies, using a tactic called 'bird-dogging.” An operative also reveals to the undercover journalists their step-by-step voter fraud strategy. 
The Clinton campaign originally denied working with Creamer and his firm, Democracy Partners. O'Keefe then released a video of Creamer stating that their 'Donald Ducks” effort was at the request of the candidate herself. 
'Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters … I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television, radio, with earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising,” Creamer says in the latest video. 
He also admits to working directly with Barack Obama, statements that are backed up by his 340 logged visits to the White House — where he met with Obama 45 times. 
'I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the… the health care bill, for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.” 
To gain access and trust, O'Keefe reveals that he had provided a $20,000 donation to the Americans for United for Change super PAC from Belize. 
'The more money that was promised to Creamer, the more access Project Veritas Action journalists seemed to get,” Project Veritas said in their release .
Following the release of the first Veritas videos last week, the PAC suddenly returned the donation — stating that they were concerned it may have been illegal. 
'In an unexpected twist, AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC's activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars,” Project Veritas explained. ' He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn't been a problem for the month that they had the money.” 
O'Keefe has filed a formal complaint with the Federal Election Commission against both Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee based upon the shocking revelations that his team has uncovered. 
During a rally in Gettysburg on Saturday, Trump promised that he would also be suing the DNC for inciting violence at his rallies, based on what he saw in the Project Veritas videos. 
The post Another Project Veritas Bombshell: Pro-Clinton PAC Accepts Foreign Donations appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
On Tuesday evening, Megyn Kelly used the term 'sexual predator” while referring to Donald Trump, but would not use the same words to describe Bill Clinton, during a heated exchange with Newt Gingrich.
Now, two of the former president's victims are slamming the Fox News star over her hypocrisy. 
During the exchange, the former speaker accused Kelly of being biased against Trump, and 'fascinated with sex.” He argued that the media is focusing too much attention on allegations against the Republican candidate and not enough time on the Wikileaks' release of Clinton's secret paid speeches to Goldman Sachs. 
'Let me point out something to you, the three major networks spent 23 minutes attacking Donald Trump that night and 57 seconds on Hillary Clinton's secret speeches. You don't think this is a scale of bias worthy of Pravda and Izvestia?” Gingrich asked. 
'If Trump is a sexual predator, that is –” Kelly began to interrupt. 
'He's not a sexual predator,” Gingrich exclaimed. 'You can't say that, you could not defend that statement. I am sick and tired of people like you using language that is inflammatory that's not true!” 
Kelly then interrupted again, demanding that Gingrich has no idea if it is true or not, and that she is not taking a position on the issue either way — despite the fact that she clearly has. 
'When you used those words you took a position,” Gingrich asserted. 
After Kelly reiterated the allegations against Trump, and the fact that he denies it. She demanded that the news needs to cover the allegations, whether they are true or not. 
'You are fascinated with sex, and you don't care about public policy,” Gingrich asserted, as Trump supporters nationwide jumped off their couches to give him a standing ovation. 
Kelly laughed his statement off, and declared that she is 'not fascinated by sex,” but is 'fascinated by the protection of women, and understanding what we are getting in the oval office.” 
'Do you want to comment on whether the Clinton ticket has a relationship to a sexual predator,” Gingrich replied calmly. He then repeatedly asked her to use the words, 'Bill Clinton sexual predator,” which Kelly refused to do — asserting that he is not on the ticket. 
I was 35 years old when Bill Clinton, Ark. Attorney General raped me and Hillary tried to silence me. I am now 73….it never goes away.
— Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) January 6, 2016 

After the show aired, Juanita Broaddrick, who has asserted and vividly described being raped by the candidate's husband, tweeted out that Kelly is 'ugly as hell on the inside.” 
Beauty is only skin deep. Megyn Kelly is ugly as hell on the inside.
— Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) October 26, 2016 

Broaddrick also accused Kelly of being biased, after someone tweeted out a reminder that both Kelly and Shep Smith have donated $70,000 each to Clinton's campaign. 
Yeah she's fair and balanced. Change your slogan FOX https://t.co/BnSNRcFdPr 
— Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) October 26, 2016 

Paula Jones , the former Arkansas state employee who sued President Bill Clinton for sexual harassment, and received a $850,000 settlement, also had harsh words for Kelly. 
'Lets get this straight…Megyn Kelly isn't for all women…she hates Trump, so she's only for those so called victims! NEVER for me!” Jones tweeted. 
Lets get this straight…Megyn Kelly isn't for all women…she hates Trump, so she's only for those so called victims! NEVER for me!
— PJGirlie (@ThePaulaJones) October 26, 2016 

Check out Broaddrick's heartbreaking interview with Breitbart News here:
The post Bill Clinton's Victims Strike Back at Megyn Kelly appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Wikileaks helped celebrate Hillary Criminalton's birthday Wednesday by gifting Hillary and the American people another glimpse into Clinton land. Corruption, dirty tricks all to get the Presidency the tactic hasn't changed since Arkansas. Do whatever it takes. Wikileaks has now proven the Clinton's past allegations of corruption likely to be true, all those talks over the years of Hillary claiming Bill's sexual assaults were fraudulent are now bluntly obvious Hillary's ill attitude towards staff is also confirmed the 'right wing” conspiracy is clearly seen and it's one against the American people to rig the election. Now Wikileaks may have something in the works a potential birthday surprise for Mrs. Clinton according to Kim DotCom a friend of Julian Assange.
Kim Dotcom tweeted out a series of mysterious tweets today that suggest Wikileaks could potentially have a Birthday wish for Hillary Clinton containing her 33,000 work related emails later this evening.
Does @Wikileaks have 33,000 explosive candles for Hillary's birthday cake? Maybe?! ?
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 26, 2016 
Ring Ring ??
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 26, 2016 
Oh no! @wikileaks pic.twitter.com/HcHRNl3pMq 
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 26, 2016 
Bleachbit(ch) can't bleach it ?
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 26, 2016 

 
Kim Dotcom additionally hinted in an interview in May, 14th, 2015 that 'Julian Assange and Wikileaks would be Hillary's worst nightmare in 2016,” prior to Guccifer 2.0 prior to the DNC leak, Collin Powell's emails, Podesta's emails, Obama's emails and the list goes on and on..
Either Kim Dotcom knew what Wikileaks had or he's the new age Nostradamus. The next keypoint is that Kim DotCom knows Julian Assange they talk as seen in the video below Kim Dotcom is asked by Bloomberg reporter, Ali Elkin , 'How often do you talk to Julian Assange.” Dotcom responds, 'Why is that important to you? Look I like these guys I look up to them I think they are very brave they are going through a very hard time you know and they chose to do that for the betterment of all of us so yeah I love to talk to them.”
Later on in the interview DotCom was questioned about another previous tweet that 'he would be Hillary's worst nightmare in 2016.” Dotcom then went on to correct himself saying 'I have to say really it's more Julian but I am aware of some of the things that are going to be roadblocks well he has access to information I don't know the specifics.”
Is it possible that Kim Dotcom was tipped off by Julian Assange that a birthday gift from Wikileaks the international whistle-blower organization to Hillary Clinton may drop later on tonight? We will soon find out, If these tweets were just Dotcom trolling or if he was serious and a massive leak is about to happen that could potentially end the campaign presidency of Hillary Rodham Clinton. Stay tuned to  we will keep you up to date and will break news if Wikileaks leaks 'explosive candles” as Dotcom put it for Hillary Clinton.
 
 
 
 
 
 
The post Is A Birthday Surprise Coming For Hillary Criminalton? Kim Dotcoms Mysterious Tweet. appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
The Democratic operatives exposed by James O'Keefe's Project Veritas claimed in a hidden camera video that they were also behind the video of the 47% comment that cost Mitt Romney the election — not a random bartender as previously believed.
Breaking on @oreillyfactor tonight: Scott Foval reveals who was really behind the @MittRomney 47% video. #Veritas @PVeritas_Action pic.twitter.com/Zr5ANuzSdq 
— James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) October 27, 2016 

At a private fundraiser in 2012, Romney made the mistake of stating that 47% of Americans are freeloaders — which was reported to have been caught on camera by a random bartender who was working the event. 
'There are 47 percent of the people who will vote for the president no matter what. All right, there are 47 percent who are with him, who are dependent upon government, who believe that they are victims, who believe the government has a responsibility to care for them, who believe that they are entitled to health care, to food, to housing, to you-name-it,” Romeny had stated. 'That that's an entitlement. And the government should give it to them. And they will vote for this president no matter what…These are people who pay no income tax.” 
In the newly released Veritas footage however, Scott Foval, the former field director of Americans United for Change, admits that they were actually behind the video which was released by David Corn of Mother Jones. 
. @oreillyfactor breaks new video showing @woodhouseb / Scott Foval was responsible for @DavidCornDC video, not "bartender" pic.twitter.com/IxpfHdqpB6 
— James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) October 27, 2016 

Foval explains that his group has been doing 'insertions” to interrupt fundraisers and rallies as far back as 2000 and 2004, against George W. Bush — and that they were responsible for the one that ended Romney's campaign. 
'They do it all over the country, yeah. And then I don't know if you remember, well from, they are the ones who negotiated to get that lawyer in Florida who recorded the 47% video,” Foval states. 
'Wait, I thought that was a bartender,” the undercover reporter asks. 
'It was actually a lawyer at the event,” Foval explains. 'It was not a bartender.” 
'The lawyer took his phone and had the bartender walk around with it and set it up,” Foval continues. 'It was a whole coordinated operation to get the phone in because they had taken away all the cell phones from all the staff and so what they did was they set it up in the room.” 
Foval continued to explain that the organization has a team of approximately 25 people who conduct these operations. 
In previous video releases from Veritas, Foval reveals how his organization had been working to incite violence at Trump rallies, using a tactic called 'bird-dogging.” 
The hidden camera videos have also revealed their step-by-step voter fraud strategy. 
Earlier in the day, the organization released their fourth undercover video, where Robert Creamer of Democracy Partners claimed that he was on daily calls with the Clinton campaign, and accepts a potentially-illegal foreign donation. 
'The more money that was promised to Creamer, the more access Project Veritas Action journalists seemed to get,” Project Veritas said in their release . 
O'Keefe has filed a formal complaint with the Federal Election Commission against both Clinton's campaign and the Democratic National Committee based upon the shocking revelations that his team has uncovered. 
During a rally in Gettysburg on Saturday, Trump promised that he would also be suing the DNC for inciting violence at his rallies, based on what he saw in the Project Veritas videos. 
The post Project Veritas: Implicated Democratic Operatives Claim Credit for Romney 47% Video appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
By Bradford Richardson – The Washington Times – Monday, October 24, 2016
Students at the University of California, Berkeley held a day of protest on Friday to demand the creation of additional 'safe spaces” for transgender and nonwhite students, during which a human chain was formed on a main campus artery to prevent white students from getting to class.
The demonstrators were caught on video blocking Berkeley's Sather Gate, holding large banners advocating the creation of physical spaces segregated by race and gender identity, including one that read 'Fight 4 Spaces of Color.”
Protesters can be heard shouting 'Go around!” to white students who attempt to go through the blockade, while students of color are greeted with calls of 'Let him through!”
Students turned away by the mob are later shown filing through trees and ducking under branches in order to cross Strawberry Creek, which runs underneath the bridge. Protesting students went on to march through the Berkeley Student Union, chanting and disrupting students who are studying.
One student, who was not a part of the protest, tells the video-maker that the demonstrators are 'being quite childish.”
'I agree with the right to protest, but disrupting the peace of others is not OK,” he says. 
The group later occupies the school store, chanting 'Students Over Profits!” They place an 'eviction notice” on the store, which claims the university 'wrongly allocated this two-story facility to third-party corporations, keeping in line with its intensifying legacy of prioritizing financial profit over student needs.”
Demonstrators finally made their way to an intersection in front of campus, where students blocked traffic and chanted, 'Whose university? Our university!” 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Students at the University of California, Berkeley held a protest on Friday to demand the creation of additional 'safe spaces” appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

In today's political climate even our beer is up for debate. And why shouldn't it be? This is America. We debate things here. That's how democracy works. (At least when the issues aren't taboo.) Recently, it's shown up in the state of Pennsylvania with Eric Trump, Donald Trump's son, garnering an endorsement for the Republican candidate from Yuengling, America's oldest brewery.
And now the debate turns to political action.
With the most recent statement from Richard 'Dick” Yuengling Jr., the 73-year-old owner of D. G. Yuengling & Son's, located in Pottsville, Pennsylvania — the seat of Schuylkill County — Yuengling said that his company was 'behind” Trump. Inevitably, a lashing out occurred in the digital realm with regard to political correctness and expressively personal views. Customers weren't pleased. They were offended. In fact, some even claimed that they'd never drink Yuengling again.
This is what democracy is, and should be. Sure. And yet, something is lost in the politicized scramble of this ugly election year.
A Pennsylvania state representative, Brian Sims, announced on his Facebook page that he was saying 'GOOD BYE” to Yuengling Brewery.
'I'm not normally one to call for boycotts but I absolutely believe that how we spend our dollars is a reflection of our votes and values! Supporting Yuengling Brewery, that uses my dollars to bolster a man, and an agenda, that wants to punish me for being a member of the LGBT community and punish the black and brown members of my community for not being white, is something I'm too smart and too grown up to do.” 
Sims represents the 182nd district of Philadelphia , which includes a majority of Center City, in addition to parts of Rittenhouse Square, Grays Ferry, and South Philadelphia. I live here. I walk those areas of the city.
And I see, feel, and hear other elements of our society that go unnoticed or receive little to no attention. To observe this sort of outcry against a presidential candidate is expectantly what democracy was birthed upon, as we know in the city of Philadelphia. We take action. (We like to think.) However, along the way I've seen the incessant results of many issues that get buried, in favor of political expediency and trending topics that ultimately define our aggressive actions towards 'voting with our dollars”.
If that's the case, then what about all the other detriments to our standard of living? For instance, the opiate epidemic that is sweeping Pennsylvania and the surrounding states and the rest of the country by storm.
According to a June 2016 report from the Philadelphia Department of Public Health , entitled 'The Epidemic of Overdoses From Opioids in Philadelphia”, drug deaths involving the fatal use of opioids, from 2000-2014, had tripled. In 2014, approximately 47,000 people died from overdoses in the U.S., according to the Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC). Sixty-one percent of that total was attributed to the use of opioids.
'Since 1999, the number of prescriptions for pharmaceutical opioid pain relievers in the U.S. more than quadrupled.” 
Opioid-related overdose deaths in Philadelphia were nearly three times higher in men than among women in 2015. Those deaths were also more than two times as high among whites, as opposed to deaths among African Americans.
Between 2003 and 2015, in Philadelphia, cocaine and benzodiazepines were detected in overdose deaths in tandem with opioids at a rate of 70% and 90%, respectively. During that same period, overdose deaths related to heroin more than doubled in the city, with approximately 400 deaths reported in 2015.
In that same year, there were nearly 700 drug overdose deaths in Philadelphia. That's more than twice as many deaths from homicide in that same year.
From 2014-2015, 10% of the nearly 1,300 overdose deaths in Philadelphia were from non-residents. Most of those non-residents were people from New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, and other parts of Pennsylvania.
Once the president is elected, these issues won't go away. In fact, they're extant — some as a surrogate to the system we attribute to healthcare. (One of the most hotly contested issues of partisan bickering in the country.)
Additionally, these effects are increasingly felt in Philadelphia hospitals.
'The percentage of Philadelphia hospital emergency department visits related to opioid overdoses increased from approximately 0.4% in 2007 to nearly 0.7% in 2015. In 2015, there were over 6,500 emergency department visits for opioid overdoses. For each opioid-related death, there were approximately 12 hospital emergency department visits.” 
So while the country politically corrects itself — whatever that means — myriad issues get buried beneath picking and choosing a side, in response to the emotional disturbances of partisan bickering.
Rather than dealing with facts, the web of society becomes entangled with He Said, She Said.
Ultimately, this coercive cultural backwardness and evolutionary substandard, the rattle-mouthed bickering of intellectual thought and deceptive, manipulative action, that matches up more closely with the reptilian species, rather than the spirit of the human heart and the cultural celebration of life and all its wonder, is exactly what gave rise to Trump.
And our opioid epidemic.
Somewhere along the way, the facts were buried beneath the lie. And the truth has become something else, entirely.
 
Sources
http://www.phillyvoice.com/beer-drinkers-disavow-yuengling-after-owner-shows-support-for-trump/ 
The post Political Correctness for Yuengling Brewery; What About Our Opioid Epidemic? appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this video Luke Rudkowski covers more geopolitical moves and how the recent presidential election with Hillary Clinton is making the situation with Putin worse. The situation between these two super global powers is intensifying and becoming dangerous for both nations. As wikileaks keeps releasing more information the more pressure the DNC is putting against Russia instead of taking responsibility. For more invest in us on https://www.patreon.com/wearechange 
Sources
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mt_z… 
http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/20… 
http://www.inquisitr.com/3225440/hill… 
http://wearechange.org/putins-russian… 
http://www.mirror.co.uk/tech/russia-t… 
http://www.mintpressnews.com/wife-fbi… 
http://www.breitbart.com/2016-preside… 
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/… 
https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange/s… 
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa… 
http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-ne… 
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10… 
https://www.rt.com/news/364132-amnest… 
http://www.commondreams.org/news/2016… 
https://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/a… 
http://time.com/4547219/nato-uk-us-tr… 
http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/… 
http://edition.cnn.com/2016/10/27/eur… 
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10… 
http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-… 
http://www.wsj.com/articles/russia-fl… 
http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/7… 
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c… 
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/ 
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a… 
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange 
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange 
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store 
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate 
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP
The post PUTIN'S LATEST ATTACK AGAINST HILLARY CLINTON AND THE U.S ESTABLISHMENT appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Police and activists protesting the Dakota Access oil pipeline are in a tense standoff over the activists' occupation of and reportedly belonging to the pipeline developer.
So far more then 260 people have been arrested since the larger demonstrations began in August.
More than 125 of the water protectors were arrested over the weekend during multiple nonviolent direct actions aimed at halting construction of the 1,100-mile pipeline which is slated to run through four states.
Armored riot police attacked a march on Saturday with tear gas and arrested 83 people on charges ranging from assault on a peace officer to rioting and criminal trespass. Police also shot down two camera drones operated by Native American journalists.
Activists report that harassment, strip searches and beatings at the hands of North Dakota police are becoming commonplace, but the assembled tribes remain determined to block the pipeline, which they say threatens both sacred lands and the water supply for millions of people.
Our friend Derrick Broze for MintPress news reporting from the Standing Rock Reservation just tweeted out that Camps are being removed. Tasers out, pepper spray, guns, riot gear, batons, LRAD. Then after that he him self had been tazed in the conflict.

Atsa E'sha Hoferer was live on the scene before the feed was lost. 
https://www.facebook.com/esha.hoferer/videos/259403611123137/ 
https://youtu.be/-uxmV_tRuRs 
This is Breaking News We will bring you more information and update this article as it comes in.
 
The post BREAKING: Riot Police Set Up To Raid & Evict Standing Rock Protesters appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Obama's brother from Kenya, Malik, wants him to Pardon Julian Assange. It seems hate of the international whistle-blower Organization doesn't run in the family. Malik told Obama, via twitter, 'brother please pardon Julian Assange! All he is doing is freeing emails.”
@POTUS brother please pardon Julian Assange! All he is doing is freeing emails
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 26, 2016 

Something that based Obama said himself was that he was for more transparency in government, but that was Obama before he was in office for a few years, that was campaign Obama. Then during his first term he said this about transparency and the truth:
'The only people who don't want to disclose the truth are people with something to hide.” ~Barack Obama

Those promises were just that, promises, like every year we get together and pretend voting is going to change something; and listen to candidates feed us bull shit when every year election fraud has been the centralized problem that subverts democracy like the plague.
And now we have potentially the worst two 'choices” for presidential history; both have a corrupt past. We the American people are being asked to forgive one of these two people: Donald Trump for his potentially corrupt deals with the mafia, or Hillary with her long list of corruption since Arkansas in the 1980s, which has expanded since Wikileaks began leaking John Podesta's emails, confirming that Donald Trump's nickname 'Crooked Hillary” was accurate. Hillary Clinton has cronies in power already; the other, new to politics and a former entertainer and businessman, is Donald Trump. One, Russian President Vladimir Putin has said, if voted in, we are going to war; the other, he said there would be peace.
The emails that wikileaks has been releasing have revealed a multitude of corruption revelations behind both the Clinton Campaign, exposing Hillary Clinton's character and demeanor itself. Exposing her pay-to-play schemes as Secretary of State, lies to the American public on issues while in secret taking 'big donations” for speeches, the opposite of what she says she supports, and something she calls a 'public and private opinion” on issues, which most logical people would call lying and deceiving voters.
Obama, himself, lied for Hillary and said he didn't know about the private server which Wikileaks has exposed. Obama was sending emails back and forth to Hillary's email address proving that he did indeed know about the server and that the email she was using wasn't a state.gov-provided email account.
So Obama's brother wants him to forget about all that, the Cablegate scandal which, again, Hillary Clinton was apart of, and more? To say the least, Wikileaks and its founding owner Julian Assange have a long rap sheet with the Obama administration. They have crossed paths many times and Malik wants Barack to just forget about it. That's unlikely but, hey, it's the thought that counts, right?
In another twist of fate Malik Obama also supports Donald Trump sporting the # Africans4Trump hashtag in his twitter bio, complete with Donald Trump's signature hashtag #MAGA. He also has a series of tweets that are saying most of what every other normal American, without a President as a brother, is saying, 'This election looks rigged.” That's right Obama's brother believes in the dreaded chupacabra election fraud monster that visits every 4 years, just another thing that sets him apart from his brother.
He additionally mocked Hillary's pay-to-play scandal tweeting the 100K check he was accidentally sent by a mogul in Tehran . I wonder if Malik has seen the Project Veritas videos ?
Do not let my brother rig the election @realDonaldTrump 
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 26, 2016 
America always lectures Afrika about elections but this election looks rigged! Vote Trump anyway
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 27, 2016 
Do not cheat Colorado or New Hampshire. I will know and I will be mad
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 27, 2016 

Obama also hates Trump so are we sure these two are really related? Someone get Maury for a DNA test. Apparently Malik also wonders if they are related sometimes too.
Well they are half-brothers so that may explain the chemical imbalance in the force some what..
All I know is that my brother has done nothing for the Kenyan side of his family. I wonder if we are related sometimes.
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 25, 2016 

Wikileaks additionally in a nod to Malik, tweeted out 'Assange & Kenya's background” with a link to 'The looting of Kenya under President Moi.” 
President Obama's brother calls for @POTUS to pardon Assange https://t.co/BjtaY2wrJ1 
Assange & Kenya, background: https://t.co/BQ8EqCXTqD 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 26, 2016 

 
 
 
The post Obama's Brother Malik Supports Trump AND Wants Obama To Pardon Julian Assange appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
The daughter of Eric Garner is blasting the Hillary Clinton campaign after Wikileaks released emails revealing the campaign's discussions about 'using” her father's death.
I'm troubled by the revelation that you and this campaign actually discussed "using" Eric Garner … Why would you want to "use" my dad?
— officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 

'I'm troubled by the revelation that you and this campaign actually discussed 'using' Eric Garner … Why would you want to 'use my dad?” Garner tweeted with the Wikileaks link. 'These people will co opt anything to push their agenda. Police violence is not the same as gun violence.”
https://t.co/jzfUl0FbXF In this #PodestaEmails leak @CoreyCiorciari n @NickMerrill plot to use police violence victims to push gun control
— officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 

Erica Garner was a strong supporter of Bernie Sanders during the primary, even appearing in a powerful campaign ad explaining why she believes in the Vermont Senator.
'I'm vey (sic) interested to know exactly what @CoreyCiorciari meant when he said 'I know we have an Erica Garner problem' in the #PodestaEmails19,” she continued.
She was referring to a March 17 email from Clinton's press secretary Nick Merrill, regarding a gun violence editorial that the New York Daily News ran that was supposedly coined by Hillary Clinton.
'I know we have Erica Garner issues but we don't want to mention Eric at all? I can see her coming after us for leaving him out of the piece,” he said in the email. 
Ultimately, Garner was not included because he was not killed by gun violence.
'I'm glad you had Maya on your team to explain why you won't be USING my dad in you f—–g gun violence piece… Black woman saved your a–,” Garner added.
now he wants to play the victim … nah. Today I want answers on why you tried to manipulate my dads death for your needs. TODAY! https://t.co/p12GyxiXXy 
— officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 

Erica Garner also tweeted about the revelations that Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta thought her father's killing was justified.
Personelle equals policy @johnpodesta said that Eric Garner's killing was justified . And this is who we want to hold our nose and vote for? https://t.co/5nWnjxA7Nq 
— officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
I guess this is that public vs private position stuff they were talking about https://t.co/xIZtrMoQvW 
— officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 

It appears as though the Clinton camp's 'Erica Garner problem,” just got a whole lot worse — as we have consistently seen that she is not one to back down. She accused the campaign of hiding out instead of apologizing — in hopes that it will blow over.
'It may, I won't make it easy,” Garner added. 
She also accused Everytown, an anti-gun organization, of attempting to co-opt the Black Lives Matter movement — but said she won't share what she knows about it, yet.
'Everytown has been trying to co-opt the BLM movement and turn it into an anti-gun movement for some time. I could spill tea, but not yet,” Garner also tweeted. 
 
The post Daughter of Eric Garner Slams Clinton Camp Over Plans to 'Use' Her Father's Death appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
A plane carrying U.S. Vice Presidential candidate Mike Pence and his campaign crew has slid off the runway in New York's LaGuardia Airport approximately 5 p.m. eastern today according to WPIX-TV .

There were 37 people on the plane, including Pence. No injuries have been declared or deaths at the time of this writing.
The flight was initially delayted because of unknown problems at LaGuardia, giving Pence time to toss the football around while stranded on the tarmac in Iowa, and tweet this photo reported Fox6. 
(THIS IS A BREAKING, DEVELOPING STORY AND UPDATES WILL BE ADDED AS MORE INFORMATION BECOMES AVAILABLE.)
The post BREAKING: Plane Carrying U.S. VP Candidate MIKE PENCE Slides Off The Runway appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Seven of the militia members involved in the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge have been acquitted on federal weapons and conspiracy charges, including Ammon and Ryan Bundy.

Thursday's verdict came after a month long trial over the occupation and standoff which lasted for nearly six weeks — and left one member of the militia dead. The defense had argued that it was not a conspiracy, but rather a peaceful protest.
'Ammon Bundy, the group's de-facto leader, was charged, along with six followers, with theft of government property, possession of a firearm on a federal facility and impeding federal officers through threats, force, or intimidation,” Sputnik News reports.
The jury found the defendants not guilty on all charges except one, which they were deadlocked on.
Here are the verdicts. #oregonstandoff pic.twitter.com/fXW9GoxKUr 
— Ryan Haas (@ryanjhaas) October 27, 2016 

As the judge stated the terms of Ammon Bundy's release — his lawyer, Marcus Mumford, engaged in such an impassioned argument that he was tackled to the ground by US marshals. He is now in federal custody and his status remains unclear at this time.
ALSO – Ammon Bundy's attorney fought with judge, agents moved in & tackled attorney, media rushed out of court, I've never seen that before!
— Mike Benner (@MikeBennerKGW) October 27, 2016 

Harney County Judge Steve Grasty had estimated that the standoff was costing the county '$60,000 to $70,000 a day” for security costs and closed schools. Additionally, federal taxpayers are on the hook for cost accrued by the Bureau of Land Management's district office in Burns, which employs nearly 120 people, most of whom were placed on paid administrative leave. The weekly cost of their salaries was $117,000 per week, or $3,400 per day.
One of the members, LaVoy Finicum, 54, was killed by police after allegedly pulling a gun on officers who had pulled over the vehicle he was in.
'I have been raised in the country all my life,” Finicum told the press before his death. 'I love dearly to feel the wind on my face. To see the sunrise, to see the moon. I have no intention of spending any of my days in a concrete box.”
Twenty-six other militants were arrested in relation to the takeover. The rest of the defendants are scheduled to stand trial in February 2017.
The armed group had claimed to be protesting what they believed to be unconstitutional policies regarding federal land management, and a dispute between the Hammonds, a local ranching family.
The Bundy's had previously made global headlines after engaging in an armed standoff with federal agents over land in Nevada.
The post Militia That Took Over Wildlife Refuge Acquitted on Conspiracy, Weapons Charges appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this video Luke Rudkowski talks about how the punk rock group that was persecuted in Russia by Putin Pussy Riot, steals from Luke in order to promote Hilllary Clinton this election. Don't forget to support and continue our work donate on https://www.patreon.com/wearechange so we can expand our operations.
Sources
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-bKF… 
http://www.salon.com/2016/10/27/watch… 
http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles… 
http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-puss… 
http://www.counterpunch.org/2012/08/2… 
http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-puss… 
https://twitter.com/HillaryClinton/st… 
http://www.thewire.com/politics/2012/… 
http://www.globalresearch.ca/russia-s… 
http://articles.latimes.com/2012/aug/… 
http://joequinn.net/2014/02/26/pussy-… 
—————————————————————————————-
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c… 
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/ 
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a… 
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange 
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange 
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store 
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate 
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP 
The post HOW PUSSY RIOT ROBBED ME TO PROMOTE HILLARY CLINTON THIS ELECTION appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Issues surrounding Hillary Clinton's health and ability to take on the demanding position of President have pervaded this presidential race. But several recent WikiLeaks emails from John Podesta, chairman of Hillary's campaign, have revealed that Hillary Clinton's health problems cannot possibly be branded as 'conspiracy theories” any longer.

Before Hillary Clinton announced her run for president, an email sent on March 14th, 2014, by campaign manager Robert Mook to Clinton campaign chairman Podesta asks whether Podesta has discussed Hillary's 'taxes and health.” The email states that he acknowledges they're both 'hyper sensitive” issues, wondering whether 'both are better dealt with very early so we control them–rather than responding to calls for transparency.” 
In this thread, Mook stated 'Yes. We need to kill that baby in the cradle.” (Which perfectly articulates how sadistic the Clinton campaign and agenda is within a single metaphor.)
A later email thread from July 31, 2015 , shows Dan Schwerin, Clinton's director of speech writing, aiming to roll out Hillary's tax records along with a letter from her physician stating that she is 'in excellent health,” and that following this 'We expect the stories that pop at 2 pm to have headlines such as 'CLINTON IN 'EXCELLENT HEALTH,' MEDICAL RECORDS SAY” … 'CLINTON RELEASES HEALTH REPORT” … 'CLINTON CAMP AIMS TO ONE-UP BUSH IN DISCLOSING FINANCES”
The emails expose the Clinton campaign's attempts to suppress any further inquiry into these health problems and control the narrative, and provide them with 'the best possible, 'fighting' chance of promoting the most helpful story lines.”
Also stating that 'the first stories on health won't pop until 2. 1 pm is just when we will quietly approach the reporters, ” the Clinton camp is exposed in the way in which the mainstream media has held complete bias in favor of a Clinton presidency. This has also been revealed through all the recent Podesta email Wikileaks releases. Just one example being an email sent April 30, 2015, by Politico reporter Glenn Thrush, who even called himself a 'hack” when asking Hillary's top campaign aide, John Podesta, to check over sections of his report regarding the Democratic presidential candidate before publication. 

Startlingly, an email exchange between Hillary's campaign leaders, Tanden and Podesta, even questions if she is aware that we are living on planet Earth. Telling an audience in Ohio that she was 'moderate and center” after previously stating just a few days prior that she was 'progressive”, Tanden asks, 'Why did she call herself a moderate?”
Podesta replied ' I pushed her on this on Sunday night. She claims she didn't remember saying it. Not sure I believe her.” 
In response, Tanden stated, 'I mean it makes my life more difficult after telling every reporter I know she's actually progressive but that is really the smallest of issues. It worries me more that she doesn't seem to know what planet we are all living in at the moment. ” 
It can be speculated as to what this statement is referring to, but it is evident that this proves Hillary's lack of awareness and mental stability. Perhaps regarding her inability to hold a firm political position, or even more worryingly, her inability to retain even the most basic and fundamental information, due to a medical condition that she is suffering from. Giving credibility to the latter possibility, Hillary's top aide Huma Abedin admits that the former Secretary of State is 'still not perfect in her head,” in a newly revealed Wikileaks email on Tuesday.
Countless incidents capturing Hillary's poor health and unstable mental state have been brought to light, despite the Clinton campaign and mainstream media's attempted censoring of this content in the hope that portraying a false narrative regarding these episodes will stray attention away from this issue. For example, after Hillary's recent fall at a 9/11 memorial event filmed by a bystander, the Clinton campaign tried to cover up by claiming this was due to 'pneumonia and dehydration” even though Clinton does not appear limp, as though she has fainted. In contrast, she appears ridged and shaky throughout this episode, as Secret Service agents lift her into the vehicle. However, Hillary's constant tumbles do not surprise me, as the gravitational force pulling this Democratic nominee towards underworld must be so incredibly strong.
This along with many other recently recorded accounts of Hillary's severe coughing fits , dangerous falls, recurring eye problems , and the spitting up of a vile yellow substance, have undoubtedly shown that this presidential candidate is scarcely physically fit to perform duties as president. Hillary's mental state is also a major point of concern, which top aides, Podesta and Abedin, have confirmed through the Wikileaks emails stated in this article.
If Hillary blatantly appears unable to function healthily during her time running for president, we can only expect these issues to increase in severity if she were to take on the stressful position of president.
The post WikiLeaks Podesta Emails Confirm Hillary's Health Issues appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Russia has been increasing it's weapons capabilities recently, adding a newly improved ' Super Satan Nuke ” to it's arsenal and running test run drills with it. Now Russian President Vladimir Putin has proclaimed to American voters if they choose 'Trump it's peace, if they choose Clinton it's war.”

This comes as no surprise and it's something that many of us feared deep down, but knew that it was likely true. Now Putin has said it out his own mouth. It seems that things are heating up in Ukraine and Syria. With Russian battle ships moving towards Syria and tensions building up along Ukraine's boarder with NATO, it seems like world war could break out any day. As 's Luke Rudkowski recently pointed out, Russia isn't playing games anymore.
With failure after failure of peace talks and cease fires things are getting dangerous and Russia is running out of options. To have Putin come out and say something so straight forward should scare all Americans — this is serious.
Especially since NATO wants to continue trying to push for war with Russia and the U.S. is a member of NATO. Putin has also vowed retaliation over the U.S. missile system that was setup in Syria.

'If Americans vote for Trump, they're voting for peace! ”If they vote for Clinton, its war.” – Vladimir Putin. 
It's no wonder that Putin would make such a strong statement when Hillary Clinton has been for years bashing him. It's additionally been revealed thanks to Wikileaks that Hillary Clinton would enforce a 'no fly zone” in Syria . An instant declaration of war in Russia's eyes. Washington has had troubled relations with Moscow starting from 2012 with Syria and in 2014, when the Ukraine coup was orchestrated by the U.S. — as a leaked Victoria Nuland phone call shows. Victoria Nuland answered to Hillary Clinton who was Secretary of State at the time of these discussions, and her leaked call is below.
A pre-Maidan video of former Ukraine Deputy Oleg Tsarov warning of a civil war coup before it broke out in Ukraine also makes this point. Maiden was the event where snipers shot at both sides of the opposition rebels and police. Polish MP Janusz Korwin-Mikke alleges that what occurred in Ukraine was a special op to provoke a riot.
Then we had the MH17 incident that has been blamed on Russia and Russian separatist despite the Ukrainian government being allowed to fabricate evidence. 
Additionally a leaked phone conversation from the EU foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton and Estonian foreign affairs minister alleges that the snipers were paid for by Maidan leaders .
Soros is also linked to the Ukraine uprising and he is someone that Vladimir Putin despises, so it's again no surprise that Vladmir Putin would say 'If Americans vote for Hillary it's war,” since Hillary is George Soros's puppet after all.
'Many of the participants in Kiev's 'EuroMaidan' demonstrations were members of Soros-funded NGOs and/or were trained by the same NGOs in the many workshops and conferences sponsored by Soros' International Renaissance Foundation (IRF), and his various Open Society institutes and foundations. The IRF, founded and funded by Soros, boasts that it has given 'more than any other donor organization' to 'democratic transformation' of Ukraine,” – William F. Jasper reports.
Does the U.S. really want war with Russia? No the U.S. as a whole doesn't want war, no one likes war but oligarchs and the military industrial complex that profits off of it's citizens blood.
That's where Donald Trump sets himself apart, at least according to his campaign promises that he would work with Russia .
Putin recently expressed support for Trump, saying that 'Russia's not playing favorites but Trump does speak for the people.” Putin added, that 'Elections have stopped being an instrument of change, and have been reduced to scandals, to mudslinging, to questions of who pinched whom and who is sleeping with whom,” during a WSJ interview. 
If Hillary gets in the Oval Office she will continue her war mongering ways – after Libya and Ukraine, Syria is next as General Wesley Clark warned in his 2007 speech . Hillary is taking marching orders from the CFR which she admits herself . If the fix is in for Hillary like we detailed previously will Hillary Clinton be the president that starts World War III with Russia?
 
 
 
 
 
The post Putin: 'If Americans Vote For Trump It's Peace, Clinton It's War” appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Two-thirds of wild animals will vanish by 2020, largest mass extinction since dinosaurs. 
'At some point the earth is going to say 'enough.” A damning new report from the World Wildlife Fund has found a precipitous decline in the world's animal populations as thousands of species scramble to survive against a sole enemy: humans.
The 2016 version of WWF's biennial Living Planet Report , published Thursday, found a 58 percent overall decline in vertebrate populations from 1970 to 2012, the latest year with available data. The nonprofit warned that if current trends continue, the world could lose more than two-thirds of wildlife by 2020.
'As humanity continues to demand more and more of the earth and puts pressures on our natural capital, what we're seeing is the fraying of wildlife,” said Colby Loucks , senior director for the WWF's Wildlife Conservation Program. 
Humans have affected the entire spectrum of vertebrate life ? fish, birds, mammals, reptiles and amphibians, the report says. The document's warning of vanishing wildlife refers to total population size, not the number of species that will go extinct. That's an entirely different problem .

Loucks linked wildlife losses to what he called the 'five horseman” of the environmental apocalypse: habitat loss, over exploitation, pollution, invasive species and climate change. Those factors have undercut the 3,706 species documented by the WWF on land and in ocean and freshwater habitats.
Freshwater species have been hit hardest, with populations declining 81 percent, according to the report. The freshwater biome covers less than a 0.01 percent of the planet's surface, but holds about 1 in 10 known wildlife species.
'There's less of the cuddly panda phenomenon going on there, because humans need water to survive, to grow crops,” Loucks said, noting that 'oftentimes we see freshwater for human use,” and not for conservation. 
Why are there massive die offs of different species of animals around the world ? 
Humanity has expanded so much ? clear-cutting rainforests , poaching big game , overfishing the seas ? that it now requires the equivalent of '1.6 earths to provide the goods and services we use each year,” the report says.
WWF ranks what it calls the 'ecological footprint” of this consumption ? basically the amount of resources a human lifestyle requires in a defined region. Rich nations, including the United States, Canada and Australia, have some of the biggest footprints in the world.
'I don't think people really know the extent of these declines,” Loucks said. 'Ultimately, we're going to need collective action to try and maintain both humans and what we need, as well as the natural world.” 
Freshwater species have been hit hardest, with populations declining 81 percent, according to the report. The freshwater biome covers less than a 0.01 percent of the planet's surface, but holds about 1 in 10 known wildlife species.
'There's less of the cuddly panda phenomenon going on there, because humans need water to survive, to grow crops,” Loucks said, noting that 'oftentimes we see freshwater for human use,” and not for conservation. 

Humanity has expanded so much ? clear-cutting rainforests , poaching big game , overfishing the seas ? that it now requires the equivalent of '1.6 earths to provide the goods and services we use each year,” the report says.
Nearly three-fifths of all animals with a backbone – fish, birds, … Humanity decimating planetary wildlife as global wildlife stocks predicted to fall two – thirds by 2020 ~ The Daily Telegraph WWF ranks what it calls the 'ecological footprint” of this consumption ? basically the amount of resources a human lifestyle requires in a defined region. Rich nations, including the United States, Canada and Australia, have some of the biggest footprints in the world.
'I don't think people really know the extent of these declines,” Loucks said. 'Ultimately, we're going to need collective action to try and maintain both humans and what we need, as well as the natural world.” 
Other major endeavors this year documenting animal populations have revealed similarly shocking declines. The first full census of African elephants found a 30 percent drop across the continent in just seven years. Wide swaths of Australia's Great Barrier Reef have become a coral graveyard . Even the loneliest frog on Earth died , a symbol of 'the extinction crisis.” 
The WWF report says there's still time to stop mass extinction. Major worldwide initiatives to halt climate change and recent shifts toward renewable energy ensure we are not 'starting from scratch,” the report says.
'The facts and figures in this report tend to paint a challenging picture, yet there is still considerable room for optimism,” the report reads. 'If we manage to carry out critically needed transitions, the rewards will be immense.” 
Changes should include a revamped food system that balances human need with planetary capacity.
'Sustainability and resilience will be achieved much faster if the majority of the Earth's population understand the value and needs of our increasingly fragile Earth,” the report says. 'A shared understanding of the link between humanity and nature could induce a profound change that will allow all life to thrive.” 
Loucks noted that such changes are 'really, really hard” and mandate long-term thinking.
'When we're going to start seeing impacts more locally, your favorite lake dries up or your favorite species is no longer there, maybe at that point you start thinking longer term,” he said. 'E ach individual is going to have their threshold when they're going to start saying, 'Wow, I care.' 

'But at some point the earth is going to say 'enough.' And that's going to be catastrophic.” written by Nick Visser Journalist/ Reporter, The Huffington Post 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT  
The post In only 50 Years Humans Are Close To Killing Off Two-Thirds Of All Wildlife appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
FBI finds new emails related to Clinton investigation — and they came from investigation into Anthony Weiner's sexting. The new emails were reportedly uncovered after the FBI seized devices belong to Huma Abedin and her husband, Anthony Weiner. Prosecutors issued a subpoena for Weiner's cell phone and other records in late September amid allegations that he had been sexting with a 15-year-old girl. AP Photo
The FBI will reopen its investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server after learning of 'the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation,” FBI Director James Comey wrote in a letter to congressional leaders on Friday.
Comey said the team in charge of looking into Clinton's server briefed him on Thursday on new emails it found 'in connection with an unrelated case.”
'The FBI cannot assess whether or not this material may be significant,” Comey wrote, adding, 'I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work.”
Here's the full letter: 
The emails were reportedly uncovered after the FBI seized devices belong to Huma Abedin and her husband, Anthony Weiner, the New York Times reported , citing law enforcement officials. Prosecutors issued a subpoena for Weiner's cell phone and other records in late September amid allegations that he had been sexting with a 15-year-old girl.
Previous reports indicated that only three relevant emails were found, but a federal official told the Times on Friday afternoon that the number of emails uncovered through Abedin's and Weiner's devices numbered in the thousands.
Clinton gave a rally on Friday after the news broke, but did not mention the FBI's announcement.
Stocks fell sharply after the FBI's announcement. 
Donald Trump responded to the news at a rally Friday, saying, 'Hillary Clinton's corruption is not on a scale we have ever seen … The FBI and the Justice Department now have the chance to right the horrible mistake that they made” in not previously recommending that Clinton be charged with criminal wrongdoing.
House Speaker Paul Ryan released a statement renewing his call for the Director of National Intelligence to suspend classified intelligence briefings for Clinton, who, he said, 'was entrusted with some of our nation's most important secrets, and betrayed that trust by carelessly mishandling highly classified information.”
Many on Twitter have condemned the FBI's handling of the announcement that it would reopen the investigation.
'It's bad enough having the media do the 'raises questions,' substance-free innuendo thing. Worse when the FBI director does it. Disgraceful,” economist Paul Krugman tweeted on Friday . 'Comey needs to provide full info immediately. Otherwise he has clearly made a partisan intervention, betraying his office.” 
'I have zero faith that anyone will handle this responsibly,” former Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau wrote . 'It's insane. He [Comey] at least owes the country a press briefing — anything more than a vague letter.”
'Director Comey should give a more complete explanation. Is this reviewing newly found emails? Is this reopening? Too much at stake,” wrote John Weaver , the former campaign strategist for Gov. John Kasich of Ohio.
Clinton's email scandal has dogged the Democratic presidential nominee for more than a year. In March 2015, she first admitted to exclusively using a private email account to send and receive work-related emails while she served as secretary of state. The controversy compelled her to hand over roughly 30,000 work-related emails to the State Department, which have been released in batches since last year.
But she deleted about 30,000 additional emails from her server that she said were 'personal” in nature before handing it over to the FBI in August, five months after she gave individual emails to the State Department.
NBC's Pete Williams reported Friday that the newly discovered emails were not among those originally withheld by Clinton or her campaign and were found on a 'device” in a separate investigation. The decision to reopen the investigation was not related to emails released by WikiLeaks or to Russian hacking, Williams said.
A US official also told the Associated Press that the newly discovered emails relating to the FBI's Clinton investigation did not come from her private server.
Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton looks at her mobile phone as she leaves her house to attend Congressional Black Caucus Foundation's Phoenix Awards Dinner at the Washington convention center in Washington Thomson Reuters
After examining her emails for more than a year, the State Department issued a scathing report in May concluding that she 'did not comply” with its policies when she chose to use a personal email account to conduct government business.
The State Department faulted Clinton and previous secretaries of state for poorly managing email and other computer information and for slowly responding to new cyber-security risks.
Two months later, the FBI decided not to recommend that the Justice Department bring charges against Clinton, saying Clinton's conduct did not meet the threshold used to prosecute past violators who shared classified information over unclassified channels.
'In looking back at our investigations into mishandling or removal of classified information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges on these facts,” Comey said in July, after the FBI interviewed Clinton for three hours about her use of the server while at the State Department.
Trump has called the FBI's determination 'very unfair” and has said that if he were elected president, he would 'lock her up” over her email scandal.
Clinton's unusual email system was originally set up by a staffer during Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign. It replaced another private server used by her husband, Bill Clinton.
The new server was run by Bryan Pagliano, who had worked as the IT director on Hillary Clinton's campaign before she joined the State Department in May 2009. In 2013 — the same year she left the State Department — Clinton hired a small Denver-based IT firm named Platte River Networks to oversee the system.
Clinton has since apologized for using the email server while insisting she never sent or received information marked 'classified” using her private email account.
The news tops off a particularly bad week for the Clinton campaign, which included both the release of a hacked memo published by WikiLeaks titled 'Bill Clinton, Inc.” that raised questions about the blurring of lines between the Clinton Foundation charity and the Clintons' personal finances and news that health-insurance premiums on the exchanges set up by the Affordable Care Act were set to increase significantly in 2017. 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT  
The post The FBI will reopen its investigation into Hillary Clinton appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Thousands of wild American Bison appear from no where at Standing Rock http://wearechange.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/1-bisons.mp4 Words Of ”Brave Buffalo”… Teton Sioux Medicine Man I have noticed in my life that all men have a liking for some special animal, tree, plant, or spot of earth. If men would pay more attention to these preferences and seek what is best in order to make themselves worthy of that toward which they are so attracted, they might have dreams that would purify their lives. Let a man decide upon his favorite animal and make a study of it, learning its innocent ways. Let him learn to understand its sounds and motions. The animals want to communicate with man, but the Great Father does not intend they shall do so directly, man must do the greater part in securing an understanding. The Tatanka Oyate were called upon and gave us courage. Pilamiya Maske for your vision. Stay strong Water Protectors! 
The great bison or buffalo of North America is a very powerful symbol to American Indians. Though best suited to cooler climates, bison roamed virtually in entire continent.
The smaller woodlands bison and its bigger cousin, the plains bison were revered and honored in ceremony and every day life. To the plains Indian, our Bison Brother meant sacred life and the abundance of the Creator's blessing on Mother Earth.
The bison is powerful medicine that is a symbol of sacrifice and service to the community. The bison people agreed to give their lives so the American Indian could have food, shelter and clothing.
The bison is also a symbol of gratitude and honor as it is happy to accept its meager existence as it stands proud against the winds of adversity.
The bison represents abundance of the Creator's bounty and respect for all creation knowing that all things are sacred.
The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe criticized law enforcement's 'militarized” response to the camp and called for demonstrations to remain peaceful, but stressed that activists would not give up their cause.
'Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear today. We continue to pray for peace,” Dave Archambault II said in a statement Thursday evening.
'We won't step down from this fight,” he added. 'As peoples of this earth, we all need water. This is about our water, our rights, and our dignity as human beings.”
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Legend of The Brave Buffalo; Thousands of Wild American Bison Appear at Standing Rock. appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

The White House website features a petition to remove thousands of voting machines supposedly tied to billionaire Democrat George Soros from 16 states. The petition reached well over 100,000 signatures as of Friday night.
The petition's supporters want to make sure Congress convenes to ban those machines by November. Lifezette first reported that the machines could be linked to Soros, by asserting the man that owns that sold the machines serves the board of the Open Societies Foundation, a board led by Soros.
'This man has been linked to a person's campaign who is running in the election and has a clear bias to one candidate. His ownership of voting machines in 16 states is a clear breach of integrity of our electoral system,” the petition states. The machines were tied to Soros by The Epoch Times, which reported the company that sold the machines is owned by a Soros ally.
Business Insider reported Tuesday, that notions of Soros controlling the machines is false, because Soros doesn't have a controlling interest in the company that sold the machines, claiming that the 16 states to purchase the machines don't plan to use them in the 2016 general election.
This amount of signatures make it clear that a large amount of people have a lot distrust in the current election system.
RELATED BREAKING: The NEW Election FEC Violation That Should End Clinton's Campaign . Russia Trolls The U.S., Offers A 'Helping Hand” In Overseeing Elections WE THE PEOPLE ASK THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT TO CALL ON CONGRESS TO ACT ON AN ISSUE: We the people ask congress to meet in emergency session about removing George Soros owned voting machines from 16 states Created by J.W. on October 21, 2016 Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post White House Petition To Remove 'Soros-Owned Voting Machines' Hits 100,000+ Signatures appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Leaked audio from 2006, shows Hillary Clinton suggesting that the U.S. should have rigged a foreign countries electoral process. Eyebrows should be raised high to your forehead when hearing Clinton suggest the U.S. should have 'made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win” rigging the Palestinian election. The leak comes less then a week away from when voters take to the polls.
'I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake. And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.” 
~Hillary Clinton, 2006, said. 
The audio was leaked to the Observer , by Eli Chomsky who was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press at the time. Chomsky recorded Hillary speaking to the Jewish Press January, 25, 2006 about the second Palestinian Legislative Council on an old cassette tape.
Speaking to the Jewish Press about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats).
~ Ken Kurson , writes.
Chomsky held onto the tape all these years and was told by his bosses at the time in 2006, that they didn't think it was 'newsworthy” at the time. Chomsky also expressed that the Jewish Press had a mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybody in a position of influence.
'I went to my bosses at the time, the Jewish Press had this mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybody even a direct quote from anyone in a position of influence because they might need them down the road. My bosses didn't think it was newsworthy at the time. I was convinced that it was and I held onto it all these years.”
Given the absurd amount of primary fraud in favor of Hillary Clinton this should open another Pandora's box.
The potential that she may knowingly have setup the election fraud so she could win against Senator Bernie Sanders. The collusion with the DNC, the media and the dirty tactics used by her campaign and the Democrats in general that Project Veritas exposed . With a statement like that in 2006, Hillary may have known about all the illegal practices taking part now in the U.S. 2016 election cycle making her a direct participant in the conspiracy. Whether it's violating FEC regulations, criminal laws, morals or ethics. Hillary doesn't care that's what this tape shows it shows the further moral depravity of a presidential candidate less then 2 weeks away from the election. It shows that Hillary doesn't give a damn about democracy even in a foreign country where the U.S. has no business meddling in other countries internal election affairs. And here she is suggesting that the U.S. should have 'made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.”
Hillary has proven time and time again that she has absolutely no conscience what so ever. Whether it's lying about Bosnia snipers or lying about her email investigation, lying about Benghazi, or having a public and private opinion on issues directly deceiving voters Hillary has shown what difference does it make? Here's Hillary lying for 14 minutes straight and that's not even counting the lies she told to the American people while making deals with Goldman Sachs, Wall St and foreign donors.
2006 audio emerges of Clinton proposing election rigging in Palestine; censored by Israeli press for past 10 years https://t.co/LsMYcUzJR4 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 28, 2016 

 
The post LEAKED AUDIO: HILLARY CLINTON PROPOSED RIGGING PALESTINIAN ELECTION appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

by Bryan William Myers | Oct 29, 2016 
Back on Sept. 3, 2016, Labor Day weekend in America, protesters in North Dakota representing the Standing Rock Sioux were attacked with dogs and pepper spray while attempting to halt construction on an approximately $4 billion crude oil pipeline that would extend nearly 1,200 miles from the northern interior of the U.S. to south-central Illinois. One of the oil companies 'responsible” for the pipeline is Dakota Access, LLC — a subsidiary of Energy Transfer Crude Oil Company, LLC . 
Some quick facts about the pipeline, from an Energy Transfer Partners website: 
The pipeline will '…transport crude oil from the Bakken/Three Forks play in North Dakota to a terminus in Illinois with additional potential points of destination along the pipeline route.” 
'The pipeline will translate into millions in state and local revenues during the construction phase and an estimated $156 million in sales and income taxes.” 
'The Dakota Access Pipeline Project is a $3.7 billion investment into the United States directly impacting the local and national labor force by creating 8,000–12,000 construction jobs and up to 40 permanent operating jobs.” 
'The pipeline is anticipated to be fully functional by 2016.” 
Ultimately, this is conjecture. 
WHO ARE THE SIOUX? 
About the Sioux: 
'The Standing Rock Sioux Reservation is situated in North and South Dakota. The people of Standing Rock, often called Sioux, are members of the Dakota and Lakota nations. 'Dakota' and 'Lakota' mean 'friends' or 'allies'. The people of both these nations are often called 'Sioux', a term that dates back to the seventeenth century when the people were living in the Great Lakes area. The Ojibwa called the Lakota and Dakota 'Nadouwesou' meaning 'adders'. This term, shortened and corrupted by French traders, resulted in retention of the last syllable as 'Sioux.' There are various Sioux divisions and each has important cultural, linguistic, territorial, and political distinctions.” 
Where do they live? 
'The Great Sioux Reservation comprised all of present-day South Dakota west of the Missouri River, including the sacred Black Hills and the life-giving Missouri River. Under article 11 of the 1868 Fort Laramie Treaty, the Great Sioux Nation retained off-reservation hunting rights to a much larger area, south to the Republican and Platte Rivers, and east to the Big Horn Mountains. Under article 12, no cession of land would be valid unless approved by three-fourths of the adult males. Nevertheless, the Congress unilaterally passed the Act of February 28, 1877, removing the Sacred Black Hills from the Great Sioux Reservation. The United States never obtained the consent of three-fourths of the Sioux, as required in article 12 of the 1868 Treaty. The U.S. Supreme Court concluded that 'A more ripe and rank case of dishonorable dealings will never, in all probability, be found in our history.'” 
As the years wore on, and more of their land was claimed by the invader — the U.S. government — the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe eventually formed their own constitution in 1959 to be overseen by a Tribal Council. 
'The Tribal Council consists of a Chairman, Vice-Chairman, a Secretary, and fourteen additional Councilmen which are elected by the tribal members.” 
And now, once again, they are up against the sprawling U.S. empire, which will stop at nothing when natural resources are coveted for the invader's profit machine. This time, it's the unelected bureaucracy of oil companies and monopolistic energy partnerships in America paired with the funding from nearly 20 U.S., U.K., and other international banking institutions who are all involved in this endless destruction of Native lands. 
Combined with a militarized police state — hundreds of arrests, assaults with batons and rubber bullets, armored vehicles with sound cannons, Humvees, helicopters flying overhead, and troops from the National Guard — the recent events in North Dakota resemble that of a war zone, more than a peaceful protest. 
TRANSPORTING OIL OUT OF NORTH DAKOTA 
Crude oil transported out of North Dakota has traditionally been shipped on rail cars to get to the east coast. Over the years, the competitive push to match domestic demand with imported crude oil pressurized the internal transport system, increasing rail-car shipping incidents. 
From Pennsylvania StateImpact , 'a reporting project of NPR member stations”: 
'Refineries on the East Coast used to rely on crude oil from Nigeria and the Gulf of Mexico shipped on large tankers. Today, trains carrying crude oil from North Dakota's Bakken Shale travel on rail lines through Pennsylvania. The rail shipments are part of a larger nationwide boom in rail traffic resulting from the oil and gas boom and have helped keep refineries in the Philadelphia region stay in business . 
However, increased traffic on the rails has resulted in a surge in accidents, including an explosive derailment in Lac-Megantic, Quebec that left 47 people dead in July 2013. The crude-by-rail phenomenon has come under intense scrutiny from federal agencies, as well as state and local governments across the country who worry that a derailment in more populous cities like Pittsburgh and Philadelphia could result in catastrophe.” 
This, in tandem with crashing oil prices . 
Paired with a previous announcement in May 2015 from the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT), for new rules to 'strengthen the safe transportation of flammable liquids by rail”. 
And you've got a perfect environment for vulture capitalist intervention. 
THE BANKS SWOOP IN 
Back in September, Democracy Now! did an exclusive report entitled 'Who's Investing in the Dakota Access Pipeline? Meet the Banks Financing Attacks on Protesters”. 
'We continue our conversation with Hugh MacMillan (senior researcher at Food & Water Watch) on his new investigation revealing the financial institutions backing the $3.8 billion Dakota Access pipeline project. 
The investigation, published by research outlet LittleSis, names more than two dozen major banks and financial institutions helping to finance the Dakota Access pipeline. It details how Bank of America, HSBC , UBS , Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Chase, and other financial institutions have, combined, extended a $3.75 billion credit line to Energy Transfer Partners, the parent company of Dakota Access.” 
In the interview, MacMillan begins: 
'Dakota Access, LLC is a joint venture of Phillips 66, and a joint venture of two members of the Energy Transfer family, Energy Transfer Partners and Sunoco Logistics. Enbridge (Energy Partners) and Marathon (Petroleum Corporation) oil have bought into this joint venture. Together, they now have about a 37% stake in the pipeline, the Dakota Access pipeline.” 
When Amy Goodman asked how the banks were involved, MacMillan responded: 
'They're banking on this company, and banking on being able to drill and frack for the oil to [be sent] through the pipeline over the coming decades. So they're providing the capital for the construction of this pipeline.” 
MacMillan then asserts that the 17 banks in their funding of the Dakota Access pipeline through Energy Transfer Partners are also coupled together with an existing pipeline that will be converted to extend from the southern end of the Dakota Access pipeline all the way down to the Gulf Coast. 
'Where there are refineries and also export infrastructure.” 
Here is a picture of that proposal from the Sunoco Logistics website: 
MacMillan stated the ultimate goal of the pipeline projects will be to have one pipeline that would run from 'near the Canadian border on down to the Gulf Coast of Texas, over 1,800 miles.” 
As to which banks, specifically, are directly involved in the Dakota Access pipeline: 
'Citibank is the bank that's been running the books on the project. And that's the bank that 'beat the bushes' and got other banks to join in. So we have Wells Fargo, BNP Paribas, SunTrust, the Royal Bank of Scotland, the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Mizuho Bank, TD Securities, ABN AMRO, DNB First bank (based in Philadelphia), ICBC London, SMBC Nikko Securities, and Societe Generale.” 
Goodman then asked MacMillan about the drop in demand for oil, in the past year, with regard to a personal conversation she had with an oil trucker. 
'If you ask Morgan Stanley, they said a year ago that the oil producers are getting into 'prison shape'— without irony. So these are long term investments from the banks. They fully expect the United States to maximize its production of oil and gas through widespread fracking.” 
MacMillan summarized what he believed was most crucial for people to understand about the Dakota Access Pipeline: 
'Well, I think it's important to see the forces behind this particular pipeline as the same forces behind numerous other pipelines across the country, both to support fracking for tight oil as well as fracking for shale gas, all toward maximizing production of oil and gas. When the science is clear that we need to maximize what we keep in the ground. Our current policy has not made that switch. And if you look at the Department of Energy's Quadrennial Technology Review, published a year ago, you'll see under clean energy technologies, permeability manipulation is included along with improved understanding of well integrity and improved understanding of injections and how they're causing earthquakes, such as [what] occurred over the weekend in Oklahoma. The Quadrennial Technology Review speaks of a future mastery of the subsurface towards maximizing production.” 
OTHER HANDS IN THE POT 
Most recently, it has come out that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has anywhere from $500,000 to $1 million invested in Energy Transfer Partners , the parent company of the Dakota Access pipeline, in addition to having $500,000 – $1 million invested in Phillips 66 — a company which will also hold a 25% stake in the pipeline. Kelcy Warren, co-founder and chief executive of Energy Transfer Partners, donated more than $100,000 to Trump's campaign, and he gave nearly $67,000 to the Republican National Committee since Trump became the party's controversial candidate for president in the 2016 election. 
According to the Guardian, Warren gave a $3,000 personal donation to Trump's election campaign back in June. That amount exceeded $2,700 — the legal limit for individual contributions. Previously, Warren donated $550,000 to current Texas governor Greg Abbott's 2014 campaign. After Abbott won the election, he then appointed Warren and his wife to state boards, the Guardian reported. 
'Warren has worked in the energy industry for the past 25 years and has a net worth of $3.8bn, according to Forbes . The Texas-based businessman has said concerns over the Dakota Access pipeline are 'unfounded' and insisted there are no Native American artifacts at risk from its construction. He vowed that Energy Transfer Partners will press ahead with the project .” 
RECENT RESPONSES FROM POLITICIANS ON DAKOTA ACCESS PIPELINE 
On Thursday, Oct. 27, Hillary Clinton's campaign released a statement with regard to the Dakota Access pipeline project and the ongoing protests where hundreds have been arrested in recent weeks. 
'It's important that on the ground in North Dakota, everyone respects demonstrators' rights to protest peacefully, and workers' rights to do their jobs safely…” 
Bernie Sanders made a much less benign statement on the issue: 
'The major global crisis facing our planet today is climate change. The vast majority of scientists tell us that climate change is real, it is caused by humans and it is already causing devastating problems. They say that if we do not aggressively transition our energy system away from fossil fuels toward energy efficiency and sustainable energy, the planet we leave our children will be a much less habitable place. 
Like the Keystone XL pipeline, which I opposed since day one, the Dakota Access fracked oil pipeline, will transport some of the dirtiest fuel on the planet. Regardless of the court's decision, the Dakota Access pipeline must be stopped. As a nation, our job is to break our addiction to fossil fuels, not increase our dependence on oil. I join with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and the many tribal nations fighting this dangerous pipeline.” 
Here is Sanders' letter to U.S. President Barack Obama on this issue, from Oct. 28. 
A previous letter, dated Oct. 13, was also sent to the president, regarding the halting of construction on the Dakota Access pipeline. That letter was also signed by Sanders, in addition to four other U.S. Senators. 
Collectively, banks from nearly a dozen countries are involved in the funding of the Dakota Access pipeline. 
And, last weekend, on Friday, Oct. 21, an oil pipeline was breached , spilling gasoline in close proximity to the Susquehanna River, in an area of Lycoming County, Pennsylvania — about 100 miles north of the state capital, Harrisburg. The spill was estimated at 1,300 barrels, or 55,000 gallons of gasoline. 
The owner of that pipeline is Sunoco Logistics, which has had over 200 leaks of crude since 2010, much more than any of its competitors. 
It's the same oil company that will be operating the Dakota Access pipeline. Bryan William Myers Bryan is a freelance writer/copy editor/copywriter. He reads, researches and drinks beer. He also writes poetry, short stories, essays, and is working on various novels, some of which include private documentation of traveling and living in Philadelphia, Colorado, and New Jersey. Currently, he lives in South Philadelphia. He also paints and records his own music. Join We Are Change!
ARTICLE

 
Published on Oct 29, 2016 
In this video Luke Rudkowski interview pioneer journalist Mike Cernovich about the rise of Donald Trump and fall of Hillary Clinton. We go over Mike's predictions for this election and our political social landscape has changed and will never be the same again.
To find out more about Mike check out https://twitter.com/Cernovich 
————————————————————————————————-
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c… 
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/ 
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a… 
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange 
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange 
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store 
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate 
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP 
The post Interview With Mike Cernovich – Who and How The 2016 Election Will Be Won appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

Senator Bernie Sanders is demanding President Barack Obama stand by his commitment to curb climate change by stopping the Dakota pipeline.
In a statement issued on his official U.S. Senate website , Sanders — who garnered over 11 million votes in the Democratic presidential primary — asked Obama to halt construction of the pipeline until federal officials properly conduct a cultural and environmental review.
'It is deeply distressing to me that the federal government is putting the profits of the oil industry ahead of the treaty and sovereign rights of Native American communities,” Sanders wrote. 'Mr. President, you took a bold and principled stand against the Keystone pipeline – I ask you to take a similar stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline.”
'To my mind, the [U.S. Army Corps of Engineers] should have never approved this project on an expedited process in the first place,” he continued.
The Vermont senator also called on the president to send federal observers to the Dakota Access Pipeline construction site to ensure the protection of First Amendment rights for Native Americans fighting for their sovereign land and water.
'I urge you to take all appropriate measures to protect the safety of the Native Americans[ sic ] protesters and their supporters who have gathered peacefully to oppose the construction of the pipeline,” Sanders stated. Sanders also reiterated the necessity of preserving the environment, and pointed out the pipeline's potentially hazardous effect on the climate.
'According to one report, burning the oil transported through the pipeline would produce carbon emissions equivalent to 21 million cars or 30 coal plants,” Sanders wrote. 'If we have any hope of avoiding the worst consequences of climate change, we should not be building new oil pipelines that lock us into burning fossil fuels for generations to come.”
The letter comes on the heels of state and local law enforcement, along with national guardsmen and private security forces brutalizing indigenous water protectors on Thursday. Videos widely circulated on social media showed law enforcement officers using pepper spray and LRAD sound cannons on Standing Rock protesters. Approximately 140 water protectors engaging in nonviolent civil disobedience were arrested by police in riot gear following the confrontation.
Click here to read Sanders' full letter.
RELATED BREAKING: The NEW Election FEC Violation That Should End Clinton's Campaign . Russia Trolls The U.S., Offers A 'Helping Hand” In Overseeing Elections Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Bernie Sanders Wrote an Open Letter Calling on President Obama to Stop the Dakota Pipeline appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Security Firm Running Dakota Access Pipeline Intelligence Has Ties to U.S. Military Work in Iraq and Afghanistan 
TigerSwan is one of several security firms under investigation for its work guarding the Dakota Access pipeline in North Dakota while potentially without a permit. Besides this recent work on the Standing Rock Sioux protests in North Dakota, this company has offices in Iraq and Afghanistan and is run by a special forces Army veteran.
According to a summary of the investigation , TigerSwan 'is in charge of Dakota Access intelligence and supervises the overall security.”
The Morton County, North Dakota, Sheriff's Department also recently concluded that another security company, Frost Kennels, operated in the state while unlicensed to do so and could face criminal charges . The firm's attack dogs bit protesters at a heated Labor Day weekend protest .
Law enforcement and private security at the North Dakota pipeline protests have faced criticism for maintaining a militarized presence in the area. The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) and National Lawyer's Guild have filed multiple open records requests to learn more about the extent of this militarization, and over 133,000 citizens have signed a petition calling for the U.S. Department of Justice to intervene and quell the backlash.
The Federal Aviation Administration has also implemented a no-fly zone , which bars anyone but law enforcement from flying within a 4-mile radius and 3500 feet above the ground in the protest area. Dallas Goldtooth, an organizer on the scenes in North Dakota with the Indigenous Environmental Network, said on Facebook that ' DAPL private security planes and choppers were flying all day” within the designated no-fly zone.
Donnell Hushka, the designated public information officer for the North Dakota Tactical Operation Center, which is tasked with overseeing the no-fly zone, did not respond to repeated queries about designated private entities allowed to fly in no-fly zone airspace.
What is TigerSwan? TigerSwan has offices in Iraq, Afghanistan, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, India, and Latin America and has headquarters in North Carolina. In the past year, TigerSwan won two U.S. Department of State contracts worth over $7 million to operate in Afghanistan, according to USAS pending.gov.
TigerSwan, however, claims on its website that the contract is worth $25 million, and said in a press release that the State Department contract called for the company to 'monitor, assess, and advise current and future nation building and stability initiatives in Afghanistan.” Since 2008, TigerSwan has won about $57.7 million worth of U.S. government contracts and sub-contracts for security services.
Company founder and CEO James Reese , a veteran of the elite Army Delta Force , served as the 'lead advisor for Special Operations to the Director of the CIA for planning, operations and integration for the invasion of Afghanistan and Operation Enduring Freedom” in Iraq, according to his company biography. Army Delta partakes in mostly covert and high-stakes missions and is part of the U.S. Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) , the latter well known for killing Osama Bin Laden.
One of TigerSwan's advisory board members, Charles Pittman, has direct ties to the oil and gas industry. Pittman 'served as President of Amoco Egypt Oil Company, Amoco Eurasia Petroleum Company, and Regional President BP Amoco plc. (covering the Middle East, the Caspian Sea region, Egypt, and India),” according to his company biography .
'Sad, But Not Surprising” Investigative journalist Jeremy Scahill told Democracy Now! in a 2009 interview that TigerSwan did some covert operations work with Blackwater USA , dubbed the ' world's most powerful mercenary army ” in his book by the same name. Blackwater has also guarded oil pipelines in central Asia, according to Scahill's book .
Reese advised Blackwater and took a leave of absence from TigerSwan in 2008 in the aftermath of the Nisour Square Massacre , a shooting in Iraq conducted by Blackwater officers which saw 17 Iraqi civilians killed. TigerSwan has a business relationship with Babylon Eagles Security Company , a private security firm headquartered in Iraq which also has had business ties with Blackwater .
'It is sad, but not surprising, that this firm has ties to the US interventions in Afghanistan and Iraq,” Medea Benjamin, co-founder of the women-led peace group CODEPINK and the co-founder of the human rights group Global Exchange, told DeSmog. 'It is another terrifying example of how our violent interventions abroad come home to haunt us in the form of repression and violation of our civil rights.”
The North Dakota Bureau of Criminal Investigation and the Private Investigation and Security Board are also conducting parallel investigations to the one recently completed by Morton County. TigerSwan did not comment on questions posed about their contract.

The post Security Co. Running Dakota Access Pipeline Has Ties to U.S. Military in Iraq and Afghanistan appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
North Dakota had nearly 300 oil pipeline spills in less than two years, none of which were reported to the public.
From January 2012 – September 2013, these pipeline spills were just a part of approximately 750 'oil field incidents” that took place in the state without the public's knowledge, according to a report by The Associated Press . It's estimated that around 4,328 barrels worth of oil were spilled in this period. 
In an another case, a break in a Tesoro Corp. pipeline resulted in approximately 20,600 barrels of oil spreading over an area the size of seven football fields. Officials claimed that no wildlife or water sources were harmed by the spill, which apparently led them to conclude that the public did not need to be notified.
The only incident in which the public was notified was an instance in which an oil truck was involved in a collision in 2012.
While many of these spills were relatively small and arguably had little environmental impact, landowners expressed outrage that they were kept out of the loop. North Dakota Department of Mineral Resources director Lynn Helms said that they didn't want the public to become 'overwhelmed by little incidents.”
However, landowners like wheat farmer Louis Kuster said it is 'absolutely important for us to know” if spills of any kind occur, particularly given his livelihood's reliance on the health of his land. Even a single barrel of spilled oil has the potential to ruin water sources and acres upon acres of valuable cropland.
'Right now, you don't know if there is a spill unless you find it yourself,” Kuster said.
While the release of AP's report ultimately led to more regulations obliging the public release of reported oil spills, including an online database of spills accessible to the public , this history of secrecy provides a troubling context for the Sioux Tribe's distrust of the DAPL pipeline construction.
The Sioux Tribe says that the pipeline 'threatens the Tribe's environmental and economic well-being, and would damage and destroy sites of great historic, religious, and cultural significance to the Tribe.”
In a tense standoff with heavily armed police forces, dozens of protesters – referring to themselves as peaceful water protectors – were arrested today for demonstrating against the construction of the pipeline on what police say is private property.
Nathan Wellman is a Los Angeles-based journalist, author, and playwright. Follow him on Twitter: @LightningWOW 
H/t http://usuncut.com/news/north-dakota-292-oil-spills-2-years-officials-disclosed-1-public/ 
The existence of an officially listed endangered species, a small butterfly called the Poweshiek Skipperling ( Oarisma poweshiek ) , with federally designated Critical Habitat areas in North Dakota's McKenzie County, has been flagged by activists as possibly relevant to challenging the pipeline permit. ( More species info ).
The endangered Poweshiek Skipperling (Oarisma poweshiek). Photo via US Fish and Wildlife Service, by Gerald Selby 
Nine other endangered species present in McKenzie County are referenced in the US Army Corps of Engineers documents , but not the Poweshiek Skipperling.
According to the US Fish and Wildlife Service, two 'units' of Critical Habitat lie near the Missouri River in McKenzie County. Along the entire pipeline route, residents fear erosion and runoff problems (including many Iowa farmers), but there is no mitigation mentioned in official documents for the butterfly's sensitive, federally protected areas in McKenzie County.
Besides bulldozing areas near protected species' enclaves, private capital has brought with it private agents of violence to impose its will. Controversial private security forces involved with violently forcing aside pipeline opponents include 10 Code LLC , based in nearby Bismarck, ND. The shocking attack dogs unleashed on Indigenous water protectors including a child and pregnant woman
RELATED BREAKING: The NEW Election FEC Violation That Should End Clinton's Campaign . Russia Trolls The U.S., Offers A 'Helping Hand” In Overseeing Elections Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post North Dakota had 292 oil spills in 2 years officially disclosed 1 to the public appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

The debut album by Cahill vs. Kalma is an extremely ambitious, experimental and emotionally powerful album recorded in NYC between 2013 thru 2016. The album has a wide array of musical styles including pop, hard rock, gypsy jazz, new wave & more. The concept album's story focuses on dualism found in nature and the world, life vs. death, robots vs. humans, analog vs. digital, acoustic vs. electric, Cahill vs. Kalma.
Cahill vs. Kalma now available on CD , iTunes , Google Play , Amazon and more. 

Purchase a physical CD using your credit card or PayPal:
????LL v§. K?LM? Produced by Dave Cahill & Brian Herman Engineered, Mixed & Mastered by Brian Herman Dave Cahill vocals, guitar, bass, synth & noise Brian Herman guitar, drums, bass, synth & noise Alex Radus backing vocals on tracks 1, 2, 6 & 8 Andy Janowiak drums on tracks 3, 5, 6, 8, & 10 Dallas Vietty accordion on track 3 Music written by Dave Cahill & Brian Herman Lyrics written by Dave Cahill Album artwork by Dennis Gatz Recorded sporadically between 2013 to 2016 SMT Studios NYC & Treefort Recording in Brooklyn ©2016 Dave Cahill & Brian Herman The post Cahill vs. Kalma Debut Album Available Now! appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

The debut album by Cahill vs. Kalma is an extremely ambitious, experimental and emotionally powerful album recorded in NYC between 2013 thru 2016. The album has a wide array of musical styles including pop, hard rock, gypsy jazz, new wave & more. The concept album's story focuses on dualism found in nature and the world, life vs. death, robots vs. humans, analog vs. digital, acoustic vs. electric, Cahill vs. Kalma.
Cahill vs. Kalma now available on CD , iTunes , Google Play , Amazon and more. 

Purchase a physical CD using your credit card or PayPal:
Cahill vs. Kalma Produced by Dave Cahill & Brian Herman Engineered, Mixed & Mastered by Brian Herman Dave Cahill vocals, guitar, bass, synth & noise Brian Herman guitar, drums, bass, synth & noise Alex Radus backing vocals on tracks 1, 2, 6 & 8 Andy Janowiak drums on tracks 3, 5, 6, 8, & 10 Dallas Vietty accordion on track 3 Music written by Dave Cahill & Brian Herman Lyrics written by Dave Cahill Album artwork by Dennis Gatz Recorded sporadically between 2013 to 2016 SMT Studios NYC & Treefort Recording in Brooklyn ©2016 Dave Cahill & Brian Herman The post Cahill vs. Kalma Debut Album Out Now! appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
A month ago, this writer told you about an ongoing conflict within the FBI that was validated by online and personal sources concerning the outcome of the Clinton investigation. Now it's been revealed that the FBI has been flooded with resignations letters by disenfranchised agents ever since Comey decided last July not to indict Hillary Clinton. Comey's now attempting to save face has reopened the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private server claiming that the FBI has now found an additional 650,000 email messages on Anthony Weiner's laptop, ten thousand of which were found were in a folder called 'Life Insurance.” Things are boiling up for the Clinton campaign, what an October surprise!
10,000 new emails found on Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner's computer and phones. They were in a file marked "Life Insurance". #Corruption 
— Morgan Brittany (@MorganBrittany4) October 29, 2016 

Weiner is under investigation for sending sexually explicit pictures and material to a 15 year old girl and it drags Hillary's campaign and chances of presidency with it..
Huma Mahmood Abedin, recently divorced from Weiner, has worked with Hillary Clinton since 1996, where she began as a white-house intern She quickly grew her political career to the position of vice chairman of the Hillary campaign.
What could be found on Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner's laptop?
A source has a guess at what may potentially be found on Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner's computer: Huma's long-speculated ties to the Muslim Brotherhood , something that U.S. Representative Michele Bachmann asserted in 2012 when she accused Huma Abedin of being a mole for the Muslim Brotherhood . Bachmann then said during a live broadcast interview that 'the infiltration of our government is much wider than anyone expected.”
'It appears that there has been deep penetration in the halls of our United States government by the Muslim Brotherhood,” Bachmann stated during a radio interview. 'It appears that there are individuals who are associated with the Muslim Brotherhood who have positions, very sensitive positions, in our Department of Justice, our Department of Homeland Security, potentially even in the National Intelligence Agency.” 
~U.S. Representative Michele Bachmann, said.
Huma actually hasn't been shy about her potential connection to the brotherhood, earlier in 2016 she confirmed that her Muslim Brotherhood-connected mother Saleha Mahmoud Abedin was proud of her .
Saleha Mahmoud Abedin was identified in 2011 as one of 63 suspected leaders inside the Muslim Sisterhood. 
Well we are about to truly find out what was on the laptop of Huma Abedin as the FBI as of Sunday filed for the warrant needed to begin looking through the emails.
Again my source asserts that, 'Huma Abedin was copying emails and printing them and she was labeled a threat by the FBI in it's own report about the Clinton investigation.” 
Huma herself said in an interview this week with a podcast that she has yet to read the emails she exchanged with her longtime boss, Hillary Clinton, but that she is 'mortified” by what may be in them.
'Terrifying,” is how Abedin described the existence of the records in the public domain during an interview on the 'Call Your Girlfriend” podcast.
'I confess I have not read anything that has become public,” Abedin, said.
Comey has jumped on this chance to right his wrongs, seizing an opportunity to save his own career and reputation as well as the FBI's reputation which, according to a source, has been tarnished. Agents are not happy about the outcome and conduct of the former Director, including some agents that have decided enough is enough and are resigning in droves .
The FBI director has been embroiled in an inside fight against his own agents worried about internal leaks. Comey said it himself in his reasoning for announcing the re-opening of the Clinton email investigation.
Ex-FBI Assistant Director of New York, James Kallstrom weighed in on Comey's actions calling the Clintons a crime family . Kallstrom also acknowledged the fact that agents were rebelling within the ranks including senior agents. 
'The agents are furious with what's going on, I know that for a fact,”
'The Clintons, that's a crime family. It's like organized crime, basically. The Clinton Foundation is a cesspool,” 
~former FBI, assistant director, James Kallstrom , said.
Kallstrom additionally told Fox's Judge Jeanine Pirro, 'I think there is something happening, I think something big is going to happen,” when confronted with the question on why Comey chose 2 weeks before the election to announce the re-opening of an investigation, politicizing the investigation.

Kallstrom made sure to not leave out that it was the higher power of the FBI to blame and not the field agents who were involved in the overall investigation into the Clintons server.
Meanwhile several FBI field offices and U.S. attorneys are busy investigating and collecting evidence on the Clinton Fraudation. The investigation backed by none other then the Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Preet Bharara, who is also investigating Anthony Weiner, who authorized the warrants for the devices to be seized. That means that Preet Bharara is behind both cases on the Clintons – the investigation into the Clinton Fraudation , in which Bharara is leading NY, DC, and Texas branches of the FBI's investigation into the Clinton's long time fraud vehicle the 'Clinton Foundation”. The Clinton Fraudation investigation was started when Terry Mccauflife was linked to the Clintons and the Chinese mob .
Wikileaks has proven that the Clinton foundation is basically a large money-laundering operation sprinkled with a bit of fraud thanks to Doug Band. Although hacked documents can't be used for prosecution the new Wiener emails may be identical copies of Huma's emails that have been leaked in Wikileaks releases, and if it's true that she printed out copies she could face charges. Additionally there may be evidence of pay-to-play in Huma's emails as well as fraud, or potentially her ties to the Muslim Brotherhood. We will have to wait to see; stay tuned to WeAreChange for your coverage and analysis of the most eventful election cycle in American history. If what the birds are chirping is true. Is there anything that won't happen in this election?
#WikiLeaks : Clinton aide details $50M in payments for @BillClinton and how business was mingled with the @ClintonFdn https://t.co/0jhYJkDT0x 
— Chad Livengood (@ChadLivengood) October 27, 2016 

Judge Jeanine : 'So he wouldn't have come out unless he knew it was coming out?”
James Kallstrom: ' Well, I think he couldn't hold onto it any longer. OK. Because who knows? Maybe the locals would have stepped in on this.”
Judge Jeanine: ” …I think he had to do it.”
 
 
The post FBI Rebels, Huma Abedin 'Insurance File” Found On Seized Laptop 10,000 EMAILS appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
On the 50th anniversary of the Free Speech Movement, its hypocrisy is exposed 
November 2013 : Berkeley student government unanimously passes a bill to ban the term 'illegal alien” from campus discourse.
September 2013 : After several Mexican-American members of the campus fraternity Delta Chi suggest hosting a quinceanera-themed party, the student government condemns the frat for 'appropriating the culture” of Mexican-Americans.
December 2012 : Citing their 'disapproval” of the viewpoints espoused by the second largest charity in the Unites States, the Berkeley student government passes a bill to boot Salvation Army donation boxes from campus, arguing the charity's presence on campus creates a hostile and uncomfortable environment. 
September 2011 : Berkeley's student government unanimously passes a bill condemning disrespectful speech.
And on Friday, as UC Berkeley students and faculty wrapped up a week-long celebration to mark the 50th anniversary of its Free Speech Movement, the UC Berkeley College Republicans illustrated to our peers how the university has actually turned its back on the First Amendment.
To that end, club members stood in front of Sproul Hall holding a large banner that read 'Free Speech [does not equal] Comfortable Speech” – and it got students' attention, as the positive platitudes they'd heard all week about the movement were vehemently challenged.
According to the Berkeley College Republicans, the true essence of the Free Speech Movement has been lost in recent decades. The ideals of the movement have been discarded, replaced with notions such as tolerance and civility.
In the 1960s, students broke out from within the constraints of the status quo. They said the things parents and professors and peers were telling them not to. Today, and especially on the Berkeley campus, conservative students are the ones taking a stand, and yet we're maligned and ostracized for it.
In the aftermath of the Berkeley College Republicans' 2011 'Diversity Bake Sale,” the student government attempted to have the club de-funded due to the argument that the speech the club engaged in was disrespectful and uncomfortable.
Free speech, huh?
Our display on Friday intended to bring to light the many breaches of free speech that have taken place on campus, sponsored by organizations such as the student-body government at UC Berkeley.
Alongside the banner, club members passed out fliers containing a list of incidents in which campus leaders limited various students' right to exercise their personal liberties.
The flier also attacked the campus for its recent movement to discontinue the exchange of academe between the UC system and Israeli universities, another example of UC Berkeley silencing any communication and discourse that may offend or upset some individuals.
There is a strange perversion of free speech taking place on this campus. It's perfectly acceptable to occupy campus buildings and create pinatas out of the UC president's image, but that's only because the individuals in question fall under one school of thought. As soon as someone different comes along, and stirs the pot, they're pointedly silenced.
Throughout the day, our club passed out hundreds of fliers and displayed our sign from the morning until late into the afternoon. Students came up and asked questions, and many seemed interested in the cause. Others were shocked to learn about the many times their campus – the birthplace of the Free Speech Movement – had overtly suppressed open dialogue.
'The people I talked to seemed to agree with the point our message was trying to get across,” said Edward Saenz, a member of the Berkeley College Republicans. 'No one I talked to believed that free speech should have stipulations tied to it.” 
College Fix contributor Claire Chiara is a student at UC Berkeley and president of the Berkeley College Republicans. 
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter 
IMAGES: Courtesy of Berkeley College Republicans
RELATED: 
Student protesters at the University of California-Berkeley gathered in front of a bridge on campus and forcibly prevented white people from crossing it. Students of color were allowed to pass. 
The massive human wall was conceived as a pro-safe space demonstration. Activists wanted the university administration to designate additional safe spaces for trans students, gay students, and students of color. They were apparently incensed that one of their official safe spaces had been moved from the fifth floor of a building to the basement. 
According to video footage of the protest, demonstrators blocked off the bridge completely. Students who needed to get to class had no choice but to cross the stream by jumping from rock to rock. Dozens of people can be seen doing so. 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Berkeley College Republicans Call Bullsh*t on Free Speech Celebrations appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Pennsylvania Law Would Ban Naming Police Officers Involved in Shootings For 30 Days The bill sailed through the legislature, still needs governor's signature. 
Pennsylvania lawmakers overwhelmingly approved a new bill last week—heavily backed by state and national police unions, including the Fraternal Order of Police—which would forbid the public release of the names of officers involved in shootings of civilians for 30 days, or until an internal police investigation is completed. The penalty for violating the government-wide gag order would be a second misdemeanor charge, however, exemptions would be made for the Attorney General and district attorney's offices.
The bill sailed through Pennsylvania's House 151-32 and 39-9 in the Senate, with a significant amount of Philadelphia-area lawmakers voting against it, according to Philly.com . Gov. Tom Wolf (D) still needs to sign the bill to make it law, but he has made no public indication of whether or not he will do so.
The bill was introduced by Rep. Marina White (R) as a means of providing officers involved in shootings 'basic protection from threats” After voting in favor of the bill, Rep. Dominic Costa (D) declared, 'We are the protectors of our protectors.”
Last year, then-Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey changed the department's long-standing policy of releasing officers' names whenever it felt it was appropriate to limiting the delay to a maximum of 72 hours. Ramsey was quoted by NPR as saying, 'I don't think you can shoot someone and expect to remain anonymous…and I do think that we have a responsibility as a police agency that work[s] for the people to provide that information, unless there are some extenuating circumstances.” If the bill becomes law, it would supersede Philadelphia's more transparent policy.
Writing of the proposed bill, the Cato Institute's Jonathan Blanks noted:
Current Pennsylvania law is bad enough as it is. Authorities already have the discretion to release or withhold the names of officers involved in use-of-force incidents. Without a timetable for release of officers' names, the process to get to the bottom of what happened can be a very lengthy one.
Transparency is also a problem for the Pennsylvania State Police , which makes public very little information about its officer involved shootings, nearly all of which are ruled justified.
Photo Credit: Flickr/Savannah River Site
Anthony L. Fisher is an Associate Editor for Reason.com. Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Pennsylvania Law Would Ban Naming Police Officers Involved in Shootings For 30 Days appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this video Luke Rudkowsk covers the breaking news of new John Podesta Wikieaks revelations highlighting the illegal behavior by Hillary Clinton . We talk a bit about about the FBI and DOJ investigation of Huma Abedin but mainly focus on what Julian Assange is releasing right now. For more coverage of this don't forget to vote with your dollar on https://www.patreon.com/wearechange and support real independent media.
Sources http://i.imgur.com/AfIeirb.gifv 
https://www.theguardian.com/commentis… 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/artic… 
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/… 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1tLF… 
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa… 
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11… 
http://money.cnn.com/2015/08/20/techn… 
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/… 
http://archive.is/jrugc 
https://i.sli.mg/oCL7t5.png 
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/… 
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10… 
https://twitter.com/GunterGSharp/stat… 
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11… 
http://dailycaller.com/2016/08/25/hil… 
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c… 
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/ 
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a… 
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange 
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange 
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store 
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate 
-We take BITCOIN too-
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP 
The post FORGET THE FBI: TOP 3 CRIMINAL SCANDELS RELEASED BY WIKILEAKS NOW appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
The Democratic National Committee has filed a lawsuit against the Donald Trump campaign, state Republican parties, and Roger Stone's 'Stop the Steal” group — asking the court to bar 'citizen journalists” from the polls.
A Bernie Sanders delegate at the DNC in July.
'The campaign of Donald J. Trump, Trump's close advisor Roger J. Stone, Jr., Stone's organization Stop the Steal Inc., the Ohio Republican Party ('ORP'), and others are conspiring to threaten, intimidate, and thereby prevent minority voters in urban neighborhoods from voting in the 2016 election,” the lawsuit claims.
In reality, Stop the Steal is simply planning to have volunteers conduct their own exit polls outside of polling stations. Despite their never having mentioned targeting minorities, or intimidating anyone, multiple outlets picked up the Democrat's version story after Stop the Steal announced their effort.
'The Clintons had to cheat and rig the system to steal the Democratic nomination from Bernie Sanders. Why wouldn't they try to steal the election from Donald Trump?” Stop the Steal's website states. They are calling for 'targeted EXIT-POLLING in targeted states and targeted localities that we believe the Democrats could manipulate based on their local control, to determine if the results of the vote have been skewed by manipulation.”
Democratic outlets such as the Huffington Post and Media Matters have posted breathless articles claiming that exit-polling, which is conducted by every major media outlet, is somehow intimidation if done by an organization that favors the Republican candidate.
'Trump and Stone appear to be of like minds when it comes to deploying citizens to the polls on Election Day to watch other citizens vote. Trump regularly encourages his mostly white supporters to stand guard on Election Day at polling stations in areas where the population is largely made up of minorities and 'watch' the polls,” the Huffington Post wrote.
The article the quoted Trump himself, where he makes absolutely no mention of targeting minority voters.
'You've got to go out, and you've got to get your friends, and you've got to get everyone you know,” they quoted Trump saying at a rally in Pennsylvania, 'and you've got to watch your polling booths. I hear too many bad stories, and we can't lose an election because of, you know what I'm talking about.”
 spoke to Jack Posobiec of Stop the Steal to learn more about their efforts, and the lawsuit.
'Our exit polling plan is very simple, we are going to dress in neutral, non-partisan clothing and request voters take the survey after they are finished voting. We are using the same types of questions that the AP uses regarding how someone voted, their top election issues, and asking their demographic info. The only difference is we are going to focus on one party rule precincts that have been reported to have irregularities in the past, such as in inner city Philadelphia,” Posobiec explained.
When asked to clarify whether or not they intend to campaign, or harass, voters before they enter the polls, Posobiec stated that is not their intention.
'We are only talking to people after they have completed voting, and will be dressed in neutral clothing. We also requested our volunteers to not wear Red, as there is a large movement of Trump supporters to wear red on election day, and we want to remain neutral,” he explained.
Posobiec then referenced the infamous case of the New Black Panther Party actually intimidating voters , with weapons, in 2008. Many believed that the case was mishandled before being dropped.
'I was involved in filming the Black Panthers dressed in black military clothing swinging billy clubs at white voters in Philadelphia in 2008, so I am very surprised our neutral exit polling plan would be seen as 'intimidation' by the Democrats,” he continued.
Justice officials who served in the Bush administration argued that the department had enough evidence to pursue the case, and that it was dropped for political reasons.
'Holder's officials argued that the Voting Rights Act of 1965 did not apply to white people, only for minorities,” Posobiec stated. 'In retrospect, this was the first sign that Obama would politicize the DOJ. Explains why they blocked the FBI from investigating the Clinton Foundation, or sending 100 FBI agents to Ferguson.”
When asked if they would be fighting the lawsuit, Posobiec stated that they absolutely will be.
'We absolutely are. These tactics were used against Citizens for Trump to shut down our rally in Cleveland in July, and we received the aid of the ACLU and won in court,” he said.
In the lawsuit, the DNC asks the court to 'declare that defendants' 'exit polling' and 'citizen journalist' initiatives are contrary to law,” and bar them from encouraging anyone to do so, or from doing it themselves.
'They are fighting scrutiny from independent citizens, but our elections are the fundamental cornerstone of American democracy, and should be held to the highest standard possible,” Posobiec stated. 'Given the depth of collusion we have seen between mainstream media and establishment partisan political operatives this election through Wikileaks, we need citizen journalists and independent exit polls more than ever now.”
During the primaries, there were unprecedented discrepancies between the exit polling and actual counted votes — always in Clinton's favor.
'They cheated the debates, they cheated Bernie, so its perfectly reasonable to be concerned they would cheat in November,” he concluded.
Posobiec also stated that they are in no way coordinating with the Republican National Committee or the Trump campaign.
The post DNC Files Lawsuit to Bar Citizen Journalists From the Polls appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

On October 28, Tesla unveiled its new solar roof tiles. Few of us in attendance, if any, realized the solar roofing tiles were actual functional solar panels until Elon Musk said so. Sure, it's a neat trick, but what's the big deal?
Why does it matter that Tesla is making a fashion statement when the point is green power and a future where we aren't so dependent on fossil fuels?
I've heard from some people suggesting that this is nothing new, because of other similar previous projects, including Dow Chemical's canned solar shingle project , for example. Others are wary of Tesla's ability to sway consumers with a solar solution that sounds like it'll still be quite expensive in terms of up-front (or, with payment plans, deferred but net) installation costs. Still others aren't clear on Tesla's goals with this product, or how it fits into the company's overall strategy relative to its electric vehicles.
Looks matter It's easy to dismiss the aesthetic import of how Tesla's tiles look, but it's actually important, and a real consideration for homeowners looking to build new homes or revamp their existing ones. The appearance of the tiles, which come in four distinct flavors (Textured Glass, Slate Glass, Tuscan Glass and Smooth Glass) is going to be a core consideration for prospective buyers, especially those at the top end of the addressable market with the disposable income available to do everything they can to ensure their home looks as good as it possibly can.
As with other kinds of technologies that are looking to make the leap from outlier oddity to mainstream mainstay, solar has a hurdle to leap in terms of customer perception. Existing solar designs, and even so-called attempts to make them more consistent with traditional offerings like the above-mentioned Dow Chemical project, leave a lot to be desired in terms of creating something that can be broadly described as good-looking.

It's like the VR headset — Oculus and Google can make claims about their use of fabric making their headsets more approachable, but both are still just options somewhere along the curve of things with niche appeal. Neither is very likely to strike a truly broad audience of users as acceptable, and neither are solar panels that don't succeed in completely disguising themselves as such.
Halo effects Tesla has been referred to as the Apple of the automotive world by more than a few analysts and members of the media, and if there's one thing Apple does well, it's capitalize on the so-called 'halo effect.” This is the phenomenon whereby customers of one of its lines of business are likely to become customers of some of the others; iPhone buyers tend to often go on to own a Mac, for instance.
For Tesla, this represents an opportunity to jump-start its home solar business (which it'll take on in earnest provided its planned acquisition of SolarCity goes through) through the knock-on effects of its brisk Tesla EV sales, including the tremendous pre-order interest for the Model 3. It's strange to think of halo effects with big-ticket items, including vehicles and home energy systems, but Tesla's fan base shares a lot of characteristics with Apple's, and because they're already purchasing at the level of an entire automobile, the frame of reference for what constitutes a valid halo purchase is actually appropriate.

Tesla, like Apple, scores well with customer satisfaction and brand commitment, and that's something that no one trying to sell a solar home energy system at scale can match. As strange as it sounds, 'buying a roof because you like your car” might be the new 'buying a computer because you like your phone.”
Benefits beyond basic solar Tesla's solar tiles claim to be able to power a standard home, and provide spare power via the new Powerwall 2 battery in case of inclement weather or other outages. Musk says that the overall cost will still be less than installing a regular old roof and paying the electric company for power from conventional sources. But Musk's claims about the new benefits of the new solutions don't end there.
Tesla's tiles will actually be more resilient than traditional roofing materials, including terra-cotta, clay and slate tiles. That's because of the toughness of the glass used in their construction, according to Musk, who demonstrated the results of heavy impact from above, using a kettlebell as you can see in the video below.
This should make them theoretically more resistant to potential damage from elements like hail, or even debris like fallen tree branches. In fact, Musk also said at the event that the roofs should far outlast the standard 20-year life cycle common for roofing materials used today — by as much as two or even three times. Fewer roof tile replacements means more value, provided that's not already factored into his estimates of the up-front cost.
There's also the possibility that the new tiles could become more efficient than existing solar panel options. Though in their current form, Musk says they achieve 98 percent of the efficiency of regular panels. He said that the company is working with 3M on coatings that could help light enter the panel and then refract within, letting it capture even more of the potential energy it carries to translate that into consumable power.
A new kind of ecosystem The announcement of Tesla's solar tiles does not guarantee a sweeping solar power revolution; far from it, since Tesla says it won't start installing the product in any consumer homes until next year, and a lot can happen between now and then. But Musk also said with full confidence that he ultimately expects the Powerwall to outsell Tesla cars, and easily so.
Solar roofing, Powerwall and Tesla cars taken together represent a new kind of ecosystem in consumer tech, one that carries a promise of self-sufficiency in addition to ecological benefits. Tesla has already tipped its hand with respect to how it intends to make vehicle ownership a revenue generator for its drivers, rather than a cost center. You can see how it might eventually do the same for solar power using solar tile roofs combined with Powerwalls installed in series, giving homeowners surplus power generation and storage with a few different potential options for monetizing the excess (including, say, acting as a supercharger station for other Teslas, or selling back to the grid).
It's tempting to look at Tesla's unveiling last week and think that it's more of an incremental development in the home solar industry. But it's more likely a step toward a future where individuals have more direct control over power generation, leading to a big difference in how we think about renewable energy.
Source; https://techcrunch.com/2016/10/31/why-teslas-new-solar-roof-tiles-and-home-battery-are-such-a-big-deal/# 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Why Tesla's new solar tiles and home battery are a big deal appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

By David Armiak and Mary Bottari 
The Koch network has mobilized in South Dakota to defeat the ' South Dakota Accountability and Anti-Corruption Act ,” a state-wide initiative on the ballot November 8.
The anti-corruption measure, Initiated Measure 22 or IM-22, was launched by a bipartisan group called the South Dakotans for Integrity and put on the ballot with signatures from over 20,000 state residents.
IM-22 cracks down on dark money and phony industry front groups by barring candidate coordination with outside groups and regulating independent expenditures. It cracks down on sham 'issue ads,” which are really the functional equivalent of express advocacy, by requiring them to be reported electronically within 48 hours, requiring donor disclosure and requiring the top five donors to be disclosed on air. The initiative also provides a small dollar public financing mechanism, sets rules for lobbyists and gifts and creates an ethics commission to investigate violations of ethics and campaign finance rules.
The measure is one of four on ballot nationwide that seek to increase transparency in the financing of elections in a post-Citizens United world. In 2010, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Citizens United v. FEC to strike down limits on 'independent” political spending, which opened the floodgates for billions in dark money into elections nationwide.
If passed, South Dakota voters may finally have some way of knowing who is bankrolling those big money ads and before the election too.
Koch's Americans for Prosperity Behind 'Defeat 22” Group The Kochs are bankrolling the group working to defeat the initiative.
According to its statement of organization filing , Defeat22.com was founded by Ben Lee, the state director for the Koch's astroturf group Americans for Prosperity , on July 1, 2016. The group promotes itself as a coalition, listing its 18 'partners” on its website including AFP, the South Dakota Chamber of Commerce & Industry, and the different GOP organizations, among others. But, a campaign disclosure filed on Friday with the South Dakota Secretary of State tells another story.
Of the $609,110 raised by Defeat22.com so far, $590,000 came from AFP. The next largest contribution of $1,500 from the SD Farm Bureau Federation was even dwarfed by AFP's total in-kind contributions of $36,756 .
The opposition to IM-22 is led and organized by AFP. Chad Krier, AFP's South Dakota Field Director, who has organized many of the campaign events to answer questions and solicit volunteers. AFP also appears to have tapped into its staff network to not only phone bank, but also go door to door to urge voters to Vote No on IM-22. Defeat22.com has send out mailings , placed radio ads , and put up billboards .
The Kochs are battling the measure because 'the Kochs see IM-22 as a threat to the dominance the millionaires and billionaires have under the [current] political system,” says former Republican State Senator and co-chair of South Dakotans for Integrity Don Frankenfeld. The Kochs have been battling weaker donor disclosure laws in California in court for years.
And Koch allies in other states are lending a hand.
A right-wing Floridan think tank has been helping out the Defeat IM-22 forces. The Foundation for Government Accountability (FGA) has set up an 'educational” website, Measure22.org , where it published poll results from 478 South Dakotans that demonstrates opposition to the measure in the state. The website operates under the name FGA Action, Inc., a 501(c)(04) that shares an address with FGA and lists its contact as Jonathan Bechtle , the COO and General Counsel at FGA.
The site also hosts two videos which are unsupportive of the measure, one produced by FGA Action, Inc. and another by UnitedforPrivacy.com. UnitedforPrivacy.com is the website for People United for Privacy, an SPN backed group that states , 'To change our laws to subject people to the chilling effects of having their privacy invaded and their personal information compiled in government databases and Google searches is not they way our democracy should operate.”
FGA is a member of the State Policy Network (SPN) , a right-wing web of 'think tanks” in 48 states, which has been working hard to convince the public that the 'free speech” rights of millionaires and billionaires are harmed by campaign finance disclosure laws. Both SPN and FGA are largely funded by the Donors Capital and Donors Trust investment vehicles utilized by the Koch network.
The amount of money spent by FGA Action, Inc. and People United for Privacy against IM-22 is unknown because both groups have yet to file disclosures.
The Kochs Protest 'Taxpayer Funded Elections” The Kochs are attacking the anti-corruption measure for its creation of a small dollar publicly funded campaign finance system, which will give each registered voter two $50 vouchers that she can contribute to the candidate of her choosing if the candidate agrees to only fundraise from small donor South Dakotans. AFP argues in its Defeat22.com radio ad and mailings that this system will 'divert” public tax dollars from roads and schools–an interesting line of attack from the anti-government Kochs which have opposed taxes for roads in states like Wisconsin.
In state, the Kochs protest 'taxpayer funded elections.” 'Don't let politicians take your tax dollars to fund their campaigns” is the Koch spin. Their preference is to put millionaires and billionaires in charge of campaigns and elections.
Nationally, Ben Lee is taking a different approach. In a recent opinion piece in Forbes , Lee trots out the Koch line that the ballot measure is a 'full-on assault on the First Amendment cloaked in the guise of transparency.” The Kochs might believe that their right to bankroll politicians secretly is written into the constitution, but super majorities of average citizens–both Democrats and Republican—disagree and the popularity of campaign finance transparency and limits continues to rise .
The widespread support for IM-22 is best demonstrated by South Dakotans for Integrity's financial disclosure submitted on Friday with attachments that list over 6,000 donations for a total of over $1.2 million. More than 99% of contributions were for $100 or less. The good government advocacy organization Represent Us provided $55,079 in in-kind contributions to South Dakotans for Integrity.
If IM-22 passes on November, it will put the brakes on secret political spending by AFP, the Kochs, and others pulling the strings in South Dakota. But, more significantly, if the law succeeds in setting up a campaign finance system that is more responsive to all citizens, not just the wealthy, it could become a model for other states to follow.
And this is precisely what the Kochs fear.
Two other two ballot measures promoting transparency and clean elections are Proposition 59 in California and Amendment 2 in Missouri. 
Source; PR Center for Media and Democracy. 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Koch Brothers Battle to Prevent Dark Money Disclosure in South Dakota appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Iraqi Army Discovers US-Made Missiles in ISIS's Military Base in Mosul 
Iraqi army and popular forces have discovered a number of US-made missiles from a military position of the ISIS (ISIL, IS, Daesh) in the Southern part of Mosul, informed local sources disclosed after the first group of pro-government troops opened their way into Southern Mosul on Monday. 'Several US-made missiles were found in al-Shoura region to the South of Mosul,” a local source said on Monday.
The Iraqi army and popular forces had found US-made missiles in Anbar province several times before.
Provincial officials confirmed that the US-made weapons were sent by the US-led anti-ISIL coalition airplane for the ISIL terrorists in Anbar province.
Meantime, Iraqi security officials announced that the ISIL has sent US-made military equipment to Tal Afar region in the last two days to stand strong against Iraqi popular forces' impending attack to capture the region.
'The ISIL terrorists have sent US-made TOW anti-tank missiles to Tal Afar and it is quite evident that they are preparing for a long-term war,” the Arabic-language media quoted an Iraqi security official as saying on Monday.
In late August 2015, a senior Iraqi intelligence official revealed that the US helicopters drop weapons and other aids for the ISIL terrorists in the Western province of al-Anbar.
'The fighters present at the forefront of fighting against the ISIL always see US helicopters flying over the ISIL-controlled areas and dropping weapons and urgent aids for them,” the official who called for anonymity told FNA. 
Yet, he said the helicopters could have also been sent from Turkey or Israel.
He added that in addition to dropping aids, the helicopters transfer the ISIL ringleaders and wounded members from the battleground to some hospitals in Syria or other countries which support the terrorist group.
The official cautioned that such assistance further prolongs the conflicts in Anbar, adding that when the Iraqi army and popular forces purge the terrorists from Anbar province, the US helicopters will transfer the ISIL ringleaders to other regions to prevent the Iraqi forces' access to ISIL secrets.
Also in March 2015, a group of Iraqi popular forces known as Al-Hashad Al-Shabi shot down the US Army helicopter that was carrying weapons for the ISIL in the Western parts of Al-Baghdadi region in Al-Anbar province.
Meantime in February 2015, a senior lawmaker disclosed that Iraq's army had shot down two British planes as they were carrying weapons for the ISIL terrorists in Al-Anbar province.
'The Iraqi Parliament's National Security and Defense Committee has access to the photos of both planes that are British and have crashed while they were carrying weapons for the ISIL,” al-Zameli said. 
SA – 12 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Iraqi Army Discovers US-Made Missiles in ISIS's Military Base appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
A GoFundMe campaign to crowd-source a modest $5,000 to cover the cost of basic needs of those camping out in protest of the Dakota Access Pipeline has raised over $1.3 million since it launched in April.
Dakota Access Pipeline Protest
'It still feels unreal sometimes because it is such an astronomical figure to me,” said Ho Waste Wakiya Wicasa, the protester who set up the GoFundMe account, told CBS .
Over 28,000 people have contributed to the GoFundMe over the last six months, with $200,000 being donated last Thursday and Friday alone. The surge in donations came after militarized police arrived to clear out the camp, making mass arrests in the process.
'The money goes as quickly as it comes, but without it having been as much as it is, we certainly wouldn't have been able to be as productive as we have been in the fight,” Wicasa continued.
As of Sunday, 412 people have been arrested on various protest related charges, ranging from engaging in a riot, criminal trespassing, and conspiracy to endanger by fire.
The campaign is one of several, which have collectively raised over $3 million in total to help with food, supplies, and legal expenses.
'Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear today,” Dave Archambault II, the chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux, said in a statement. 'We have repeatedly seen a disproportionate response from law enforcement to water protectors' nonviolent exercise of their constitutional rights.”
In another effort this week, over 1.3 million people checked in to the Standing Rock Indian Reservation on Facebook. The goal was reported to have been throwing off law enforcement officials who were tracking protesters on social media, though the effectiveness of that is questionable. What the effort did do however, was spark many conversations and spread awareness of a very large and effective scale.
The costs for preparing for winter are not cheap however — and the account setup for donations to Wicasa's GoFundMe had just $100,000 left as of Friday.
'The money has been used for grocery store trips every two days that cost about $2,000 each, 20 yurts purchased for $160,000, and around $7,000 for bail money. It has also paid for a storage area, composting toilets, tiny houses, tepees, a medical area and generators powered by solar panels and wind,” CBS reported.
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe is suing the US federal government to stop construction of the 1,160-mile pipeline. They claim that tribal administration was not consulted, even though the pipeline runs through tribal lands, and that it endangers the water of millions of people.
The pipeline will transport some 450,000 barrels of oil per day across the Missouri River — which provides the water for eighteen million people — meaning a leak would be absolutely catastrophic.
The post Dakota Access Protesters Try to Raise $5K, Bring in Over $1.3 Million appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Early Wednesday morning, Two Iowa police officers were ambushed and shot and killed in two separate ambush style attacks.
Police from Urbandale and Des Moines departments responded to a report of gunfire at the intersection of 70th Street and Aurora Avenue at approximately 1:06 a.m according to local news DesmoinesRegister. 
Officers have not yet identified a suspect or suspects in the shootings and have not identified the deceased officers that were murdered.
One unnamed officer was found dead by fellow officers in Urbandale, at the intersection of 70th Street according to a press conference by Police Sgt. Paul Parizek.
Following by a second officer found in Des Moines, Merle Hay Road both roads and surrounding roads are closed off.
Both officers were gunned down in their squad cars.
Video has emerged of one of the crime scenes at 70th and Aurora.
The scene of the first shooting at 70th and Aurora where an officer was found shot early Wed morning. Some officers in combat gear here. pic.twitter.com/SJEUY4B3gh 
— Brian Powers (@bpowersphoto) November 2, 2016 

Police Sgt. Paul Parizek addressed the press and citizens of Iowa stating there is a clear and present danger if you're a police officer. He believes the shootings were targeted.
'There's literally a clear and present danger if you're a police officer,”
~Police Sgt. Paul Parizek, said.
'I don't even know where to begin on how bad this year is but this is what we do. We come in day in and day out, we go out there and provide the same level of service regardless of what's going on in our personal and professional lives.”
~Police Sgt. Paul Parizek, said.
Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad released this statement Wednesday, morning.
'An attack on public safety officers is an attack on the public safety of all Iowans. We call on Iowans to support our law enforcement officials in bringing this suspect to justice. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the police officers who were tragically killed in the line of duty as well as the officers who continue to put themselves in harm's way.”
~Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad, said, in a statement.
https://twitter.com/TerryBranstad/status/793773450670198785?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
Condolences started pouring in on twitter from all over including the Orlando police department's twitter account which tweeted out – 'Our hearts are broken for @ DMPolice @ UrbandalePolice – an officer from each agency shot & killed in ambush attacks in their cars overnight.”
Our hearts are broken for @DMPolice @UrbandalePolice – an officer from each agency shot & killed in ambush attacks in their cars overnight. https://t.co/d29JxiBGjX 
— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) November 2, 2016 
Our thoughts and prayers go out to @UrbandalePolice and @DMPolice officers and their families. pic.twitter.com/4ksZakXk1E 
— Ames Police (@AmesPolice) November 2, 2016 

(THIS IS DEVELOPING STORY WE WILL UPDATE AS MORE INFORMATION BECOMES AVAILABLE.)
 
 
 
 
The post AMBUSH! Two Iowa Police Officers Dead Man Hunt Underway appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In the latest newly released Project Veritas video, James O'Keefe and crew have exposed a disturbing racism inside the Democratic party. Benjamin Barber, one of Hillary Clinton's major donors, said 'Blacks are seriously fucked in the head” for helping 'the other side.”
In the video, a Project Veritas journalist talks to Benjamin Barber i nside a Democrat fundraiser for North Carolina U.S. Senate candidate Deborah Ross. In the video, Barber compared black people voting for Republicans to Sonderkommandos Jews who helped kill other Jews for the Nazis.

'Have you heard of the Sonderkommandos? Jewish guards who helped murder Jews in the camps. So there were even Jews that were helping the Nazis murder Jews! So blacks who are helping the other side are seriously fucked in the head. They're only helping the enemy who will destroy them. Maybe they think 'if I help them we'll get along okay; somehow I'll save my race by working with the murderers.'”
Deborah Ross also makes comments about black voters being less likely to vote if an ID law was passed requiring voters to provide a form of identification.
'Republicans know that African Americans are less likely to have the ID so they won't vote.” – Democratic Senate candidate D eborah Ross. 
In another segment of the video the Project Veritas journalist says 'so it's like they are voting against their own self interest?” to both Benjamin Barber and Leah Barber.
Both responded agreeing with the journalist's statement.
'It doesn't make any sense, You're voting against your self interest. In the name of change, what is the change that they want to see.” – Leah Barber
Project Veritas showed the comments made by Benjamin Barber and U.S. senate candidate Deborah Ross to several prominent black Americans who were all absolutely disgusted by the comments.
'Wow, so that's what they think of us? I'm speechless. For the most part it's wrong, it's an eye opener but that's what happens when we as blacks vote for one party,” Robert Foster said after seeing the video.
Pastor William Cooper weighed in when questioned if he was betraying his race as an African American voter voting for a Republican.
Cooper responded 'absolutely not I think I'm benefiting my race by voting against the Democrat party that takes the African American vote for granted. They don't offer us anything.”
Bishop Patrick Wooden added his frustration and disgust saying, 'I think that Deborah Ross has showed her true colors, if that's not racism and condescending and basically calling blacks stupid and ignorant and saying we're voting against our own self interest if we support any Republican I am appalled.”
Pamela Wooden expressed her disappointment saying she 'considered it an insult to see those accusations and hear that type of discussion is insulting to me as an African American.”
Finally, John Amanchukwu said that 'It's not just dark money, it's racist and evil money filled with venom and you can look at his eyes in the video and you can see there's a rage there and there's a deep seeded resentment of African Americans.”
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The post Video Exposes Hillary Donor: 'Blacks Are Seriously Fucked in The Head” appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Actress and activist Susan Sarandon formally endorsed the Green Party presidential candidate, Dr. Jill Stein, on Wednesday.

In a letter explaining her endorsement, published on Stein's website , the former Bernie Sanders supporter listed eleven reasons that she could not support Hillary Clinton. 
Her letter of endorsement reads as follows: 
Dear Jill and team, 
I've been waiting for any indication that Hillary Clinton's position on the issues that are most urgent to me, has changed. But … 
She does not support the $15 minimum wage. She shows no support for legalizing marijuana. She supports TPP. She has sold fracking and Monsanto. She supports offshore drilling. She has no position on the Dakota Access Pipeline. She opposes the labeling of GMOs. She opposes the breakup of big banks. She takes lobbyists' money for campaigning. She opposes a binding climate treaty. She supports unconditional military aid to Israel. I'm therefore very happy to endorse Jill Stein for the presidency because she does stand for everything I believe in. 
It's clear a third party is necessary and viable at this time. And this is the first step in accomplishing this end. 
Fear of Donald Trump is not enough for me to support Clinton, with her record of corruption. 
Now that Trump is self-destructing, I feel even those in swing states have the opportunity to vote their conscience. 
Susan Sarandon 
The actress has been outspoken over her concerns about Clinton's track record since early on in the primary season. Six months ago, she even publicly asserted that Clinton is 'more dangerous” than the Republican nominee. 
'I believe in a way she is more dangerous,” Sarandon told The Young Turks. 'They're both talking to Henry Kissinger apparently late … She did not learn from Iraq, and she is an interventionist, and she has done horrible things and very callously, I don't know if she is overcompensating or what her trip is. But that scares me. I think we'll be in Iran in two seconds. It frightens me.” 
She explained that while the media force feeds us fear of Trump to justify a Clinton vote, the former Secretary of State seems to get a pass on her disastrous policies. 
'This is what we're fed,” Sarandon continued. ''He's so dangerous, he's so dangerous,' but seriously I am not worried about a wall being built, he is not going to get rid of every Muslim in this country. Has he made it the norm to be racist and to vent these kind of un-American things? Yes. But seriously, I don't know what his policy is. I do know what her policies are. I do know who she is taking money from. And I do know that she is not transparent, and I do know that nobody calls her on it,” she said. 
The post Susan Sarandon Formally Endorses Jill Stein, Slams Clinton Corruption appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Published on Nov 2, 2016 In this video Luke Rudkowski breaks down the latest election news as we talk about confirmed Hillary Clinton cover ups and disinfo on the internet that is muddying the waters. We go over the serious scandals and how they need to be addressed and how to get away from speculation. Vote with your dollar and support our efforts destroying the msm on https://www.patreon.com/wearechange 
Sources
http://www.theepochtimes.com/n3/21803… 
https://vault.fbi.gov/vincent-foster 
https://scontent-ort2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/… 
https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/c… 
https://twitter.com/FiveRights/status… 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKQ59… 
https://twitter.com/avanconia/status/… 
https://twitter.com/FBIRecordsVault/s… 
https://twitter.com/zachhaller/status… 
https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/c… 
https://twitter.com/FBIRecordsVault/s… 
http://imgur.com/WzYf68D 
http://truepundit.com/breaking-bombsh… 
https://twitter.com/johncardillo/stat… 
http://observer.com/2016/11/breaking-… 
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/… 
https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/c… 
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10… 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/artic… 
https://twitter.com/jasoninthehouse/s… 
https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/c… 
https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange/s… 
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/… 
http://observer.com/2016/11/this-elec… 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/artic… 
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c… 
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/ 
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a… 
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange 
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange 
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store 
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate 
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP 
The post The Three Massive Cover Ups By Clinton That Need To be Stopped NOW ! appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this video Luke Rudkowski covers the latest Hillary Clinton scandals with the FBI finding 650,000 emails through Anthony Weiner's crimes. We start at Donna Brazile's tweet asking 'god” to 'let end this” publicly as the FBI has just announced its warrant for the newly found emails. Don't forget to keep this operation going invest in us on http://wearechange.org/donate/ sources
https://twitter.com/donnabrazile/stat… 
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/… 
http://money.cnn.com/2016/10/31/media… 
https://twitter.com/foxandfriends/sta… 
https://twitter.com/Michael_Murphy/st… 
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10… 
http://www.thewrap.com/hillary-clinto… 
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/fbi-ob… 
https://twitter.com/WSJ/status/792807… 
http://townhall.com/tipsheet/mattvesp… 
http://theblacksphere.net/2016/10/wei… 
http://ipatriot.com/nypd-saves-country/ 
http://nypost.com/2016/09/21/cuomo-we… 
http://redstatewatcher.com/article.as… 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/artic… 
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2… 
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/05/13/… 
http://www.dailywire.com/news/5749/bo… 
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/… 
http://dailycaller.com/2016/10/18/exp… 
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c… 
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/ 
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a… 
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange 
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange 
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store 
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate 
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP 
The post HILLARY CLINTON'S TOP MINION TWEETS 'Please God, let this end soon” appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Supporters of Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump joined forces to disrupt a Hillary Clinton rally in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, on Tuesday evening — causing the former First Lady to snap.
Pro-Trump heckler escorted out of Hillary rally by police. Goes out shouting "Trump 2016" pic.twitter.com/d3GQjSFHHz 
— Jeff Poor (@jeff_poor) November 2, 2016 

In the video, a protester is heard shouting 'Bill Clinton is a rapist,” before a weak chant of 'Hillary” begins from her low-energy crowd. This lead to groups chanting 'Donald Trump” and other groups chanting 'Bernie Sanders.” 
In the video, as the Gateway Pundit notes, you can hear a Clinton supporter telling security, 'there's a whole bunch of them.” 
Hillary Clinton gets protested in Ft Lauderdale by #Trump Street Team and others yelling Bill Clinton's a Rapist @charlespm777 @o_soflagrl pic.twitter.com/Cr9lBPNvwe 
— Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) November 2, 2016 

As this was going on, Clinton appeared to reach her limit and snap. 
HILLARY LOSES IT! Goes Off On 'Bill Clinton Is a Rapist' Protester at FL Rally #HillaryForPrison screech voice?? pic.twitter.com/S6mkxvPSTh 
— J.C. (@Hashtag1USA) November 2, 2016 

The candidate began taking shots not at her opponent, but his supporters, you know, the ones she has also called 'irredeemable” and 'deplorables.” 
'I get sometimes a little overwhelmed by the fact that I love this country,” Clinton shouted. 'I think we already are great. I think we could be greater, and, you know, I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and behavior of people who support Donald Trump. It is time for us to say, 'No, we are not going backwards. We are going forward into a brighter future.' So how do we do that? For the next seven days, we focus on what is important, do not get distracted or diverted – focus on the kind of country and world that we want to help create.” 
She also urged her supporters to stage an 'intervention” for anyone who would dare to vote against her corruption and frighteningly hawkish stance. 
'I want you to do me another favor, if you know anybody who says they are thinking of voting for Trump, I want you to stage an intervention,” Clinton said. 'And I want you to talk to this person because unless they are a billionaire who avoided paying taxes for 20 years and lost a billion dollars running casinos, they do not have anything to gain from Donald Trump.” 
It's funny, since it seems to be only her billionaire friends who benefit from her being in any position of power — just ask the people of Haiti . 
Buy the new  t-shirt because you will enjoy shredding the Clinton News Network in public!

The post Clinton Snaps as Bernie and Trump Supporters Join Forces to Disrupt Rally appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
 
This graphic, courtesy of The Atlantic, highlights the disparity in flight hour costs for various aircraft in the US fleet. 
LUZERNE, Mich. – Officials say a mechanical failure is believed to have caused the release of six training bombs and a training missile from a military plane over Michigan's northern Lower Peninsula.
No one was injured due to the release, which WWTV and WPBN report happened Oct. 25 over Oscoda County.
The training weapons were on a plane heading to Camp Grayling from Selfridge Air National Guard Base in suburban Detroit when they fell off.
Lt. Col. Matthew Trumble, director of the Camp Grayling Air Gunnery Range, says it's a 'rare” situation.
The Guard says the missile was non-explosive and the six training bombs can release smoke so that pilots can see where they land.
In a bizarre end to a military exercise, that ended with training bombs accidentally falling from the sky, as a group of fighter jets heading to Camp Grayling from Selfridge were forced to turn around when they realized a rack of training munitions on one had reportedly accidently fell off.
The Michigan National Guard says the bombs and missile were found near Luzerne.
Learn More:
http://www.9and10news.com/story/33576… 
http://www.local10.com/news/training-weapons-inadvertently-fall-from-plane-in-michigan 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Fighter jets drop training bombs on northern Michigan appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Physicists say they may have evidence that the universe is a computer simulation. How? They made a computer simulation of the universe. And it looks sort of like us.
A long-proposed thought experiment, put forward by both philosophers and popular culture, points out that any civilization of sufficient size and intelligence would eventually create a simulation universe if such a thing were possible.
And since there would therefore be many more simulations (within simulations, within simulations) than real universes, it is therefore more likely than not that our world is artificial.
Now a team of researchers at the University of Bonn in Germany led by Silas Beane say they have evidence this may be true.
In a paper named 'Constraints on the Universe as a Numerical Simulation' , they point out that current simulations of the universe – which do exist, but which are extremely weak and small – naturally put limits on physical laws.
Technology Review explains that 'the problem with all simulations is that the laws of physics, which appear continuous, have to be superimposed onto a discrete three dimensional lattice which advances in steps of time.” 
Read also: Scientists Believe They Have Discovered A Parallel Universe That Interact With Our World! 
What that basically means is that by just being a simulation, the computer would put limits on, for instance, the energy that particles can have within the program.
These limits would be experienced by those living within the sim – and as it turns out, something which looks just like these limits do in fact exist. For instance, something known as the Greisen-Zatsepin-Kuzmin, or GZK cut off, is an apparent boundary of the energy that cosmic ray particles can have. This is caused by interaction with cosmic background radiation. But Beane and co's paper argues that the pattern of this rule mirrors what you might expect from a computer simulation .
Naturally, at this point the science becomes pretty tricky to wade through – and we would advise you read the paper itself to try and get the full detail of the idea.
But the basic impression is an intriguing one.
Like a prisoner in a pitch-black cell, we may never be able to see the 'walls' of our prison — but through physics we may be able to reach out and touch them.
WATCH WHAT ELON MUSK SAYS ON THIS SUBJECT: The post Physicists Leak Evidence That Supports Elon Musk's Theory – The Universe Is A Simulation appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Russian scientists claim they've found the remains of a secret Nazi base on a remote island in the Arctic Circle.
The discovery of more than 500 Nazi artifacts on an island called Alexandra Land has led the team to believe it was the site of a long-rumored base known as Schatzgraber, or 'Treasure Hunter”, which was built on direct orders from Adolf Hitler.
Schatzgraber was a mysterious Arctic weather station that was built in 1942 after Hitler invaded Russia.
Its construction – and abandonment – was documented in the 1954 German book Wettertrupp Haudegen , but no one had ever found physical evidence that it existed until now, and it's often dismissed as a war-time myth.
According to the written record, Schatzgraber was serviced from 1943, but was abandoned a year later in July 1944, after the staff at the site ate under-cooked polar bear meat that was contaminated with round worm and poisoned themselves.
The soldiers were rescued by a German U-boat, but the base was abandoned after that, and to this day, no one is entirely sure what the point of the base was, or, until now, where it had been located.
A team of Russian scientists from the Russian Arctic National Park came across more than 500 relics on Alexandra Land – a remote, uninhabited island north of Russia.
Google Maps 
The artifacts include discarded petrol canisters, bullets, ruins of bunkers, shoes, and a batch of paper documents that have apparently been well-preserved by the island's icy climate.
These relics haven't been made public as yet, but the team says they're dated and marked with the swastika, providing evidence the island was the location of the mysterious Schatzgraber.
Yulia Petrova/Russian Arctic National Park 
To be clear, this link still needs to be verified, and without further analysis of the documents and artifacts found on the island, we can't say for sure whether it was home to the Nazi base. But the evidence is now on its way back to Russia for further analysis, and will be put on display for the public soon.
'Earlier [Schatzgraber] was only known from written sources, but now we also have real proof,” said a senior researcher at the National Park, Evgeny Ermolov .
Russian Arctic National Park via Ruptly 
'Now we can enter this data in the scientific revolution, and, referring to the evidence, to expand and clarify the idea of the German army operations in the Arctic region during the Second World War,” added team member Eugene Yermolov. 
(Note: quotes have been translated from Russian). 
The discovery is particularly interesting, because there are people who believe that the site's name, which translates to 'Treasure Hunter”, suggests the Nazi base wasn't just a weather station, but part of a secret mission to find ancient relics.
No, they weren't looking for the Tesseract (you guys have been watching too many Marvel movies), but archaeological evidence that Nordic populations once ruled the world to justify their propaganda.
Although there were research institutes in Nazi Germany pursuing that goal, there's currently no evidence that this was happening at Schatzgraber. But hopefully thorough analysis of the written documents found at the site will provide some more insight into what went on up there in the Arctic Circle during WWII.
Alexandra Land has been a disputed territory for decades, but is now part of the Russian Federation, and Russia apparently has plans to build its own permanent military base in the region.
Let's just hope they've learnt their lesson, and stay away from polar bear meat.
You can see national park researchers exploring the site in the footage below: Source: http://www.sciencealert.com/russian-scientists-say-they-ve-discovered-a-secret-nazi-base-in-the-arctic 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Russian scientists say they've discovered a secret Nazi base in the Arctic The Nazi stronghold in the Arctic Circle. appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Intelligence agencies are running al-Qaeda camps in North Africa?— UN consultant (EXCLUSIVE) New evidence points to a Western cover-up of Algerian state sponsorship of Islamist jihadists, to protect oil and gas interests By Nafeez Ahmed 
An unpublished report by a government advisor and UN consultant, obtained exclusively by INSURGE intelligence , accuses Western and Algerian security services of complicity in al-Qaeda terrorist activity across North Africa.
The academic report focuses on damning evidence that a devastating al-Qaeda terrorist attack on the Tigantourine gas plant near In Amenas, Algeria, was orchestrated by Algeria's secret services, with the knowledge of US, French and British intelligence.
A draft copy of the report, due to be published later this month, has been seen exclusively by INSURGE intelligence . 
Escalating instability in North Africa is being blamed on the re-emergence of an offshoot of al-Qaeda?—?al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM). Despite French military efforts, the group is re-consolidated in northern Mali, and has orchestrated terror strikes from Burkino Faso to the Ivory Coast.
Yet the new draft report by a UN consultant, prepared by the International State Crime Initiative (ISCI) at Queen Mary University of London, uncovers remarkable evidence that the Phoenix-like return of AQIM is thanks to the unwavering covert support the terror group receives from one of the West's staunch allies in the 'war on terror': Algeria.

Terror ties The as-yet unpublished report highlights evidence of such support from the In Amenas attack between 16 and 20 January 2013, which resulted in the deaths of 39 foreign nationals, including three Americans, six Britons, five Norwegians, and one French.
The Tigantourine gas plant is operated jointly by BP, Norway's Statoil and the Algerian state-owned Sonatrach, producing 12% of Algeria's natural gas.
Algeria's In Amenas gas plant (Reuters) The attack was the single largest terrorist killing of 'Westerners' since the London bombings of 7 July 2005.
The Queen Mary University of London report is authored by social anthropologist Professor Jeremy Keenan of the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), University of London.
Keenan, who has authored over 200 peer-reviewed scholarly articles and six books on the Sahara-Sahel region, is an advisor on regional security issues to NATO, the US State Department, the EU, the UN, the British Foreign Office, and international oil companies.
The report reveals startling evidence that the attack was secretly organised by the DRS, Algeria's notorious secret intelligence service. The idea was to convince Algeria's Western allies to continue supporting the regime's domestic and regional counter-terrorism programmes, amidst growing international scepticism about their success.
Algeria's DRS maintained intimate ties with the terrorists behind the In Amenas attack, many of whom have been longstanding agents of the Algerian security services, the report says.
US, British and French intelligence services are aware of these connections, but are covering them up to protect their considerable oil and gas interests in the country.
Among the report's most alarming revelations is that over the last decade, Algeria's DRS has run a secret al-Qaeda training camp in the Tamouret region, with the knowledge of Western government security agencies.
Al-Qaeda camp?—?run by Algeria's secret state Over several years, Prof Keenan obtained direct eyewitness evidence from locals about the secret al-Qaeda camp in Tamouret, including from an AQIM member who trained there.
Its purpose is to recruit, indoctrinate and train marginalised youth from across North Africa into committing atrocities in Algerian communities?—?after which they would usually be executed.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) fighters in a propaganda video filmed in the Sahara (Wikipedia Commons) According to Keenan's eyewitness sources, the camp was visited almost daily 'by high-ranking army and DRS officers… including General Rachid 'Attafi' Lallali, the head of the DRS' External Security Directorate (DDSE).”
The camp was also directly supplied with arms and ammunition from Algerian army depots.
Detailed information on the identities of camp recruits, including DNA data, was routinely shared with Western intelligence agencies according to sources familiar with the camp.
Trainee terrorists at Tamouret were schooled in sniping and throat-slitting. The camp was provided with a continual supply of prisoners?—?mostly criminals and dissenting soldiers?—?purely for the purpose of being killed during training.
Over a seven month period, one eyewitness said, about 180 murders had taken place at the camp during such routine practice sessions.
In Amenas?—?a DRS operation Keenan's report for the International State Crime Initiative points to disturbing evidence of Algerian intelligence services' direct sponsorship of al-Qaeda terror.
On 27 August 2015, senior DRS commander General 'Hassan” Abdelkader Aït Ouarabi was arrested by Algerian authorities. The arrest was based on allegations from three terrorists captured at the In Amenas gas facility, who claimed they had received arms from General Hassan.
On the same day as Gen Hassan's arrest, the US Director of National Intelligence (DNI), James Clapper, flew into Algiers for high-level government meetings.
The FBI had also been given access to the three terrorists making these allegations before July 2013.
Corroborating this information, the report refers to the testimony of former DRS captain, H. Haroune, and a former captain and instructor in the Special Forces under DRS command at the time, A. Chouchan. The two former DRS operatives have claimed that 'General Mediène [then DRS chief] ordered the attack on In Amenas (presumably planned to be a hostage-taking mission that the army would resolve as it did at Gharis in 2003).”
What did BP know? Astonishingly, the report reveals that before the attack, BP and Statoil had a three year contract with a transport services company, BAAT SARL, owned by Mohamed Ghadir, the brother of al-Qaeda terrorist Abdelhamid Abou Zaïd?—?the head of AQIM in the Sahara, and chief of the DRS-run AQIM training camp at Tamouret.
At the London inquest last year, BP was never questioned about this contract, despite it involving a company tied to the very al-Qaeda group that attacked the gas plant.
In the years preceding the attack, Keenan himself?—?in his capacity as a security consultant?—?repeatedly warned BP that the facility would be attacked by Islamist terrorists with the covert support of the Algerian government.
Keenan suggests that BP's inexplicable lack of concern about the matter was because the firm had been given security assurances from Algerian or Western authorities that AQIM would not attack the plant.
BP did not respond to request for comment. 
Gary Rose, an emergency response advisor who worked at the In Amenas facility, said that BP's onsite security 'was incredibly poor and relied totally on the untested and unknown capabilities of the Algerian military.” Rose narrowly avoided the attack having left the site two days earlier.
Rose, who gave evidence at the London Inquest, was especially damning about BP's approach. The firm 'did nowhere near enough to protect the facility, even with the most basic and credible scenarios in their own emergency response plans…
'The risk assessment process was flawed, inadequate and done from a view of process safety not human safety. Physical security was constantly breached by the local staff and was out of direct expatriate control, the physical barriers and warning/protection systems were wholly inadequate. I know exactly what systems we did and did not have, and management on site were aware of all the failings too. After the fall of Libya there should have been a massive review of security, but instead we handed over more control to poorly trained Algerian security guards. We were all aware of bandits and arms trafficking in the desert regions but were just relying on the Algerian military to manage this, maybe by force or maybe by negotiation?” 
According to Rose, the most appropriate way of dealing with the risk would have required abandoning the site to conduct a full review and reinforcement.
But shutting down and abandoning the facility, or any other such facilities, 'was never an option due to the huge amount of revenue and European reliance on external hydrocarbons: it's economy over safety and that's how the petroleum industry works.”
Complicity in Algeria's reign of terror The draft report by Queen Mary University's ISCI refers to recent revelations from Habib Souaïdia, a former Algerian army officer.
According to Souaïdia:
'… he had been informed by many of his former colleagues [in the Algerian Special Forces] that the leaders of some of the jihadist groups sowing terror in Tunisia 'take their orders from Algiers.'” 
In 2015, Tunisia experienced two major terrorist attacks, in which a total of 61 civilians were killed by gunmen with ties to Algeria.
Souaïdia reported that mobile phones and SIM cards of AQIM jihadists killed in Tunisia's Mount Chaambi border area, obtained by the Tunisian army, 'revealed their communications with DRS officials in Algiers, including their phone numbers and even their nicknames.”
In late 2013, the information about the SIM cards was handed over to US intelligence, which demanded Algeria's army chiefs put a stop to the support for jihadists in Tunisia. But, Keenan says, a related US concern was to prevent information on the DRS' dealings with terrorists falling into the public domain:
'The reason for that was because US intelligence services and the DRS had been working together as close allies in the so-called war on terror since 2002 and would inevitably, and quite correctly, be seen as having been complicit in whatever 'false-flag' and other such questionable operations had been conducted by the DRS since 2002.” 
The AQIM-backed insurgency in Mali was also being supported by Algeria's intelligence services. A Nigerian military officer told Keenan that AQIM forces in Mali were being supplied food and fuel by the DRS.
Throughout the DRS' sponsorship of regional al-Qaeda terrorist activity, the US, Britain and France have worked closely with the very same DRS on regional 'counter-terrorism'?—?despite being privy to damning intelligence on Algeria's double-game.
Algerian soldiers The Clinton files Direct confirmation of high-level US knowledge of the Algerian regime's relationship with the terrorists behind the In Amenas attack came from emails leaked from Hillary Clinton's private server, published by Wikileaks in March 2016.
An email dated 17 January 2013 to Clinton from her aide Sidney Blumenthal, noted that the alleged leader of the In Amenas attack, AQIM terrorist Mokhtar Belmokhtar [MBM], had a secret agreement with Algerian intelligence. Under the agreement, Belmokhtar would pursue al-Qaeda destabilisation operations in Mali and the Western Sahara:
'According to sources with access to the Algerian DGSE [the DRS], the Bouteflika government reached a highly secret understanding with Belmokhtar after the kidnapping in April 2012 of the Algerian consul in Gao (Mali). Under this agreement Belmokhtar concentrated his operations in Mali, and occasionally, with the encouragement of the Algerian DGSE, attack Moroccan interests in Western Sahara, where the Algerians have territorial claims.” 
Mokhtar Belmokhtar was also, according to Keenan's eyewitness sources, in charge of logistics for the al-Qaeda training camp in Tamouret, which he visited every two weeks.
Hillary Clinton A further email dated 19 January 2013 from Blumenthal to Clinton reported that French intelligence had learnt from a source 'with access to the highest levels of the Algerian army” that:
'… officers of the Algerian DGSE [DRS] are looking to secretly meet Belmokhtar or one of his lieutenants in northern Mauritania in the immediate future. They have been ordered to find out why Belmokhtar violated their two-year-old secret agreement and launched attacks inside Algeria.” 
There is no evidence that such a meeting actually took place, suggesting that the DRS was not really interested in finding the answer.
In any case, Clinton forwarded Blumenthal's email to Robert Russo, her assistant in the US Department of State?—?which means the US government was aware of the agreement between AQIM's Belmokhtar and Algerian intelligence.
Keenan points out that these emails must be placed in context with the evidence that the DRS itself had sponsored the In Amenas attack in the first place:
'We therefore had a situation in which the presidency, the army high command and, most likely, western oil companies, knew there was a secret agreement with MBM not to attack installations within Algeria. The DRS, which would have been the agency that made the deal with MBM, would have assured the presidency and army command that such an agreement had been made. What neither the presidency, army nor foreign oil companies knew, although they may have suspected, was that they had effectively been double-crossed by the DRS.” 
In either case, it seems that the State Department was aware that Algerian intelligence was sponsoring Islamist terror across North Africa.
When asked what the State Department did with the information it had received via Hillary Clinton, a spokesperson, Pooja Jhunjhunwala said:
'As a matter of policy, the Department of State does not comment on materials, including classified documents, which may have been leaked.” 
However, when asked about the State Department's position on public record evidence of Algerian intelligence support to jihadists supplied by Prof Keenan?—?who has previously consulted on regional security issues for the State Department?—?she simply declined to comment.
Cover-up? Much of this information was passed on by Keenan to the London Inquest into the attack on the Tigantourine gas plant. Yet the Inquest, which delivered its verdict in February 2015, excluded this evidence from the proceedings. Keenan himself was blocked from giving evidence at the Inquest.
The Addendum to the Queen Mary University report includes the full text of a letter dated 30 April 2015 sent by Prof Keenan to Detective Constable William Wixey of the SO15 Counter Terrorism Command, summarising his available evidence.
Keenan's letter offered to provide access to multiple witnesses, two of whom would be non-Algerian citizens, who would expose the leader of the In Amenas attack as an 'agent” of Algeria's secret intelligence service.
On 13 May, DC Wixey replied to Keenan's letter to explain that the Coroner's office was 'of the view that they do not wish to take this matter further at this stage.”
The Metropolitan Police failed to respond to a request for comment on the decision to block Keenan's evidence from the Inquest.
In addition to blocking Keenan's evidence, the British government used Public Interest Immunity?—?the withdrawal of information on grounds of 'national security'?—?to suppress the disclosure of key documents at the Inquest on what the government knew, and when.
The use of Public Interest Immunity was 'very suspicious,” London Inquest witness Gary Rose said:
'Now we are not able to know what is being withheld and there is little that can be done about that.” 
In his report for Queen Mary University, Prof Keenan concludes that the government had sought not only to cover up 'its own incompetency with regard to the FCO”, but also to avoid questions about the government's 'possible complicity in [Algerian] state crimes.”
The government's goal was to withhold any information alluding to British intelligence collusion with the DRS, including evidence that MI6 had been 'complicit in activity that could be construed as criminal.”
In the absence of a further inquiry, there seems little prospect that the questions Keenan raises will be answered by officialdom. Yet his forthcoming report goes some way toward uncovering the real reasons that the threat of terrorism is escalating in North Africa.
Dr. Nafeez Mosaddeq Ahmed is an award-winning 15-year investigative journalist, international security scholar, bestselling author, and film-maker. 
He is the creator of INSURGE intelligence , a crowdfunded public interest investigative journalism project, 'System Shift' columnist at VICE, and a weekly columnist at Middle East Eye. He is Global Editor at The Canary . Previously, Nafeez wrote The Guardian's 'Earth insight' blog. 
His work has been published in The Guardian, VICE, Independent on Sunday, The Independent, The Scotsman, Sydney Morning Herald, The Age, Foreign Policy, The Atlantic, Quartz, The New Statesman, Prospect, Le Monde diplomatique, Raw Story, New Internationalist, Huffington Post UK, Al-Arabiya English, AlterNet, The Ecologist, and Asia Times, among other places. 
Exclusive stories broken by Nafeez via INSURGEintelligence have been covered by USA Today, Global Post, The Guardian, The Independent, Washington Post, The Metro, The Week, News Corp's news.com.au, Discovery News, Channel 4 News, Forbes, Columbia Journalism Review, Gigaom, FutureZone, among others. 
In 2015, Nafeez won the Project Censored Award for Outstanding Investigative Journalism for his Guardian story on the energy politics of the Ukraine crisis. The previous year he won another Project Censored Award, known popularly as the 'Alternative Pulitzer', for his Guardian article on climate-induced food crises and civil unrest. 
In 2010, Nafeez won the Routledge-GCPS Essay Prize for his academic paper on the 'Crisis of Civilisation' published in the journal Global Change, Peace and Security. He also won the Premio Napoli (Naples Prize) in 2003, Italy's most prestigious literary award created by decree of the President of the Republic. 
Nafeez has twice been featured in the Evening Standard's 'Top 1,000' list of most influential people in London, in 2014 and 2015. 
Nafeez is the author of A User's Guide to the Crisis of Civilization: And How to Save It (2010), and the scifi thriller novel ZERO POINT , among other books. His work on the root causes and covert operations linked to international terrorism officially contributed to the 9/11 Commission and the 7/7 Coroner's Inquest. 
This story is being released for free in the public interest, and was enabled by crowdfunding. I'd like to thank my amazing community of patrons for their support, which gave me the opportunity to work on this story. Please support independent, investigative journalism for the global commons via www.patreon.com/nafeez , where you can donate as much or as little as you like. 
Al Qaeda Africa Military Foreign Policy Terrorism Further Source Material – Insurge-intelligence Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Western Intelligence Agencies are Running al-Qaeda Camps in North Africa appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

Scientists may have made a significant breakthrough in restoring human sight, as a woman who had been blind for seven years has regained the ability to see shapes and colors with a bionic eye implant. The 30-year-old woman had a wireless visual stimulator chip inserted into her brain by University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) surgeons in the first human test of the product. As a result, she could see colored flashes, lines, and spots when signals were sent to her brain from a computer.
View image on Twitter The woman, who wished to remain anonymous, suffered no significant adverse side effects in the process, according to a statement.
The device, which was developed as part of the Orion 1 program by Second Sight, uses technology to restore sight by bypassing the optic nerve to stimulate the brain's visual cortex, according to chairman Robert Greenberg.
It is designed for those who cannot benefit from the Argus II retinal system that was unveiled at Manchester Royal Eye Hospital last year, but has limited application, as it depends on the patient having some retinal cells.
This new system goes one step further by sending signals directly to the brain. It has the potential to restore sight to those who have gone completely blind for virtually any reason, including glaucoma, cancer, diabetic retinopathy, or trauma, according to the manufacturer.
The next step is to connect the implant to a camera on a pair of glasses, and the company plans to seek FDA approval in 2017 to get the go ahead to conduct these trials.
UCLA neurosurgeon Nader Pouratian, who implanted the stimulator, said the results of the surgery are promising.
'Based on these results, stimulation of the visual cortex has the potential to restore useful vision to the blind, which is important for independence and improving quality of life,” he said. 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post New bionic eye implant connects directly to brain, allowing blind woman to see shapes & colors appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

Australian nurses and midwives who promote anti-vaccination to patients and the public will now be subject to prosecution, the Nursing and Midwifery Board of Australia has announced.
The tough new stance on anti-science statements comes in response to reports of a 'small number” of practitioners who have been promoting anti-vaccination statements on social media.
'Midwives and nurses are highly regarded and trusted members of society, and people take their advice very seriously,” Hannah Dahlen, a professor of midwifery at the University of Western Sydney and the spokeswoman for the Australian College of Midwives, told The Guardian. 
'I agree that they have a very serious obligation to provide the best available evidence, and it is of course concerning that some are taking to social media in order to express a position not backed by science.” 
According to new regulations, all reports of anti-vaccination statements will now be investigated.
If the nurse or midwife is deemed to have breached their professional obligation to promote scientifically backed health advice, they could face having their ability to practise medicine restricted.
Serious cases will be referred to an industry tribunal, where harsher penalties such as having their registration suspended or cancelled could apply.
'The board is taking this opportunity to make its expectations about providing advice on vaccinations clear to registered nurses, enrolled nurses and midwives,” the organisation said in a statement.
'The board expects all registered nurses, enrolled nurses and midwives to use the best available evidence in making practice decisions.”
The harsher stance on anti-vaccination messaging follows Australia's recently enforced 'No Jab, No Pay” law, which came into effect on 1 January 2016.
The policy states that you can 'conscientiously object” to immunising your kid based on philosophical, religious, or 'I read things on the Internet” reasons, but doing so means the government can withhold family payments worth up to $15,000 every year.
Families receiving the Australian government's Child Care Benefit, Child Care Rebate, and the Family Tax Benefit (FTB) were given three months to get their kids' immunisations up to date to ensure that their payments would continue.
Now, 10 months later, Australia's vaccination rates are at an all-time high, with Australian Medical Association president, Michael Gannon, reporting that 6,000 children whose parents were previously registered as conscientious objectors to vaccination were now fully immunised.
And according to a report released back in August, the immunisation rate for one- and five-year-olds has now reached 93 percent for the first time in the country's history – up from around 90 percent.
'Vaccination rates had fallen to such a historically low level, that we were seeing the re-emergence of diseases that we had been free of for years,” Social Services Minister, Christian Porter, told Matthew Doran at ABC News.
'We were facing a situation where the medical community were telling us that 'herd immunity rates', as they call it, need to be 95 percent, and we were just dropping steadily below that.”
There is one concern about enforcing punishments for anti-science messaging among healthcare professionals though – it will only force the conversation to go further underground.
'The worry is the confirmation bias that can occur, because people might say: 'There you go, this is proof that you can't even have an alternative opinion.' It might in fact just give people more fuel for their belief systems,” Devlin told The Guardian. 
Fears aside, this is a very positive step in actively fighting anti-science messaging among healthcare professionals. Hopefully other countries around the world will follow suit.

Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Australian nurses who spread anti-vaccination messages will now face prosecution appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Political strategist Roger Stone and Alex Jones of Infowars have made it well known to the Clinton campaign that 'Bill Clinton is a rapist” – by sending an army of their followers to heckle the Clintons with well-known accusations that Bill raped Juanita Broaddrick and others while Hillary covered it up.
It took a wild turn yesterday when Hillary exposed herself and her history of anger management issues that several former Secret Service agents assigned to Hillary and White House staffers have detailed.
Hillary Clinton's temper flared Tuesday in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, when a protester interrupted her.
'Bill Clinton is a rapist!” the protester shouted as the audience began to boo him.
Clinton's attitude then changed like a flick of a switch and she became angry exposing that legendary behavior that Secret Service and White House staffers have alleged for years.
'You know, I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive vision from people who support Donald Trump,” she screamed into the mic before the crowds uproar drowned her out.
'We are not going backwards, we are going forwards!” she yelled, pointing at the protester.
'So how do we do that? For the next seven days, we focus on what is important. Don't get distracted. Don't get diverted. Focus on the country and the world we want to help create,” she continued.
The latest greatest craze has taken over Clinton's campaign rallies for the past month since Infowars announced it's contest and even though people are no longer being paid for their 'services,” people continue to protest Hillary's rallies calling Bill Clinton a rapist.
Earlier in October in Detroit, another protester a black man was wearing a Bill Clinton is a rapist t-shirt when Clinton confronted him turned around, and gave a gesture with her left hand extended and called for 'someone” to stage an 'intervention” on the protester. 
While at another rally in October, violent 'Democrats” who support Hillary Clinton beat up another Bill Clinton is a rapist protester . Bill Clinton is a rapist protesters even disrupted Obama's North Carolina Greensboro rally for Hillary Clinton. Here's the best of the Bill Clinton is a rapist protesters prior to October 9th.
Wikileaks has even proven that the Clinton campaign was worried about Bill Clinton being a rapist and they were worried that a comparison would be made between Bill Cosby and Bill Clinton . Dozens of women suspected to be hundreds are alleged to have been raped by Bill Clinton. The latest rape revelation is an ex Arkansas reporter Leslie Millwee claims she was sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton three separate times. 
Buy the new  t-shirt because you will enjoy shredding the Clinton News Network in public!

 
The post 'Bill Clinton Is A Rapist” Protester Makes Hillary Lose Her Mind appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

by Cassandra Fairbanks | Nov 3, 2016 
A New York elementary school has cancelled their mock presidential election after some of the students began to chant the Republican nominee's name. 
Mock debates and elections have long been a staple of children's schooling. I personally have fond memories of 'campaigning” for Ross Perot in second grade. The free exchange of ideas, and arguing your beliefs, has traditionally been an important, and fun, part of growing up. 
Sadly, that tradition appears to be coming to an end, at least at Jericho Elementary School in Centereach, where students will now be holding a mock election to choose their 'favorite school lunch” instead. 
The cancellation of the mock election came after some students were reportedly chanting 'Trump,” and repeating 'negative rhetoric about minorities.” Some of the students had reportedly stated that they did not want Muslims here. 
While some may find that offensive, this is an issue in the world, and in the news. Perhaps a better way to handle it would have been to have a discussion or a debate and allowed students to argue their feelings on the issue — instead of shutting down discussions entirely. 
The school's principal said in a statement that he decided to toss the learning experience aside to prevent minority students 'from feeling uncomfortable.” 
'I mean, kids often repeat what they hear on the TV or the news, but it doesn't mean it's OK,” school principal Glen Rogers said. 'We have a diverse community here. We want all our students to feel valued.” 
Comfortable or not, immigration is an issue in this election, which students should be free to explore and discuss. 
'Some people were getting angry because some people like Trump and some people like Clinton,” Miranda Waters, a fifth-grader at the school told ABC News. 'Some people think Clinton's not good. Some think Trump's not good. So there's a lot of arguments going on, and I don't like that.” 
The discouragement and shaming for discussing political beliefs, and attempting to silence voices which may stray away from what the left deems acceptable, has lead to a generation of college students who believe that they have a right to never be offended — and who are willing to trade free speech to ensure it. Cassandra Fairbanks is a DC-based writer and political commentator who has been published in a range of outlets including Sputnik News, Teen Vogue, TeleSUR, and Bipartisan Report. Join !
ARTICLE

 
Wikileaks has been leaking more emails then we can keep up with but two of the biggest bombshells recently released by the international whistle-blower organization are that the Department of Justice and State Department were in collusion with the Clinton campaign.
The emails show Clinton campaign manager John Podesta being warned by Department Of Justice Assistant Secretary General Peter Kadzik from a non-government email address about Hillary's investigation.
Kadzik wrote to Podesta with the subject line 'heads up,” tipping him off to the investigation into Hillary Clinton on Benghazi.
'There is a HJC oversight hearing today where the head of our Civil Division will testify. Likely to get questions on State Department emails. Another filing in the FOIA case went in last night or will go in this am that indicates it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails,” Kadzik wrote.
Peter Kadzik is also in charge of investigating Huma Abedin's emails. Kadzik was also an attorney for John Podesta and in Podesta's own words he was a ' fantastic lawyer” who 'kept me out of jail.” 
In another bombshell, Podesta made false statements to a grand jury during the investigation into the Monica Lewinsky trial, which Podesta himself summarizes in another leaked email. 
A further revelations about Kadzik is the fact that Peter Kadzik represented Marc Rich as his attorney – the same Marc Rich that Bill Clinton controversially pardoned and the FBI released it's investigation files into on Monday.
If that's not enough Kadzik's son tried to get a job working for the Clinton campaign . Then there is the fact that Kadzik had multiple dinners with Podesta during the email investigation .
These are obvious conflicts of interest here and one that needs to be brought forward.
In another example of collusion between the Clinton campaign and the government's investigation of it's candidate Hillary Clinton, it's been revealed that FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe's wife received $675,000 in political donations from Clinton campaign surrogate Terry McAuliffe's PAC and the Democratic Party of Virginia.

Terry McAuliffe was the person that enabled the FBI to open an investigation into the Clinton Foundation when Terry McAuliffe himself was investigated for corruption .
Other Wikileaks emails show collusion between officials in the U.S. State Department. Two recently leaked emails show that not only was Clinton's campaign tipped off by a DOJ insider but the U.S. State Department colluded with the New York Times the day prior to announcing Hillary's private server.
Lauren Hickey told Clinton aides that then-State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki 'just cleared” a statement to a New York Times reporter. 
'Hi guys – Jen just cleared. She made the highlighted change — just rephrased a line about NARA updates state is undertaking. Yes on your point re records – done below. And yes will let you know — should be in the new few minutes.” – Lauren Hickey.
Additionally an email from Brian Fallon, Clinton's press secretary who used to be the DOJ's director of public affairs until joining Clinton's campaign in April 2015, highlights that Fallon was being leaked information from the DOJ on Hillary Clinton's investigation in the early stages of a status hearing. So what makes you think he didn't get further information? To add to that, again a private non-government email was used to relay this information to Podesta and the rest of the campaign.

'DOJ folks inform me there is a status hearing in this case this morning, so we could have a window into the judge's thinking about this proposed production schedule as quickly as today.”
– Brian Fallon.

What more will be revealed about the inner workings of Clinton's campaign and the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private server? Stay tuned to .
The post WIKILEAKS: Emails Show Clinton Collusion Between State Department And DOJ appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this video Luke Rudkowski covers the breaking news of the obviously likely indictment of Hillary Clinton and the Clinton foundation fot the pay to play scandels. With new information coming from wikileaks, Huma Abedin shared laptop and secret records this is sure making for an interesting election year. For more and to help step up our game to defeat the msm go to https://www.patreon.com/wearechange to invest in us.
Sources
https://i.sli.mg/IYLqtE.gif
https://twitter.com/hashtag/HillaryIn…
https://www.facebook.com/topic/Clinto…
http://www.realclearpolitics.com/vide…
https://twitter.com/ggreenwald/status…
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/…
http://dailycaller.com/2016/11/03/sec…
http://nypost.com/2016/11/03/feds-pro…
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/artic…
http://www.cnn.com/videos/tv/2016/11/…
https://twitter.com/dcexaminer/status…
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2…
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c…
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a…
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP
The post HILLARY CLINTON WILL BE INDICTED BECAUSE OF THE FBI appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
A Virginia principal has outraged humorless parents after he and his secretary dressed up like Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton — with the former First Lady in an orange prison jumpsuit.
The well-executed costumes were worn by Robert E. Lee High School's Principal Mark Rowicki — who dressed as Trump, and the school's secretary Stephanie Corbett — who dressed as Clinton. A photo of the duo was posted to the school's website in a playful album of costumes worn by students and staff.
Principal Mark Rowicki and secretary Stephanie Corbet
Political figures have long been fodder for satirical Halloween costumes, and Clinton masks with the orange jumpsuits were an extremely popular choice this year — as the holiday falls just before the election. On the other side of the political aisle, many people dressed as cats with 'don't grab my p*ssy” signs, 'bad hombres,” or 'nasty women.”
After the photos were posted, a parent reportedly complained about the 'politically charged costumes” on Facebook, leading to the photos being removed from the website.
'I don't care who you are or are not voting for. You are professionals, who work with children. Some more impressionable then others. The fact that any school official would think it's okay to dress like this leaves me appalled and floored,” Emberly Lynn Martin, who has two daughters, wrote on a Facebook post, WTVR reports. 'What message are you sending to any of them when their high school principal dresses up like a man who wants to deport them, says things like 'she's a nasty woman”, or 'grab em by the p—–?”
Judging by the last portion of her comment, it isn't the fact that the school administration dressed up in politically relevant costumes, but rather the fact that they appear to support a candidate that she doesn't.
Outrage over Halloween was once associated with the religious right — but these days, complaints about the holiday from liberals are as predictable as trick or treaters. Nearly every costume can be deemed offensive by someone, and colleges have even offered counseling for students upset over what peers are wearing for this year's celebrations.
Though its arguable about whether or not it was necessary, Principal Rowicki has apologized to anyone he may have offended.
'It is a longstanding tradition of Staunton City Schools—and of many school divisions across the United States—to allow students and staff to engage in festive activities and dress in costume for Halloween,” Dr. Linda Reviea, Superintendent of Staunton City Schools said in a statement on the school's website . 'That said, the particular costumes worn by two employees at R.E. Lee High School were in poor judgment, given the current political climate and the extraordinarily strong sentiments for the 2016 presidential candidates. I became aware of the situation on Tuesday night and instructed our staff to remove the images in question from Lee High School's website today (Nov. 2). We are handling the situation as a personnel matter and addressing the issue with relevant staff.”
It is unclear if Rowicki or Corbett were disciplined over the harmless costumes.
The post School Principal Dresses Up as Trump For Halloween, Triggers Parents appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Emails revealed by Wikileaks from Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman John Podesta's account contained lots of strange emails about food, ties to human trafficker Laura Silsby, and a photo of Asian girls eating pizza — so naturally the internet has been set on fire with theories about secret codes and a child sex ring.
Is this Laura Ling in the Podesta Pizza email pic? Bill Clinton rescued? ID 8673 #HillaryIndictment #PrisonPizza pic.twitter.com/YuuKOpvywJ 
— Jupider Leigh (@jupiderleigh) November 4, 2016 

On Wednesday, a Reddit post titled 'I believe I have connected a convicted child abductor who was caught stealing children in Haiti with the Clintons,” contained a list of email links regarding Laura Silsby, former director of The New Life Children's Refuge.
BREAKING: Redditor may have connected a child abductor who was caught stealing children in Haiti with the Clintons. https://t.co/REW7RwPn4S 
— Brittany Pettibone (@BrittPettibone) November 3, 2016 

Silsby was found guilty in Haiti of child trafficking in 2010, after she attempted to cross the Haiti-Dominican Republic border with 33 Haitian children — all but one of the children had at least one living parent and were not orphans. Nine others who were arrested along with her were freed, thanks to the efforts of the Clintons .
'Along with the Haitian justice system, some observers excused the missionaries' actions, even though they rose to the level of child trafficking. They did so essentially because we place such little value on the integrity of poor families; the idea that the missionaries were acting to 'save' these children justified the damage they would have caused to the children and their families,” Shani M. King wrote for the Harvard Human Rights Journal. 'In this way, the Silsby case offers a window into international and domestic child placement schemes that disrupt poor families and disregard traditional forms of child placement.”
Jorge Puello Torres, Silsby's legal adviser, was later arrested for running an international sex trafficking ring. Torres was accused of luring girls from the Caribbean and Central America into prostitution by offering to make them 'models.”
In 2011, he was sentenced to three years and one month in federal prison for 'alien smuggling.”
Were 33 children for Bill Clinton and Jeffrey Epstein's "use"? Forget corruption, these emails expose connections to child sex trafficking. https://t.co/9CvlndNTDs 
— Mike Cernovich ?? (@Cernovich) November 3, 2016 

'Hillary has a LONG history of interest in Ms. Silsby. Wikileak emails dating back till at least 2001 have been found in her archives discussing Laura's NGO (EmailID 3776). Laura had claimed she planned to build an orphanage in the Dominican Republic, but authorities in the country said she never submitted an application for this purpose. They instead located to Haiti,” the Redditor wrote.
On Friday, Wikileaks released their 28th installment of the Podesta Files and the speculation online grew even stranger.
Search all Podesta emails for these keywords. We are uncovering a child sex ring. #PodestaEmails28 pic.twitter.com/h6N6O76sAw 
— Jared Wyand ?? (@JaredWyand) November 3, 2016 

Theories and screenshots began to swirl, claiming that bizarrely-worded emails about food were codes for child sex trafficking. It is important to note that this is originated on anonymous message boards, and the 'keywords” were not listed in any of the emails.
Please read this Podesta email. Is this code for something SICK? #Trump #MAGA pic.twitter.com/3gRlCQVbJH 
— GuthDaddy (@mediumsexy) November 3, 2016 
Simple, either Podesta feeds everyone walnut sauce or he arranges orgies with Black boys
So many cryptic emails like this #PodestaEmails28 pic.twitter.com/JcEAnDcpZw 
— Jared Wyand ?? (@JaredWyand) November 3, 2016 

Lawyer and popular author/journalist Mike Cernovich was among those sharing and discussing the theories.
"I'm dreaming about your hotdog stand in Hawaii…"
This is code for something.
Sex trafficking? https://t.co/BNulNKBi4u pic.twitter.com/L3l5j40ahy 
— Mike Cernovich ?? (@Cernovich) November 3, 2016 

'As a lawyer who has handled many criminal cases, I have strong instincts for when 'code' is being used. Reading these emails gives me the sense that they are speaking code words, like criminals,” Cernovich told . 'However the reports I've seen online do not seem credible and I myself have not fully cracked the code.”
"I think it has a map that seems pizza-related."
This is code. I know this from representing drug dealers. https://t.co/9mX3kivmPz pic.twitter.com/yk1vJIOlMd 
— Mike Cernovich ?? (@Cernovich) November 3, 2016 

Cernovich added that because of the facts that Clinton's top aide Huma Abedin's husband is currently under investigation for sexting a minor, and Bill Clinton flew on convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein's private jet (which is called 'The Lolita Express”), the whole inner circle deserves scrutiny.
'Bill Clinton took six trips to Epstein's island without Secret Service. Weiner was sexting 15 year old girls. Whole inner circle is suspect,” Cernovich said.
Whether this is a case of confirmation bias, or something more sinister — one thing is certain:
People really do not trust Hillary Clinton — to the point where thousands of people are actually having serious discussions about whether or not she is involved in a child sex ring. 
Perhaps the Democrats should consider bringing Bernie Sanders back now.
The post Internet Is On Fire With Speculation That Podesta Emails Contain Code for Child Sex appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Often times we are blind to what is happening around us. Just because we cannot see the effects of pollution and over-stripping the Earth of her resources in our own backyards, doesn't mean that it isn't a very serious concern. Closing our eyes to these issues is not going to help the problems go away. The world used to be an absolutely beautiful place, but that beauty is slowly being pushed out by the trash of mankind. We are consuming more than what this Earth can handle and pretty soon the Earth will no longer be able to sustain mankind. Here are 27 pictures that will open your eyes to the serious danger that our very existence is in.
H/T Jill Stein & Unreal-Lists 
Please remember to subscribe To  and stay up to date with daily Videos.

Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post 27 Photos That Prove The Earth Is in Serious Danger & It's Time To Be Worried Now appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In perhaps the most disturbing Wikileaks release to date, Tony Podesta (John Podesta's brother) is invited to a 'Spirit Cooking” dinner with performance artist Marina Abramovi?.
Dinner with a famous artist might sound deeply mundane, but there is far more to this story.
Abramovi?, 69, is a fairly famous Serbian performance artist, who now lives in New York.
In an email dated June 28, 2015, Abramovi? wrote:
'Dear Tony,
I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining?
All my love, Marina”
Tony then forwarded the email to his brother, John, asking:
'Are you in NYC Thursday July 9
Marina wants you to come to dinner
Mary?”
While this seems like a completely normal and uninspiring email, a look at what 'spirit cooking” is, changes things immediately.
In the video, Abramovi? is seen painting the recipe for these 'spirit dinners,” using what appears to be thickly congealed blood. The recipe read, at one point, 'mix fresh breast milk with fresh sperm, drink on earthquake nights.”

So, we have to ask, did John Podesta's brother invite him to go drink semen mixed with breast milk? Yikes. 

Abramovi? is known for her often-gory art that confronts pain and ritual. Her first performance involved repeatedly, stabbing herself in her hands. The next performance featured her throwing her nails, toenails, and hair into a flaming five-point star — which she eventually jumped inside of, causing her to lose consciousness.
During the next, she ingested a medication to treat people who are catatonic, which caused violent muscle spasms.
Perhaps most famously, in 1974, Abramovi? placed 72 objects on a table, including a rose, a feather, honey, a whip, olive oil, scissors, a scalpel — and a gun and a single bullet. Alongside the items was a sign informing the audience that the items could be used on her in any way that they chose.
For six hours, she remained at the mercy of the audience, allowing them to do as they pleased. During that time, she was stripped, cut, and one audience member even held the gun to her head.
'What I learned was that … if you leave it up to the audience, they can kill you. … I felt really violated: they cut up my clothes, stuck rose thorns in my stomach, one person aimed the gun at my head, and another took it away. It created an aggressive atmosphere. After exactly 6 hours, as planned, I stood up and started walking toward the audience. Everyone ran away, to escape an actual confrontation,” she later said of the performance.
We really just want to know what Podesta had for dinner.
The post Spirit Cooking: The Most Disturbing Podesta Email Yet? (Warning: Graphic Content) appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this video Luke Rudkowski talks about the breaking news of Hillary Clinton's campaign chief John Podesta being invited by his brother to participate in spirit cooking, as revealed by Wikileaks. We not go over this but how the dark inner circle around Hillary Clinton goes far beyond this and is extremely worrying this election year. To support our writers and staff invest in us on https://www.patreon.com/wearechange
Source
http://wearechange.org/spirit-cooking…
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/…
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EsJL…
https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7/status/7…
http://www.eonline.com/shows/fashion_…
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/…
http://www.truthrevolt.org/sites/defa…
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/a…
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8y-F…
http://yournewswire.com/wikileaks-ema…
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/05/13/…
http://hotair.com/archives/2016/05/13…
http://wearechange.org/internet-fire-…
https://twitter.com/WDFx2EU7
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c…
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a…
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP
The post Spirit Cooking Only The Start To Hillary Clinton's Dark Satanic Magic appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
As disturbing revelations about Hillary Clinton's inner circle come to light thanks to the Wikileaks revelations, it seems like an appropriate time to remind everyone that the former First Lady speaks to the dead for 'therapeutic release.”

Clinton's bizarre pastime was detailed in the 1996 book 'The Choice” by Bob Woodward.
Some of the candidate's favorite dead friends include Eleanor Roosevelt and Mahatma Gandhi. When it was suggested by one of her advisers, Jean Houston, the co-director of the Foundation for Mind Research, that she try speaking to Jesus Christ instead. Clinton refused and stated that speaking to Jesus would be 'too personal.”
'Most people in the White House did not know about Hillary's sessions with Houston. … To some of the few who did, the meetings could trigger politically damaging comparisons to Nancy Reagan's use of astrology,” Woodward wrote.
Clinton has not been very secretive about her penchant for speaking to the dead, either.
In the 90s, she wrote about a discussion she had with Eleanor Roosevelt, and what she claims the spirit told her.
'She usually responds by telling me to buck up, or at least to grow skin as thick as a rhinoceros,” Mrs. Clinton wrote in a column about her seeking advice from the dead former First Lady.
Bill Clinton even spoke about his wife's conversations with the dead during a speech in 2012.
On Friday, it was revealed that her campaign chairman John Podesta was invited by his brother to attend a ' Spirit Cooking ” dinner.
The Podestas' "Spirit Cooking" dinner?
It's not what you think.
It's blood, sperm and breastmilk.
But mostly blood. https://t.co/gGPWFS3B2H pic.twitter.com/I43KiiraDh 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 4, 2016 

In a shocking video, the woman who invited them, performance artist and occultist Marina Abramovic is seen painting the recipe for these 'spirit dinners,” using what appears to be thickly coagulated blood. The recipe read, at one point, 'mix fresh breast milk with fresh sperm, drink on earthquake nights.”
@CassandraRules #SpiritCooking #podestaemails27 #WikiLeaksPhase3 #PodestaEmails #SatanicHillary #wikileaks28 #WikiLeaks #MAGA3X pic.twitter.com/rwAOpo8FaS 
— Aussies For Trump ?? (@DeplorableDan2) November 4, 2016 

The revelation sparked massive concerns that the candidate's inner circle, and perhaps even herself, are participating in some very dark things.
A woman involved in occult blood rituals was invited to Hillary's campaign launch. #SpiritCooking https://t.co/hVbiefAvIt pic.twitter.com/5cW8nw6AZs 
— Johnny Ringo (@JR4Trump) November 4, 2016 

Abramovic donated the maximum amount of $2,700 to Clinton's campaign, and was personally invited to attend her campaign launch.
The post Hillary Clinton Speaks to the Dead For 'Therapeutic Release' appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
http://https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRwhrOXaaSM&feature=youtu.be 
 
In this video Luke Rudkowski talks about more controversial election news as its coming to light that Hillary Clinton talks to dead people. While Spirit Cooking is trending on twitter we try to give you a full persecptive on who the Clintons really are and what you should know about them. Again there has been no mention by the MSM about this latest scandel, to keep our operation running and to grow our staff consider donating to us on http://wearechange.org/donate/

The post Hillary Clinton Talks To Dead People ADMITTEDLY NO JOKE appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Project Veritas continues with it's series of videos this time an undercover reporter exposed early clinton email witness Cindy Almodovar. In the video Cindy Almodovar who spoke with Huma Abedin about email issues that were going on admits that the FBI didn't interview her. In December, 2010, U.S. Department of State IT Systems Administrator Cindy Almodovar reported that she met with Huma Abedin for thirty minutes regarding emails at the then unknown, but now notorious, @ clintonemail.com site. Here's is the text from that email exchange: 'From: Almodovar, Cindy T Sent: Friday, December 17, 2010 11:17 AM To: SES-IRM_Tech Cc: SES-IRM_FO-Mgt Subject: Meeting with Huma I met with Huma for about 30 minutes to go over mail issues. She gave me some examples listed below, but also, things are inconsistent. But issue #1 is of an e-mail which was sent to her twice this morning, did get received on <REDACTED> but was not delivered. See details below. I have a contact for the @clintonemail site, his name is Bryan Pagliano and he actually now works for State, but he apparently set all of this up. Huma sent several tests from her clintonemail account to Lona and myself – they were received. But there are many messages and responses not received. She sent a message this morning from her state.gov account to cheftwan@mail.house.gov.On 12/14, hdr22@clintonemail.com sent a message to huma@clintonemail.com and Valmoroli@state.gov at 10:03 pm . The subject line was blank. Huma received at Clinton address, but Lona did not receive on her state.gov account.” As a result of subsequent investigations regarding Secretary Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server, the Office of Inspector General for the U.S. State Department reported the following: From the unclassified May 2016 State Department report ESP-16-03: Two staff in S/ES-IRM reported to OIG that, in late 2010, they each discussed their concerns about Secretary Clinton's use of a personal email account in separate meetings with the then-Director of S/ES-IRM. In one meeting, one staff member raised concerns that information sent and received on Secretary Clinton's account could contain Federal records that needed to be preserved in order to satisfy Federal recordkeeping requirements. According to the staff member, the Director stated that the Secretary's personal system had been reviewed and approved by Department legal staff and that the matter was not to be discussed any further. As previously noted, OIG found no evidence that staff in the Office of the Legal Adviser reviewed or approved Secretary Clinton's personal system. According to the other S/ES-IRM staff member who raised concerns about the server, the Director stated that the mission of S/ES-IRM is to support the Secretary and instructed the staff never to speak of the Secretary's personal email system again. The director referred in the OIG report is John Bentel. In 2010, he was the State Department employee who managed IT security issues for the top echelon of the department. He told FBI investigators those conversations back in 2010 never occurred. In March of 2016, Bentel refused to answer questions from Senate investigators and asserted his Fifth Amendment right 87 times during a deposition for a civil lawsuit related to Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server.” Here's a transcript of the exchange between Project Veritas's journalist and Cindy Almodovar. PV Journalist: I'm working on a story. I'm interested. I want to know the truth and I want to know if you're one of the people who came, who went to John Bentel and said they were concerned about Hillary's private server. Almodovar: I don't know anything about that. PV Journalist: You weren't involved in that at all? Almodovar: You've got to stop this because this is like harassment. PV Journalist: This will be the last time you see me. I just want to know the truth. I'm interested. I want to know if the FBI has talked to you. Almodovar: No they haven't. PV Journalist: They haven't at all… …PV Journalist: I'm sure reporters and people have been coming to your door. Almodovar: No. No one has come to the door. You're the first one. 'Even though her name stands out in the emails released by the FBI, no one from the FBI ever spoke to Aldomovar,” said Project Veritas Action founder James O'Keefe. 'No one interviewed her or made any attempt to get to the bottom of what information she might have about this case that is so important to national security. It made us wonder…who else the FBI neglected to talk with.” The post appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Article by Aaron Kesel 
Project Veritas continues with it's series of videos – this time an undercover reporter exposed early Clinton email witness Cindy Almodovar.
In the video, Cindy Almodovar – who spoke with Huma Abedin about email issues that were going on – admits that the FBI didn't interview her.
In December 2010, U.S. Department of State IT Systems Administrator Cindy Almodovar reported that she met with Huma Abedin for thirty minutes regarding emails at the then unknown, but now notorious, @ clintonemail.com site. Here's is the text from that email exchange: 'From: Almodovar, Cindy T Sent: Friday, December 17, 2010 11:17 AM To: SES-IRM_Tech Cc: SES-IRM_FO-Mgt Subject: Meeting with Huma I met with Huma for about 30 minutes to go over mail issues. She gave me some examples listed below, but also, things are inconsistent. But issue #1 is of an e-mail which was sent to her twice this morning, did get received on <REDACTED> but was not delivered. See details below. I have a contact for the @clintonemail site, his name is Bryan Pagliano and he actually now works for State, but he apparently set all of this up.
Huma sent several tests from her clintonemail account to Lona and myself – they were received. But there are many messages and responses not received.
She sent a message this morning from her state.gov account to cheftwan@mail.house.gov.On 12/14, hdr22@clintonemail.com sent a message to huma@clintonemail.com and Valmoroli@state.gov at 10:03 pm . The subject line was blank. Huma received at Clinton address, but Lona did not receive on her state.gov account.”
As a result of subsequent investigations regarding Secretary Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server, the Office of Inspector General for the U.S. State Department reported the following: From the unclassified May 2016 State Department report ESP-16-03: Two staff in S/ES-IRM reported to OIG that, in late 2010, they each discussed their concerns about Secretary Clinton's use of a personal email account in separate meetings with the then-Director of S/ES-IRM. In one meeting, one staff member raised concerns that information sent and received on Secretary Clinton's account could contain Federal records that needed to be preserved in order to satisfy Federal recordkeeping requirements. According to the staff member, the Director stated that the Secretary's personal system had been reviewed and approved by Department legal staff and that the matter was not to be discussed any further. As previously noted, OIG found no evidence that staff in the Office of the Legal Adviser reviewed or approved Secretary Clinton's personal system. According to the other S/ES-IRM staff member who raised concerns about the server, the Director stated that the mission of S/ES-IRM is to support the Secretary and instructed the staff never to speak of the Secretary's personal email system again. The director referred in the OIG report is John Bentel. In 2010, he was the State Department employee who managed IT security issues for the top echelon of the department. He told FBI investigators those conversations back in 2010 never occurred. In March of 2016, Bentel refused to answer questions from Senate investigators and asserted his Fifth Amendment right 87 times during a deposition for a civil lawsuit related to Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server.” Here's a transcript of the exchange between Project Veritas's journalist and Cindy Almodovar. PV Journalist: I'm working on a story. I'm interested. I want to know the truth and I want to know if you're one of the people who came, who went to John Bentel and said they were concerned about Hillary's private server. Almodovar: I don't know anything about that. PV Journalist: You weren't involved in that at all? Almodovar: You've got to stop this because this is like harassment. PV Journalist: This will be the last time you see me. I just want to know the truth. I'm interested. I want to know if the FBI has talked to you. Almodovar: No they haven't. PV Journalist: They haven't at all… …PV Journalist: I'm sure reporters and people have been coming to your door. Almodovar: No. No one has come to the door. You're the first one.
'Even though her name stands out in the emails released by the FBI, no one from the FBI ever spoke to Aldomovar,” said Project Veritas Action founder James O'Keefe. 'No one interviewed her or made any attempt to get to the bottom of what information she might have about this case that is so important to national security. It made us wonder…who else the FBI neglected to talk with.” The post Project Veritas Video Exposes Utter Neglect in FBI's Clinton Probe appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
NEW: US military hackers have penetrated Russia's electric grid, telecom network, Kremlin command systems, and are ready to hit back if the Russians try to disrupt Election Day, sources and top secret documents show. According to NBC News Corp. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — NBC News disclosed the penetration in a series of reports, explaining that US efforts parallel claims, also by US officials, that Russia, China and other nations have placed hidden malware on parts of US critical infrastructure.
The U.S. use of cyber attacks in the military context — or for covert action — is not without precedent.
During the 2003 Iraq invasion, U.S spies penetrated Iraqi networks and sent tailored messages to Iraqi generals, urging them to surrender, and temporarily cut electronic power in Baghdad.
In 2009 and 2010, the U.S., working with Israel, is believed to have helped deploy what became known as Stuxnet, a cyber weapon designed to destroy Iranian nuclear centrifuges.
Today, U.S. Cyber Command is engaged in cyber operations against the Islamic State, including using social media to expose the location of militants and sending spoof orders to sow confusion, current and former officials tell NBC News.
One problem, officials say, is that the doctrine around cyber conflict — what is espionage, what is theft, what is war — is not well developed.
The penetration by all sides appears to be in preparation for an all-out war in cyberspace, according to NBC News, which said it was briefed by a US intelligence official and given an opportunity to review highly classified documents. At the same time, the network downplayed the prospect of a cyber war, making it appear as if the leak was intended as a warning to US adversaries. NBC News then attempted to link its explosive report to Tuesday's US presidential election, citing concerns of mischief by Russian hackers that would fall far short of the Armageddon-like scenario that the report implied. Instead, the network explained US election-related concerns as 'cyber mischief,” which could involve releasing fake documents or creating bogus social media accounts to spread misinformation. The Obama administration has created a public, but unconfirmed narrative, that hackers controlled by the Russian government have stolen emails from the Democratic Party headquarters, a private computer used by presidential candidate Hillary Clinton while serving as secretary of State and computers used by Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta. According to the narrative, Russia stole the emails and gave the messages to WikiLeaks, which has flooded the internet with the material on a daily basis leading up to Tuesday's election. Russia has denied any responsibility for the Clinton-related hacks and links between WikiLeaks and Russian intelligence have never been substantiated. Moreover, recent media reports in the United States indicate that Clinton's private server she used for official business during her tenure as secretary of state had been penetrated by at least five foreign intelligence services. The emails have proved especially embarrassing for the Clinton campaign by disclosing decisions in the Clinton State Department that favored large donors to the Clinton Foundation in what appear to be 'pay-for-play” schemes of selling access and influence. Moreover, the activity appears to coincide with lucrative speaking engagements for former President Bill Clinton. Earlier this week, Fox News cited two unnamed sources claiming that the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is close to recommending that Hillary Clinton be indicted for corruption while she served as secretary of state from 2009 to 2013.
The FBI has never publicly confirmed an investigation of Clinton Foundation fundraising links to the State Department.
Instead, the FBI has limited its comments to a separate probe of whether Clinton mishandled classified information by using a private server. FBI Director James Comey closed the latter investigation without an indictment of Clinton, only to reopen it last Friday, claiming agents had discovered new emails on a computer used by the estranged husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Former federal prosecutor and New York City Mayor Rudi Giuliani has said publicly that FBI agents are in open rebellion against the US Department of Justice for attempting to quash both Clinton criminal investigations.
Read more: https://sputniknews.com/us/201611051047089422-usa-penetration-russian-infrastructure/ 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post U.S. military Hackers Report Having Penetrated Russia's Electric Grid & Communications Networks 'Encase' appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Wikileaks emails have shaken the very fabric of the political spectrum to the core. We have seen Clinton campaign collusion between the media, DNC, DOJ, DOS, etc. But now everyone's fears that Sanders was potentially a plant or threatened may have been confirmed in an email from 2015.

In an email exchange from Robby Mook (re47@hillaryclinton.com) to John Podesta ( john.podesta@gmail.com ) on May,26,2015 Mook forwards an email from Christina Reynolds to the rest of the Clinton camp. In which she says that Senator Sanders went after HRC and WJC on wealth including using the word hustle. She then goes on to say that she followed up with Brad (potentially DNC CFO Brad Marshall who resigned ) and 'the only thing that they've pushed is from the attached docs trying to get reporters to write that HRC and Bernie are actually in the same place.” Likely Referring to political stances now exposed to be a lie by Wikileaks because of Hillary's private and public opinion. 
Following up on our call on Friday, just wanted to give some updates and flag that Bernie went after HRC and WJC on wealth (including using the word 'hustle.) I followed up with Brad. The only thing they've pushed is from the attached docs—trying to get reporters to write that HRC and Bernie are actually in the same place. They are happy for any suggestions, but were not planning on making any big attacks around the announcement.
Mook then writes, 'This isn't in keeping w the agreement. Since we clearly have some leverage, would be good to flag this for him. I could send a signal via Welch–or did you establish a direct line w him?”
What agreement is Robby Mook talking about? What does he mean by 'send a signal via Welch.” Is Robby Mook referring to Vermont representative Peter Welch?
Even if Mook was talking about Brad Marshall DNC CFO when he said 'This isn't in keeping w the agreement” that would expose that not only the Clinton campaign but the DNC was feeding reporters to write stories. However this possibility quickly falls apart since earlier this year Guccifer 2 revealed the DNC rigged the primary against Sanders. So Mook wouldn't need to send a signal to the DNC CFO they were already well connected from the beginning.
The alternative is that it's a different Welch and different Brad and that Mook wasn't talking about Sanders but was talking about Brad. However the email chain would suggest that it's Sanders who Mook is referring to because deeper down the string of emails are two links forwarded from Colin Campbell (Business Insider Journalist) to Clinton staffer Josh Schwerin . One to a story that is criticized by the Clinton campaign in which Sanders bashes Hillary and the other to a story about Hillary Clinton's campaign selling pants suits. 
But it doesn't end there, in the attachments that Christina Reynolds remarked in the email under a section in the document called 'Personal Comments Praise” are positive comments by Senator Sanders about Hillary Clinton.
So I then decided to do some digging through CNBC's reporter list and contributor list from 2015 and found no one named Brad worked there in July 2015. I looked at July, 2015 because no earlier date was available from archive.org.
I then did the same for Business insider looking for a reporter named Brad seeing as Wikileaks has already previously exposed the close connection between the media and Clinton campaign. Thinking that I could debunk the claim that Bernie Sanders was a potential plant and Robbie Mook was talking about Brad at business insider since CNBC didn't have anyone named Brad who worked there.In which I found that business insider did not have an entry at all for 2015 either available on archive.org.
Again alternatively Mook might have been referring to another reporter not apart of CNBC or Business Insider named Brad. However the next comment 'I could send a signal via Welch” doesn't make sense. Seeing as how connected the campaign was to the media why would Mook need to send a signal?
It's also worth noting that earlier in the year it was revealed that the Sanders campaign sold out to the Hillary Clinton's campaign for a private jet towards the end of the campaign run.
Whatever the case may be this email is deeply disturbing and connecting the dots if the two people mentioned are Peter Welch and DNC CFO Brad Marshall things just got a lot more crazier if that's even at all possible with recent Wikileaks emails revealing Podesta talking about satanic spirit cooking. What did Robby Mafia Mook mean by 'since we clearly have some leverage?” Was the 'leverage” Blackmail? threats? Maybe that explains Bernie's cut on his face later on during the DNC. With such a wild election cycle absolutely nothing would surprise me anymore. Do you feel the Bern?
'The mafia never separates.”
~Robby Mook
 
 
 
 
The post WIKILEAKS: Suggest Sanders Was A Possible Plant Or Threatened By Mook appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Chelsea Manning attempts suicide in for the second time: Transgender soldier 'tried to kill herself again after being placed in solitary confinement' 
 
Manning attempted suicide at Fort Leavenworth prison in Kansas She was sentenced to solitary confinement after her first attempt in July Her attorneys say her deteriorating prison conditions are to blame Claim her time behind bars is an 'assault on her health and humanity' Was sentenced to 35 years in prison 2013 for leaking 700,00 secret military and State Department files to WikiLeaks Chelsea Manning attempted suicide for the second time in recent months, her attorneys have revealed.
The transgender soldier, who is serving a 35-year jail sentence for leaking confidential military documents, tried to kill herself at Fort Leavenworth prison in Kansas last month.
According to The New York Times , she was beginning a week of solitary confinement.
Attorneys Vincent Ward and Chase Strangio declined to divulge details of Manning's suicide attempt last month at a military prison at Kansas' Fort Leavenworth.
Wayne Hall, an Army spokesman, said medical privacy laws barred him from discussing the matter.
Chelsea Manning attempted suicide for the second time in recent months, her attorneys have revealed. The transgender soldier (pictured), tried to kill herself at Fort Leavenworth prison in Kansas last month
But Manning's attorneys cited her prison conditions — including the solitary confinement that her legal team says she received as punishment for her July suicide attempt — as contributing to their client's fragile mental state.
Strangio, in an email to The Associated Press, called her treatment since her 2010 arrest and subsequent time serving a 35-year sentence 'demoralizing and destabilizing assaults on her health and humanity.'
After her July suicide attempt, I watched her begin to piece her life and spirit back together only to have that shattered by the disciplinary proceedings brought against her and then the unannounced initiation of her term of punishment last month,' Strangio wrote. 'She has repeatedly been punished for trying to survive and now is being repeatedly punished for trying to die.'
Strangio added he worries about Manning's 'ability to keep fighting under these relentless abuses.'
Manning, arrested in 2010 as Bradley Manning, was convicted in 2013 in military court of leaking more than 700,000 secret military and State Department documents to WikiLeaks.
Source: ASSOCIATED PRESS 
Praying For Chelsea !
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT  
The post Chelsea Manning Attempts Suicide for the second time.. appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
One day after Julian Assange officially revealed for the first time that the source of hacked Podesta and DNC emails in Wikileaks' possession is not Russia, in the second excerpt from the John Pilger Special, to be broadcast by RT on Saturday Julian Assange accuses Hillary Clinton of misleading Americans about the true scope of Islamic State's support from Washington's Middle East allies.
As previously reported, in an August 17, 2014 email made public WikiLeaks last month, Hillary Clinton, who had served as secretary of state until the year before, urges John Podesta, then an advisor to Barack Obama, to 'bring pressure” on Qatar and Saudi Arabia, 'which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIS and other radical Sunni groups.”
'I think this is the most significant email in the whole collection,” Assange, whose whistle-blowing site released three tranches of Clinton-related emails over the past year, told Pilger in the interview.
'All serious analysts know, and even the US government has agreed, that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIS and funding ISIS, but the dodge has always been that it is some 'rogue” princes using their oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that it is the government of Saudi Arabia, and the government of Qatar that have been funding ISIS.” 
As recounted by RT , Assange and Pilger, who sat down for their 25-minute interview at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London where the whistleblower has been a refugee since 2012, also talked about the conflict of interest between Clinton's official post, her husband's nonprofit, and the Middle East officials, whose stated desire to fight terrorism may not have been sincere.
John Pilger: The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the first two, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation, while Hillary Clinton is secretary of state, and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly Saudi Arabia.
Julian Assange: Under Hillary Clinton – and the Clinton emails reveal a significant discussion of it – the biggest-ever arms deal in the world was made with Saudi Arabia: more than $80 billion. During her tenure, the total arms exports from the US doubled in dollar value.
JP: Of course, the consequence of that is that this notorious jihadist group, called ISIL or ISIS, is created largely with money from people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation?
JA: Yes.
The conversation then turns to the imminent presidential election: Pilger questioned Assange over increasingly frequent accusations from the Clinton camp, and Western media, that WikiLeaks is looking to swing next week's US presidential election in favor of Donald Trump – perhaps at Russia's behest.
However, just as he did last week, Assange again dismissed the prospect of Trump, who is almost tied in the polls, winning as unlikely, and not necessarily due to his standing with the electorate.
'Trump won't be permitted to win' 'My analysis is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he has had every establishment off his side. Trump does not have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them an establishment,” said Assange. 'Banks, intelligence, arms companies, foreign money, etc. are all united behind Hillary Clinton. And the media as well. Media owners, and the journalists themselves.”
JP: The accusations that WikiLeaks is in league with the Russians and you hear people saying, 'Well, why doesn't WikiLeaks investigate and publish emails on Russia?” 
JA: We have published over 800,000 documents of various kinds that relate to Russia. Most of those are critical. And… a great many books have come out of our publications about Russia, most of which are critical. And our documents have gone on to be used in quite a number of court cases, refugee cases of people fleeing some kinds of claimed political persecution in Russia, which they use our documents to back up.
JP: Do you take yourself a view of the US election? Do you have a preference for Clinton or Trump? 
JA: Donald Trump – what does he represent in the American mind and in the European mind? He represents American 'white trash,” deplorable and irredeemable. Basically, the same thing. It means, from a… establishment or educated, cosmopolitan, urbane perspective, these people are, you know, like the rednecks, and you can't… like, they are just… you can never deal with them. And because he so clearly – through his words and actions and the type of people that turns up at his rallies – represents the people who are not the upper-middle-class-educated, there is a fear of seeming to be associated in any way with that, a social fear that lowers the class status of anyone who can be accused of somehow assisting in any way Trump, including criticizing Clinton. And if you look at how the middle class gains its economic and social power, it makes absolute sense.
He is right, but the same was said about Brexit. 
Sources; http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-04/julian-assange-says-trump-wont-be-allowed-win-clinton-and-isis-are-funded-same-money 
https://www.rt.com/news/365405-assange-pilger-full-transcript/ 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Julian Assange Says Trump Won't Be Allowed To Win, 'Clinton And ISIS Are Funded By The Same Money” appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

 
Remember, remember, the 5th of November, 
Gunpowder, treason and plot. 
I see no reason why the gunpowder treason 
Should ever be forgot. 
-Old English folk rhyme (anonymous)
By Barrie Zwicker (Special thanks to Truth and Shadows )
Today, November 5 th , is Guy Fawkes Day, also known as Gunpowder Day. In 2016 it's the 411 th anniversary of The Gunpowder Plot or Gunpowder Treason, as it was first called.
It also happens to be my 78 th birthday. So I've been more aware of Guy Fawkes Day than most. I'm especially happy about how ubiquitous the Guy Fawkes mask has become. 
The mask was hugely popularized in the movie V for Vendetta . As stalwart 9/11Truther Kevin Barrett wrote, a year ago, in a piece entitled ' Unmasking Media Lies: Why BBC's V-for-Vendetta Mask Piece is Fawked Up ”:
'V for Vendetta may be the most revolutionary film ever made. Its obvious message is: Let's get out there and visit some rough justice on the treasonous bastards who created the 9/11 and 7/7 media spectaculars, and destroyed the freedoms for which we've been fighting for centuries. 
Watch (on YouTube) V for 9/11 Vendetta: Past, Present and Future 
It is also possible to read the film from an interior, psychological perspective: Rather than just a call to action, it's about the psychological process of coming to terms with the 9/11 and 7/7 inside jobs, by allowing oneself to feel the overwhelming anger that is the natural response. Once one has faced the facts, overcome fear, and come to terms with one's own righteous anger, THEN it's time for revolution. 
The real message of the V mask is simple: We know you bastards blew up the Trade Center. We know you're blowing up the economy. We know you're lying to us 24/7/365. We know you're trying to keep us poor and weak and fearful and impotent. Well, guess what? We're not afraid of you. We're not afraid to die. And we're coming to get you. 
No wonder the BBC is afraid to admit what the V mask really means.” 
Yet for the first 71 years of my life I had entirely the wrong idea about the gunpowder plot: what happened, who was really behind it, and its impact on history. An impact that continues to this day. It was in 2005 that I read I read Webster Tarpley's superb book 9/11 Synthetic Terror: Made in USA right after it came off the press. He introduced me to the historical element.
True, the brazen events of 9/11 and the mind-boggling cover-up that followed opened my eyes to state-executed terror frauds and the power they deliver to the dark forces that order them. But I didn't know from nuthin' about the Gunpowder Plot.
Nor at that time did I appreciate that it and 9/11 are but two examples from thousands of false flag operations that have changed history.
False flag ops are the least-recognized, highest-impact category of human deceit. In terms of emotional wallop, even the most brilliant lies perpetrated by the most talented demagogues pale, in comparison to a big false flag op, for the power to manipulate the public. On this anniversary let's look more closely at this particular false flag op for some lessons. As William Faulkner put it in his Requiem for a Nun : 'The past is never dead. It's not even past.” Then we will touch briefly on one of the most recent false flag ops – a leading edge digital one that perversely misappropriates the Fawkes name.
… 
On the Throne of England in 1605 sits James the First, a Protestant, the King who ordered the translation of the Christian Bible that bears his name.
As midnight approaches on November the 4th – the eve of the traditional opening of Parliament – armed agents of the King raid a basement room of the Houses of Parliament. They discover and apprehend one Guy Fawkes. His age, 36, coincides with the number of barrels of gunpowder they find with him. They find a tunnel leading to the room. Fawkes is a known agitator for the rights of English Roman Catholics. In his possession are a pocket watch (a rarity in those days).
Had he succeeded in detonating the gunpowder, the next morning King James and his queen would be mangled bodies, as would all the members of the House of Lords and the House of Commons. Smoking rubble would be all that would remain of the Palace of Westminster complex, including historic Westminster Abbey.
So goes the palace version of the events of the late evening of November the 4 th , 1605. The English public is stunned. It's the equivalent of 9/11. 'A cataclysm,” Adam Nicolson describes it in his book God's Secretaries: The Making of the King James Bible . Upon his arrest, according to the official account, Fawkes admits his purpose was to destroy king and Parliament.
That there was some kind of plot is not in doubt. By November the 8 th , on the rack, Fawkes names 12 co-conspirators. Those not killed where they are tracked down are found guilty of treason later in a trial lasting less than a day. They and Fawkes are hanged, drawn and quartered.
The following Sunday, November the 10 th, the King James Version of the plot is broadcast from the leading pulpit of the Church of England, that of William Barlow, Bishop of Rochester. Barlow thunders that the enemy, meaning papists, is satanic in its wickedness. The King, their hoped-for victim, on the other hand is, Mr. Nicolson writes, characterized as an unqualifiedly good man . . . virtually a Christ-figure.
Soon all the pulpits of England echo the official account. Between 1606 and 1859 the Fifth is remembered in an annual service of thanksgiving in every Anglican church, writes James Sharpe in Remember, Remember: A Cultural History of Guy Fawkes Day. Until 1959 , it was against the law in Britain not to celebrate Guy Fawkes Day. Celebrate, because from the beginning the public was giving thanks that the realm was saved and the treasonous conspirators dispatched. For centuries effigies of Fawkes were burned.
The palace version becomes historical truth for humankind including me – duped again! – for most of our lives.
Mr. Nicolson and others now cast serious doubt on that version. Many anomalies concerning the events have surfaced.
Fawkes was not apprehended in a basement room but rather a ground floor room, one remarkably easily rented by the plotters. There was, accordingly, no tunnel. The authorship of the letter by which the King learned of the plot is murky. It was turned over to the King by the Royal Chancellor, Sir Robert Cecil, the Earl of Salisbury.
Sir Cecil I would characterize as the Dick Cheney of his day. Because plots were common at that time Cecil had an efficient network of spies seeded among Roman Catholic dissidents. He kept tabs on all plots the spies discovered. This one featured a large cast of characters from several cities.
Cecil kept the King in the dark about the plot except for the obscure letter. The gunpowder, it turned out, was of an inferior nature, unlikely to have achieved much result. This was odd, as Fawkes definitely knew a thing or two about gunpowder. He had developed expertise with it while serving with distinction in Spain's army against Protestant rebels in the Netherlands. It's conceivable the gunpowder could have been switched by someone; loads of it existed because of all the hostilities. Some handwriting on Fawkes's confession differed from the rest.
Ignored until recently is a book by Jesuit historian John Gerard, What Was the Gunpowder Plot: The Traditional Story Tested by Original Evidence . Gerard died in 1606 but his book was not published for almost three centuries, in1897, an interesting temporal fact in itself. While it's true, as Sharpe writes, that accounts of the plot differ as per the biases of the authors, I find Gerard's account pretty compelling. He writes:
'When we examine into the details supplied to us as to the progress of the affair, we find that much of what the conspirators are said to have done is well-nigh incredible, while it is utterly impossible that if they really acted in the manner described, the public authorities should not have had full knowledge…”
Exactly. The evidence points to a particular kind of false-flag operation. There are many variations. In some (9/11 being the leading example) an outrageous event is carried out by the perpetrators and blamed on the chosen enemy. In others (example, Gulf of Tonkin) nothing happens but a fiction blames the chosen enemy. The Gunpowder Plot is midway: a plot was underway but the precise intentions of the plotters can never be known. The main feature is that, with or without taking a hand in the plot, the Cecil elements manipulated events brilliantly.
Cecil was heavily involved in an influential London group known as 'the war party.” It wanted to push James into a confrontation with the Spanish Empire, from which the group's members hoped, among other things, to extract great personal profit.
The war party considered it politically vital to keep persecuting Roman Catholics. Sir Cecil set out, writes Tarpley, to sway James to adopt his policy by means of terrorism.
It amounts to this: Either Cecil and the war party made the Gunpowder Plot happen or they let it happen –and made sure of a brilliantly timed 'exposé.” And if they let it happen they made it happen.
James himself had negotiated peace with Spain the previous year. His other advisors told him there was no chance of a general Catholic uprising and that no foreign Catholic powers were involved in the plot.
The King knew, Sharpe writes, that 'the reality of Catholicism in England around 1600 was very different from the image conjured up in government propaganda and contemporary Protestant myth.” Sharpe again: '…even in the face of … persecution it seems that most of England's Catholics remained loyal to their monarch and wanted nothing more than to be allowed to practice their faith unmolested.” (The parallel with most Muslims living in the UK and Canada today springs to mind.)
For his part, James downplayed the plot. 'James and his ministers,” Sharpe writes, 'showed more restraint than many modern regimes faced with similar problems.”
Nevertheless, the power of the imagery of what might have happened burned itself into the public's psyche, and was repeatedly fanned by the Protestant and war promoting establishments.
The outcomes of this ongoing propaganda campaign are incontestable. Tolerance for English Roman Catholics is replaced by a period of terrible bloodletting for them. Numbers are killed. Catholics' homes are burned. A string of laws is passed restricting their rights and liberties.
The English become 'fixated on homeland security,' Nicolson writes. An inclusive, irenic idea of mutual benefit between Spain and England – trade between the two countries, because of the peace treaty, had been growing –'is replaced in England by a defensive/aggressive complex.” All Catholics, of all shades, never mind their enthusiasm or not for the planned attack, are identified as the enemy.
Most significantly, war with Spain ensues. England's course is set for a century of wars against the Spanish and Portuguese empires. England for various reasons comes out victorious and on these war victories the British Empire is founded in blood, deception and conquest.
… 
There's no way of knowing whether the British Empire – and all the consequences of its rule from Capetown to Canada to Iraq to its American colonies — would have emerged anyway or in what form or at what pace, but we can see in retrospect that the Gunpowder Plot was pivotal in what did transpire.
It would be a failure of imagination not to see the parallels with 9/11 and society in our day of blanket war propaganda, teeming with covert agents, ever-encroaching surveillance, ever decreasing civil rights and liberties, and either helpless or conniving leaders.
Let's look at false flag ops generically. It's difficult in my opinion to over-estimate their terrible place in history, and their place in making history terrible. Think of the wars and millions of deaths that followed the Gunpowder Plot, the sinking of the Maine in Havana Harbour in 1898 that kick-started the US Empire's expansion to the Philippines and beyond, the sinking of the Lusitania that brought the USA into World War I, the torching of the German Reichstag that boosted Hitler to power and enabled his bloody grab for world domination, the assassination of John F. Kennedy that yanked U.S. foreign policy onto a warpath, the alleged attacks during LBJ's presidency the next year by North Vietnamese torpedo boats on U.S. warships in the Gulf of Tonkin — attacks that simply did not take place but that provided the basis for the Tonkin Gulf Resolution, passed 88-2 in the US Senate. That resolution constituted the 'legal” basis for escalating the Vietnam War with an eventual death toll of more than 3-million. And 9/11. To name a few.
Without false flag ops most wars would be harder to launch. Some would barely be possible. Think of the unprecedented millions of peace marchers who took to the streets prior to the invasion of Iraq. If the deceptions are used to justify such wars were exposed earlier by a skeptical, independent, ferociously investigative media, we all would be living in a different world. Millions of horrible deaths and all the accompanying grief could have been avoided. And the military would have to put on bake sales to raise funds.
There always has been a yearning for peace among the normal everyday citizenry: finding meaningful work, marrying and raising a family, tilling the soil, writing poetry, inventing things, or — as Pierre Berton said was his favourite thing – 'getting smashed with your friends.”
There are exceptions, but the horrible norm is that for wars to be launched, maintained or expanded the people have to be fooled. And history proves beyond a reasonable doubt that the most surefire way to accomplish that is to lumber them with an iconic outrage allegedly perpetrated by the designated 'enemy” of the day. And we go on sinking ever further into the mire of deaths – the deaths of innocents, the death of promise for a better future, the death of honest history, the death of coming to grips with reality – because each new false flag op draws power from the fictions planted about all the previous ones.
And so the elites continue to hide their four aces in a rigged game. Their most closely guarded secret retains the potency of the first one. Remember, remember, the 5 th of November, the 11 th of September, Faulkner, and George Santayana's comment that 'those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.”
But today we also have to remember the future. Added to the false flag ops, false flag agents and false flag organizations of old are false flag digital organisms, sent to infect particular publics. One of the most recent of which I've become aware is a rogue individual or group identified as ” This tricky entity 'FawkesSecurity” on Monday, October 22, released via YouTube and Pastebin a bomb threat against an unidentified U.S. Government building.
I for one smell digital gunpowder.
'FawkesSecurity” claims to be associated with the Anonymous collective. The threat of violence, however, goes against everything Anonymous says it stands for. Sources at Anonymous are denouncing 'FawkesSecurity” and its bomb threat.
A report on this , from which I am quoting, can be found at Examiner.com
Following is an excerpt from the message of 'FawkesSecurity:”
Dear citizens of the world, ? We are anonymous. As of today 200 kilograms of composite Nitroglycerin and commercial explosives have effectively been concealed in a government building, situated in the united states of America. on the 5th of November 2012 … ? we are anonymous ? we are legion ? we do not forget ? we do not forgive ? on the 5th of November, you will expect us. 
As the Examiner report says, 'the video displays many of the standard trappings of associated with Anonymous [and yet] the threat of violence is completely out of step with the ethos that guides Anonymous.” The Examiner report adds:
'Multiple social media accounts have denounced FawkesSecurity and their bomb threat. Many speculate FawkesSecurity is a false flag operation conducted by government agents in an attempt to discredit Anonymous. Others speculate that FawkesSecurity is simply misguided, and unfamiliar with the bullet proof idea that is Anonymous.”
Whatever the case, those who wrote the text above can't punctuate or capitalize worth a damn.
The digital and physical worlds are not separate. Agents of the state infest both. Although unlikely, if the threat by 'FawkesSecurity” were to be carried out today, one outcome could be to seriously besmirch Anonymous. (The question of whether Anonymous itself might be a false flag op, or is, or could be infiltrated or otherwise manipulated, is one to be asked and answered further down the rabbit hole. Such is the ultra-elusive nature of 'reality” today.)
We've come a long way from 1605 technically, but the general scheme is the same: deception rides high, wide and ugly.
Segments of this post were originally published in an op ed page piece the author had published on November 5 th , 2005 in The Globe and Mail; others come from notes for a talk given by the author in London, Ontario November 5 th , 2011. 
The post Guy Fawkes, The Gun Powder Plot & How False Flags Have Shaped History appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
The now known infamous hacker Guccifer 2.0 who hacked and handed 20,000 DNC documents to Wikileaks earlier in the summer updated his blog with a new post. This time Guccifer 2.0 asserts that he has info from inside the FEC's systems that the Democrats may rig the election.

After weeks of silence from Guccifer 2.0 with his last post about Trump's taxes and the Clinton campaigns possible provocation on, October, 18th. Guccifer has ended his silence emerging from the shadows to claim that he is inside the FEC systems and is going to monitor the U.S. elections . That's not all Guccifer 2.0 is urging fellow hackers to not hack the election to steal the vote but to hack to watch for suspicious activity and voting anomalies within the FEC's systems.
Guccifer 2.0 writes, 'I'd like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies.”He adds, ' As I've already said, their software is of poor quality, with many holes and vulnerabilities. ”
Guccifer 2.0 is referring to the speech he gave about the weakness of cyber security and how hackers aren't to blame it's the IT security to blame for breached systems.
Guccifer 2.0 then goes on to say 'I have registered in the FEC electronic system as an independent election observer; so I will monitor that the elections are held honestly.” He ends his post calling for other hackers to join him, and monitor the elections from inside and inform the U.S. society about the facts of electoral fraud.”
With an unprecedented amount of election fraud during the primary all in favor of Hillary Clinton against Bernie Sanders and Project Veritas videos exposing various methods of election fraud including busing in minority voters and intimidating voters with violence . As well as cases of election fraud already starting to emerge across the U.S . in various states. Guccifer 2.0 is probably right that Democrats are trying to rig the election but at this point it would have to be so blatantly obvious that they would need to answer to not one case but two cases of election fraud in one election cycle.
A recent video by Bev Harris of BlackBoxVoting provided a real-time demo of how the GEMS vote-fraud system, 'fraction magic,” worked. There is more detail available on Bev Harris's BlackBoxVoting website .
I will be doing my own election monitoring of early voting and compiling a list of all the fraud that may potentially take place on November 8th like I did for the primary if they are going to rig the election we will make it known. Guccifer 2.0's full statement is below.
GUCCIFER 2.0's Statement: 
INFO FROM INSIDE THE FEC: THE DEMOCRATS MAY RIG THE ELECTIONS 
 
I'd like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies. 
 
As I've already said, their software is of poor quality, with many holes and vulnerabilities. 
 
I have registered in the FEC electronic system as an independent election observer; so I will monitor that the elections are held honestly. 
 
I also call on other hackers to join me, monitor the elections from inside and inform the U.S. society about the facts of electoral fraud. 
The post Guccifer 2.0 Issues Alert For Hackers To Independently Monitor U.S. Elections appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Hillary Clinton hasn't been the most favored candidate. In fact, she is one of the most disliked candidates to ever run for president. Election day is just on the horizon, and as this presidential race draws to a close, the indictment of Hillary Clinton seems increasingly more likely with every new scandal that comes around the corner.

On Wednesday, a Fox News report revealed two sources with 'intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations” had stated, that the probe of the Clinton Foundation would continue to be ongoing after the election. However it is not certain as to whether this will result in an indictment yet. Fox News redacted the earlier claim stating that this would indeed lead to an indictment. These sources also told Fox News anchor, Bret Baier, that this investigation was being treated as 'very high priority', with 'a lot of' evidence having been gathered, even before the Wikileaks revelations , which have revealed the absolute highest levels of corruption from within the Clinton Campaign.
These sources also stated that they're 'looking into possible pay-for-play interaction between secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, and the foundation” and that this investigation has been 'going on for more than a year.” The FBI have interviewed individuals who are suspected to be linked with this activity.
In an article published by the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday, it was stated that:
'Secret recordings of a suspect talking about the Clinton Foundation fueled an internal battle between FBI agents who wanted to pursue the case and corruption prosecutors who viewed the statements as worthless hearsay, people familiar with the matter said.”
We are uncertain as to what these recordings entail, but it's evident that their contents must be of substantial importance, as it was concerning enough to contribute to the reopening of the Clinton Foundation investigation.
Meanwhile, The FBI have also discovered new, not duplicated, emails that they believe to have come from Hillary's server. However, it is currently unknown as to whether they contain classified information. These emails were discovered whilst combing through former Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner's laptop—after a sexting scandal involving a 15-year-old girl.
With an 'avalanche of new information coming every day,” this investigation will have wide-reaching implications for the Clinton Foundation. Appearing more intensive and expansive than we ever could have imagined. The reopening of the investigation into the Clinton Foundation has also show Trump to have gained support in the polls, appearing almost even with Clinton in most polls, while the L.A Times shows Trump to have a 4 per cent lead.
Despite attempts on behalf of Department of Justice officials to shut this investigation down, a report from the Wall Street Journal states FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe refused to close the case, calling it a 'validly predicated investigation” while discussing this with other DOJ officials. The FBI investigation into the Clinton campaign is now running parallel to the reopened criminal investigation into Hillary's private email server, which she created violating State Department regulations.
With an onslaught of evidence confirming the Clinton campaign's deceit and rampant corruption, it is highly unlikely that they'll come out of this ordeal unscathed. If she were to be elected, there are a large number of possible charges Hillary could be facing whilst in the White House. Including perjury, obstruction of justice, bribery, pay-for-play, and undoubtedly many more.
Earlier today, in a morbid turn of events, batch 30 of the Wikileaks Podesta emails revealed the sadistic past times of the Podesta brothers, having been invited to a 'Spirit Cooking' dinner with performance artist Marina Abramovic. The grotesque nature of Clinton's inner circle really is the gift that keeps on giving. From raunchy sexting to ritual sacrifice, this election cycle has divulged the darkest, more abhorrent secrets held by this crooked campaign. If there is any justice left in the world, it is morally essential that Hillary Clinton and her mob go down, to prison, as well as hell.
The post Is This The End For Hillary Clinton? appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Donald Trump on Saturday was quickly ushered off the stage by Secret Service agents in the middle of a campaign speech in Nevada after an incident in the crowd near the front of the stage.
Secret Service rushes Trump off stage at Reno rally https://t.co/n82d9jXopX 
— Chrissy (@omgitsmechrissy) November 6, 2016 
Video shows that Trump was in the middle of his speech when the incident occurred. He was looking into the crowd, his hand over his eyes to block the glare from the stage lights, when Secret Service agents grabbed him and escorted him off the stage. Trump ducked his head as he left the stage. The crowd panicked with frightened looks on their faces, as the Secret Service and police tactical units rushed in to quickly arrest the man. Early unconfirmed reports suggest a man was armed in the crowd according to some witnesses. The man was then detained by police officers, Secret Service agents and SWAT armed with assault rifles and taken to a side room for questioning. Trump returned to the stage minutes later and proceeded to continue his speech before thanking the Secret Service and police. 'Nobody said it was going to be easy for us, but we will never be stopped. We will never be stopped. I want to thank the Secret Service. These guys are fantastic.” 
~Donald Trump, said.
(THIS IS A DEVELOPING STORY AND WILL BE UPDATED AS NEW DETAILS BECOME AVAILABLE.) The post #BREAKING: TRUMP USHERED OFF STAGE IN NV SUSPECT DETAINED appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

Fierce battle for the city of Mosul continues to shock Iraq and the whole Middle East with no significant results. The leading role belongs to the assault of the Iraqi army and Kurdish Self-Defense Forces—which still lack experience and skills—to capture the city in the shortest time.
However, 500 elite commandos of the U.S. Special Forces, which had been transferred this week at Mosul should give new impetus to the assault. U.S. combatants are supported by Apache and Chinook helicopters.
According to the Inside Syria Media Center , the U.S. Special Forces are located at the forefront of Iraqi and Kurdish combat formations. Military experts believe these combat conditions are atypical for the special operation forces which are aimed to carry out reconnaissance and other specific tasks.
Elite combatants in Mosul actually perform the functions of infantry soldiers, resulting in inevitable great losses, which are going to be covered up and silenced by the Washington officials in the usual manner.
Although the U.S. officials have repeatedly stated Mosul should be liberated from terrorists to eliminate the Islamic State, the decision to use U.S. Special Forces looks unjustified at first glance. However, the protracted nature of the assault on the city is forcing the Pentagon to take extreme measures to complete the operation before the U.S. presidential election. Therefore, the White House uses this situation, first of all, as a large-scale PR-campaign to support the candidate of the Democratic Party Hillary Clinton.
In this context, it becomes clear why the U.S. Government refrained from active struggle against terrorists for so long choosing an opportune moment strangely coincided with the end of the presidential elections in the United States.
Liberation of Mosul should also demonstrate to the world community the importance and crucial role of the American nation in the fight against the Islamic State. It is even more regrettable in the light of the recent Wikileaks' revelations, which confirmed the United States and American tycoons' role in the creation and funding of the Islamic State terrorists.
The post U.S. Special Forces Join Fight For Mosul appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Donald Trump on Saturday was quickly ushered off the stage by Secret Service agents in the middle of a campaign speech in Nevada after an incident in the crowd near the front of the stage.
Secret Service rushes Trump off stage at Reno rally https://t.co/n82d9jXopX 
— Chrissy (@omgitsmechrissy) November 6, 2016 
Video shows that Trump was in the middle of his speech when the incident occurred. He was looking into the crowd, his hand over his eyes to block the glare from the stage lights, when Secret Service agents grabbed him and escorted him off the stage. Trump ducked his head as he left the stage. The crowd panicked with frightened looks on their faces, as the Secret Service and police tactical units rushed in to quickly arrest the man. Video on twitter shows the moment that the Secret Service and law enforcement took down the man. Got footage of man who was detained by police and Secret Service after @realDonaldTrump was rushed off stage by USSS agents pic.twitter.com/FVEieSYj5w 
— Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) November 6, 2016 
Early unconfirmed reports suggest a man was armed in the crowd according to some witnesses. One witness said that they were in the crowd when an unknown guy creeped toward the stage staring at Trump. The witness then proceeded to get the attention of four bigger guys surrounding them and confronted the man. The man then freaked out and reached into his pocket to grab what looked like a gun.” According to the witness the man was mumbling about 'the delegates.” ' I was in the crowd, me and my dad saw a guy creeping toward the stage staring at trump. i got the attention of 4 big guys around me and we confronted him and when we did he spurged out and reached into his pocket to grab what looked like a gun. when we tackled him to the ground and between punches he kept saying something about 'the delegates”? he must have the delegates. sorry i'm pretty shaken up right now. ' With one person in the crowd shouting 'he's got a gun.” The man was then detained by police officers, Secret Service agents and SWAT armed with assault rifles and taken to a side room for questioning. The suspect is seen below. Trump returned to the stage minutes later and proceeded to continue his speech before thanking the Secret Service and police. 'Nobody said it was going to be easy for us, but we will never be stopped. We will never be stopped. I want to thank the Secret Service. These guys are fantastic.” 
~Donald Trump, said.
Luke breaks down the details in the video below of the attempted assassination of the anti-establishment candidate Donald Trump.
It's worth noting that the last Trump assassination attempt also occurred in Nevada when Michael Sandford a British citizen attempted to grab a police officer's gun and shoot Donald Trump a few weeks ago.
Julian Assange was right when he said earlier today to John Pilger that 'anti-establishment Trump Wouldn't Be Allowed To Win.” Although Julian just missed how he would be stopped.
(THIS IS A DEVELOPING STORY AND WILL BE UPDATED AS NEW DETAILS BECOME AVAILABLE.) The post #BREAKING: SECOND Assassination Attempt On Trump In NV; Suspect Detained (LIVE BLOG) appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
The president of the Iowa State University Bernie Sanders club was dragged off of the stage at a Hillary Clinton rally which he was invited to speak at by her campaign — after telling the crowd not to vote for her.

Sanders was in town holding the rally to drum up support for him formal rival on Saturday. Enthusiastic Sanders supporter Caleb Vanfosson was invited to open the event, but instead of echoing Sanders' endorsement, the college sophomore laid down exactly why he will not vote for her. 
'I got a call the other day asking me if I wanted to speak for Hillary, basically they wanted to use me like a puppet,” Van Fosson told Fox News . 'Trump's not any better, but Hillary Clinton is still terrible.”
His speech began in typical fashion, introducing himself and speaking about student debt. 
'While the part time reality tv show star and full time bigot Donald Trump thinks that hard working immigrants is what's wrong with our country,” Vanfosson said to laughter from the crowd, 'hes failing to even talk about this issue.” 
Bernie Sanders supporter and college student speaker calls out Hillary Clinton at her own rally, security pulls him off stage 11/5/2016 pic.twitter.com/EKMV15ZScd 
— MicroTurkeyLeaks™ (@WDFx2EU8) November 5, 2016 

'But unfortunately Hillary doesn't really care about this issue either, the only thing she really cares about is pleasing her delegates — the delegates who won her the election,” he said. 'The only people who can really trust Hillary are Goldman Sachs. CITIGroup can trust Hillary. The military industrial complex can trust Hillary. Her good friend Henry Kissinger can trust Hillary.” 
Vanfosson's words clearly resonated, as cheers and applause erupted from the crowd. 
'She is so trapped in the world of the elite that she has completely lost grip of what it's like to be an average person,” he continued. 
A man then entered the room and began to walk purposefully towards the podium. When he reached Vanfosson, he grabbed him and 
'She doesn't care about us. Voting for a lesser of two evils, there's no point,” he concluded, as he was grabbed and pushed off the stage. 
The post Speaker at Sanders Rally Tells Crowd Not to Vote Clinton, Gets Dragged Off Stage appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Donald Trump on Saturday was quickly ushered off the stage by Secret Service agents in the middle of a campaign speech in Nevada after an incident in the crowd near the front of the stage. The incident turned out to be a false alarm that spurred the arena into chaos.
Secret Service rushes Trump off stage at Reno rally https://t.co/n82d9jXopX 
— Chrissy (@omgitsmechrissy) November 6, 2016 
Video shows that Trump was in the middle of his speech when the incident occurred. He was looking into the crowd, his hand over his eyes to block the glare from the stage lights, when Secret Service agents grabbed him and escorted him off the stage. Trump ducked his head as he left the stage. The crowd panicked with frightened looks on their faces, as the Secret Service and police tactical units rushed in to quickly arrest the man. Video on twitter shows the moment that the Secret Service and law enforcement took down the man. Got footage of man who was detained by police and Secret Service after @realDonaldTrump was rushed off stage by USSS agents pic.twitter.com/FVEieSYj5w 
— Jeremy Diamond (@JDiamond1) November 6, 2016 
Early reports suggested a man now known to be Austyn Crites, 33 was potentially armed in the crowd according to some witnesses. Those reports have since been retracted the man was found to unarmed besides with a 'republicans against Trump” sign. No weapon found at Reno event where Donald Trump was rushed off stage, senior law enforcement official says – NBC https://t.co/LZffgsYes8 
— Breaking News (@BreakingNews) November 6, 2016 
One witness said that they were in the crowd when an unknown guy creeped toward the stage staring at Trump. The witness then proceeded to get the attention of four bigger guys surrounding them and confronted the man. The man then freaked out and reached into his pocket to grab what looked like a gun.” According to the witness the man was mumbling about 'the delegates.” ' I was in the crowd, me and my dad saw a guy creeping toward the stage staring at trump. i got the attention of 4 big guys around me and we confronted him and when we did he spurged out and reached into his pocket to grab what looked like a gun. when we tackled him to the ground and between punches he kept saying something about 'the delegates”? he must have the delegates. sorry i'm pretty shaken up right now. ' With one person in the crowd shouting 'he's got a gun.” The man was then detained by police officers, Secret Service agents and SWAT armed with assault rifles and taken to a side room for questioning. The man is seen below bei Trump returned to the stage minutes later and proceeded to continue his speech before thanking the Secret Service and police. 'Nobody said it was going to be easy for us, but we will never be stopped. We will never be stopped. I want to thank the Secret Service. These guys are fantastic.” 
~Donald Trump, said.
https://twitter.com/kellyannepolls/status/795070994956374016
Luke broke down the early details in the video below. Austyn has since been exonerated and posted to Facebook the following statement.

 
The post False Alarm Causes Chaos At Donald Trump Rally In Nevada appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

Hey — had you heard that uranium is an incredibly scarce resource and that Russia is buying it all up? 
No, me neither. 
But that's what I've discovered on the campaign trail. 
Apparently a few years back Hillary Clinton betrayed the country — yet again — by selling 20% of our precious uranium supply to Russia in return for yet more payola.
As secretary of state she 'approved” a deal to sell Uranium One, a company that controlled a fifth of U.S. uranium production, to the Russian atomic agency Rosatom. In return she and Bill received vast amounts of payoffs from the Kremlin and related interests — most notably a $500,000 speaker fee for Bill from a Moscow-based investment bank, which works out at about $250,000 net of tax.
(Money also went to the Clinton Foundation charity, from which the Clintons personally steal money through a channel so clever and cynical that it remains hidden). 
The deal is a perfect example of 'Clinton Corruption,” says Donald Trump. 'As secretary of state, Hillary Clinton signed off on a deal allowing Russians to take… control of about 20% of America's uranium supply to the Russians.”
It shows the 'long and lucrative history of financial deals with the Russians, particularly with the Russian government,” says Peter Schweizer, author of the book 'Clinton Cash,” director of the film of the same name, and an editor at large for the always-reliable Breitbart website. Uranium is 'a fundamental issue of national security,” Schweizer told Lou Dobbs Tonight on Fox Business. 'It's not like oil and gas that you can find all sorts of places. They are precious few places you can mine for uranium, in the United States is one of those areas.”
Even the New York Times — a wholly owned subsidiary of the Worldwide Clinton-Illuminati-Spectre Cabal — was critical. 'Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal,” it reported in a big expose published earlier this year, in which it even floated the prospect of a Putin 'monopoly” of uranium down the road.
It's all very, very troubling. Apart from just one teensy weeny little problem.
Uranium isn't a scarce resource that Vladimir Putin, or anyone else, is about to control.
Uranium is a massive drug on the international commodity markets. There is a worldwide glut. It is produced all around the world, and there is so much of it washing around that the price is in free-fall — and has been for almost 10 years. Right now the world's uranium miners are so desperate that they are actually giving it away for less — literally — than it costs them to dig it out of the ground.
Uranium prices have collapsed by a staggering 88% since their peak in the summer of 2007. They are down about three quarters since the February 2011 Fukushima nuclear reactor disaster in Japan, which caused that country to switch off most of its reactors and caused everyone else to review their nuclear-energy production.
As it happens, the price of this allegedly precious commodity just hit a new low of $20 a ton (In 2007 it was $160). It's now half the price it was when the Russians took control of Uranium One. According to the World Nuclear Association, the miners' trade body, that's about 20% below the average cost of digging it out of the ground. Two thirds of the world's uranium costs more than $20 a pound to mine.
The problem is that while lots of mines are producing it, hardly anyone wants it. Nearly all of the commercial use for uranium is for nuclear energy. Nuclear reactors are being mothballed. Plans for massive nuclear expansion are being shelved or reconsidered. Fukushima caused a massive political backlash against nuclear energy.
Even countries that still plan on building many more reactors — such as China and India — started slow-walking their plans and rethinking. And then the price of other sources of energy, such as oil and gas, collapsed. So there is even less demand for new reactors.
Meanwhile, despite the panic, U.S. uranium output isn't very important anyway. According to the World Nuclear Association, the U.S. ranks ninth among global producers. Our production is less than one quarter of Australia's and less than one tenth of Canada's. The U.S. accounts for about 2% of total uranium production worldwide — meaning that the U.S. mines now in Putin's hands account for about 0.4% of world output.
Whoa! You can really see why Vladimir Putin wanted 'control” of it — and why the Clintons were able to charge him in return a stratospheric $250,000 net (plus, of course, the secret funds stolen from the Clinton Foundation) in return.
Why hasn't there been an investigation? Where is the FBI when you really need it?
OK, maybe 'technically,” Hillary didn't personally actually 'approve” the deal. Turns out she had no actual veto power over it. But she was one of many people who could have referred it to the president, who could have blocked it. There are lots of others who also approved it, including multiple regulators and stock exchanges around the world (Uranium One is actually a Canadian company). The fact that they all waved it through just shows how wide the Clintons' tentacles really stretch.
But I always like to end on a positive note, and I have one now. If uranium really is a scarce and precious resource and Vladimir Putin is secretly trying to corner the market, as so many of these sources allege, then obviously sooner or later the price is going to explode. And if that's true, I know an easy way you can guarantee yourself a fortune.
Just go out and buy stock in Uranium Participation Corp. URPTF, -0.36% a publicly traded Canadian company that functions effectively as a uranium trust. It simply owns a lot of uranium on behalf of investors. Its price has, of course, absolutely collapsed along with the underlying price of the uranium in its vaults, and the stock is now at record lows.
Although it is a Canadian stock, and its primary exchange is in Toronto, the stock also trades freely over the counter in the U.S.
I assume that all those people raging against Hillary's evil uranium 'sell out” to Putin, and warning about the coming uranium apocalypse, have plunged tons of their own money into the stock. Right?
And if they haven't — what does that tell you?
Via. Market Watch 
Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post Hillary Clinton Sells 20% of US Uranium To Russia WTF ? appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
The FBI is on round two of their investigation into the emails sent and received by Hillary Clinton on her private server, and a recently released undercover video serves as a reminder of everything that was wrong with the initial investigation. It all starts with who they did and did not interview.
In March 2015, reports first surfaced revealing that Clinton did not have a government email address, and opted to use her personal address during her tenure as Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013. Reports then concluded that her private address was linked to a private server at her home in Chappaqua, New York.
However, the FBI did not publicly admit that they were conducting an investigation into whether Clinton mishandled classified information until June 2016, when FBI general counsel James Baker sent a letter to the State Department confirming that there was, in fact, an 'ongoing investigation.” 
The public knowledge of Clinton's email practices came about because she was already being investigated by the House Select Committee on Benghazi for her involvement in the 2012 terrorist attack in Benghzi, Libya.
Despite the fact that a former Secretary of State who was already being investigated , admitted that she used a private server for government business, and then told the public that she deleted 33,000 emails, the FBI still waited nearly a year to confirm that they were conducting an investigation into her email practices.
According to a recent video from Project Veritas, the FBI's initial investigation into Clinton's email was not nearly as thorough as it should have been.
The undercover report revealed that State Department IT Systems Administrator Cindy Almodovar knew of Clinton's email practices in 2010, and even 'met with Huma Abedin for 30 minutes regarding emails at the then unknown, but now notorious, @clintoneail.com site.” 
However, Almodovar claims in the video that she was never interviewed by the FBI in connection with their investigation, despite the fact that her name was mentioned in the emails and her knowledge of Clinton's practices was clear.
While the FBI failed to interview Almodovar, they did manage to interview Clinton's close confidante and top aide: Huma Abedin.
At the time, Adedin swore under oath that she turned in all of the 'all of the devices” she owned that contained State Department emails. However, the FBI now claims to have found 'tens of thousands” of emails belonging to Abedin on the laptop of her estranged husband, Anthony Weiner. Weiner is currently being investigated for engaging in a sexual relationship with an underage girl.
Some sources have said that Clinton is 'likely to be indicted” this time around, but this comes after FBI Director James Comey laid out of all of the reasons Clinton should have been arrested in the first investigation, and then ultimately defended her.
Why should we trust that Comey and the FBI will get it right this time around? With all of the recent revelations from WikiLeaks and Project Veritas coming together, it serves as a reminder that it's not just about Clinton this time. It is not about both Hillary Clinton and the entire FBI being held accountable for their actions.
Follow Rachel Blevins on Facebook and Twitter . 
 
The post HIDDEN CAM: FBI Botched First Clinton Investigation – Why Trust Them Now? appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
With only days away from the most followed and extraordinary Presidential election of all time, the debate has devolved into the sexual behaviors surrounding the candidates more than ever.
Donald Trump, the GOP nominee, Hillary's husband Bill Clinton, the former President of the United States, and now Anthony Weiner has somehow entered the fray. It is quite sad indeed that the media has chosen to run with this angle, and it speaks volumes about the tabloid celebrity obsessed nature of the United States, but if we are going to go there, let's go there.
First we have Donald Trump, a man who has been married 3 times, has been very open and frankly arrogant about his opinion of women, especially in televised interviews over the last 3 plus decades, and is now being crucified for grabbing the world by the pussy. Seriously? Folks everybody knew what they signed up for when he announced he was running. He ran beauty pageants for Christ's sake. Has Trump been a misogynist in the past? Absolutely .
The truth is how many men out there can say they haven't acted in that manner at some point in their lives, let alone yesterday? It's not something I, or any other man should be proud of, but lets put the shoe on the other foot for a second. If a group of women were having a conversation and the most attractive one of them stated 'Sometimes I just walk up to the hottest guy at the bar and grab him by his cock, they let me do it,” would anybody really be outraged? I highly doubt it.
Now let's take a look at Bill Clinton. Ever since Bill Clinton first ran for President in 1992, his sexual promiscuities and alleged predatory sexual behavior, including rape , have been widely available to the public. I would never defend any type of unwanted sexual advances, but once again we all knew this years ago. Although the mainstream has underplayed this, perhaps the most striking thing they have failed to detail in any depth is his relationship to Jeffrey Epstein.

It was revealed in May that Clinton's flight logs had him traveling with Epstein at least 26 times during his presidency. Epstein, a billionaire, flew in a private jet dubbed 'The Lolita Express” . Those unfamiliar with Epstein should note that he is a convicted pedophile who allegedly ran what many refer as 'Sex Slave Island” which trafficked in underage girls for the upper echelon of society in the Virgin Islands. To be fair, there have been allegations of Trump being tied to it as well, but so far there is no hard evidence. Meanwhile, Hillary reportedly went with Bill to the sex island – six times . 

Where is the outrage regarding the sexual abuse of children among global heavyweights including the political elite?
Now this brings us to some of the latest revelations regarding Anthony Weiner who is now somehow involved in the email scandal with his regards to SEXTING A 15 YEAR OLD GIRL ! Huma Abedin happens to be married to Weiner and up until the scandal hitting the news, Hillary's top aide. Weiner is probably the worst of the worst at being caught in his serial deviant sexual behavior, but those in the know understand this is par for the course.
Little is yet to be reported on what is actually in these emails other than they apparently contained classified information, and the fact is we can't be expected to know before the election what's in them…unless of course Wikileaks is planning on one last dump in the next day or so. It is again worth noting of the under-reporting of the pedophilia angle of this story.
So what's missing here? Um, well, how about Hillary Clinton herself? The mainstream media has NEVER strayed into the possibility Hillary has been unfaithful to Bill, or that their is an open marriage arrangement between the two of them. House of Cards anyone? Those unfamiliar with the show should note that the protagonists of the series, the Underwoods, a political power couple, have an open marriage that also take part in all sorts of sexual decadence , the type only reported upon briefly in the media, if at all.
The truth is that Hillary has been rumored to have a plethora of sexual partners outside of her marriage , both male and female, the latest of which is her aid Huma. However we are not here to speculate in such matters. Instead let's look at one case in particular. Webb Hubbell.

Those unfamiliar with Hubbell should note that he, Hillary Clinton, and Vince Foster all came up together in the Rose Law Firm during the 70's. By all accounts they were a tight knit unit that spent countless hours together in their quests for social mobility. Hubbell would become the Mayor of Little Rock, Arkansas in 1979. Bill Clinton, who married Hillary in 1975, would take the Governorship the year prior.

So what evidence is their of an affair between the two? Many believe the existence of Chelsea Clinton, based on looks alone. Chelsea appears to have no physical resemblance whatsoever to Bill, however she looks ASTOUNDINGLY like Hubbell.

The interesting thing is that Hubbell has refused to deny that he is her biological father! When asked by World Net Daily Hubbell responded 'No Comment” . Truly bizarre if indeed their is no possibility of such a thing.
In the end why would this matter? It just goes to show you the level of secrets the Clintons have kept for decades upon decades in their continued quest for more and more power. It also gives a very candid portrayal on how the media has handled scandals involving the Clintons over the years. When you go to the voting booth keep that in mind.
The post The Sex Scandal That Could Change The Election appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this video Luke Rudkowski breaks down the latest election news and fears of attacks on election day. As Trump and Hillary face off there are many distractions by the government that needed to be addressed. To be smart and prepared check out http://foodforliberty.com/wearechange… for Healthy Emergency Storable Food with GMO-Free ingredients
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c…
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a…
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP
Buy the new  t-shirt because you will enjoy shredding the Clinton News Network in public!

The post PREPARE FOR THE 'CREDIBLE” THREATS ON ELECTION DAY appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this video Luke Rudkowski breaks down the real reason that Hillary Clinton isn't facing charges in the FBI's renewed investigation into her private server as secretary of state.
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE:
http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c… 
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/ 
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a… 
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange 
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange 
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store 
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate 
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP
The post BREAKING: THE REAL REASON HILLARY CLINTON WONT BE CHARGED BY THE FBI appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

Bill and Hillary Clinton have a long history of losing documents during various investigations and scandals over the years going all the way back to their time in Arkansas.
It's not just the current investigation into deleted emails in which the State Department's own internal probe found former Secretary of StatW Hillary Clinton violated federal record keeping laws . It's not just whitewater, it's several investigations where documents have turned up missing, exonerating the Clintons and clearing them of guilt, despite huge violations of obstruction of justice.
HISTORY OF LOSING DOCUMENTS DURING INVESTIGATIONS: 
In 1999, investigators looked into then First Lady Hillary and President Bill Clinton's scandals, which included Whitewater, Travelgate, Filegate and other scandals. It was discovered that more than 1 million subpoenaed emails were mysteriously 'lost” due to a 'glitch” in a West Wing computer server . 
During the Project X email scandal, career White House staffers and contractors found that someone close to the first lady had basically turned off the White House's automated email archiving system. 
WHITEWATER: 
The first notable case is the whitewater land scandal fiasco, which started in Arkansas when Bill Clinton was governor. The allegation is that the Clintons used the Rose Law Firm and the Arkansas Financial Department Authority, as well as Madison Guaranty Savings and Loan owned by Susan and Jim McDougal , to scam Arkansas residents. An investigation was started when the Clintons invested and lost money in the Whitewater Development Corporation.
An entire article could be dedicated to the Whitewater scandal, but what is important here is that documents for the whitewater investigation turned up missing were later discovered at the Clintons' home .
Ben Shapiro of Breitbart noted in his own article on Hillary's long history of hiding documents :
In 1996, a special Senate Whitewater committee released a report from the FBI demonstrating that documents sought in the Whitewater investigation had been found in the personal Clinton quarters of the White House. The First Lady's fingerprints were on them. The documents had gone mysteriously missing for two years. 
Mark Fabiani, special White House counsel, immediately stated that there was no problem, according to the Times: 'He added that she had testified under oath that she had nothing to do with the documents during the two years they were missing and did not know how they ended up in the family quarters.” Hillary remains the only First Lady in American history to be fingerprinted by the FBI. Those weren't the only missing Whitewater documents later found in the Clinton White House. 
VINCE FOSTER: 
The next notable case, which is also connected to Whitewater is Vince Foster. Foster worked alongside the Clintons as a top Rose Law firm attorney who had worked intimately with then First Lady Hillary Clinton throughout their career together. After Foster's 'suicide,” documents went missing from his office . Secret Service officer Henry O'Neill testified that he witnessed aides removing documents.
Several years later, more documents pertaining to Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster again vanished, this time from the National Library including a document from Ken Star's investigation that proves that the 'suicide” of Vince Foster was actually a murder . In those documents is the smoking gun that shows that Vince Foster sustained not one but two bullet wounds. One to the neck and one to the head an impossible suicide scenario.
In addition to that, experts have called Foster's suicide note 'a forgery.” One of my rules is once, twice, okay, but three times is not a coincidence—it's a criminal conspiracy. Conspiracy, as in the legal definition not a theory none of this is a theory when it's well sourced.
TRAVEL GATE: 
In 1996, the day before the Whitewater documents were found at the White House, a two-year-old memo emerged written by a former Presidential aide. According to the New York Times it proved that Hillary Clinton 'had played a far greater role in the dismissal of employees of the White House travel office than the Administration has acknowledged.” 
PROJECT X EMAIL GATE: 
According to Tom Fitton, President of Judicial Watch, Hillary's top lawyer and top aide, Cheryl Mills 'helped orchestrate the cover-up of another major scandal, often referred to as 'Project X Email-gate.'” Over the course of years, the Clinton Administration allegedly withheld 1.8 million email communications from Judicial Watch's attorneys, as well as federal investigators and Congress. In addition, Judicial Watch says that when a White House computer contractor attempted to reveal the emails, White House officials 'instructed her to keep her mouth shut about the hidden e-mail or face dismissal and jail time.” 
2015-2016 EMAIL GATE: 
Where do I start about the botched investigation of Hillary's private email server? The obstruction of justice is so broad, it's insane. She used 'bleach bit” software the day after being subpoenaed, smashed several BlackBerrys and iPads with hammers, was tipped off by the DoJ and DoS into the investigation, according to Wikileaks, etc.
Clinton's close ally Terry McAulife gave a donation to the wife of the Deputy Director Of The FBI. Bill Clinton met with Attorney General Loretta Lynch towards the end of the investigation. The list goes on…
2 TERABYTES OF DATA MISSING: 
Two terrabyte drive with Clinton White House emails missing, presumed stolen from National Archives https://t.co/p3eZqxKxke pic.twitter.com/792rxje642 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 3, 2016 

Yet even with all of the evidence, the current FBI director—who has been revealed to be connected to the Clintons—has once again refused to acknowledge the corrupt career nature of the Clintons.
Director James Comey told Congress Sunday that the FBI does not recommend charges against Clinton, even after an additional 650,000 emails were discovered on the laptop of her aide's estranged husband, Anthony Weiner.
Whether it's deleting emails or covering up documents to prevent prosecution, it has always been the Clinton way. Why is it that journalists can uncover this past historic information, but the FBI investigators can't? 
Something isn't right. Drain the swamp and nominate AK for FBI Director 2017, and stay tuned to . This case is closed. The Clintons are corrupt. That, or documents have somehow developed an artificial intelligence to stay away from the Clintons. It must be a right wing conspiracy. I would be willing to put my deplorable eggs into one basket and say it's the latter.
The post OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE: The Clintons' Long History Of Losing Documents appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
On Sunday evening, side-by-side images of Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman John Podesta and his brother Tony next to police sketches of potential suspects in a 2007 kidnapping of a three-year-old girl took over the internet.
The resemblance is striking, and Reddit, 4chan, and Twitter rapidly took up the case. 
We found your pedophile suspects @metpoliceuk . You're welcome. #DNCLeak2 pic.twitter.com/H8kF1jWGUN 
— Jared Wyand ?? (@JaredWyand) November 7, 2016 

Madeleine Beth McCann should have celebrated her 13th birthday with her family in England this year, but she vanished from her bed during a family vacation to Portugal in 2003. The case gripped the entire world, becoming one of the most high profile missing persons cases in history. Coverage of her kidnapping was comparable to the press interest in the death of Princess Diana. 
Her parents had been out with friends at the hotel restaurant approximately 200 feet from where the child had been sleeping. When her mother Kate McCann went to check on her around 11 pm, but she was gone. 
'We go to bed every night with the agonising feeling that just maybe tomorrow we will find something to lead us back to Madeleine. To let us know what happened. To give us hope,” Kate McCann, who is now an ambassador for Missing People, said at the launch of a new nonprofit organization called Find Every Child, in London this week . 
Though it has been nearly a decade since their little girl vanished, the family has continued the search, and believe that there is a possibility that she may still be alive. 
'When my little girl first disappeared, on that horrendous night that changed our lives forever, I could never have imagined that nearly 10 years later we would still be in the same position,” she continued. 
In 2013, five years after Portuguese police had closed the case, they reopened it and revealed two new police sketches. It was believed that they were supposed to be of the same man, but from two different witnesses. Reddit and others on social media are now asking, what if it was actually two different men, and what if it was the Podestas? 
Awkward! Sketches from 2007 Madeleine McCann case look just like Clinton associates. Victim of #SpiritCooking ? #Podestabros #DNCLeak2 pic.twitter.com/by7AHqESzD 
— Jazu the Deplorable (@Jazukai) November 7, 2016 

An email found in the Wikileaks release of John Podesta's emails at the time of McCann's disappearance implies that he may have been vacationing around the time of her disappearance, but does not indicate where.
Shortly after the rumor began to go viral, Twitter went offline for over 20 minutes, which helped to fuel the theorists even more.
That moment when you Realize they are DDOS'ing @WIkiLeaks @Twitter and @4Chan to cover up a Horrific Crime. RIP Madeleine McCann. pic.twitter.com/4EqSAcOpWA 
— Kyle (@refutal) November 7, 2016 

Bizarrely worded messages in the Podesta emails had lead to conspiracy theories on 4chan and Reddit that John Podesta was involved in some sort of child sex ring , last week.
"I'm dreaming about your hotdog stand in Hawaii…"
This is code for something.
Sex trafficking? https://t.co/BNulNKBi4u pic.twitter.com/L3l5j40ahy 
— Mike Cernovich ?? (@Cernovich) November 3, 2016 

The same evening, the world became familiar with the term ' Spirit Cooking .”
The Podestas' "Spirit Cooking" dinner?
It's not what you think.
It's blood, sperm and breastmilk.
But mostly blood. https://t.co/gGPWFS3B2H pic.twitter.com/I43KiiraDh 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 4, 2016 

While it is extremely far-fetched that the Podestas would be involved in this extremely high-profile missing persons case, the fact that thousands of people are having serious discussions about it on a Sunday evening speaks volumes about the trust people have in Hillary Clinton's inner circle.
 
The post Internet Sleuths Are Convinced That The Podestas Are The Kidnappers in These Police Sketches appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Activist and alleged Anonymous hacker Martin Gottesfeld who has been accused of orchestrating an attack on the Boston Children's Hospital pleaded 'not guilty” to charges of conspiracy and intent to cause damage to protected computers.

After he was arraigned, Gottesfeld, who has been on a hunger strike for a month, rose from his chair and fainted in the courtroom.
Gottesfeld, 32, is a human rights advocate and Senior Systems Engineer who was born and raised in Andover, Massachusetts. He is being prosecuted under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) by Carmen Ortiz's office . The same people who caused the death of Internet reddit founder pioneer and activist Aaron Swartz. 
If convicted,Gottesfeld could face up to twenty-five years in prison and $380,000 in restitution to the tormentors of Justina Pelletier, the patient he was initially fighting to protect. His attorneys are mounting a vigorous defense on his behalf, and need your help.
The CFAA has been cited by digital rights group EFF as being overly broad and so that, 'Creative prosecutors have taken advantage of this confusion to bring criminal charges that aren't really about hacking a computer, but instead target other behavior prosecutors dislike… Compounding this problem is the CFAA's disproportionately harsh penalty scheme . Even first-time offenses for accessing a protected computer without sufficient 'authorization” can be punishable by up to five years in prison each (ten years for repeat offenses), plus fines. Violations of other parts of the CFAA are punishable by up to ten years, 20 years, and even life in prison.” The ACLU agrees and filed suit that it violates everyone's first amendment rights.
'Marty has dedicated years of his life to fighting for the human rights of institutionalized children. He would often spend 8 hours at his job, come home, and spend another 8 hours campaigning against child abuse. He never profited from his activism,” according to a statement on FreeMartyG.org. 
The statement goes on to say:
'In 2013, Marty began a campaign against troubled teen industry institution Logan River Academy. Dozens of survivors left heartwrenching petition comments and some created videos.
Marty's story first hit main stream media after he and his wife experienced trouble with their boat and were rescued by a Disney Cruise Ship . Since the FBI left out Justina's name and her suffering from its complaint against him, many outlets merely printed that he allegedly 'cyber-attacked' a hospital.
Marty's family and friends have launched the #FreeMartyG campaign to set the record straight and call on the public to show their support for him.”
Justina Pelletier was tortured by the Boston Children's Hospital and denied treatment for her mitochondrial disease and her medication, according to former BCH employees. Gottesfeld came to her aide in the form of cyber attacks on the hospitals website for awareness of the case.
Gottesfeld has said he will continue his hunger strike until the presidential candidates pledge to protect institutionalized children from abuse . He also said that he wants overzealous federal prosecutors to halt 'political prosecutions” of people accused of crimes he considers harmless.
Gottesfeld also argues that he did not harm patients or expose any private information, so he did not break the CFAA and commit a crime.
Who is Justina Pelletier? That question is answered again by the statement on FreeMartyG.org :
'Justina Pelletier was 14 years old when she arrived at Boston Children's Hospital E.R. with her mother. Both she and her older sister had been diagnosed with mitochondrial disease, a condition that is often genetic and runs in families. However, doctors at Boston Children's Hospital felt her symptoms had psychological causes, and just 4 days after meeting her, wanted to stop successful mitochondrial disease treatments prescribed since 2011.
Fearful for her life, Justina's parents refused to consent to such a radical departure from her well established treatment plan. They tried to discharge their daughter and bring her to previously scheduled appointments with her mitochondrial disease team.
What followed was any family's nightmare. Unwilling to take 'no” for an answer, Boston Children's Hospital urged state officials to take custody of Justina and enforce their new treatment plan. This kind of thing happens more often than you might think. In fact, Boston Children's Hospital even has a name for it. They call it a 'parentectomy” (see the Wray and T. cases, as well as this open letter from a former federal prosecutor.) 
Pelletier's abuse did not end at the Boston Children's Hospital. It expanded to a DCF facility in Framingham, Massachusetts when she was transferred to a troubled teen industry facility, Wayside Youth and Family. Her contact with her family was severely limited , it was only after she took to smuggling notes hidden in her art projects describing her suffering that her family figured out.
Jennifer Pelletier describes her little sister's abuse in the video below, she goes on to say how a worker at DCF harassed her sister in the shower :
'It's disgusting to harm a human being it's in humane and these actions that they've done to my sister what they've been harming her for almost 15 months now all of them should be held accountable and they should almost be treated the same way that my sister has been treated to see how hurtful it's been they should be all plucked out of their lives and told that people don't believe in them and have them doubt their own. I don't get how anybody can treat somebody so in humane this needs to end now and Justina needs to be home before May 24th on her 16th birthday and this needs to end now.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBgds6xVMBc
The case gained international attention and even congress's attention when the hashtag '#FreeJustina” trended on Twitter. Jim Lyons spoke out on the floor of the House expressing his disdain for the case and presenting an amendment. Jim went on to say that Justina's parents didn't neglect their daughter and were innocent. He went on to say that 'what we have here is the Department of Children and Family interfering with constitutionally protected parental rights to make medical decisions on behalf of their children.”
Justina Pelletier was eventually allowed to return home. She still hasn't recovered from the torture though. She and her family have sued Boston Children's Hospital and four of its doctors for gross negligence and civil rights violations. When the lawsuit was filed, Justina was quoted saying, 'It was awful. Just imagine being a psych ward without needing to be in a psych ward.” 
Now it's time to bring Marty Gottesfeld home. He fought for Justina Pelletier and others in the troubled teen industry of private 'treatment” centers for years, including fighting to expose Logan River if you can consider donating to my good friends at @FreeAnons to help Marty's defense fund. Marty has written a book called 'Parentectomy” if you wish to read that book and further your knowledge about the troubled teen industry of private treatment centers you can do purchase it on Amazon and support him or here for free in pdf format . You can also listen to Marty answer several questions about his case, his treatment in prison, his hunger strike and his actions in the YouTube playlist below.
It shouldn't be a crime to expose institutional child abuse even a congressional hearing has acknowledged the abuse below in which parents and survivors testified about the abuse that goes on in these privatized centers. Even the U.S. Government Accountability Office investigated the industry in 2007 and again in 2008 finding these centers abusive. Urge your representatives to pass legislation to curb the worst abuses and demand that places that have multiple notable claims of abuse are investigated and in severe cases shutdown.
#FreeMartyG #ShutDownLoganRiver

MAIL MARTY A LETTER LET HIM KNOW HE'S NOT ALONE IN THIS FIGHT! 
Marty Gottesfeld, Inmate #12982104
Donald D. Wyatt Detention Facility
950 High St.
Central Falls, RI 02863 The post Anonymous Hacker Fighting For Justina Pelletier Pleads 'Not Guilty' In Children's Hospital DDoS Attack appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Former Attorney General Janet Reno has died from complications of Parkinson's disease. Reno was Attorney General during the Clinton administration. She was 78. (Nov. 7) 
Reno, a former Miami prosecutor, served nearly eight years as attorney general under President Bill Clinton.
Reno died on Monday from complications of Parkinson's disease, according to her granddaughter, Gabrielle D'Alemberte. Who informed the Associated Press that she died early Monday morning. She is best known in the alternative media community as serving as prosecutor and exonerating the officers involved in Ruby Ridge , Idaho, in 1992 and in Waco, Texas, in 1993. Reno was sworn in as the first female attorney general on March 12, 1993, under the administration of Bill Clinton where she served in the role until 2001.
According to Republican strategist Dick Morris, also a former adviser to President Bill Clinton. Clinton wanted to drop Reno after his first term in office but Reno threatened to tell the media that it was Clinton, not she, who ordered the raid on the compound in Waco that ended with 76 men, women, and children killed when the building was burned to the ground.
'Reno threatened the president with telling the truth about Waco, and that caused the president to back down,” he said. 'Then he went into a meeting with her, and he told me that she begged and pleaded, saying that . . . she didn't want to be fired because if she were fired it would look like he was firing her over Waco,” Morris said. ” And I knew that what that meant was that she would tell the truth about what happened in Waco. 'Now, to be fair, that's my supposition. I don't know what went on in Waco, but that was the cause. But I do know that she told him that if you fire me, I'm going to talk about Waco.”
Morris said Clinton disliked Reno.
'That was after Clinton had told me, 'Janet Reno was the worst mistake I ever made,'” Morris said. 'He hated her.” ~ Source Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT  
The post Former Attorney General Janet Reno has Died at 78 appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In the last few days we have seen numerous tells that not only are the 2016 presidential elections rigged, but also the the so called main stream media is actively involved in the rigging. In a Email intercepted by Wikileaks from Todd Macklerr to Donna Brazile and John Podesta a telling exchange clearly mentions, the presetting of the [voting machines] along with a promise that they will be 'humming in November”. If you can remember not long ago we published an article about a White House .Gov petition that received over 100 thousand signatures requesting that the government removes the voting machines connected to George Soros owned companies. 

In this video during the Dr. Phil show the network appeared to 'leak' the poll results, the problem is that this video was shot 4 days before the elections, and while the live 'polls' seem to have Donald Trump in the lead, we also see that all the votes are yet to be counted.
http://wearechange.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/Hillary-Media-collusion.mp4 This paranormal streak continues below, in this video by PayDay Monsanto, where WRCB a NBC affiliate news stations again appeared to have its own predictions about the poll results. This time officially declaring Hillary Rodham Clinton as the winner.
Things start to get even weirder when a woman who works in a book store discovered that
Newsweek already has an issue in print, boxed and ready to ship, declaring Hillary Clinton the winner. 
Newsweek has reportedly shipped thousands of boxes of magazines all across the country. In these boxes are magazines congratulating Hillary on her election win. Congratulations, Madame President. This is less of an election, and more of a selection. The decision has been made. It was always Hillary. If you look at the Wikileaks emails, you will find ample support for collusion and corruption in the Democratic National Committee–why would anyone assume it stopped there?

Those who believe this is evidence of the rigged system point to the bar-code image on the magazine. That would be the last element added to a magazine before publication, and we are yet to see any evidence that Trump could have even the slightest chance of winning even though some polls, and most cyberspace discussion seems to have him in the lead.

Follow  on SOCIAL MEDIA SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange 
fbook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange I nstagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange Sign up become a patron and Show your support for alternative news for Just 1$ a month you can help Grow  We use Bitcoin Too ! 12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP Join and Up Vote Our STEEMIT The post The Fix Is In' Hillary Wins! and The Media Knows It.. appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

Hillary Clinton's election night fireworks have reportedly been cancelled, after reports surfaced last week that she was already planning her victory celebration for Tuesday night.
A report from the New York Post claimed that law enforcement and fire department officials in New York City were being prepped for a 'barge-launched pyrotechnic display off Manhattan's Javits Center, where Clinton and running mate Tim Kaine will join their supporters for the Nov. 8 vote count.” The show was planned for 9:30 p.m. EDT, half an hour after the polls close.
While the Jacob K. Javits Center where Clinton is hosting the event has a symbolic glass ceiling , it is also important to note that the company she is reportedly using for the fireworks display is Garden State Fireworks. The same company produced the fireworks special for the grand opening of the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, NJ, in 2007.
Former Republican nominee Mitt Romney made similar plans in 2012. According to a report from the Daily Caller, the Romney campaign planned 'an eight-minute, $25,000 fireworks show over Boston Harbor to celebrate a victory over Barack Obama that never happened.” 
Report of Clinton's celebration drew criticism on Twitter, with some users resurrecting calls of a rigged election:
Oh, so #HillaryClinton already booked the fireworks? https://t.co/jiRSjKmclH 
— Andrew Wilkow (@WilkowMajority) November 1, 2016 
"She will still try to steal the election…….that's what criminals do." — nobamunism https://t.co/KJdFJgbgpE 
— Luana H. (@LuanaMacLac) November 1, 2016 
Hillary must be pretty confident her cronies will snag the election for her to plan fireworks victory celebration. https://t.co/xPcUqF1RqI 
— Copper Penny (@wallingfordgurl) November 1, 2016 

NYPD chief of intelligence Tommy Galati, Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James O'Neill held a press conference on Election Day security on Monday morning, where they revealed that the fireworks show has been cancelled.
'They do have a permit for fireworks, but at this point we believe the fireworks is canceled,” Galati said.
When asked what the reason was behind the cancellation, Galati said, 'I cannot tell you that.” 
 
Follow Rachel Blevins on Facebook and Twitter . 
 
 
The post Does Hillary Clinton Already Know The Results Of The Election? appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this video Luke Rudkowski covers the latest news of Wikileaks emails released by Juliana Assange showing how CNN asked the DNC for questions to ask Donald Trump. This is clear rigging of the election for Hillary Clinton. We go over more main stream media collusion and how to defeat them by doing their job better then them. If you want to take part in that invest in our media organization here https://www.patreon.com/wearechange
Buy the new  t-shirt because you will enjoy shredding the Clinton News Network in public!

Sources
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aZA8…
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMgam…
https://milo.yiannopoulos.net/2016/11…
http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/wik…
https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emai…
https://twitter.com/rooshv/status/795…
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/t…
http://dailycaller.com/2016/11/07/hus…
https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/…
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CwqlomaUs…
https://twitter.com/TheDCPolitics/sta…
http://www.dcclothesline.com/2016/11/…
http://dailycaller.com/2016/11/06/lea…
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CwqojhuVE…
————————————————————————————————-
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a…
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP
The post CNN IS OFFICIALLY RIGGING THE ELECTION FOR CLINTON, ALL CREDIBILITY LOST appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this latest Project Veritas video an undercover journalist is offered Huma Abedin's ballot while wearing a full burka and not even questioned.
She is then told that she can vote via a paper ballot instead of voting with a voting machine. Alan Schulkin, a Democratic Elections Commissioner in NYC then explains on video how voter fraud can be committed when people wear burkas inside polling locations on Election Day.
The video starts with the undercover PV journalist talking to Alan Schulkin, the Democratic Elections Commissioner in NYC in which the journalist says, 'Not only just voter ID because of voting twice, but people can cover their faces, you know what I'm saying?”
Alan Schulkin responds, 'Well the Muslims can do that too. You don't know who they are.”
The PV journalist then proceeds to test out the information that Alan Schulkin gave to her. An election official then questions the journalist dressed in full burka.
'Do you know where you're going?” The journalist responds, 'No.”
The official then asks the PV journalist for her address in which she responds '254 Park Avenue South.”
The election official then gives the PV journalist a number in line. The video cuts back to Alan Schulkin and the PV journalist's conversation in which the PV journalist says, 'Especially, all those burkas someone could claim, oh it's my religion, but then you don't know if they are pretending or not.”
Alan Schulkin responds 'Exactly!”
The journalist then proceeds to vote under the name 'Huma Abedin,” after talking to an election official who greets her with 'Good morning, last name?”
The PV journalist responds, 'Abedin”
What follows is shocking, 'Since we don't have your name in the book. You can fill out an affidavit ballot. Ok?” the official says.
The official then asks the PV journalist if she is 'Democrat or Republican?” The journalist responds troll-fully 'Huma Abedin is a registered Democrat.”
The election official then responds 'I don't have your name in the book but you can vote with a paper ballot.”
The segment then cuts back to Alan Schulkin in which he makes a racist comment about Muslims.
'They detonate bombs in public schools which we're using that could disrupt the whole election.”
The PV journalist responds 'Yeah but they could do it wearing a burka. But then no one could say oh wait let me see your voter ID because they don't have ID because they don't want to discriminate because they are wearing a burka.”
Schulkin responds again agreeing with the journalist 'exactly” he says.
She then continues to explain. 'But no one can do that because your going to offend them, but then it's like, hey now, I'm not a Muslim but I can go in there you know?”
The video then cuts back to the election official speaking to the PV journalist 'But your names not in the book, for some reason it's not here, but that doesn't mean you can't vote by paper ballot. You just can't vote by machine.” the election official repeats.
'Okay so I can vote today by paper ballot?” the PV journalist responds.
'Yes, yes,” the election official responds.
The journalist then reiterates that she is voting as Huma Abedin to the official who still hasn't caught on.
'So I can vote today as Huma Abedin, but just with a paper ballot?'
The election official then responds 'Whatever you want if that's you. If that's the name you voted with last election, and you haven't changed your name?”
'Okay Ill be back. I'm going to go call my husband Anthony.” The PV journalist then walks away and is told to 'come back later” by the election official.
The video ends with a final cut back to Alan Schulkin in which he makes the statement, 'Your vote isn't really counting because they can go in there with a burka on and you don't know if they are a voter.” He adds, 'your vote gets discounted because they come in there with a burka on and they can vote. People think it's a liberal thing to do, but I take my vote very seriously and I don't want ten other people coming in negating my vote by voting for the other candidate when they're not even registered voters.”
 
 
 
 
 
The post Project Veritas Undercover Journalist in Full Burka Is Offered Huma Abedin's Ballot appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
According to the Code of Ethics for Journalism (yes we have one of those):
'A journalist should behave in such a way as not to become a victim of a collision of real or hidden interests.
He/she should reject privileges or presents which could influence his/her opinion or create such an impression. They should not take part in activities that endanger his/her professional integrity.The professional status of the journalist is not compatible with occupying a position in state bodies, or in the headquarters of political parties and other political organizations. If work in political parties causes conflict of interests, raises or may raise the question of objectivity of mass media, it is not acceptable. Conflicts of interests damage the prestige of mass media.” 
That being said, award winning journalist and The Huffington Post founder Arianna Huffington sought a 'useful' role in the Democratic party, and pledged to use HuffPost to 'Echo [the DNC's] Message'.
The part-time media tycoon and full-time socialite sought to play a 'useful” role within the Democratic Party establishment by using her website to quote 'echo” the party message, according to emails published by WikiLeaks.

In an April 2008 email to top Democratic operatives, including Paul Begala, Stan Greenberg, David Brock, and current Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, Democratic operative Susan McCue relayed a discussion she had with Huffington about advancing the Democratic cause in an official capacity.
Huffington, explained McCue, suggested that she would be more comfortable in a role of covert influence, and 'using Huffpo to echo our message.” The media tycoon 'has a point,” McCue conceded.
Back in October a HuffPo writer by the name of David Seamen went public that HuffPo and Arianna, was editing and censoring his material. https://youtu.be/hIcImy1MKuc Funny thing is that just prior to David going public the DNC held an 'Off-the-Record” party for main stream reporters, news anchors, and editors. Guccifer 2.0 provided The Intercept with emails revealing 'friendly and highly useful relationships” between the Clinton campaign and the U.S. media. Those emails showed that the Clinton campaign held a private, 'off-the-record” dinner with 'influential reporters, anchors and editors” No wonder only 6 percent of Americans trust the media. Here is the full list of RSVPs:

Back in 2011, Huffington praised Wikileaks, saying: 'If I ruled the world, my first goal would be to make it easier to cut through to the facts. At the moment, we are all drowning in spin, smokescreens and lies. Those who perpetrated the two biggest policy disasters of the past ten years—the Iraq war and the financial crisis—could not have pulled their work off without a lack of transparency. So greater transparency would be at the top of my agenda..The internet has already shown great promise in cutting through spin. YouTube, Twitter, email, and turbocharged search engines have made it easier to expose our leaders' distortions. But if I were in charge, I'd go much further to protect the rights of disclosure and free speech on the internet, and challenge the press—particularly in America—to break its addiction to faux objectivity.”
In the video below Arianna Huffington, founder of The Huffington Post, gets confronted by Luke Rudkowski of WeAreChange about censoring Jesse Ventura's 9/11 article.
https://youtu.be/J-5JgDG7HcY The post Arianna Huffington Exposed Colluding With DNC in New WikiLeaks Emails appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this video Luke Rudkowski interviews Matt a computer programmer who's allowing everyone to run there own election polls. Already 800,000 people in the U.S were independently polled and the findings contradict the main stream media polls.
https://www.callforamerica.com/ 
The post THE POLLS CAN NO LONGER BE RIGGED THIS ELECTION appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
On note of the suggestive coded messages in Podesta's emails and suspicion of child trafficking one email in particular discusses convicted House Speaker pedophile Dennis Hastert.

Hastert was convicted and sentenced to a measly 15 months in jail for molesting four boys last April. Hastert paid someone referred to as 'Individual A” $3.5 million in hush money . You can read Hasterts indictment here. 
In the emails Richard L. 'Jake” Siewert, Jr. the head of corporate communications for Goldman Sachs , forwards John Podesta with the subject line: 'Tax Breaking News” a politico story about Dennis Hastert. Siewert then says to John Podesta, 'Might be time for Denny to vanish to an undisclosed Japanese island.” Podesta never replied or his reply hasn't been found yet.
'The Justice Department on Thursday announced an indictment against former House Speaker Dennis Hastert for allegedly structuring cash transactions to avoid financial reporting rules and lying to the FBI about his conduct. A grand jury in Illinois charged that Hastert agreed to pay an unnamed individual $3.5 million as part of an effort to conceal 'his prior misconduct.”
'Might be time for Denny to vanish to an undisclosed Japanese island.”
Federal Judge Thomas Durkin the judge that sentenced Hastert is quoted calling Hastert, a 'serial child molester.”
FBI translator whistle-blower Sibel Edmonds and James Corbett covered the real Dennis Hastert case back in October, 2015, that the mainstream media wouldn't dare touch pedophilia, blackmail, Graymail and drug money. 
In 2015, Sibel launched a social network campaign to expose Dennis Hastert's real crimes. 
Sibel is quoted calling the Hastert scandal 'too deep, too dark” and said that it 'covers too many people from both sides of the political aisle for it to ever proceed in public.”
Before that in 2009, Sibel Edmonds testified in a deposition after being gagged for years about her personal knowledge of treason, blackmail of Members of Congress, bribery, and other criminal activities, including pedophilia in the government while working as a translator. Specifically Sibel talked about Dennis Hastert years ago on June 1st, 2008. In which Sibel said that, 'Hastert was caught on FBI wiretaps accepting bribes from Turkish criminal elements associated with the Turkish government, as documented in Vanity Fair in 2005 and elsewhere .” Sibels history with Dennis Hastert didn't start there though, before that Edmond's published a gallery which included Hastert's picture in response to being gagged.
In her deposition, 'Sibel testified that it was well known that Hastert engaged in these activities in non-secure locations and was videotaped” Cynthia McKinney, writes.
Former U.S. representative Cynthia McKinney also knew about the pedophilia within the government in 2005. She grilled Rumsfeld on DynCorp's child trafficking business selling women and children. None of this is new see our previous article on elite pedophilia on the Franklin cover up, the finders etc. It's the elite's dirty little secret so it wouldn't surprise me if Podesta's emails really were child trafficking coded messages . Especially since internet sleuths at reddit and /pol/ have connected some shocking dots regarding Podesta and Clinton friends. Even if some of it is far fetched like the Podesta brothers kidnapping of Madeleine Beth McCann doesn't mean this research should be ignored.
We are at war and to quote Sibel Edmonds one final time.
'Sure. They have all the mega print and TV outlets. But we have the power of numbers, resolve and persistence. And we have this website, the internet and all the social networks and forums that go with it.”
~Sibel Edmonds, writes.
Iv provided a link to Sibel Edmond's old website, BoilingFrogsPost and several YouTube videos of her and James Corbett's investigation into the Hastert child abuse scandal. To quote Sibel and James, 'P edophiles Run the Government AND No One Gives a Damn!” Do you?

Sibel relentlessly covered the Hastert scandal and fought to tell us the truth now iv been informed that Sibel needs our help we always tell you to support real independent media and journalist. When we say that we don't only mean us. As alternative media we must stick together to conquer the mainstream media and put the MSM where it belongs in it's grave. Besides covering the Hastert case Sibel has done a lot over the years if you can please help out and donate to Sibel Edmonds's www.newsbud.com project kick-starter . We are the future, the mainstream media is in it's death throes  the peoples funded media.
 
'
The post WIKILEAKS: Emails Discuss Disgraced House Speaker Pedophile Dennis Hastert appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In this video Luke Rudkowski goes over the TOP 5 important issues that voting americans realized this election. Whether its Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton the american people have been exposed to some serious truths this election. To support our work and expand our efforts go to https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange 
Support WeAreChange by Subscribing to our channel HERE http://www.youtube.com/subscription_c… 
Visit our main site for more breaking news http://wearechange.org/ 
Patreon https://www.patreon.com/WeAreChange?a… 
SnapChat: LukeWeAreChange
Facebook: https://facebook.com/LukeWeAreChange 
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Lukewearechange 
Instagram: http://instagram.com/lukewearechange 
Rep WeAreChange Merch Proudly: http://wearechange.org/store 
OH YEAH since we are not corporate or government WHORES help us out http://wearechange.org/donate 
We take BITCOIN too
12HdLgeeuA87t2JU8m4tbRo247Yj5u2TVP
The post TOP 5 MIND BLOWING ISSUES VOTING AMERICANS REALIZED THIS ELECTION appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
We will being keeping track of all election anomalies, poll rigging, blocking of the polls, and other shady voting fraud tricks throughout the day that may be used to rig the election this will be updated periodically all day so check back for new information. To make this easy to read and to inform you the voter we will break this down into sections by state in alphabetical order just like I did in August, for the Democratic primary . We really hope that we won't have fill up this whole list and that many remain blank oh yeah and oh good friend James O`Keefe and crew are out there want to become famous? Go ahead rig the election we dare you..
If you're committing #VoterFraud , we're going to find you. #VeritasIsEverywhere #ElectionDay pic.twitter.com/qHULNMuEQ4 
— James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 8, 2016 

If you have a tip regarding any type of electioneering you may email me at An0nKn0wledge@protonmail.ch or Andrew@wearechange.org.
Edward Snowden shows how easy it is to HACK into a US voting machine with a £24 memory card ALABAMA: 
ALASKA: 
ARIZONA: 
ARKANSAS: 
CALIFORNIA: 
COLORADO: 
CONNECTICUT: 
DELAWARE: 
Washington District of Columbia: 
FLORIDA: 
GEORGIA: 
HAWAII: 
IDAHO: 
ILLINOIS: 
INDIANA: 
IOWA: 
KANSAS: 
KENTUCKY: 
LOUISIANA: 
MAINE: 
MARYLAND: 
MASSACHUSETTS: 
MICHIGAN: 
MINNESOTA: 
MISSISSIPPI: 
MISSOURI: 
MONTANA: 
NEBRASKA: 
NEVADA: 
Clinton's Campaign Just Got Busted Impersonating Union Nurses in Nevada 
NEW HAMPSHIRE: 
NEW JERSEY: 
NEW MEXICO: 
NEW YORK: 
Misleading NYC Election Mailer Could Be Bad News for Trump, Sanders 
NORTH CAROLINA: 
NORTH DAKOTA: 
OHIO: 
VOTER FRAUD! Before The OH Primary, Voters Noticed Something STRANGE On The Ballot… Do You See It? 
OKLAHOMA: 
OREGON: PENNSYLVANIA: 
View post on imgur.com "My name is Brittany Foreman… and today I witnessed Voter Fraud." #VoterFraud ILLEGAL. Please SHARE pic.twitter.com/5Plk8FszuT 
— Philly GOP (@PhillyGOP) November 8, 2016 
In Philadelphia tailing a pastor's bus that's bussing people to the polls. #VeritasIsEverywhere & we will catch your #VoterFraud . @PhillyGOP pic.twitter.com/FY9UPOQolp 
— James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 8, 2016 

Puerto Rico: 
RHODE ISLAND: 
SOUTH CAROLINA: 
SOUTH DAKOTA: 
TENNESSEE: 
TEXAS: 
UTAH: 
VERMONT: 
VIRGINIA: 
Virgin Islands: 
WASHINGTON: 
WEST VIRGINIA: 
WISCONSIN: 
WYOMING: 
 
The post Live Blog: Voting Fraud Exposed Nationwide appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 

While many Americans headed to the polls to vote in the 2016 election on Tuesday, Secretary of State John Kerry traveled to… Antarctica.
Kerry's trip will include a visit to the McMurdo and Amundsen-Scott South Pole stations, which will make him the first Secretary of State to visit Antarctica, according to a press release from the National Science Foundation.
It comes at a curious time, given the ongoing election. When asked about the timing, State Department spokesman John Kirby insisted that its purpose is 'to talk to researchers and scientists largely about climate change research.” 
A reporter responded by questioning the legitimacy of the trip, noting, 'There's some criticism that this trip is basically, you know, the Secretary wants to knock Antarctica off his bucket list and he's doing it on taxpayer expense.” 
Kirby insisted that it is important for Kerry 'to see firsthand what we are learning about the environment down there on the South Pole.” 
'As an individual who has literally championed climate change research and awareness for decades now, the secretary is and will remain committed to increasing the awareness and education of the public about this,” Kirby said.

The location of Kerry's trip is also interesting. Russian scientists drew criticism in 2012 for drilling into Antarctica's 'Alien” Lake Vostok, which scientists claim went 'undisturbed by sunlight for over 15 million years.” 
Theories as to what is under the surface of the lake—which is considered the sixth largest in the world— include oil, a secret Nazi base with Hitler's remains, nuclear energy, Atlantis, and of course, a UFO landing site.
Kerry's trip will add to his lead as the Secretary of State who has traveled the most miles, with over 1.3 million since 2013. This sends him even further ahead former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who traveled 956,733 miles from 2009 to 2013.
In addition to staying away from the polls in the U.S. where he would be expected to vote for Clinton, Kerry is also showing her up by reminding the world that he beat her in total miles traveled—an area where Clinton was very competitive.
In 2010, Clinton wrote an email to her top aide Huma Abedin asking , 'What's my total now?” 
'We have 36 trips to date,” Abedin responded, noting that Clinton needed at least four more to beat the record of 1.06 million set by Condoleezza Rice.
 
Follow Rachel Blevins on Facebook and Twitter . 
The post Election Heats Up: Kerry Heads To The Poles…In ANTARCTICA WTF appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Some call it victim-blaming. Others call it reality. I call it the natural outcome of decades of insanity.
Please share if you agree.
Find Carey around the internet:
Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/user/Careyeli… 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/CareyWedler 
Twitter/Instagram: @Carey Wedler
All images and video protected under Fair Use.
Music: 'Moth” by Silent Partner
The post This Is Why America Will Get the President it Deserves appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
By J. Christian Adams
Via PJ Media

Leaked funding documents reveal an effort by George Soros and his foundations to manipulate election laws and process rules ahead of the federal election far more expansively than has been previously reported.
The billionaire and convicted felon moved hundreds of millions of dollars into often-secret efforts to change election laws, fuel litigation to attack election integrity measures, push public narratives about voter fraud, and to integrate the political ground game of the left with efforts to scare racial minority groups about voting rights threats.
These Soros-funded efforts moved through dozens of 501(c)(3) and (c)(4) charities and involved the active compliance with civil rights groups, government officials, and purportedly non-partisan groups like the League of Women Voters.
The leaked documents also reveal deliberate and successful efforts to manipulate media coverage of election issues in mainstream media outlets like the The New York Times . 
Conservatives and Republicans have no opposing effort or source of funds that represents even a small fraction in opposition to level of the Soros-led manipulation contained in the leaked documents.
The documents reveal that the Soros campaign fueled litigation attacking election integrity measures, such as citizenship verification and voter ID. It funded long-term efforts to fundamentally transform election administration — including the creation of databases that were marketed to state governments for use in voter verification. It propped up left-leaning media to attack reports of voter fraud, and conducted racially and ideologically targeted voter registration drives.
The racially targeted voter registration drives were executed at the same time Soros dollars were funding other public relations efforts to polarize racial minority groups by scaring them about the loss of voting rights and the dangers of police officers.
The Soros documents reveal hundreds of millions of dollars being poured into the effort to transform the legal and media environment touching on elections. One document notes that poverty-alleviation programs are being de-emphasized for this new effort. It states: 'George Soros has authorized U.S. Programs to propose a budget of $320 million over two years, with the understanding that the annual budget for U.S. Programs will be $150 million beginning in 2013.”
The purpose of the expansion is clear:
The increase in Democracy and Power Fund budget will expand funding of non-partisan voter engagement to catalyze participation from African-American, Latino, immigrant, and youth communities in particular, and to ensure a fair and just redistricting process. The increase in the Transparency and Integrity Fund will expand support for election reform, judicial independence and journalism.
Below are some highlights of this expansive Soros-funded campaign to alter the legal environment and rules of American elections.
Read more: https://pjmedia.com/jchristianadams/2016/11/07/leaked-documents-reveal-expansive-soros-funding-to-manipulate-federal-elections/

The post Leaked Documents Reveal Expansive Soros Funding to Manipulate Federal Elections appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
In a new video investigating voter fraud released by Project Veritas Action Fund (PVA), a plot to bus impoverished voters – – told who to vote for – to the polls is caught on hidden camera.
In the video, PVA journalists posing as political consultants met Reverend Marlon Mack of Sweet Home Baptist Church in Gary, Indiana to discuss how to influence the election. Mack spoke of his political influence, prompting the PVA journalists to schedule a meeting with Reverend Mack and a friend of his, Reverend Marion Johnson, to see what their plans were for Election Day.
'We've got people to get on school buses and go to Indianapolis and the state houses and we just need you to show up,” said Mack.
'They didn't even know what they were going down there for, all they know is the Pastor asked them,” said Johnson.
Mack and Johnson explained how they bus minority members of their community congregation to the polls and tell them how to vote.
'The thing is, I keep repeating this, our people getting to the polls. If we get our people to the polls they know who to vote for. It's not going to be, 'Oh who do I vote for?' Because we're going to tell them who to vote for,” said Johnson.
IRS code provides that 501 (c) 3 organizations cannot 'Participate in, or intervene in, any political campaign on behalf of/in opposition to any candidate for public office.” Pastors and church staff should not be using church resources to engage in political campaigns.
'My thing is this. What I do is tell people who I am going to vote for. I say I'm voting for Hillary Clinton. And that's automatically telling our congregation to vote for Hillary Clinton,” said Johnson…And you see all these vans rolling to the polls. With the name of the church and the pastor's name on the side. And they know that the Pastor's providing that. They know who they're voting for. They know who they're supporting,” said Johnson.
'We have church vans… I mean literally, we can have twenty vans roll up,” said Mack.
Reverend Mack and Reverend Johnson told PVA journalists times that they were sure their community would follow their lead at the polls, as long as they had the funds. They also were hoping that the PVA journalists would connect them with a donor to fund their 'get out the vote” efforts and they had a very specific way they wanted the donation to be made so that a paper trail wasn't left.
'He could possibly make the check to you. You cash the check and give cash. Or he could make the check to a particular church and then it works out as a charitable donation, because it looks like he just gave a donation to the church,” said Mack.
In an effort to avoid making their 501(c) 3 violation apparent, the Reverends suggested that the check be made as an anonymous charitable donation.
On Election Day, PV journalists traveled to Gary, IN to see if they would be told for whom to vote.
PV Journalist: 'So should I just vote straight ticket Democrat?”
Mack: 'That would be nice…you're heading to the polls and don't really have a lot of information to deal with issues…that would be probably the best bet…So prayerfully you'll go in and just hit straight Democratic ticket and give us the help that we need.”
The post Holy Voter Fraud: Reverends Caught on Cam, 'We Tell Them Who To Vote For” appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
ISIS encouraged attacks on U.S. polling stations in a message they posted to the internet earlier in the week.
Now it seems that ISIS might be carrying out those threats it's been reported that an active shooter is around the Azusca, California polling station.
One person has been reported killed, Four reported injured according to the LATimes, but this number may climb this is an active shooting situation the shooter is said to be heavily armed and anyone near Azusca California is advised to seek safety.
Update: One person has died as a result of the shooting near a polling station in Azusa; at least 3 others injured https://t.co/XB9VWafNWp pic.twitter.com/9kHlI22PSV 
— Los Angeles Times (@latimes) November 8, 2016 

(THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS STORY, AND WILL BE UPDATED AS NEW INFORMATION BECOMES AVAILABLE.)
The post BREAKING: Active Shooter Azusa, CA Polling Station, Multple Injured 1 DEAD (LIVE BLOG) appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

 
Dow Jones Futures are plummeting -650 as I write this. It's a repeat of Brexit as investors are panicking probably because Hillary would continue to allow them to prop their business model up on Fraud.

While Trump would drain the swamp of wall st. Trump would also change tax laws further causing their business model that rolling-stone writer Matt Taibi called fraudulent in 2012.When Matt said that 'Everything Is Rigged.” 
' Maybe the conspiracy theorist were right the markets are rigged the illuminati were amateurs ,” he wrote.
Donald Trump pulled ahead of Hillary Clinton in both electoral votes and in battleground states – Florida, Ohio and North Carolina. The U.S. dollar USDJPY, -3.44% slumped 2.4% to ¥102.48 according to marketwatch.
10:30 P.M. EST – DOW JONES -650 points.
 
 
 
The post BREAKING: STOCKS PLUMMET -650 DOW AS TRUMP PROJECTED TO BEAT CLINTON (LIVE BLOG) appeared first on  .

ARTICLE

We Are Change 

Republican nominee Donald Trump will become the 45th president of the Untied States after he surpassed Hillary Clinton and received over 270 electoral votes early Wednesday morning.
Trump's win was called by the Associated Press, and various other outlets, after he received 276 electoral votes from Indiana, Kentucky, West Virginia, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, Kansas, North Dakota, Texas, Wyoming, Arkansas, Louisiana, Montana, Missouri, Ohio, Florida, Idaho, North Carolina, Georgia, Utah, Iowa, Maine, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.
During his victory speech Wednesday, Trump began by announcing that Clinton had called to concede.
In addition to thanks family members for their support, Trump carried a tone of unity throughout the speech, insisting that he led a movement, rather than a campaign.
'Now it's time for America to bind the wounds of division. We have to get together. To all Republicans, and Democrats, and Independents across this nation, I say it time for us to come together as one united people. I pledge to every citizen of our land that I will be president for all Americans, and this is so important to me. For those who have chosen not to support me in the past—of which there were a few people—I'm reaching out to you for your guidance and your help, so that we can work together and unify our great country.” 
Clinton notably did not take the stage at her campaign event in New York, and instead sent her campaign chairman, John Podesta to speak for her.
 
 
 
 
The post Donald Trump Defeats Hillary Clinton, Wins 2016 Election appeared first on We Are Change .

ARTICLE

We Are Change 
Oceti Sakowin, ND – As water protectors dig in for the winter near construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL), many rumors have been circulating about whether DAPL was in fact going to halt construction, as had been requested by the Department of Justice and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in September .
Many claims have been made that the Army Corps of Engineers, in negotiations with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, had ordered a 30-day pause on DAPL construction. As we reported on Sunday , the Army Corps has in fact clarified that the 30-day halt was ' only a proposal ” and no work stoppage has been implemented.
On Monday, November 7th, Unicorn Riot documented active DAPL construction that could be seen from the main Oceti Sakowin encampment.
Morning of Monday November 7th, Dakota Access Pipeline excavators & bulldozers can be seen working from the Oceti Sakowin #NoDAPL camp. pic.twitter.com/ZVze32V4Ik 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) November 7, 2016 

The afternoon of November 8th, 2016, as the US Presidential election was well underway, Dakota Access, LLC released a statement denying recent claims from the Army Corps of Engineers that they had agreed to a slowdown in pipeline construction.
Dakota Access also claims a public statement made by the Army Corps was ' a mistake and the Army Corps intends to rescind it. ”
Dakota Access, LLC had previously made a statement announcing that eviction would take place of the Oceti Sakowin 1851 treaty camp which had been set up directly in the path of the pipeline.
The appearance of Dakota Access making public statements which accurately predicted police actions was denounced in an article by Sarah Lazare at Alternet as ' clear evidence ” of ' outrageous militarized police collusion with Big Oil. ”
The statement by Dakota Access, LLC goes on to claim that they have ' completed construction of the pipeline on each side of Lake Oahe ” and states that they are ' currently mobilizing horizontal drilling equipment to the drill box site. ”
Below you can see drone footage of Dakota Access machines building Hesco barriers , normally used to protect US military bases in war zones like Iraq or Afghanistan, to protect an area believed to be the drill box site from water protectors.
According to the release, Dakota Access expects to have fully mobilized all equipment needed to drill under the Missouri River within 2 weeks. Once all the equipment is in place at the construction site, Dakota Access plans to immediately commence horizontal drilling underneath the river.
Dakota Access, LLC closes their statement by admitting their company is still waiting on two construction permits from the Army Corps of Engineers to start the process of drilling underneath the Missouri River.
Below is the full public statement by Dakota Access, LLC.

The Dakota Access, LLC statement is reported to be in response to a comment given to Bloomberg News on Monday, in which an Army Corps of Engineers spokesman claimed that DAPL had agreed to slow down construction.
In an interview with NowThis on November 2nd, when asked about the Dakota Access Pipeline, President Barack Obama said ' we're gonna let it play out for several more weeks. ”
Democratic Vice Presidential candidate Tim Kaine mentioned in a recent interview the possibility of re-routing the pipeline, which Dakota Access now seems to have repudiated as a possible outcome. DAPL spokeswoman Vicki Granado told the Guardian :
' We are not aware that any consideration is being given to a reroute, and we remain confident we will receive our easement in a timely fashion. ” – Vicki Granado, DAPL spokesperson
Jan Hasselman, attorney for the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, reacted to DAPL's plan to openly pursue drilling:
' Starting construction without permits would be beyond the pale, even for Dakota Access. It is deeply irresponsible to keep putting investors' money into this route when both the President and Senator Tim Kaine are openly discussing rerouting away from Lake Oahe. ” – Jan Hasselman, Attorney
Tuesday's comments from Dakota Access appear intended to reassure investors who may be starting to have doubts about funding the pipeline project. It was reported earlier this week that Norweigan bank DNB was considering withdrawing its loan of $342.36 million to Energy Transfer Partners – almost 10 percent of the total funding for the pipeline.
DNB issued a statement on their website expressing concern:
' DNB is concerned about how the situation surrounding the oil pipeline in North Dakota has developed. The bank will therefore use its position as lender to the project to encourage a more constructive process to find solutions to the conflict that has arisen. If these initiatives do not provide DNB with the necessary comfort, DNB will evaluate its further participation in the financing of the project. ” – DNB statement
On Tuesday, it was announced that the North Dakota Public Service Commission has proposed fining Dakota Access, LLC $15,000 for failing to properly notify state agencies of ancient cultural artifacts discovered at pipeline work sites. Dakota Access is alleged to have violated the terms of its permits by not properly announcing artifact discoveries, as well as by changing the pipeline route without seeking the permission of the Public Service Commission.
Unicorn Riot will continue to regularly provide direct updates about resistance to the Dakota Access Pipeline . Follow our media on Twitter , Facebook , and our website for more information surrounding the ongoing struggles against the Dakota Access Pipeline.
To support our volunteer-operated, horizontally-organized, non-profit media collective please consider a tax-deductible donation:

Unicorn Riot's coverage of the anti-Dakota Access Pipeline struggle #NoDAPL from early summer 2016 to present:
March – May 2016 
March 29th, ' Tribal Citizens Prepare to Blockade Bakken Oil Pipeline '. April 3rd, ' Tribal Citizens Build Camp in Path of Oil Pipeline '. May 5th, ' Sacred Stone Camp Resists Dakota Access Pipeline '. May 27th, ' Dakota Access Pipeline Blockade Enters 2nd Month '. August 2016 
After covering the camp in the spring of 2016, Unicorn Riot returned to Standing Rock Reservation on Wednesday, August 10th, when Standing Rock tribal members and allies blocked the entrance to the Dakota Access Pipeline construction site . On Thursday, August 11th, a dozen or so people were arrested blocking the construction site entrances . Day 3, Friday, the fight to protect land & water intensified around the construction sites of the Dakota Access Pipeline . On the 4th day, the pipeline resistance encampment swelled and prepared for more action . Monday, August 15th, land defenders stormed the construction site halting construction , and the next day construction was halted as well . August 17th saw State Police begin checkpoints, roadblocks, and psyops as protesters united to defend water . August 24th, camps prepared as Federal injunction hearing looms . Camps Organize to Stay as Injunction Postponed . On August 31st, Non-Violent Direct Action Stopped DAPL Construction for Over 6 Hours . September 2016 
September 6, indigenous water protectors swarmed Dakota Access Pipeline site, stopped work September 7, U?pa Nu?pa was interviewed about ongoing #noDAPL actions North Dakota highway patrol refused to release email correspondence with Energy Transfer Partners September 8, ND National Guard took over Dakota Access Pipeline checkpoints Friday, September 9, US Govt. overruled federal judge and requested pipeline construction halted at Lake Oahe Meanwhile, cultural activities continued at #NoDAPL camps despite more arrests/warrants September 13, 20 were arrested during #NoDAPL lockdown, including 2 Unicorn Riot journalists September 14, direct actions continued against Dakota Access Pipeline while legal repression intensified On September 16 a federal judge dissolved the unconstitutional temporary restraining order Dakota Access, LLC had filed against Stranding Rock tribal members September 19, as solidarity protests spread nationwide, the federal appeals court ordered construction temporarily stop on Dakota Access segment as Solidarity Protests Spread Nationwide September 21, #NoDAPL noise demo demanded freedom for jailed water protector Olowan Martinez September 22, water protectors disrupted the annual meeting of the North Dakota Petroleum Council September 25, water protectors planted trees on DAPL construction site In Iowa on September 26, a non-violent direct action from the Mississippi Stand camp stopped DAPL construction for the day September 26, a caravan of water protectors stopped work at DAPL site September 27, militarized police arrested 23 water protectors in DAPL work stoppage September 29, a #NoDAPL solidarity action took place at MN Enbridge office October 2016 
October 3rd-4th saw the 'Toxic Tour,” Governor debate disruption, and water protectors attend their court arraignment October 4, we learned North Dakota Governor Dalrymple's email inbox was full of support for #NoDAPL October 5, Buffer Zone Holds as Caravans Continue to Disrupt DAPL – New Felony Charges October 7, 6 Arrested in Iowa #NoDAPL Action, Including Unicorn Riot Journalist October 8, Iowa Water Protectors Blockade DAPL Drill Site Twice in 24 Hours October 9, Federal Appeals Court Rules to Allow DAPL Construction October 10, 27 Arrests After Water Protectors Pray at DAPL Site on Indigenous People's Day October 12, Lockdown Stops DAPL Construction in Iowa, 3 Arrested, Including Unicorn Riot Journalist October 14, Emails Show North Dakota Budget Bureaucracy Behind #NoDAPL Policing October 16, Direct Actions Continue to Stop DAPL Construction in Iowa and North Dakota October 17, Four Unicorn Riot Journalists Face Charges For Covering #NoDAPL October 17, Water Protectors Blockade Highway in Bismarck, Some Charges Dropped October 20, As DAPL Construction Advances, Water Protectors Continue Direct Action October 22, Water Protectors' Prayer Walk Ends up with 127 Arrests, Including Unicorn Riot Journalist October 23, Law Enforcement Attack Private Drone as Water Protectors Erect Blockade & New Winter Camp October 24, Mississippi Stand Blockades Iowa DAPL Drill Waste Site, Drilling Stops October 25, Records Release: Morton County's Law Enforcement Mutual Aid Assistance Agreement Hundreds Flood Minneapolis City Hall to Demand Local Sheriff Withdraw from North Dakota October 26, Tensions Rise as Pipeline Construction Nears #NoDAPL Blockade October 27, Police and Military Attack Oceti Sakowin Treaty Camp November 2016 
November 1, #NoDAPL Solidarity Rally & Sit-In in Minneapolis Prods Sheriff into Removing Deputies November 1, DAPL Resistance Continues Despite Advancing Construction November 2, Police Attack Water Protectors Defending Sacred Sites November 5, DAPL Construction Nears US Army Corps Land While Still Lacking Permits November 6, Water Protectors Attempt to Reclaim Sacred Burial Site, Demonstrate in Cemetery  
The post Dakota Access Announces Plan to Drill Under Missouri River Within Weeks appeared first on We Are Change .

