ARTICLE

E-mail 
by Brooke Bosca | Top Right News 
Campaigning in Florida on Tuesday evening, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton claimed that she was in New York City on 9/11, when terrorists flew planes into the World Trade Center. She made her claim while discussing terrorism and the threat posed by ISIS. 'I know what happened not far from here at Pulse night club in Orlando,” she said. ' I was in New York City on 9/11 as one of the two senators. I will defeat ISIS. I will protect America .” 
There's only one problem with Hillary's claim… it is a complete and total lie . And it took mere moments for her to be busted for it… Hillary says she was in New York City on 9/11 (She wasn't) pic.twitter.com/3ppmncpeTI 
— Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) November 2, 2016 
Clinton was NOT in New York on 9/11 , according to Politico. As a United States Senator she was in Washington D.C. at her home in Whitehaven when the first plane hit the World Trade Center. She spent most of the day reacting to the attacks in media interviews and joined her colleagues singing 'God Bless America” on the Capitol Hill steps. Clinton flew to New York on September 12, after making a speech on the Senate Floor in the morning. She traveled with her fellow New York Senator Chuck Schumer and Democratic Congressman Charlie Rangel. Clinton toured the disaster site with New York mayor Rudy Giuliani before leaving the city that evening to travel back to Capitol Hill. 
Another day, another lie from Crooked Hillary. The media will BURY this video…PLEASE SHARE this with everyone you know to expose Hillary's LIES… 

ARTICLE

E-mail 
by Jason DeWitt | Top Right News 
Things just went from bad to much worse for Hillary Clinton as the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) expands its investigation of the corrupt Clinton Foundation. 
Fox News Channel's Bret Baier reported stunning developments about the Foundation investigation from two sources inside the FBI — including that an 'indictment” is 'likely” is the case. 
Baier reveals five important new pieces of information in these two short clips. 
The details: 
1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. 
2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. 
3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton's secret server on Anthony Weiner's laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. 
4. Sources within the FBI have told Baier that an indictment is 'likely” in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, 'barring some obstruction in some way” from the Justice Department. 
5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton's server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information have been taken from it. 
Transcript: 
BRET BAIER: Breaking news tonight — two separate sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations into the Clinton emails and the Clinton Foundation tell Fox the following: 
The investigation looking into possible pay-for-play interaction between Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Foundation has been going on for more than a year. Led by the white collar crime division, public corruption branch of the criminal investigative division of the FBI. 
The Clinton Foundation investigation is a, quote, 'very high priority.” Agents have interviewed and reinterviewed multiple people about the Foundation case, and even before the WikiLeaks dumps, agents say they have collected a great deal of evidence. Pressed on that, one sources said, quote, 'a lot of it,” and 'there is an avalanche of new information coming every day.” 
Some of it from WikiLeaks, some of it from new emails. The agents are actively and aggressively pursuing this case. They will be going back to interview the same people again, some for the third time. 
As a result of the limited immunity deals to top aides, including Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, the Justice Department had tentatively agreed that the FBI would destroy those laptops after a narrow review. We are told definitively that has not happened. Those devices are currently in the FBI field office here in Washington, D.C. and are being exploited. 
The source points out that any immunity deal is null and void if any subject lied at any point in the investigation. 
Meantime, the classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through former Democratic Congressman Anthony Wiener's laptop and have found e-mails that they believe came from Hillary Clinton's server that appear to be new, as in not duplicates. 
Whether they contain classified material or not is not yet known. It will likely be known soon. All of this just as we move inside one week until election day. 
Baier gives more details to Fox News Channel's Brit Hume. 
Transcript: 
BRET BAIER: Here's the deal: We talked to two separate sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations. One: The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far… Several offices separately have been doing their own investigations. 
Two: The immunity deal that Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, two top aides to Hillary Clinton, got from the Justice Department in which it was beleived that the laptops they had, after a narrow review for classified materials, were going to be destroyed. We have been told that those have not been destroyed — they are at the FBI field office here on Washington and are being exploited. . 
Three: The Clinton Foundation investigation is so expansive, they have interviewed and re-interviewed many people. They described the evidence they have as 'a lot of it' and said there is an 'avalanche coming in every day.' WikiLeaks and the new emails. 
They are 'actively and aggressively pursuing this case.” Remember the Foundation case is about accusations of pay-for-play… They are taking the new information and some of them are going back to interview people for the third time. As opposed to what has been written about the Clinton Foundation investigation, it is expansive. 
The classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through Anthony Weiner's laptop. They are having some success — finding what they believe to be new emaisls, not duplicates, that have been transported through Hillary Clinton's server. 
Finally, we learned there is a confidence from these sources that her server had been hacked. And that it was a 99% accuracy that it had been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that things had been taken from that… 
There has been some angst about Attorney General Loretta Lynch — what she has done or not done. She obviously did not impanel, or go to a grand jury at the beginning. They also have a problem, these sources do, with what President Obama said today and back in October of 2015… 
I pressed again and again on this very issue… The investigations will continue, there is a lot of evidence. And barring some obstruction in some way, they believe they will continue to likely an indictment. 
Hillary is facing massive consequences for her misdeeds, which voters would do well to consider before electing her president. 
PLEASE SHARE this if you agree Hillary belongs in a prison cell…NOT the Oval Office… 

ARTICLE

By Top Right News on November 8, 2016 in Uncategorized 
by Brian Hayes | Top Right News 
Pennsylvania has emerged as a key battleground state in the 2016 presidential election — the first time a Republican nominee has put the state 'in play” since 1988. Hillary closed her campaign in the state, and has put in tens of millions in ad spending she never expected to need. 
But on Election Day, dozens of reports of voting machine 'irregularities” are coming in from across the Keystone State — every single one from Trump voters. 
Black conservative Aedonis posted this video from his polling place in a Philly suburb, where his machine would not take his Trump vote : this is what I was talking about, they fixed it but it was on some nut shit at first. pic.twitter.com/GO5Y9FCnYN 
— ædonis | hotep (@lordaedonis) November 8, 2016 
And to add insult to injury, before ' calibrating ” the machine (why wasn't it already calibrated before the vote??), Aedonis said the poll worker tried to get him to KEEP the vote for Hillary! 
And in Clinton Township, PA –outside of Pittsburgh — the same thing was reported there! Multiple Trump voters saying their machines would not let them vote for him… 
Top Right News contacted Rep. Metcalfe, and the county registrar to confirm: Not a single Hillary voter has lodged a similar complaint about vote-switching . 
Isn't it funny how 'mis-calibration errors” always seem to benefit the Democrats? 
Donald Trump's campaign has provided a 'hotline” to report suspected election shennanigans: (844) 332-2016, or website form here . UPDATE: Reddit reports YouTube is CENSORING searches for these videos!…PLEASE SHARE THIS post with everyone you can… 

ARTICLE

By Top Right News on November 18, 2016 in Uncategorized 
by Brian Hayes | Top Right News 
President-elect Donald J. Trump just made his decision for the nation's highest legal official: Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama. 
And it's a nightmare for liberal Democrats. 
In fact that's exactly what the Huffington Post called him in their flash headline moments ago… 
Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III, 69, would serve as the nation's top law enforcement official if nominated by Trump and confirmed by his fellow members of the Senate. Sessions, an early Trump backer, is an immigration hard-liner who has been in the Senate since 1997 and previously served as attorney general for the state of Alabama. 
Sessions is as 'hardline” as a conservative can get on the core issues of the Trump Agenda, and signals to Washington that Trump is dead-serious about enforcing laws against illegal immigration, enforcing voter ID and gutting the hard-left 'civil rights division” at the Department of Justice. 
Sessions is a former U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama appointed by Ronald Reagan, and a tough prosecutor with little patience for liberal arguments, and a deep respect for the Constitution. 
Sessions is credited with crafting Trump's entire immigration platform , released last August. His plan includes building a permanent border wall, including details on how he would make Mexico pay for it ; end birthright citizenship , overhaul the refugee program that has overwhelmed America's heartland, enact mandatory E-Verify to block illegals from jobs, a 'pause” in green card approvals to allow unemployed Americans a chance at job positions, and an increase in salaries of H1-B visa holders to stop the undercutting of wages by foreign workers. 
And unlike some cutting-edge picks such as Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, Sessions is almost certain to win speedy confirmation as a sitting, senior Republican Senator. 
The official announcement from Trump's transition team is expected later today. SHARE THIS article if you want Trump to FINALLY enforce the nation's immigration laws… 

