ARTICLE

 
Ivanka Trump's Instagram account stands apart from her father's candidacy. It's the public feed of Ivanka, the brand. 'American wife, mother & entrepreneur. EVP at the Trump Organization. Founder of IvankaTrump.com and #WomenWhoWork,' her bio says. 
Scrolling through, it sometimes feels like an alternate reality. When Donald Trump's presidential campaign is in free fall, or facing controversy, Ivanka is posting a mix of inspirational quotes, family pics, and the occasional selfie. Photos of her on the campaign trail are far and few between. 
That's on purpose. 
'My Women Who Work initiative and my brand, was launched far before the presidential cycle commenced and will continue long afterwards,' she said this month at the Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit. 
Still, the Donald Trump campaign and Ivanka Trump brand do coexist, and it's often jarring to witness them side-by-side. This is the story of the 2016 campaign, juxtaposed with @ivankatrump. 
June 16, 2016: Donald Trump announces his presidential campaign at Trump Tower in New York City. Ivanka introduces him as 'a man who needs no introduction.' Actors are paid to wear shirts and pretend to be supporters. Trump accuses Mexico of sending drugs, rapists, and murders across the border and promises to build a wall on the southern border. 
Ivanka posts a photo of her introduction. See her speech on IvankaTrump.com (link in profile). 
A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Jun 16, 2015 at 4:55pm PDT 
December 7, 2015: Donald Trump calls for a 'total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States' following an ISIS-inspired shooting in San Bernardino. 
Ivanka posts five black and white photos to promote her Ivanka Trump Jewelry campaign. 'I love the idea of elevating an otherwise simple look with stunning accessories,' she writes. 
A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Dec 7, 2015 at 10:56am PST 
February 18, 2016: Donald Trump calls Pope Francis 'disgraceful' after his comment that anyone who wants to build a wall is 'not Christian.' 
'No leader, especially a religious leader, has the right to question another man's religion or faith,' Trump says. 
Ivanka posts a photo with the (Link in profile) to her next #dinner #menu. 'The #recipes are sure to warm you up when it's cold outside!' she writes. 
A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Feb 18, 2016 at 2:15pm PST 
March 13, 2016: Donald Trump says he will pay the legal fees of a man accused of assaulting a protester at his rally in North Carolina. 
'From what I heard, there was a lot of taunting and a certain finger was placed in the air,' he says on 'Meet The Press.' 'I don't condone what he did. But you know what, not nice for the other side, either.' 
Ivanka posts that she finally saw @HamiltonMusical the previous night and was blown away. 
'Definitely a must-see!' she writes, with two thumbs up emoji. 
A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Mar 13, 2016 at 6:58pm PDT 
March 30, 2016: Donald Trump defends his then-campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, who the day before was charged with battery after being accused of grabbing then-Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields. Trump tells 'Today' Fields lied. 
Ivanka posts an inspirational #WomenWhoWork quote from Dorit Jaffee about tranquility. 
A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Mar 16, 2016 at 6:37am PDT 
September 30, 2016: Donald Trump goes on an early morning tweetstorm, attacking Hillary Clinton and Alicia Machado, a former Miss Universe contestant Trump once called 'Miss Piggy' and 'Miss Housekeeping,' between 3 a.m. to 5 a.m. He accused Machado of being in a sex tape, which she was not. 
Ivanka posts a photo of a woman with a card in her purse that reads 'Women Who Do It All' and writes 'The weekend is calling your name! #WomenWhoWork.' 
A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Sep 30, 2016 at 11:03am PDT 
October 22, 2016: During a policy speech in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, Donald Trump threatens to sue the women who have accused him of sexual misconduct. 
'Every woman lied when they came forward to hurt my campaign,' he says. 'Total fabrication. The events never happened. Never. All of these lill be sued after the election is over.' 
Ivanka posts a looping video of her feet in front of a toasty fire.
ARTICLE

Getty - Tim Sloan IJR Opinion is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
A Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton presidency is rather mind-boggling to many of us. At last check, there are over 300 million people in the United States, and we can't find anyone better than HRC and 'The Donald'? 
Sadly, we are watching the American presidential election devolve into a competition between the DNC and the GOP as to who can put forward the most corrupt, asinine, power hungry candidate possible. Although the race to the bottom is a voting conundrum for both sides, the extreme left has posited a unique argument that can help social conservatives when it comes to personal principles and the voting booth. 
In a world where biological sex is gleefully separated from gender identification, shouldn't it be acceptable that one might separate selecting a candidate from voting for him or her? Put another way: if having male genitalia doesn't necessarily make you male, then selecting someone for president doesn't necessarily mean that you voted for that person. Right? 
This type of disconnected reality is only fair if everyone can play the game. Wow - this is an existential moment! I feel better already. To quote The Kinks : 'Girls will be boys, and boys will be girls. It's a mixed up, muddled up, shook up world…' 
Thank you, transgender community, for helping me work through this 'mixed up, muddled up' election. Although I will select Donald Trump for President of the United States, I will not be voting for him. 
That's right. I'm voting for three reasons and three reasons only: 
I'm voting to curtail the Clintons' power. 
I'm voting to curtail the Clintons' power. 
I'm voting to curtail the Clintons' power. 
There you have it: three solid reasons for selecting Donald Trump without voting for him. It's time to be pragmatic. It's time to select a candidate who will create the greatest amount of disturbance within the system albeit with the least amount of power. 
Who might that be? Let's see: ' eeny, meeny, miny, moe , H-R-C has got to go! ' Really, people - how long are we going to elect the same old political hacks who have consolidated their power for decades? 
It is amazing that in a 'free' country we've allowed the Clintons to run the DNC (and thus a fair portion of Washington, D.C.) for nearly 30 years! They have manipulated the system for their personal gain to the tune of $110 million! They are willing to sell our country to the nation or company that will pay the highest speaking fee . They lie, cheat, and steal their way to the top. 
Is this not problematic? Power - and the lack of - is the most important thing for the next president, yet the media isn't discussing it. 
Here's the most substantial difference between Donald Trump and HRC. If elected, Donald Trump would have a fraction of the power of HRC. For crying out loud: 2/3 of the GOP is already against him . Do you hear any major resistance rising up against HRC by DNC insiders? No. Progressives should wake up to the fact that if they vote for HRC, then they prove that their Occupy Wall Street, stick-it-to-the-man gig is a complete sham. 
Indeed, if progressives vote for HRC, then they're either quintessential hypocrites who couldn't care less about the American people or they're complete idiots being played like a drum by the powers that be in the DNC. 
Make no mistake about it. I'll select Trump's name for president, but I'm not voting for him. Rather, I'm voting to limit the power of the presidency; I'm voting to stop HRC's quest to become the first Queen of America by wielding the power of her husband's former kingship. 
Wake up, America! We fought a revolution to prevent such a consolidation of power. I would like to think Americans are smart enough to stop the Clintons from gaining even more of it. 
Proverbs 15:27 - 'He who is greedy for gain troubles his own house.' 
ARTICLE

Getty - Chip Somodevilla 
Two of Hillary Clinton's top advisers, including her campaign chairman, agreed in a leaked email exchange that the Democratic nominee's 'instincts can be terrible.' 
Clinton adviser Neera Tanden, president of the far-left Center for American Progress, wrote to John Podesta on Sept. 6, 2015, to check in. 
'How are you feeling about things?' she wrote. 
Biden will get in 
We are still way more likely than not to win nomination 
We've taken on a lot of water that won't be easy to pump out of the boat. 
Most of that has to do with terrible decisions made pre-campaign, but a lot has to do with her instincts. 
She's nervous so prepping more and performing better. 
Got to do something to pump up excitement but not certain how to do that. 
Tanden agreed about Clinton's 'instincts' in her response: 
You know I'm not a sycophant to you by any means. But the thing that makes me most confident she will prevail is that you are there. 
Almost no one knows better me that her instincts can be terrible. 
She does have to give time to allow new things to take hold. Clinton's campaign chair John Podesta and adviser Neera Tanden agree on Hillary: "...her instincts can be terrible" pic.twitter.com/spAihHm9IP — Jason Howerton (@jason_howerton) October 26, 2016 
Trump used the email during the Las Vegas presidential debate, claiming even Clinton's own campaign chairman thinks her instincts are terrible, causing Podesta to push back and express his 'love' for Clinton in a statement to The Daily Mail: 
'No, I think, you know, I love Hillary Clinton and I think if any fair reading of what I've said about her or what I think about her indicates that I think she is someone who's a tremendous leader who's gotten tremendous results for kids, for families, for people throughout her public service.' Image Credit: Rick Wilking-Pool/Getty Images 
In another awkward email exchange , Podesta and Tanden wondered in shock why Clinton's team didn't disclose information about her private email server long before her presidential campaign to avoid the distraction. 
'Why didn't they get this stuff out like 18 months ago? So crazy,' Tanden wrote to Podesta. 
'Unbelievable,' Podesta replied. 
Then Tanden answered her own question: '[I] guess I know the answer. [T]hey wanted to get away with it.' 
ARTICLE


It's the twelfth, or even better, thirteenth time you've carved pumpkins for Jack-O'-Lanterns and it's becoming a real drag. 
Have no fear, trickshooter Kirsten Joy Weiss is here...with a way to brighten up your Halloween Day—while making it a bit smokier as well. 
All you need is a .22 rifle, a few pumpkins, ammunition, and a safe space away from people (especially liberals) to do your worst to our favorite holiday gourd. 
Oh, and this handy tip from our guide: You're not looking to carve a hideous grin on your pumpkin using the bullet entries, but rather you're going for the exit points to get that ghoulish appearance. 
That's sure to make an impression on your trick-or-treaters. (Yeah, you bet they'll be picking 'treat.') 
Our expert guide also recommends making it a game. But just like with Halloween trick-or-treating, always practice safety first. Happy Halloween! 
ARTICLE

The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
Following Monday's release of the Project Veritas video in which Democrat operatives are seen discussing Hillary Clinton's personal involvement in a stunt to embarrass Donald Trump for not releasing his tax returns, James O'Keefe began to troll Hillary on Twitter over his next release—a 'birthday surprise.' Today is Hillary's 69th birthday. — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) October 26, 2016 
O'Keefe also tagged Americans United for Change director Brad Woodhouse, whom he taunted yesterday about the pending video release. If you notice @woodhouseb is nervous & losing his temper on TV. Stay tuned tomorrow Brad, because you're going to have a busy busy day. pic.twitter.com/P63xAhMlB7 — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) October 25, 2016 Hi, @HillaryClinton & @woodhouseb . When you were coordinating, did you take money from a bank in BELIZE and then return it AFTER first vid? — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) October 26, 2016 
Independent Journal Review will update this post as soon as Hillary Clinton's 'birthday gift' drops. And... here it is. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Chip Somodevilla 
Each Republican presidential candidate had to pledge their support for the eventual GOP nominee when they filed their initial statement of intent to run and be placed on the ballot in the South Carolina primary, no matter what. But it remains unclear of what will happen for candidates who break that rule. 
When a candidate files to be on the ballot in South Carolina, they must write down their name and address before a signing below a paragraph that in part reads: 
'I hereby affirm that I generally believe in and intend to support the nominees and platform of the Republican Party in the November 8, 2016 general election...' 
But a handful of Republicans have opted out of that promise to endorse Donald Trump, including Ohio Governor John Kasich, former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, former New York Governor George Pataki and Sen. Lindsey Graham. In addition, businesswoman Carly Fiorina withdrew her previous endorsement of Trump. 
And if those candidates want to run again, they might face considerable hurdles in the Palmetto state, according to top Republican officials. 
South Carolina Republican Party chairman Matt Moore told Independent Journal Review that there are 'no definitive punishments related to South Carolina's pledge' but that any candidate who refuses to back the nominee 'does so at their own political peril,' adding: 
'The political consequences would be in the minds of the voters. I expect that anyone who runs in 2020 without supporting the nominee in 2016 will find themselves in difficult situation in South Carolina.' 
However, the party could impose restrictions on candidates who violate the pledge, if they want. Moore said that while the South Carolina GOP's executive committee certainly has the authority to impose penalties, they have yet to meet on the subject. 
More stern on the prospect of penalizing candidates who do not get on board with Trump was Republican National Committee chairman Reince Priebus, who said last month that the GOP is going to take a second look at how their members can launch presidential bids. 
'And if they're thinking they're going to run again someday, I think that we're going to evaluate the process,' Priebus said. "And I don't think it's going to be that easy for them.' 
As to whether or not the GOP can bar individuals from running on their primary ballots, University of South Carolina associate professor Ben Means told Independent Journal Review that 'political parties have a fair amount of discretion to control rights of participation,' so it would not matter all that much that candidates breached the contract. 
The South Carolina GOP could alter their rules to block the candidates from running again or they could absolve the disloyal candidates in the event of a catastrophic Trump loss. Either way, an evaluation of ballot access is in store for the Republican Party come November 9th. 
ARTICLE

— Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) September 26, 2016 
She's 7 years old and lives in Aleppo, Syria. As Vox reports, Aleppo has been one of the 'most significant battlefield' in the country's continuous fight between Bashar al-Assad and government rebels since 2012. 
Bana recently created a Twitter account with her mother, Fatemah, to finally show the world what life is like for those in their war-torn city. 
In an interview with Independent Journal Review, Bana said the violence in her country is 'all she knows.' 
When asked to describe what happens when a bomb goes off, she said: 
'The bombing is predictable. It always hits civilian places so there's always fear — not just me, but thousands live in fear every day.' I am very afraid I will die tonight. This bombs will kill me now. - Bana #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/KqVHwqRClK — Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) October 2, 2016 
Unlike many children, Bana doesn't go to school. She explained that a typical day doesn't even involve playing outside: 
'[We just] keep strong & [have] hope.' This is what remains of our childhood memories. - Bana #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/O7NjuxnAzP — Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) October 21, 2016 
Here she is in what used to be her family's garden, which is now just a pile of rubble: This is our bombed garden. I use to play on it, now nowhere to play. - Bana #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/drWnwflSOE — Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) October 4, 2016 
As you can see, life in Aleppo is a far cry from what many in the United States will ever experience. 
Bana hopes that her message for President Barack Obama will be heard loud and clear. Instead of a plea for her personal safety, her request shows tremendous understanding of the broader picture and concern for all involved: 
'Stop [the] war and bring peace.' 
Pretty profound for a 7-year-old. 
Bana has amassed a Twitter following of more than 77,000 people. When asked about having such a huge platform to share Aleppo's story, she gave the most humble and selfless response: 
'[I'm] very happy and good. One day people will help us.' Hello world we are still alive. Wake up this morning alive. - Fatemah #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/EZz7xqbJ6E — Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) October 3, 2016 
Bana possesses an innate ability to have faith in a situation that should give her every reason to doubt God's existence. 
The 7-year-old admitted she believes in God, prays and said her faith has 'increased' in light of her circumstances. 
But she doesn't just pray for herself. She also said she prays every day for 'peace around the world.' This is me before the war. Tonight I'm praying for peace #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/vvMV6EtpVl — Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) September 26, 2016 
When Bana grows up, she wants to be three professions she 'loves most': a teacher, author and actress. 
She says her faith will not falter in the face of violence, war and evil. Bana firmly believes better days are coming, but has a lasting message for not just President Obama, but the entire world: 
'I want us saved.' 
ARTICLE

Getty - Tibrina Hobson 
Candace Cameron Bure has never been shy about voicing her opinions on social and political issues — a trait that has made her an exceptionally good fit at ABC's 'The View,' as she stood out in contrast to the decidedly liberal viewpoints of many of her co-hosts. 
But aside from praying (with Whoopi, no less) for the election cycle to be over soon: A video posted by Candace Cameron Bure (@candacecbure) on Oct 26, 2016 at 9:35am PDT 
Bure has kept her 2016 voting plans under her hat, noting earlier this summer that although she wasn't exactly thrilled with the remaining choices, she absolutely planned to vote: 
"I've talked about how conflicted I am. I'm not happy with the ultimate choices that we're left with, but I'm still going to go out there and vote because I do believe that it's my right. And I think there are other things we have to consider. 
And then there's the congressional power. There's also the seats in Congress. And I think a lot of people who don't show up to vote for the president then forget that there's all these other people we get to vote into Congress. So you're giving up so much just because you don't like the candidate choices." 
She did reveal the issue that has her most concerned this election cycle , however, in a recent podcast with 'The Church Boys': 
"The biggest thing for me is the Supreme Court justices… because, no matter who wins this election, it's four years, maybe eight, if they're reelected, but that's the maximum. 
The Supreme Court justice seats will be until those people die — and that could be a very long time." 
A number of Americans share Bure's concern, noting the age of several sitting justices. 
According to ballotpedia , with the increasing likelihood that Justice Scalia's seat will remain empty into the next president's term, the next president could potentially appoint four justices: 
'The average age at which a Supreme Court justice retires is 78.7 years old. Justice Kennedy will be 80 when the next president takes office, Justice Ginsburg will be 83, and Justice Breyer will be 78.' 
Bure explained her concern by noting that she has spent time recently studying the 'bigger picture' and the principles outlined by the Founding Fathers in the Constitution: 
'If we get too far away from what our Founding Fathers wrote up for us in how this country will be different from all other ones, then we will lose it.' 
But in order to hold on to what we have, Bure says that it's not about putting faith in Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton — or any candidate, for that matter. 
Instead, she says her faith remains unshakable in Jesus Christ, and that she will pray for the wisdom of whomever wins the election. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Michael Loccisano, Mike Nelson 
Despite the fact that Hillary Clinton is the one running for president, as the election looms ever closer, new details continue to emerge about former President Bill Clinton — particularly regarding his alleged affairs and sexual assaults. 
Gennifer Flowers has long claimed that she engaged in a consensual affair with the former president while he was still governor of Arkansas. The affair lasted some 12 years, according to Flowers, who refers to her former boss as 'the love of her life.' 
When she first went public with allegations of the affair, she provided the press with a series of tape-recorded phone calls as evidence. But there was something else in that alleged audio, something that was all but overlooked until Flowers gave a new interview this past week to Breitbart's Aaron Klein. 
In the midst of several conversations regarding a lawsuit alleging that Clinton had engaged in numerous affairs, Flowers also recorded a brief exchange referencing her job. 
The job wasn't anything special on the surface — a clerical position working for the state of Arkansas, making around $17,000 per year. Flowers secured the job just over a year prior to Clinton's run for the presidency. 
But prior to getting the job, Flowers sent a letter in which she told Clinton about her financial troubles. The National Memo reported on the contents of that letter: 
"Gennifer wrote Clinton again on February 25. 'Since we were unable to connect by phone,' the letter began, 'I thought I should drop you a note.' Flowers complained that Gaddy hadn't been very successful in helping her and that her financial situation was dire. She enclosed a copy of her lawyer's letter threatening to sue the radio station, and closed by asking Clinton to 'Please, be in touch.' 
Three months later, Gaddy sent Flowers to the Arkansas Merit System to be tested for an administrative assistant position that paid $17,524." 
As Clinton prepared his campaign for the presidency, he and Flowers spoke again on the phone — after a woman in her office had complained that she was more qualified for the job — and Flowers again allegedly recorded their conversations : 
GF – But anyway, then Wednesday, there was a grievance filed in my office when I got the job by a girl who felt like she should have gotten it, a black girl named (deleted). And they called me as a witness. So I go in and uh, nothing big came of it. It's just that they were questioning me about how I found out about the job. And I said, 'Well, that personnel said it that it was a possibility there would be a position,' and then uh, 'they told me that it would be advertised in the newspaper. And it was and I pursued it from there." 
BC – Good for you. 
GF – Well the only thing that concerns me, where I'm, where I'm concerned at this point is the state job. 
BC – Yeah. I never thought about that, but as long as you say you've just been looking for one, you'd uh, check on it. If they ever asked if you'd talked to me about it, you can say no. 
GF – Well and I would. But I'm… here is the thing I've got to consider, too, is I've gotta go in there to work every day. You know what I mean? 
BC – Yep. 
GF – And if, and if these people start talking or someone in the press… 
BC – Well, have they been nice to you there? 
GF – Yeah they have been. But I don't, you know, I mean, I just want you to know what's going on. And I'll be glad to hang in there. 
BC – Has the, has the… 
GF – But if it gets real… 
Clinton did eventually admit to having sexual relations with Flowers, though he insisted there had only been a single encounter. 
Flowers, who has never been a fan of Hillary Clinton's, has come out in recent months in support of Donald Trump. She was one of the women Trump invited to sit in the front row during the debates in an effort to make the Clintons uncomfortable. 
You can listen to Klein's interview with Flowers below: 
ARTICLE

The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
Gives you a whole new perspective on things. 
ARTICLE

The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
The political class has been hammering Donald Trump for saying ahead of the November election that the system is 'rigged.' 
Thanks to the Washington Free Beacon, we have video evidence of Democrats saying the term 'rigged' over and over, except without the feigned media outrage to go along with it. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Chip Somodevilla The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
In case you missed the political advertisement for Obamacare, it was touted as the 'Affordable Care Act.' 
Here are Democrats hyping the program, which the Obamacare architect described as a pathway to single-payer : 
Not too long ago, another fan of single-payer healthcare was Donald Trump. But don't take our word for it, look no further than the unofficial Trump campaign arm Breitbart.com for evidence . As Trump said in September 2015: 
Scott Pelley: Universal health care. 
Donald Trump: I am going to take care of everybody. I don't care if it costs me votes or not. Everybody's going to be taken care of much better than they're taken care of now. 
In 1999, Trump was perfectly clear , as reported by Newsmax: 
'I said I'm conservative, generally speaking, I'm conservative, and even very conservative,' Trump told King in response to a question about a 'patients' bill of rights,' reports BuzzFeed. 
'But I'm quite liberal and getting much more liberal on healthcare and other things. I really say: What's the purpose of a country if you're not going to have defensive and healthcare?' he told King. "If you can't take care of your sick in the country, forget it, it's all over. I mean, it's no good. 
'So I'm very liberal when it comes to healthcare. I believe in universal healthcare. I believe in whatever it takes to make people well and better.' 
After Obamacare passed, Trump sat down for an interview on HLN. This is what he had to say, as noted by The Washington Examiner: 
'Number one, as a human being, I like to see people — it's inconceivable that, you know, people are sick, like you get sick, or I get sick, or the kids get sick, and you bring 'em to a doctor, inconceivable that, you know, 31 or 33 million people can't do that,' Trump told host Joy Behar. 'So on one level, I think something had to be done.' 
Trump continued, saying the law is 'really going to cost a lot of money in terms of competitiveness with this country' and said it would cost a friend's company 'over $200 million a year.' 
Here is what Trump recently tweeted: Obamacare is a disaster - as I've been saying from the beginning. Time to repeal & replace! #ObamacareFail pic.twitter.com/5CvoMbVceT — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 25, 2016 
Did Trump say it was a 'disaster from the beginning,' or 'on one level, I think something had to be done'? 
Perhaps, we turn to another tweet he had, drawing on the popular hashtag #ObamaCareInThreeWords: REPEAL AND REPLACE!!! #ObamaCareInThreeWords — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 25, 2016 
It turns out that Donald Trump is a fan of 'repeal and replace,' but his political track record before he ran for president as a Republican shows that what he means by that is 'single-payer'—the goal of the Obamacare architect all along. 
When it comes to Trump's solution for Obamacare—making it more competitive for insurance companies—this runs antithetical to the goal of single-payer, which is the government (i.e. taxpayers) paying for everyone. 
One can draw their own conclusions about what Trump actually means right now, because no one can be one hundred percent sure. Yet for a man who styled himself as an outsider and not at all like a 'politician,' his statements on Obamacare show himself very much to be similar to one. 
ARTICLE


The impact of the Syrian refugee crisis has been felt worldwide. 
While it has helped make immigration a central issue in the U.S. presidential elections, one of the most affected countries has been Germany — with Pew noting that the nation received '442,000 asylum applications in 2015 alone.' 
Now, a report has emerged from Germany that just one of these immigrants is claiming nearly $400,000 in benefits from the government, due to the fact that he arrived in the country with his four wives... and 23 children. Europe going mad: Syrian refugee in Germany claiming benefits for his 4 wives and 22 children. https://t.co/Cmcn550fym — Michael Heaver (@Michael_Heaver) October 26, 2016 
The man — who has been identified only as Ghazia A. — is allowed to have multiple wives under Muslim tradition, but only if he can support them financially. 
Upon emigrating to Germany, where polygamy is not officially permitted but officials have been 'looking the other way,' Ghazia was forced to choose just one of his four wives as his 'main' wife. 
He then split up his 22 children — one has since married and moved to Saudi Arabia — among the other three. These family members were placed in neighboring homes, some up to 31 miles away. 
Ghazia explained to German newspaper Das Bild how his wide-ranging family responsibilities have left him unable to work: 
"According to our religion I have the duty to visit each family equally and not to prioritize any of them. 
I am practically always on my way to be with my family — yet I would gladly like to work." 
Noting that 'regardless of how one evaluates facts morally, it is never wrong to know the hard numbers,' one German financial manager calculated the state benefits Ghazia would receive for his massive family. 
According to his estimate , it comes out to roughly $390,000 per year in U.S. dollars. Germany: Syrian Refugee with 4 Wives and 23 Children Claims £320,000 a year in benefits https://t.co/lU2ED6dSn9 — Bill Mitchell (@mitchellvii) October 26, 2016 
While much of the criticism surrounding America's acceptance of refugees has centered on concerns of terrorism , similar cultural clashes have also been seen in the U.S. 
In August, one refugee family brought a lawsuit against the Pennsylvania school they were placed in, arguing it's not the school they 'deserved.' Lawsuit: Expert calls pace at Phoenix Academy 'totally inappropriate' for refugee students https://t.co/8AW75hF7tY #LNPinsider #FridayReads — LancasterOnline.com (@LancasterOnline) August 19, 2016 
Other, larger concerns have also emerged about the potential culture clash that could come as a result of accepting huge numbers of refugees, particularly involving women. 
Some have argued that the 'brutal ideology in Muslim majority countries' that many refugees were raised to practice places women in Western countries at risk of both sexual assault and violence. 
In September, German Chancellor Angela Merkel admitted that she had lost control of her 'open-door' refugee policy, even expressing that she would 'turn back time' if she could. 
With Ghazia's case representing just one situation causing backlash from her citizens, it's not difficult to see why. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Alex Wong The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
With the election a little under two weeks away, former Republican Congressman Joe Walsh is all in for Trump. 
But if you thought you were anti-Hillary, you may want to think again. 
Walsh, who's made no secret about his disgust for the former Secretary of State, sent out this head-turning tweet on Wednesday: On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump.On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket.You in? — Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
No, it's not a parody. Walsh just said he is going to grab his musket if Trump doesn't win the 2016 presidential election. And yes, he invited others to join him. 
CNN's Jake Tapper saw the tweet and like most of us, he wanted Walsh to clarify his comments: @WalshFreedom what exactly does that mean? — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) October 26, 2016 
Walsh responded: @jaketapper It means protesting. Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back. — Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
Others weighed in, too: — Brian Fagioli (@brianfagioli) October 26, 2016 @walshfreedom @jaketapper Doing what it takes to get your country back? It's called voting. Never heard it referred to as 'musketing' — John Blanco (@ZaBlanc) October 26, 2016 I don't think @WalshFreedom understands the meaning of "civil disobedience." pic.twitter.com/qqdX6WDbP9 — John Haltiwanger (@jchaltiwanger) October 26, 2016 
But one commenter said, 'I think you got a good portion of gun owners that are with you. But seriously a musket. You might want to update your arsenal.' 
ARTICLE

IJR Opinion is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
You ask, 'Why Trump?' From your college classrooms, comfortable suburban homes and your summer lakeside retreats in quaint New England towns, you wonder why. 
While in class the professor comments, 'Well, the main supporters of Trump are uneducated white males.' You, a new age liberal sympathizer - and my classmate - blurt out, 'Uneducated white males shouldn't have the right to vote!' 
Is this the college experience I signed up for? I know I'm the type of person liberals like you disdain; I've spent about half my years on this earth working blue collar jobs: logging, haying, septic work, farming, stacking stone walls. I've owned two 1940s era tractors. You don't know what true labor is. I do - I was born and bred into this lifestyle. 
All over this land, alarms go off before the dawn. You may work from 9 to 5 in a cozy office, but for the working class the day stretches from dawn to dusk. Sometimes it takes two or more jobs to make ends meet. 'Work hard and you will be rewarded,' says the world. But those with the most wealth have only found ways to make others work hard for them. 
Although I have chosen to not cast my ballot for the Republican ticket this time around, I have empathy for those who will - those whom you, modern liberalism, created. You outsource businesses and you coddle illegal immigrants who drive down the cost of labor - and therefore the benefits of a job. You, the rich, liberal elite, have taken advantage of those whose backs you live upon. You gutted them, you skinned them, you left them to hang like a deer carcass to bleed out. 
On top of it all, you say people like me are 'white trash,''standard rednecks' and 'dirty hicks.' The champions of social justice that attend my liberal arts college in rural Vermont call us 'dirty townies." 
We grow your food, we transport your food, we build your homes and we keep them maintained - and yet we are snubbed. We plow the roads, fix the power lines and drive semi-trucks so that you can live a life of convenience. You cut our wages and our hours - yet you say we don't work hard enough. 
Since I was 12, I have worked for both rich Republicans and rich Democrats. At least the rich Republicans don't preach all that Democrats do to save the world - while paying me dirt. Few of those who support Hillary Clinton have had to awaken at 3:45 A.M. to start a chainsaw in the dim light of dawn, to work a job where either that chainsaw, a wood chipper, or a falling tree could kill them any day - for the reward of $12 an hour, no less. What is the working man's death worth to those with millions? 
You distract us with the media and you harp on racism, sexism and the insignificant. Where in your agenda is there time for the growing class struggle, the death of family farming, and the tearing of the fabric of rural New England life? You swoop in from elsewhere to buy the land, gentrify the towns, and reduce the local population to the same status as the English peasant after the enclosure movement . 
You speak of social programs, give to those who do nothing, give every child a trophy and shelter them from the realities of the world. You talk of raising taxes that the rich somehow never pay. You would rather take a loaf of bread from the working stiff to support the unemployed or those who drink away a college education. 
The question at hand should not be, 'Why Trump?' The question at hand should be why you drove those who support him into a hole and then tied their hands behind their backs. You want them to support the broken system that gave you, not them, the benefit. Soon, you won't have to worry about them supporting Trump; rum-filled farmers, a rabble in arms... 
Those whom you called a ' basket of deplorables ' are the same stock that brought America into being. Yet, raise taxes, you say. Raise the cost of living, of each and every good that is bought and sold. The resulting burden will only fall upon those who labor their lives away, to struggle to exist, who always will. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Saul Loeb/AFP 
Pennsylvania's incumbent Republican Senator Pat Toomey and his supporters have regularly accused Democratic challenger Katie McGinty of leading a 'revolving door' career in politics and government. 
Toomey's campaign released an ad in April accusing McGinty of allocating 'millions of tax dollars to benefit corporations' during her time in the state government. 
The Club for Growth PAC also used the 'revolving door' line of attack against McGinty, calling out her career of maneuvering between lobbying and public service. 
So when McGinty attempted to enter a building that only had literal revolving doors while being followed by a tracker for the conservative Super PAC America Rising, she tried to find a way around a potentially bad photo op. 
McGinty can be seen in the video uploaded Tuesday pausing at multiple entrances and attempting to look for another way in the building. 
But after pacing back and forth to look for an alternative entrance, McGinty ultimately caved and entered through the revolving door. 
Watch the full clip below. 
ARTICLE


On Tuesday night, an interview between Fox News host Megyn Kelly and Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich got intense in a hurry. 
After Kelly referenced Trump as a 'sexual predator,' Gingrich fiercely accused her of 'using language that's inflammatory that's not true,' adding : 
'You are fascinated with sex and you don't care about public policy! That's what I get out of watching you tonight!' 
If viewers were fired up by the heated exchange, a tweet sent out by the Trump campaign's social media director Dan Scavino only poured fuel onto that fire: . @MegynKelly made a total fool out of herself tonight- attacking @realDonaldTrump . Watch what happens to her after this election is over. — Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) October 26, 2016 
While it's not explicitly clear what Scavino meant by 'watch what happens,' the implications of his comment certainly didn't go unnoticed. 
Americans quickly came down on both sides of the issue, with many rushing to Kelly's defense in the face of the 'threat': @DanScavino "Watch what happens to her?" I'm no Kelly fan, but your campaign really isn't learning from the whole "threats vs women" thing. — Dennis Perkins (@DennisPerkins5) October 26, 2016 . @DanScavino She does just fine after the election, I'm guessing. You vanish into obscurity. — Trey Graham (@treygraham) October 26, 2016 @DanScavino @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump You want to be a little more specific about that? Punk. — HarleyPeyton (@HarleyPeyton) October 26, 2016 
Still, there were plenty who agreed with Gingrich's suggestion that Kelly was being biased: @DanScavino @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump I used to be a huge fan of Megyn Kelly but no more. Totally unfair to the frmr Speaker. — Scott Schulze (@payshel) October 26, 2016 @DanScavino @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Send her to CNN. They need more Crooked dishonest journalists! — Trump Revolution (@DonaldTrump_Rev) October 26, 2016 @DanScavino @megynkelly @realDonaldTrump Why surprised?Kelly is a dumb puppet paid millions (thro that book deal?) just to attack DJT.Tragic — Maya Varma (@swargcoming) October 26, 2016 
Since early in the 2016 election cycle, there's no doubt that Kelly and the Trump campaign haven't seen eye-to-eye. 
More recently, it seemed that tensions had cooled between the GOP nominee and the Fox News host. If Scavino's tweet is any indication, however, that may no longer be the story. 
ARTICLE


U.S. Secretary of Labor Tom Perez stumped for Hillary Clinton in North Carolina Tuesday, addressing a crowd of her loyal supporters in Winston-Salem. 
But according to a video obtained by Need to Know (NTK) Network, Perez's speech was interrupted as an Amber Alert sent to multiple phones created a chorus of noise. 
As Fox 46 Charlotte reports, the Amber Alert was about an endangered 2-month-old infant. 
When Perez noticed the noise coming from the crowd, he said: 
'I don't know who that is...' 
As a Hillary supporter told him it was the emergency response system letting Americans know when a missing person or child is missing, Perez chuckled and said: 
' Amber Alert. Oh yeah? Well, Amber is going to vote for Hillary! I talked to her the other day." 
Fortunately, deputies located the baby, who was with his parents, and the alert was canceled. 
Perez had reportedly joined local officials earlier that day at Winston-Salem State University, speaking out against the National Rifle Association and calling for stricter gun-safety laws. 
His name was also on the VP shortlist prior to Clinton selecting Virginia Senator Tim Kaine, and has been tossed around the ring as Hillary Clinton's potential pick for Attorney General, should she win the election. 
ARTICLE


During the third and final presidential debate, Donald Trump gave a fairly graphic description of what happens during a partial-birth abortion. Hillary Clinton was quick to say that — basically — Trump was full of it, and that procedure 'isn't what happens at all.' 
But the National Right to Life describes the procedure in vivid detail: 
Partial-Birth Abortion is a procedure in which the abortionist pulls a living baby feet-first out of the womb and into the birth canal (vagina), except for the head, which the abortionist purposely keeps lodged just inside the cervix (the opening to the womb). The abortionist punctures the base of the baby's skull with a surgical instrument, such as a long surgical scissors or a pointed hollow metal tube called a trochar. He then inserts a catheter (tube) into the wound, and removes the baby's brain with a powerful suction machine. This causes the skull to collapse, after which the abortionist completes the delivery of the now-dead baby. 
And the exact same procedure was detailed in the 1996 ban on partial-birth abortion that was vetoed by Bill Clinton. A similar ban was later passed again by Congress, and was signed into law by President George W. Bush in 2003. 
Following the debate, in defense of Hillary Clinton, late-night host Samantha Bee ('Full Frontal with Samantha Bee') doubled down on Clinton's position, saying that partial-birth abortion 'isn't a thing': Image Credit: YouTube 
But just a few seconds later, she offers a back-handed admission that partial-birth abortion is a thing after all, it's just a thing that was banned in 2003: Image Credit: YouTube 
Bee went on to cheer Hillary for being the...: 
'...passionate and unapologetic feminist we haven't seen since the 90s. One who stood in a shower of sh*t and managed to do what 16 primary candidates and the GOP establishment couldn't: Namely, beat this d**k-waving, Berlusconi knock-off like a little bitch.' 
Enter radio host Steven Crowder ('Louder with Crowder')... 
In a video response to Bee's post-debate diatribe, Crowder pointed out that not only does the procedure exist [warning: his descriptions are exceptionally graphic], but that Hillary Clinton did, in fact, vote against banning it in the Senate in 2003: 
Crowder deftly took on Bee's argument with a jab: 
'Oh, this is the part where we condemn white men for having an opinion on murder...' 
A cross: 
'A 'fatal birth defect.' Does that mean a baby who would be dead on arrival, or does it mean any baby that might have a disability and so the parents don't want to go through the trouble of raising that child?' 
And a Chuck Norris-caliber roundhouse kick: 
'Health of the mother? Anything can be filed under 'health.' And they have — including anxiety disorders, slight irritability, or not wanting to go to prom [pregnant].' 
Crowder also went on to examine the typical liberal defense of abortion, systematically dismantling arguments that protect abortion in the name of 'freedom' and 'women's health.' 
ARTICLE


With less than two weeks before the big faceoff between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, celebrities haven't been shy about voicing their support for their chosen candidate. 
Katy Perry, Amy Schumer, and Justin Timberlake have been actively campaigning for Clinton while Stacey Dash, Kid Rock, and Sarah Palin have been putting in the hours for Trump. 
Other big-name celebs, however, have decided to stay mum. 
According to Esquire , there might be quite a few more than you'd think. Take a look: Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson Image Credit: Jason Kempin/Getty Images 
The Rock has been in countless films and can boast over 67 million followers on social media. 
While he has come out saying that he may run for office one day, Johnson has not publically announced who he'll be voting for in November. Chris Pratt Image Credit: Jason Merritt/Getty Images 
Chris Pratt has been killing the box office over the past few years with films like 'Jurassic World' and 'Guardians of the Galaxy,' but he hasn't voiced support for either Trump or Clinton so far. 
Pratt is a noted conservative and supporter of the nd Amendment, though. Taylor Swift Image Credit: Anthony Harvey/Getty Images 
Taylor Swift is perhaps one of the biggest pop stars in the world. 
Swift has avoided politics at all costs, despite having over 156 million followers across numerous social media platforms. Garth Brooks Image Credit: Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for ASCAP 
Garth Brooks hasn't been afraid to speak out about politics in the past. He expressed his support for President Obama back in 2012, but this year, the country singer has been quiet. 
At one point in his life, Brooks was a registered Republican. Carrie Underwood Image Credit: Theo Wargo/NBC/Getty Images 
Country singer Carrie Underwood is a devout Christian , and has mostly abstained from showing her political side in public. 
At one point, she did perform at an event honoring former President George W. Bush, but she's also a vegan, an animal rights activist and supporter of gay marriage. 
But it's safe to say she won't be endorsing a candidate this year, based on this 2008 interview : 
'There is someone I do support, but I don't support publicly. I lose all respect for celebrities when they back a candidate.' Mark Wahlberg Image Credit: Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images 
Mark Wahlberg has managed to stay away from politics for most of his career, although he has golfed with Donald Trump in the past. 
The 'Deepwater Horizon' star has refused to say whom he's voting for on many occasions, although he was a big supporter of Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 . Bruno Mars Image Credit: Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images 
Bruno Mars, whose real name is Peter Gene Hernandez, is a mystery, both politically and spiritually. Although he wears a cross around his neck, he's never professed to which faith he belongs. There is very little information about his political beliefs, as well. 
Mars seems to be focused on his music rather than preaching politics or religion to his many fans. Miranda Lambert Image Credit: Tibrina Hobson/Getty Images 
Lambert doesn't talk politics, but she isn't afraid to show her love for firearms. 
While she hasn't endorsed anyone for president in 2016, Lambert is a professed Christian and a 'lifetime member of the NRA,' so she is probably leaning to the right. 
Her ex-husband, Blake Shelton, holds some very similar values... Blake Shelton Image Credit: Kevin Winter/Getty Images for Stagecoach 
Blake Shelton might have had some kind words to say about Trump this year, but that doesn't mean he's endorsed him. 
In fact, he's tweeted about it : Hey before this gets going like it always does... I haven't enforced ANYBODY for president. And I not going to. I don't do that shit. — Blake Shelton (@blakeshelton) July 28, 2016 Sean 'P. Diddy' Combs Image Credit: Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images 
Sean 'P Diddy' Combs, formerly known as 'Puff Daddy,' has said a lot about Donald Trump, but hasn't quite offered a full endorsement. 
Combs believes Obama ' shortchanged ' black people and that Hillary Clinton needs to prove herself before she gets the black vote. Ronda Rousey Image Credit: Theo Wargo/NBC/Getty Images 
MMA fighter Ronda Rousey initially showed her support for Bernie Sanders in 2015, but now she's without a candidate. 
But she's also said that she will not vote for Clinton, so it's possible her support will go to a third party candidate this election. Kenny Chesney Image Credit: Kevin Winter/Getty Images 
Country music star Kenny Chesney won't be voting for Donald Trump, that much is clear. According to Esquire , he doesn't like talking politics at all. 
He did admit to voting for John McCain in the past, though. Tom Cruise Image Credit: Kevin Winter/Getty Images 
Tom Cruise has become quite the enigma over the past decade. He is a dedicated Scientologist and very successful movie star, but his politics are very obscure. 
He's donated thousands of dollars to the Democratic party, but has also appeared in commercials for Republican candidates... Cam Newton Image Credit: Rich Polk/Getty Images 
Cam Newton has avoided taking political stances for much of his career in the NFL. 
In a recent GQ article , Newton refused to comment on Trump other than saying Trump is an 'unbelievable businessperson.' Danica Patrick Image Credit: C Flanigan/Getty Images 
Danica Patrick is one of the few women in history who has been very successful in the dangerous world of motorsports. Her success is unparalleled, but don't go asking her about religious or political beliefs. 
She told Fox Business earlier this year: 
'I feel like religion and politics are the two things that you just stay away from. 
I'm not going to comment about what I like or don't like or what people say. But we live in America and it's a free country and you can say whatever you want.' Phil Mickelson Image Credit: Nicholas Kamm/Getty Images 
Phil Mickelson is one of the most successful golfers out there. He's made millions out on the links during his career and donated some of it to the Republican party in the past. 
But he has been quiet during this election, opting to keep his opinion to himself. 
With so little time left before the election, it's doubtful these megastars will break their silence. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Chip Somodevilla 
Approximately 300 members of the media today followed Donald Trump to his Washington, D.C., hotel to watch the candidate and his family officially cut the ribbon on the Pennsylvania Avenue property. 
Prior to the ceremonial cutting, the ever-effusive Trump had high praise ... for the scissors. 
'I've never seen scissors that look this beautiful before,' he said, gazing at the gilded, oversized cutters. Donald Trump, Melania Trump, and Tiffany Trump cut the ribbon at the Trump International Hotel, Washington, D.C. today. Image Credit: Getty Images 
Trump was taking a brief break from the campaign trail before heading to North Carolina Wednesday afternoon for a rally. 
The 263-room Washington Trump hotel is in the historic Old Post Office Building, which Trump's organization, led primarily by his eldest daughter, Ivanka Trump, overhauled in a two-year, $200 million redevelopment. Ivanka Trump gets a congratulatory kiss from her father Wednesday at the official opening of the Trump's Washington, D.C. luxury hotel. Image Credit: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images 
Trump's speech today was focused mainly on the new property, but he did take a moment to needle the seeming demise of Obamacare, which was come under scrutiny this week for anticipated monstrous premium hikes. Trump talks politics: "it was just announced #ObamaCare is in free fall … unaffordable, unusable, and cant use it if you can afford" — Chris Snyder (@ChrisSnyderFox) October 26, 2016 
Trump also made sure to note the presence of Newt Gingrich in the audience at the event, congratulating him by name for the on-air verbal scuffle he had with Fox News host Megyn Kelly last night on the talk show host's program. 
'Congratulations, Newt, on last night. That was an amazing interview. We don't play games, Newt, right?' 
Gingrich sparred with Kelly over her referring to accusations against Trump by several women claiming various degrees of sexual harassment and other incidents. Kelly shot back that Gingrich, former GOP Speaker of the House, should take care of his 'anger issues.' For the record, @megynkelly was wrong, i don't have anger management issues. I do have media bias issues! — Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) October 26, 2016 
Meanwhile, the White House also weighed in on the new Trump International Hotel in Washington—press secretary Josh Earnest was asked at the daily briefing about his thoughts on the proximity to the White House of Trump's property. 
'[It's] not too far away. Well, in some ways, it's a really long way away, depending how you look at it.' 
The hotel is literally a handful of blocks from Presidential headquarters at the White House. Earnest, however, was speaking metaphorically. 
ARTICLE


With premiums set to spike dramatically in 2017, MIT economist and so-called Obamacare 'architect' Jonathan Gruber shared his big idea to fix the struggling health care law during an interview on CNN Wednesday. 
'Once again, there's no sense in which this has to be fixed. The law is working as designed, however it could work better,' Gruber said. 'I think probably the most important thing experts would agree on is that we need a larger mandate penalty.' 
So Gruber's idea is to make it more expensive for people choosing to incur the 'mandate penalty' in order to nudge them to enroll in Obamacare and take on higher premiums. The theory is that as more people enroll, the associated costs will go down. 
You might remember Gruber from a 2014 video in which he bragged about the Obama administration was able to take advantage of the 'stupidity of the American voter' to get Obamacare passed. 
'Lack of transparency is a huge political advantage,' he said in the video. 'Call it the stupidity of the American voter or whatever, but basically that was really, really critical to get anything to pass.' 
On several occasions, Gruber has been captured on video talking about exploiting American voters 'lack of economic understanding.' 
The Obama administration admitted on Monday that Obamacare premiums for mid-level benchmark plans will increase by 25 percent on average across the country. Further, 20 percent of consumers will also have just one insurer to select from. 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has vowed to 'repeal and replace' Obamacare with a new plan to provide 'great health care at a fraction of the cost.' He has offered few details on what that plan would entail. 
Hillary Clinton has promised to build on Obamacare and enact fixes rather than trashing the entire program. 
ARTICLE


Alyssa had known that having a baby wouldn't be easy. According to Fox News 5 , a variety of health problems — including cerebral palsy, hyperthyroidism, and diabetes — guaranteed that her pregnancy would qualify as a high risk one. 
Still, she and her husband wanted nothing more than to be parents. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
So, when Alyssa learned she was pregnant, it was a joyous moment in what had been a very difficult year for their family. Immediately, Alyssa decided that if the baby was a girl, she would name her 'Scarlett Faye' after the two most important women in her life — her mother and her recently deceased grandmother. Alyssa tells Independent Journal Review: 
'The joy I felt was indescribable. I loved being pregnant. It's all I talked about, thought about, and dreamed about. From the moment I found out that there was life inside of me, I thought that this baby was a blessing sent to us all. She was going to shed light on this terrible year everyone had had.' 
The pregnancy progressed better than Alyssa could have hoped. She learned that her baby would be a girl, and that little Scarlett was growing as expected. Then, at 20 weeks, Alyssa started experiencing pain and minor bleeding. 
At first, her discomfort was dismissed as normal pregnancy aches. However, when the pain got worse, Alyssa headed to the hospital, praying all the way that everything would be fine. 
Once at the hospital, the on-call obstetrician told Alyssa that she had an incompetent cervix. While Alyssa was willing to undergo a procedure to address the issue, the doctor explained that it wouldn't help. The only hope lay in strict bed rest and medication that might stop her from dilating further. Alyssa tells Independent Journal Review: 
'After the doctor left the room, Justin laid over the bed rail, grabbed my right hand, and just sobbed. I wrapped my left arm around him and kissed his head, and cried with him. ... We held each other and cried together for what seemed like forever. That night seemed very long. I tossed and turned, prayed and thought. I begged God for everything to be okay. She was our blessing and I couldn't stand think of losing her.' 
Sadly, the next day, Alyssa learned that the measures they had tried hadn't worked. Her baby was on its way. The grief she felt was mixed with the feeling that she had failed as a mother: 
'I felt like I had failed. I felt like I failed him [her husband] and our daughter. All I could spit out was 'I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.' I must have repeated that a dozen times.' 
Scarlett Faye was born at 20 weeks gestation, weighing less than a pound. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
Alyssa describes the beauty of her newborn daughter: 
'She was perfection. She was very well developed, and the most perfect combination between her father and I. She holds a special place in our hearts. There isn't a day that goes by that I don't think of her. My little girl yesterday, my angel today, my daughter forever.' 
As the nurses gave Alyssa her daughter to hold for the first time, the new mom found that there was so much she wanted to tell her baby. She tells Independent Journal Review: 
'I held Scarlett on my chest and cried into hers. I studied her face, so it'd forever be imprinted in my mind. I studied her body, her toes, her ribs. Everything. ... I told her that I was so sorry. I told her I loved her. I told her it was okay to let go. ... Everyone took their turns and held her. Everyone got to love her. That's all she ever experienced was love.' 
Alyssa's memories of her daughter are illuminated by love. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
She explains to Independent Journal Review that though her daughter only lived for two hours, every moment of that time was filled with the love of family: 
'She felt love. That is it. In the two hours that she was alive, she fought to stay with us. In those two hours, she was cuddled, kissed, hugged, and loved. She went peacefully. Justin and I got to be with her two whole days before we went home. I was able to cuddle her body, change her dirty diapers, bathe her, and love her. While in the hospital, I never left her side.' 
Alyssa says she isn't sharing her story to gain sympathy. Rather, she hopes that she can help other women from experiencing the same loss by raising awareness of the problem of incompetent cervix. Image Credit: Alyssa Young/Independent Journal Review 
She has set up a Facebook page to help women going through pregnancy loss and tells Independent Journal Review that she wants to make a difference for her daughter, as well as for other babies who were taken too soon: 
'Scarlett along with all the other babies, deserves justice. Even those who have lost their littles too soon for other reasons. We need to stand together and fight for our babies.' 
ARTICLE


The fury over the Nobel Prize for Literature having been awarded to music legend Bob Dylan— and his subsequent snubbing of it— has come from many sources. 
But the most surprising source may be liberals who have championed Dylan for decades as the troubadour of progressive politics— even though he's long since moved on from his folk song beginnings. Image Credit: Kevin Winter/Getty Images for AFI 
As Chris Queen of PJ Media points out in a piece posted there Wednesday, this isn't the first time Dylan has failed to be on 'the right side' of an issue— his pro-Israel stance has been irritating progressives forever. Image Credit: Koh Hasebe/Shinko Music/Getty Images 
Queen cites a recent Al-Jazeera editorial written by French sociologist and media critic Ali Saad. 
In the article, Saad takes exception with much of the media for not pointing out Dylan's pro-Israel political stance when reporting the news of his Nobel award. 
Saad writes: 
'....media outlets, both Arab and international, framed the story without taking issue with Dylan's pro-Israel stance and instead portrayed him exclusively through the prism of his constructed image as defender of the oppressed.' 
Saad also cites Dylan's early '80s song 'Neighborhood Bully,' whose lyrics supposedly express support of Israel metaphorically, as proof that Dylan has held that point of view for decades. 
Naturally, since the majority of ultra-progressives tend to view Israel as an 'occupying force' with an aggressive military, Saad sees it as unbecoming of an anti-war icon to pledge allegiance to such a state. Image Credit: Cynthia Johnson/Getty Images 
Of course, more than a few were simply angry over Dylan's refusal to acknowledge that he'd received the honor at all. The musician still hasn't responded to the Nobel organization's attempts to contact and congratulate him. 
As Ultimate Classic Rock writes: 
"Bob Dylan's decision to not acknowledge having won the Nobel Prize for Literature, unsurprisingly, isn't sitting too well with the Swedish Academy, the body that awards the prize. Calling it 'an unprecedented situation,' an academy member has lashed out at Dylan for ignoring their attempts to contact him. 
'It's impolite and arrogant,' Per Wastberg, a Swedish writer said on SVT public television, as reported by The Guardian. 
'Yesterday, we reported that Dylan has rebuffed every attempt by the committee to contact him, either directly or through someone described as his 'closest collaborator.' He even removed the acknowledgement of the prize from his website. They are remaining optimistic that Dylan will attend the ceremony on Dec. 10, at which point he will be given an 18-carat gold medal and a check for approximately $900,000. As of now, Dylan's current tour is scheduled to conclude on November 23." 
But should any of it— Dylan's 'Zionism,' his public indifference to having received what's considered one of the great humanitarian honors in the world— surprise anyone? 
Dylan has a long history of defying expectations, from when he abandoned folk music for electric rock 'n roll, becoming a 'Judas' to millions of folk fans, to when he converted to Christianity in the '70s and wrote gospel tunes. He even famously once beat up a stalker in 1971. Image Credit: Wikimedia Commons 
It seems that the man whom poet Allen Ginsberg once called a 'trickster hero' isn't someone who wants to be on anyone's team. 
ARTICLE


It's been just over one month since José Fernández and two of his friends, Emilio Jesus Macias and Eduardo Rivero, passed away in a boating accident during the early morning hours of September 25th. 
According to reports , Fernández's boat was traveling at high speeds when it hit a jetty. Image Credit: Manny Hernandez/Getty Images 
While initial reports indicated that alcohol was not a factor in the crash, it is now believed that the men were drinking the night of the accident. 
As the Miami Herald reports, the search warrant affidavit suggests that the diver could smell a 'heavy' alcohol odor on Fernández and his friends. 
The last known picture taken of Fernández the night he died was outside the dockside bar American Social. Managers of the bar confirmed that Fernández and his two friends were there, but it's unknown if the men were drinking. 
The affidavit says that the driver of the vessel was driving with 'recklessness' that was 'exacerbated by the consumption of alcohol,' according to the Herald. And while toxicology reports have been completed, the report has not yet been released by investigators. Breaking: Jose Fernandez, companions had strong odor of alcohol after fatal crash https://t.co/KLmreMpv3n pic.twitter.com/BfcpBaXmAv — Miami Herald (@MiamiHerald) October 26, 2016 
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission (FWC) says that it found a receipt for alcohol in one of the victims' pockets that was stamped the same date as the accident. The Miami Herald reported that the affidavit also states that the associate medical examiner who conducted the autopsies shows that all three men had water in the lungs and trauma consistent with a boat crash. 
The exact cause of death, however, was not mentioned. 
It also hasn't yet been confirmed who was driving the boat. Speaking with the Miami Herald, FWC spokesperson Lorenzo Veloz, says that he had been on Fernández's boat 'several times, but that Fernández had not been captain;' it's unknown how much experience Fernandez had captaining the boat. 
The affidavit states that the crimes being investigating are Boating Homicide While Intoxicated and Vessel Homicide. However, because all three men who were on the boat are deceased, it is unclear against whom charges could be brought. It is also unclear whether civil charges will be brought. 
Fernández's ashes have since been spread at sea, his favorite place to be: #JoseFernandez 's ashes scattered at site of boat accident. His mother says he wanted to be laid to rest at sea. #Fox35 pic.twitter.com/BU5MXWHJLk — LuAnne Sorrell (@luannesorrell) October 4, 2016 
Hopefully, now that more information regarding the accident has been made available, the families, friends, and fans of the men on the boat can start finding closure. 
According to the United States Coast Guard's recreational boating statistics , in 2014 there were over 4,000 boating accidents. Over 11 percent of those accidents occurred in Florida, and alcohol was the reason behind over 250 of the accidents. 
Fernández was seen as the future of major league baseball. At just 24 years old, Fernández had 76 career starts during his three years with the Miami Marlins, striking out over 500 of his opponents. He was well on his way to becoming one of the greats. 
He was also expecting a child with his girlfriend, Maria Arias: A photo posted by Jose Fernandez (@jofez16) on Sep 19, 2016 at 8:23pm PDT 
His legacy will live on through their unborn daughter , Penelope. 
ARTICLE


This week Tim McGraw and Faith Hill stopped by NBC's 'The Voice' to offer their advice to the aspiring singers— many of whom were downright starstruck from meeting the couple. 
As Josh Gallagher on Team Adam went in for a hug with Hill he said, 'I don't feel like I'm worthy to hug you.' 
McGraw, who was standing by them as it happened, had the perfect response... — The Voice (@NBCTheVoice) October 23, 2016 
You can watch an exclusive clip not shown on TV of McGraw and Hill talking with the teams, below: 
ARTICLE


The battle of campaign rallies has been going strong throughout the 2016 presidential election, with both candidates amassing pretty large crowds. 
Just last month, the Washington Post compared two separate September rallies for both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. 
Trump's had a crowd of 15,000, at his Sept. 27th rally in Melbourne, Florida: Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Thank you! #TrumpTrain #MAGA pic.twitter.com/2N3Xq7AGmx — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 28, 2016 
...while Clinton had a crowd of roughly 1,400 people in Raleigh, North Carolina, that same day: Hillary Clinton rallies in Raleigh, NC the day after the debate pic.twitter.com/pvWndH0zlK — Sabrina Siddiqui (@SabrinaSiddiqui) September 27, 2016 
It appears as though Fox Business reporter Adam Shapiro felt the need to compare Trump and Hillary's crowd attendance, too. 
At a West Palm Beach rally Wednesday, Shapiro said there appeared to be roughly a thousand Hillary supporters at Palm Beach State College, which was a sizable difference to Trump's rally the day before: 
"It's nowhere near the size of the crowd we saw in Sanford, Florida yesterday for Mr. Trump — 15,000. 
Take a look, Stewart [camera pans crowd]. 
There's maybe 1,000 to 2,000 people here today. The Clinton rallies tend to be much smaller and you can see there's empty space here." Image Credit: Screenshot/ YouTube 
He just couldn't stop talking about it, adding that if they were covering a Trump rally, the room would be 'packed.' 
Though Shapiro took a dig at the Democratic nominee for her apparently 'empty' rally, those who were in attendance still sang 'Happy Birthday' to her. 
ARTICLE


Donald Trump's campaign manager Kellyanne Conway took incoming fire on behalf of her boss about the candidate's treatment of reporters covering his campaign. 
Wolf Blitzer asked Conway to convince Trump not to ridicule reporters at his rallies, saying that they are 'scared' violence will go down: 
'He shouldn't be doing that. I mean, can you talk to him? And say to him, 'Mr. Trump, we only have a few days left, these are hardworking young journalists, they deserve to have some security,' if you will, because some of those Trump supporters out there, they get pretty nasty with what they're screaming at these young people.' Image Credit: Screenshot/CNN 
Conway said she would tell him. And then, she calmly withdrew her rhetorical scalpel, checked the glinting blade by the bright studio lights and carved out the reasons for Blitzer on why the reporters who cover the candidate deserve ridicule. 
She mentioned the WikiLeaks email which showed reporters had sought approval for stories from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta: 
"...[T]hat's not journalism, that's advocacy and, frankly, that's collusion. So if there's any spectrum between coziness to collaboration to collusion—any of that would bother us. 
Many journalists have admitted that Donald Trump has compelled them to suspend objective standards of journalism. I think Americans deserve to have the race covered fairly." 
Blitzer interrupted to mention the scared young reporters who might be harmed by Trump supporters. 
Conway said: 
'[T]he only violence I saw at rallies so far was what we saw on video tape by somebody whose cohorts were at the White House 346 times, actively paying people—$1,500 a pop—to be protesters to incite violence at Trump rallies. That's being done by Democratic operatives. The stink goes all the way up the chain through the DNC and related groups to Hillary Clinton's campaign. That's all I saw, but I'll make a deal with those embeds [cross talk with Wolf]...I'll excuse some of their tweets, but their twitter feed for some of them—we've done an analysis— 85%-90% negative toward Donald Trump.' Image Credit: Screenshot/CNN 
Then Conway asked Blitzer a final, rhetorical question about the coverage of the campaign: 
'I wonder if the way the news is being covered in this election cycle, particularly in the last few weeks, is the way Americans actually see the news and see the race? It's not clear to me that they're being told is what they think is important to them is what is being reported to them.' 
Conway claimed that what people at Trump rallies are concerned with are jobs, ObamaCare and defeating ISIS, not necessarily what's being reported. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Mark Makela 
Ivanka Trump's Instagram account stands apart from her father's candidacy. It's the public feed of Ivanka, the brand. 'American wife, mother & entrepreneur. EVP at the Trump Organization. Founder of IvankaTrump.com and #WomenWhoWork,' her bio says. 
Scrolling through, it sometimes feels like an alternate reality. When Donald Trump's presidential campaign is in free fall, or facing controversy, Ivanka is posting a mix of inspirational quotes, family pics, and the occasional selfie. Photos of her on the campaign trail are far and few between. 
That's on purpose. 
'My Women Who Work initiative and my brand, was launched far before the presidential cycle commenced and will continue long afterwards,' she said this month at the Fortune Most Powerful Women Summit. 
Still, the Donald Trump campaign and Ivanka Trump brand do coexist, and it's often jarring to witness them side-by-side. This is the story of the 2016 campaign, juxtaposed with @ivankatrump. 
June 16, 2016: 
Donald Trump announces his presidential campaign at Trump Tower in New York City. Ivanka introduces him as 'a man who needs no introduction.' Actors are paid to wear shirts and pretend to be supporters. Trump accuses Mexico of sending drugs, rapists, and murders across the border and promises to build a wall on the southern border. 
Ivanka posts a photo of her introduction. See her speech on IvankaTrump.com (link in profile). A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Jun 16, 2015 at 4:55pm PDT 
December 7, 2015: 
Donald Trump calls for a 'total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States' following an ISIS-inspired shooting in San Bernardino. 
Ivanka posts five black and white photos to promote her Ivanka Trump Jewelry campaign. 'I love the idea of elevating an otherwise simple look with stunning accessories,' she writes. A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Dec 7, 2015 at 10:56am PST 
February 18, 2016: 
Donald Trump calls Pope Francis 'disgraceful' after his comment that anyone who wants to build a wall is 'not Christian.' 
'No leader, especially a religious leader, has the right to question another man's religion or faith,' Trump says. 
Ivanka posts a photo with the (Link in profile) to her next #dinner #menu. 'The #recipes are sure to warm you up when it's cold outside!' she writes. A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Feb 18, 2016 at 2:15pm PST 
March 13, 2016: 
Donald Trump says he will pay the legal fees of a man accused of assaulting a protester at his rally in North Carolina. 
'From what I heard, there was a lot of taunting and a certain finger was placed in the air,' he says on 'Meet The Press.''I don't condone what he did. But you know what, not nice for the other side, either.' 
Ivanka posts that she finally [email protected] the previous night and was blown away. 
'Definitely a must-see!' she writes, with two thumbs up emoji. A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Mar 13, 2016 at 6:58pm PDT 
March 30, 2016: 
Donald Trump defends his then-campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, who the day before was charged with battery after being accused of grabbing then-Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields. Trump tells 'Today' Fields lied. 
Ivanka posts an inspirational #WomenWhoWork quote from Dorit Jaffee about tranquility. A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Mar 16, 2016 at 6:37am PDT 
September 30, 2016: 
Donald Trump goes on an early morning tweetstorm, attacking Hillary Clinton and Alicia Machado, a former Miss Universe contestant Trump once called 'Miss Piggy' and 'Miss Housekeeping,' between 3 a.m. to 5 a.m. He accused Machado of being in a sex tape, which she was not. 
Ivanka posts a photo of a woman with a card in her purse that reads 'Women Who Do It All' and writes 'The weekend is calling your name! #WomenWhoWork.' A photo posted by Ivanka Trump (@ivankatrump) on Sep 30, 2016 at 11:03am PDT 
October 22, 2016: 
During a policy speech in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, Donald Trump threatens to sue the women who have accused him of sexual misconduct. 
'Every woman lied when they came forward to hurt my campaign,' he says. 'Total fabrication. The events never happened. Never. All of these lill be sued after the election is over.' 
Ivanka posts a looping video of her feet in front of a toasty fire. Oct 22, 2016 at 7:52pm PDT 
ARTICLE


In 2009, Anna Kendrick became a star. 
But it seems she wasn't quite prepared in terms of....anything. 
When the 31-year-old actress snagged a Best Supporting Actress Oscar nomination for her work in 'Up In The Air,' it made her an instant A-lister. 
But while promoting her new memoir, 'Scrappy Little Nobody,' on the 'Ellen DeGeneres' show Wednesday, Kendrick revealed that it all happened at a time when she was totally broke: 
'It was this weird combination of, like, all these great things are happening but at the same time nothing has changed.' 
She describes how she had a hard time getting together a decent outfit for the Oscars: 
'My stylist told me I had to wear the perfect shoes for an outfit, and because the movie isn't out yet, she said, 'Nobody really knows who you are. The shoe places don't want to loan you the shoes, so can you buy a pair of Louboutins?'' Image Credit: Simon & Schuster 
Kendrick laughed as she recalled being sent to New York to promote 'Up In The Air' alongside George Clooney and Vera Farmiga. 
She said being broke put her in an awkward position: 
"At one point I was like, 'If we do another trip to New York can you put me up in a less nice hotel room and then I could keep some of the cash?' And they were like, 'Ew no, this is not how this works!''' Image Credit: Screenshot/ YouTube 
Kendrick's memoir covers more hilarious moments of being 'too poor,' in addition to moments that will stand out to her for the rest of her life - namely her recent duet with Justin Timberlake for their new film 'Trolls': 
'It'll be, like, a career highlight for me. It was amazing watching him do his thing.' Image Credit: Screenshot/ YouTube 
'Scrappy Little Nobody' is available now at bookstores, and 'Trolls' comes to theaters November 4th. 

ARTICLE


Fox News host Megyn Kelly grew exasperated on the air Wednesday night when one of her Hillary Clinton-supporting guests repeatedly refused to discuss the hacked John Podesta emails released by WikiLeaks. 
At one point, Kelly got so fed up that she actually covered her face with her notes and ended the segment. Image Credit: Fox News/'Kelly File' 
Every single time Kelly attempted to get Democratic strategist Robert Zimmerman to address the WikiLeaks emails, he changed the subject to Russia and claimed the emails might be fake. 
'They haven't denied it,' Kelly correctly pointed out. 
It wasn't long before Zimmerman was once again repeating his prepared talking points: 
'Russia is, in fact, undermining our democracy, trying to sabotage our election and we're not talking about that, that Donald Trump is embracing Vladimir Putin…' Image Credit: Peter Muhly - WPA Pool/Getty Images 
A frustrated Kelly interrupted, 'You've said that like five times, can you just talk about the emails? Are you going to defend her or not?' 
Zimmerman claimed people can't even talk about the emails because it's not clear if they are 'valid' or not. 
At that point, Kelly was done. 
ARTICLE


You've all heard by now that Donald Trump thinks Hillary Clinton is trying to rig the campaign, including the idea that she's trying to suppress his voters. 
Now Bloomberg Businessweek has a major new story out on his campaign, including a few fascinating revelations: 
'Nate Silver's results have been similar to ours....except they lag by a week or two because he's relying on public polls.' 
The campaign holds rallies in non-traditional states like New Hampshire and Maine because data shows that's where the most persuadable voters can be found. 
You meet Brad Parscale, Trump's main digital guy, who has quite a background. Join me on @thedonaldreddit Reddit AMA right now! https://t.co/tpyfSB0M75 — Brad Parscale (@parscale) October 25, 2016 
Most importantly, the story also presents another side of the Trump campaign, an active effort to persuade Democrats not to vote. It concentrates on three key groups. 1) White Liberals 
Trump's invocation at the debate of Clinton's WikiLeaks e-mails and support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership was designed to turn off Sanders supporters. 2) Young Women 
The parade of women who say they were sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton and harassed or threatened by Hillary is meant to undermine her appeal to young women. 3) African-Americans 
Her 1996 suggestion that some African American males are 'super predators' is the basis of a below-the-radar effort to discourage infrequent black voters from showing up at the polls—particularly in Florida. 
That strategy in action: 
On Oct. 24, Trump's team began placing spots on select African American radio stations. In San Antonio, a young staffer showed off a South Park-style animation he'd created of Clinton delivering the 'super predator' line (using audio from her original 1996 sound bite), as cartoon text popped up around her: 'Hillary Thinks African Americans are Super Predators.' 
The animation will be delivered to certain African American voters through Facebook 'dark posts'—nonpublic posts whose viewership the campaign controls so that, as Parscale puts it, 'only the people we want to see it, see it.' The aim is to depress Clinton's vote total. 'We know because we've modeled this,' says the official. 'It will dramatically affect her ability to turn these people out.' 
Early voting shows that the efforts to decrease turnout may not be working according to the Trump campaign's plan, but it's rare for a campaign to so openly boast of an effort to get people not to vote. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Cindy Ord/Allergan 
Reality star Khloe Kardashian is just one signature away from being officially divorced from ex-basketball player Lamar Odom. 
As Us Weekly reports , the almost single Kardashian is now spending a lot of time with another professional basketball player, Cleveland Cavalier power forward Tristan Thompson. Khloe Kardashian traveled to Cleveland to support Tristan Thompson as he received his NBA championship ring. https://t.co/pHHPY6bk29 pic.twitter.com/2hG4Ysapfi — EntertainmentTonight (@etnow) October 26, 2016 
In fact, the 32-year-old denim designer was seen cheering on her new boyfriend during the Cavaliers game against the New York Knicks on October 25th. 
That same game, Thompson and the rest of his team received their championship rings for winning the NBA final last year. 
Kardashian was sure to document the occasion on social media, posting a picture of the enormous, 14-karat gold championship ring encrusted with 216 diamonds. The picture posted to her Instagram not only featured Thompson's ring, but also a few of her own diamond rings as well: ❤️ A photo posted by Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Oct 25, 2016 at 8:54pm PDT 
The photo — simply captioned with a red heart — is causing a lot of people to wonder if Khloe learned anything from her sister's traumatic experience in Paris just three weeks ago. 
While attending Paris Fashion Week, Kim was tied up, gagged, and held at gunpoint while five masked men ransacked her apartment, stealing $10 million worth of her jewelry. Kanye was performing at a concert in New York as it went down. 
While in Paris, Kim posted a picture of her $4 million engagement ring from husband Kanye, which is rumored to be among the stolen jewelry. A photo posted by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Sep 29, 2016 at 12:40pm PDT 
Before the robbery, the Kardashian clan had been warned by police about the dangers of social media. Even fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld, who is no stranger to flaunting his wealth, told reporters that Kim needed to tone down her display of wealth on social media. 
Following the incident with sister Kim, Khloe's picture on social media has followers asking: 
'That's how she gets robbed.' 
'Didn't you learn from what happened to your sister? Shouldn't flash your fancy jewelry on social media.' 
'Good luck showing all that bling. How's Kim holding up?' 
'#ThenGetsRobbed' 
'Your sister was robbed and you are still posting bling? Have you learned nothing?' 
'I love you, but didn't you learn anything from your sister's robbery? Why flash every jewel you have?' 
Since the robbery, Kim has kept a very low profile , spending more time with her kids and her family and less time working and making appearances. Kim Kardashian has 'cancelled everything,' KUWTK filming is placed 'on hold indefinitely' https://t.co/GusRncKLBb pic.twitter.com/OVsfmnRh7L — Daily Mail Celebrity (@DailyMailCeleb) October 6, 2016 
Khloe's photo also sparked engagement rumors, but a source close to the Kardashian family says that the couple isn't heading down the aisle... yet. 
After Kim's incident, it might be best for the Kardashians to keep photos of their expensive jewelry few and far between. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Thomas Cooper 
Support for a ban on 'assault weapons' is at the lowest rate in two decades, according to a poll released Wednesday. 
In an October survey from Gallup, 36 percent of Americans favor an assault weapons ban, down 21 percent since the pollster asked the same question in 1996. Image Credit: Gallup 
And the decrease in support for broader gun control measures spans all political affiliations. 
While 50 percent of Democrats support a ban, Independents and Republicans are more closely aligned with 31 percent and 25 percent support for an assault weapons ban, respectively. 
The only part of Gallup's survey that had Americans favoring stricter gun laws north of 50 percent centered on firearm sales specifically. According to Gallup, 55 percent of Americans think gun transactions should be more strict. However, that figure is also lower than levels from the 1990s. 
While assault rifles with selective fire are limited to military use absent a very rare and special permit, proposed assault weapons bans generally encompass semiautomatic rifles, shotguns, and handguns that some lawmakers deem too dangerous for public use. 
Gun rights and gun violence issues have been at the forefront of the presidential election for much of the year. But with many terrorist attacks and mass shootings resulting politicians' calls for bans, the opposition has only grown stronger. 
ARTICLE

The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
The strangest presidential election campaign in modern history continues. 
And the old saying 'politics makes strange bedfellows' was never more true than in this almost surrealistic example: conservative firebrand Sean Hannity praising uber-liberal filmmaker Michael Moore for praising Donald Trump—sort of, anyway. 
During Hannity's radio show on Wednesday, Hannity said of Moore : 
'He realizes that there is a whole generation of people now, hard working, tax-paying long-suffering Americans, who have been keeping the country going through the hardest times — the people that built this country that are screwed over." 
Hannity was referring to observations Moore makes in his recently released film 'Michael Moore in TrumpLand,' particularly about comments Moore said Trump made to Ford executives during a meeting of the Detroit Economics Club: 
"'If you close these factories like you're planning to do in Detroit, and build them in Mexico, I'm going to put a 35% tariff on those cars when send them back, and nobody's going to buy them.' 
It was an amazing thing to see. No politician — Republican or Democrat — had ever said anything like that to these executives." 
Lest you think Moore has 'lost his mind' and gone over to 'the dark side,' think again. 
He mocked Donald Trump Jr. and the 'right wing' on Twitter on Wednesday for misconstruing his comments in 'TrumpLand': Hey everyone - Trump, Jr. & right wing thinks my movie called "TrumpLand" is pro-Trump! Haha. Pls don't tell them otherwise! #satire #irony pic.twitter.com/difR93uzTg — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 26, 2016 
Meanwhile, Hannity continues to sing Moore's praises. Strange bedfellows indeed. Even if one of them is being played. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Jemall Countess/Stringer The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
Megyn Kelly is a bit of a hot commodity nowadays, though one might not be able to tell that from the ire she is drawing from Trump fans. 
The Week, and other publications, kicked up a media frenzy this summer by speculating that Megyn Kelly was leaving Fox News, much to the delight of her Trump-supporting detractors: 
Megyn Kelly's contract at Fox News will expire after the election, and the star anchor has publicly confessed that she doesn't know what's going to happen after that. 'I've had a great 12 years here, and I really like working for Roger Ailes. I really like my show, and I love my team. But, you know, there's a lot of brain damage that comes from the job,' she told Variety this spring. Image Credit: Mike Coppola/Getty Images for People.com 
In an 'exclusive' report from Breitbart, the bigwigs at the network were purportedly forming an alliance to 'block' her, and in an eye-opening bit of potential foreshadowing for TrumpTV , the website wrote: 
At least one top talent inside Fox News has confirmed to Breitbart News that a major talent meeting among various different hosts is scheduled, and they are considering leaving with Roger Ailes to form a new network to compete with Fox. 
'Everyone here hates Gretchen and Megyn,' the anonymous source reportedly told the website. Gretchen Carlson would later leave Fox News . 
Of course, Roger Ailes was to be forced out after he was blitzed by sexual harassment accusations from a number of female employees, including a claim by Megyn Kelly. New York Magazine reported : 
According to two sources briefed on parent company 21st Century Fox's outside probe of the Fox News executive, led by New York–based law firm Paul, Weiss, Kelly has told investigators that Ailes made unwanted sexual advances toward her about ten years ago when she was a young correspondent at Fox. Kelly, according to the sources, has described her harassment by Ailes in detail. Image Credit: Stephen Lovekin/Getty Images 
Ailes would find safe harbor with the Trump campaign , whose presidential nominee Donald Trump later found himself under siege from sexual assault accusations . Recently, Vanity Fair published a story that the two media potentates had a ' falling out .' 
In August, Fox News appointed two executives to attempt filling Ailes' shoes: Bill Shine and Jack Abernethy, who were named as co-presidents. Due to a colossal media merger of AT&T and Time Warner, CNN executive Jeff Zucker is believed by some to have the inside track on taking over at Fox News. The Hollywood Reporter writes : 
CNN's Jeff Zucker who, having worked for GE when he ran NBC, might be considered a more logical bridge to AT&T and, if rebuffed, might likely be open to the Murdoch sons' interest in having him come to run Fox News. 
The Murdoch brothers are not believed to share their father's conservative sensibilities, and thus there are concerns that the two would reshape the network into a much less conservative one. Image Credit: Paul Zimmerman/Getty Images 
With Sean Hannity riding high as a conservative pundit on the strength of his vocal Trump support, his ratings have even eclipsed Kelly's... at least for now. There is a strong belief by many that the host's unwavering support is an audition for TrumpTV, should The Donald lose the election. 
It's in this tumultuous environment — filled with intrigue at the network and turmoil across the media landscape — that Megyn Kelly's future has become uncertain. A leaked discussion of her contract negotiations sheds more light. 
As reported by Politico: 
Contract negotiations between Megyn Kelly and Fox News Channel have spilled into the media, with Fox News interim CEO Rupert Murdoch talking on the record to The Wall Street Journal (which he also owns via his other company, News Corp.) about the matter. 
According to the Journal's Joe Flint, 'Mr. Murdoch said in an interview that she is important to the network and he hopes to get a contract signed 'very soon,' but noted, 'it's up to her.'' 
Then Murdoch hinted, not unsubtly, 'We have a deep bench of talent, many of whom would give their right arm for her spot.' 
As noted by the publication, Kelly is shopping around her talents as well, booking an expected appearance as co-host of ABC's 'Live with Kelly!' Image Credit: Paul Morigi/Getty Images 
Megyn Kelly is also seeking a more lucrative contract: 
Flint reports that Kelly, who will make around $15 million this year, is aiming to get north of $20 million per year with her new contract. He also said he wants to keep Bill O'Reilly on as the channel's 8 PM host. O'Reilly's contract is also up next year. 
Murdoch also attempted to put rumors of a less conservative Fox News outlet to rest in the Wall Street Journal interview: 
'We're not changing direction…that would be business suicide.' 
If TrumpTV indeed becomes a reality, the winds of change may shift again. Fox News will have a very different look — with or without Megyn Kelly — as a feud looms over who is the real 'conservative' leader in cable news. 
ARTICLE


Nearly every day, Kathleen Hotard walks down her driveway to meet her son as he gets off the bus. Though he's only five years old, Kenneth has been taking the bus home from school for almost two years. 
So when Hotard didn't see her son at the bus stop after school, she was afraid. When she learned why he wasn't there, that fear quickly turned to anger. Image Credit: Screenshot/WWL-TV 
As WWL-TV News reports, Hotard had gone to the bus stop on Monday and waited for her son to appear. When he didn't, the worried mother immediately thought about the terrible things that could have happened. She tells WWL-TV: 
'The driver opened the doors and my child was not on the bus. The driver informed me he was not there and that she didn't know where he was but that he had not gotten on the bus that day. You get this pit in your stomach because you don't know where your child is. You don't know if they're okay or if they're crying for you.' 
Learning why her son hadn't gotten on the bus didn't make things better. Upset that the other children were throwing spitballs that sometimes hit him, Kenneth had told his teacher he had a note from his mother giving him permission to walk home from school. 
Unfortunately, there was no note, but the school failed to confirm that fact with Hotard. She tells WWL-TV: 
'I was informed my child had lied and said he had a parental note to walk home. I confirmed I never wrote a note, and they confirmed they never saw a note. He said he had misplaced it.' 
After learning that a substitute teacher had taken Kenneth at his word with no follow-up, Hotard is now demanding action from the school. Though she says that she is angry with her son for lying, she also wonders why the school didn't check with her before allowing her son to walk home alone. 
As for Kenneth, a call to the police from a concerned citizen helped find him. He was found about a half mile from school, heading in the wrong direction down a busy road. He admitted that he got 'kind of' lost trying to get home. 
The school superintendent has apologized and promised to investigate what went wrong. Hotard hopes that this will be followed by safeguards that will prevent the same thing from happening again. She tells WWL-TV: 
'I don't want any other parent to ever have to feel what I felt. I don't want any other child to be on a side of a road by themselves scared.' 
ARTICLE


During much of his 2016 presidential run, Donald Trump has struggled to gain the support of the black community. 
Even in September, an ABC News/Washington Post poll found that 'just 3 percent of blacks support Trump,' while 93% backed Hillary Clinton. 
In recent months, however, one unexpected figure has stepped up his efforts to change all that: iconic civil rights figure, Clarence Henderson. Celebrate the Civil Rights Act of 1964 on Wed. in chapel @SEBTS . Featuring a panel w/ Clarence Henderson (far right). pic.twitter.com/ybggcTF7VD — Walter Strickland (@w_strickland) September 15, 2014 
During the 1960s, Henderson's name became a symbol of the fight to end segregation, when he participated in the peaceful sit-in at the Woolworth lunch counter in Greensboro, North Carolina. 
To be sure, supporting Republicans is nothing new for Henderson, as he credits them as the party 'behind the constitutional amendments that abolished slavery, granted equal protection to freed slaves and gave blacks the right to vote.' 
Henderson explained to The Associated Press that the first time he voted for a Republican presidential candidate was with George W. Bush, and he plans to continue his support for the GOP this year. 
It's a trend he hopes other black voters will follow in this election. To those who say Trump isn't with the blacks, how come Clarence Henderson, one of the men involved with the Woolworth sit ins, supports him? pic.twitter.com/SMKuUBuT9N — chad (@chadmattk) October 16, 2016 
As to why he specifically supports Trump, Henderson has said he believes that 'America is a business,' and that Trump has the experience to run it: 
"He has proved to be a leader in the business field. Has he done everything right? No, certainly not. 
But I think that he has more at stake than Hillary does." 
It's a stance Henderson expounded on during a CNN interview in August: 
When asked by CNN's Jim Sciutto how he could reconcile his civil rights background with Trump's ' ties to folks who have said and propagated some racist things,' Henderson responded : 
"See I come from an era of time known as 'Jim Crow,' and I know what racism is and what racism isn't... 
I'm not looking to like Donald Trump, I'm looking at what he will do. 
I look at the history of the Republican party versus the history of the Democratic party, and for the last eight years we have been put in dire straights because the policies that have been put in place such as Obamacare... 
We need jobs as opposed to things that are happening right now." 
Though Henderson has faced criticism for his support of Trump, he says he doesn't mind, as he'd 'rather be in the minority on the side of justice than in the majority on the side of injustice.' 
Whether or not it's because of the support of men like Henderson, though, Trump has seen a sharp rise in his support among black voters. 
A more recent poll , courtesy of Los Angeles Times/University of Southern California, put 'Trump's support among black voters at 20.1 percent — up from 3.1 percent on Sept. 10.' 
ARTICLE


With deer hunting season upon us, Arby's has decided to get in on the action. 
In select locations across six states, the fast food chain will sell the 'Venison Sandwich' for three day stints at each restaurant from Oct. 31 to Nov. 28. 
Chief marketing officer Rob Lynch, who calls venison 'incredibly delicious,' explains in an official press release that Arby's is not afraid to take 'risks' when it comes to trying new things. Arby's is celebrating hunting season with a venison sandwich https://t.co/j3fIKvRhTK pic.twitter.com/fKvTCgg4sm — Fortune (@FortuneMagazine) October 26, 2016 
He states: 
"We're a brand that's not afraid to take risks, and while the venison sandwich is probably the biggest stretch for us yet, it's incredibly delicious and we can't wait to get it in the hands of our guests. You won't leave a hunt empty-handed after stopping by Arby's.' 
The 100% venison sandwiches will be made with 'premium cut top and bottom round steaks from the hind quarter of the deer.' Wisconsin, Minnesota, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Tennessee and Georgia are the states that will be serving them up. 
So what exactly will this Venison Sandwich taste like? 
Arby's describes it like this: 
'The Venison Sandwich at Arby's features a thick-cut venison steak and crispy onions topped with a juniper berry sauce on a toasted specialty roll. The venison is marinated in garlic, salt and pepper and then cooked for three hours to juicy, tender perfection. The juniper berry sauce is a Cabernet steak sauce infused with juniper berries, giving the already unique sandwich another signature twist.' 
According to Arby's, the 17 locations that you can get the sandwich are as follows: 
Available Oct. 31-Nov. 3: 
2044 Rosa L. Parks Blvd. , Nashville, Tenn. 
Available Nov. 4-6: 
3821 Tower Ave., Superior, Wis. 
1690 Park Place Blvd., St. Louis Park, Minn. 
704 Highway 33 South, Cloquet, Minn. 
348 Lincoln Ave. SE, St. Cloud, Minn. 
3275 First St. S, St. Cloud, Minn. 
4415 Roswell Rd. NE, Atlanta, 
Available Nov. 12-14: 
4229 W Vienna Rd., Clio, Mich. 
4040 17 Mile Rd. NE, Cedar Springs, Mich. 
1215 M 89, Plainwell, Mich. 
8685 Birch Run Rd., Birch Run, Mich. 
Available Nov. 25-27: 
5205 Library Road, Bethel Park, Penn.4260 Ohio River Blvd., Bellevue, Penn. 
16 Towne Center Drive, Leechburg, Penn. 
2539 W State St., New Castle, Penn. 
2648 Ellwood Rd., New Castle, Penn. 
3224 Wilmington Rd., New Castle, Penn. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Michael Bocchieri IJR Opinion is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
In July, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals in New York overturned a ruling in Microsoft v. United States that forced Microsoft to hand over private email correspondence and other data to US law enforcement from servers based in Dublin, Ireland. It was a victory for privacy because the Department of Justice (DOJ) was unable to force compliance of the Stored Communications Act . 
But last week, the DOJ expressed interest in re-hearing Microsoft v. United States , once again jeopardizing domestic and international privacy rights. If the decision is overturned, not only will Microsoft's security be threatened, but so too will all foreign nations that house data owned by any US-based company. 
If the July ruling is indeed overturned, the Fourth Amendment will be seriously weakened and taxpayers will have no assurance that continued overreach by the DOJ will be stopped. Not only will future domestic investigations not need a warrant, but neither will those of an international scope. The utter lack of safeguards in place would point to a foreseeable overreach by U.S. investigators and the destruction of the nation's diplomatic efforts. 
The U.S. government would assuredly be mad if a foreign country took private data and intelligence from our soil without a warrant. After all, the U.S. has started wars over more trivial matters. So why would any reasonable court believe that the U.S. has a special 'hall-pass' to do whatever it pleases with other nations' data? 
The root of the problem is the Stored Communications Act, which is part of the outdated Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA). Under ECPA, any data held by U.S. companies fewer than 180 days old can be 'legally' confiscated by the government. 
Of course, the problem with this antiquated policy becomes quite apparent when applied to a modern world - a world where data is consumed at ridiculous rates. ECPA was signed into legislation before personal computers were around and when a gigabyte of storage cost more than $200,000 . Nowadays, practically everybody uses a computer and a gigabyte of storage costs just 4 cents. 
If the Microsoft case is re-opened, the DOJ would have the ability to use ECPA's outdated loopholes to circumvent the Fourth Amendment and force data-based companies to comply, regardless of whether or not they have a warrant. 
Thankfully, Senators Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), Chris Coons (D-Del.), and Dean Heller (R-Nev.) have already introduced a bipartisan bill that will rectify the problem. Their bill, the International Consumers Protection Act (ICPA), will repeal and replace the antiquated wording of ECPA. The legislation will distinguish between search warrants that seek data held abroad for U.S. persons as opposed to foreign citizens, with the objective of upholding the Fourth Amendment to preserve the privacy rights of Americans. 
In a letter to U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch, the ICPA co-sponsors explained that, 'when technology companies receive demands from U.S. law enforcement to turn over data on behalf of foreign customers, they are forced to make a difficult decision: either comply with the demand and satisfy U.S. law and risk violating the privacy laws of the host country, or challenge U.S. law enforcement's request in order to comply with the laws of the host jurisdiction.' No legislation should force companies to be placed in such a difficult position, especially given the fact that the legislation threatens the very rights that provided the foundation for the success of firms like Microsoft. 
ICPA has the potential to quell the DOJ's temper tantrum while paving the way for future policy that will protect our data from the 'oversight' of policy makers. This will foster the preservation and growth of law enforcement and consumer privacy while respecting the Bill of Rights. 
Congress can and will fix the problems with current law. Officials in the DOJ don't need to mess it up any further by re-opening Microsoft v. United States . Instead, they should open their pocket Constitutions and take another look at the Fourth Amendment. 
ARTICLE


The man who obliterated Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star says on video that he just did it to 'help' people. 
The man, who identified himself to Deadline Hollywood as Jamie Otis, pretended to be a construction worker to give himself cover at 5:30 Wednesday morning, as he took a pickaxe and sledgehammer to the terrazzo and cement star. 
Trump earned the star, which is situated on Hollywood Boulevard near the Dolby Theater, in 2007 for his work on 'Celebrity Apprentice.' But in just a few minutes it was destroyed: 
Image Credit: Screengrab/ Deadline Hollywood 
Now the man has reappeared on video admitting the vandalism, but says he did it for an altruistic cause: 
'I really wanted to do this. I think it's a symbol for all of us against sexual assault.' 
He said his intention was to sell pieces of the star to raise money for the women who have accused Trump of sexual wrongdoing. None of the women have provided concrete proof of their claims. 
The man, a self-proclaimed activist, admitted in an exclusive TMZ interview that this isn't his first rodeo: 
'I'm a non violent activist. I've been arrested 24, 25 times. I'd love to go to court with Mr. Trump, it would be a great honor.' 
Without irony, the man claimed that Trump is 'a bully' and that he needs to 'ease up.' 
This isn't the first time Trump's star has been the target of vandals. Recently, the star was surrounded by a cement box: 
Image Credit: Screengrab/ YouTube 
Unfortunately for Mr. Otis, police are currently looking for him, with the possibility that he'll be charged with a felony. Additionally, the star he destroyed in the name of justice is worth $30,000. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Kevin Mazur The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
Anderson Cooper is known to be the cool, mild-mannered news host of CNN's AC 360. But the shade he threw on Newt Gingrich after his rant against Megyn Kelly was nothing short of scorching. 
'I'm sick and tired of people like you using language that's inflammatory, that's not true!' Gingrich exploded on The Kelly File. 'When you use the words, you took a position. And I think it's very unfair of you to do that!' 
Then, the former Speaker went for the throat: 
'You wanna go back through the tapes of your show recently? You are fascinated with sex and you don't care about public policy! That's what I get out of watching you tonight!' 
Anderson Cooper noticed something unusual about Gingrich's line of attack: 
'For Newt Gingrich to accuse Megyn Kelly of being fascinated by sex,' Cooper stated. 'This is a guy, who's what, on his third marriage, cheated on his first two wives and was having an affair when he was impeaching Bill Clinton. Isn't that right?' 
That's about right. Newt Gingrich admitted to cheating on his first and second wives and having an affair during the Clinton impeachment hearings. 
Watch the segment: 
Trump supporters may not be pleased with the way Megyn Kelly has commented on all of those accusations, and her throwing doubt upon Juanita Broaddrick's rape claims against Bill Clinton did not win her friends in that camp. But love her or hate her, it's not Megyn's job to be the Trump campaign's unofficial spokeswoman. 
It may be her job to assume the role of a news commentator, however, rather than that of an 'objective' journalist. The idea that there is 'objectivity' when it comes to reporting the news is a tired and dangerous cliche the American people should put to rest. 
As for being 'fascinated by sex,' it just might be that Kelly is professionally interested in sexual assault and groping allegations against a presidential candidate, unfounded or otherwise, since the way those are perceived by the public just might sway a national election. 
ARTICLE


Michael Phelps left the Rio Olympics on a high note. He was retiring on his own terms at the pinnacle of a record-shattering career in the pool. He had his new son Boomer — born this past May — and his fiancee, Nicole Johnson , was busy planning their wedding. 
She told Cosmopolitan in late August that, because of the Olympics, she was taking on all of the wedding planning: 
"I took on everything, obviously, because he had to focus on going to the games. And now I'm like, 'What do you think about this and what do you think about that?' I know Michael well enough to know he doesn't need to partake in the tiny, minuscule decisions. 
But I also know him well enough to know that he does want to be involved in what flavor our cake is going to be and what flowers he thinks are ugly and what flowers he thinks are really pretty." 
But TMZ is now saying that it was all a ruse — that Johnson was talking a good game about plans for a wedding that had already happened in secret. 
According to TMZ's report, Phelps and Johnson actually tied the knot in Arizona on June 13th , after obtaining a marriage license just a few days prior. 
Johnson posted a rather unassuming photo that day: A photo posted by Nicole Michele Johnson (@nicole.m.johnson) on Jun 13, 2016 at 10:43pm PDT 
Despite that, as recently as four weeks ago, Phelps was still playing along: A photo posted by Michael Phelps (@m_phelps00) on Aug 28, 2016 at 11:28pm PDT 
And two weeks ago, Johnson was posting about bridal gown choices: A photo posted by Nicole Michele Johnson (@nicole.m.johnson) on Oct 7, 2016 at 5:27pm PDT A photo posted by Nicole Michele Johnson (@nicole.m.johnson) on Oct 8, 2016 at 1:02pm PDT 
And looking back, Johnson may have foreshadowed a little something in recent interviews. She told ' Access Hollywood ' that the wedding was 'taken care of,' though it seems they may still be planning a post-wedding celebration for family and friends: 
'It'll be small and intimate for the wedding, and then we're throwing a massive bash for everyone.' 
And in her Cosmopolitan interview , when asked if she thought she'd ever collaborate with Phelps on a professional level, she responded: 
'I would love to. Possibly hosting or reporting of some kind. But right now my main priority is being a wife to Michael and Boomer's mom.' 
The assumption at the time was that she meant 'being a wife' in the near future, but it could have just been a slip of the tongue. 
ARTICLE

IJR Opinion is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
I had my life threatened, and I didn't ask for it. 
Maybe it had something to do with the fact that a deranged moron woke up on the wrong side of the bed on a Monday morning, or maybe it's because I'm in a leadership position for my local Republican Party in a bellwether county. Maybe both. Either way, it was chilling. 
I got the email when I woke up at 7 a.m. on a Monday morning, right as I was getting ready for a busy week. As someone who works in public relations and media, I'm bound at the hip to my email inbox. 
Needless to say, the email with the subject line 'BOMB' instantly caught my eye. I opened it. 'This has to be a joke,' I thought. Another political fundraising email? After all, desperate times do call for desperate measures. 
'You Nazi f***ing Republicans are going to blow up to pieces,' it began: 
'You won't live to see the election day, and when your friends talk about how great you and your family WERE, other motherf***ing Republican a**holes would know how dangerous it is to insult the U.S. soon-to-be president Hillary Clinton.' 
Swell. The election hasn't even happened yet, and I'm already about to get droned by President Hillary Clinton. Alex Jones was right. Well, at least I'll go down in a blaze of glory. 
It continued: 
'You have no idea what a liar your gun-loving daughter-molesting pig of a candidate is, but don't worry, I'm gonna show you who he is and how much he really cares about you f***ers who are about to die for him. Sit tight, it'll be over soon.' 
And that was it. My immediate reaction was to send a quick reply, a snarky 'Nice to meet you too' or 'Do you even know me?' But I didn't. 
For the record, I've meticulously tiptoed around expressing public sentiments for or against Donald Trump. Anyone involved in a GOP leadership role is obligated to support whomever the GOP nominates. And if you refuse to back the candidate, you shouldn't publicly oppose or speak out against said candidate. Plus, there are curtains on the voting booth for a reason. 
But as far as the Republican Party is concerned, I have never been a fan of Donald Trump. Heck, I spent months of my life campaigning against Donald Trump in the GOP primaries. And while I am most definitely disgusted by Donald Trump's comments about women and social issues - and I think I can speak for many lifelong conservatives in my shoes - we should all be completely repulsed by this kind of attempt to threaten or undermine our democratic system through threat of physical harm. 
Anyone who threatens someone else's life because of alleged support for Donald Trump (or any other candidate) is threatening a pillar of freedom that makes our republic great. The threat I received this past week is hardly an isolated case, either. It is merely one example of many acts of violence taking place against people of differing viewpoints. David French of National Review wrote a particularly jarring account. 
You can bet that no matter the outcome on November 8th, there will be textbooks of postmortems about what happened this year. But it goes without saying that in the most contentious presidential election in recent memory, we seem to have forgotten who we are. 
We've all 'unfollowed' Facebook friends of opposing viewpoints, sent regrettably nasty in-the-moment texts to people with whom we disagreed, and engaged in shameless schadenfreude at the demise of both political parties. 
But despite our differences, I think Americans can all agree on one thing: we have a right to vote for whoever we think will be the best leader for our country. As Thomas Paine once said: 
'The right of voting for representatives is the primary right by which other rights are protected. To take away this right is to reduce a man to slavery, for slavery consists in being subject to the will of another.' 
Anyone who threatens the life of a fellow citizen because of his or her support for a candidate is attempting to attach a price tag of fear and risk to a vote. 
Despite intimidation, violence, despair, and bomb threats - go vote. Volunteer. In the meantime, you'll be silently laughing in the face of those who want to destroy our democracy. 
ARTICLE

The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
Donald Trump told an invitation-only audience of 700 supporters in Charlotte, North Carolina, on Wednesday that if elected, he will offer a 'new deal for black America.' 
He rolled out the plan wrapped in three promises . 
'I want to talk about how to grow the African American middle class and to provide a new deal for black America. That deal is grounded in three promises — safe communities, great education, and high paying jobs.' 
Of those promises, he said, in part: 
1. Safe Communities 
"Making our communities safe again will be a priority. You walk to the store to buy a loaf of bread maybe with your child and you get shot. We got to stop it. 
[T]he law will be applied fairly, equally and without prejudice. We will also police our streets—have to keep our streets safe. 
The problem is not the presence of police but the absence of police. We need really a great group of people to keep you safe, to keep us all safe." 
2. Education 
"School choice is at the center of my plan. And by the way we're going to terminate common core and bring education local. 
My proposal redirects education spending to allow every disadvantaged child to attend the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school of their choice." 
3. Jobs 
"When we stop off-shoring to low wage countries, we raise wages at home meaning rent and bills become instantly more affordable. 
I will also propose tax holidays for inner city investments, a new tax incentive to get foreign companies to relocate in blighted American neighborhoods. 
I will also pursue financial reforms to make it easier for young African Americans to get credit to pursue their dreams in business and create jobs in their communities." 
Trump has repeatedly asked America's blacks 'what do you have to lose?' On Wednesday, he once again explained why minorities should reject Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. 
'We keep electing the same people over and over and over and they keep coming back to the African American community and the Hispanic community and they keep talking about what they're going to do and they don't do it and four years later you see them again.' 
Based on a CBS News poll released last week, Trump has a steep hill to climb with less than two weeks to go — he received support from just 4 percent of likely black voters. 
ARTICLE


No parent ever wants to find out that their child is sexting. 
But if happens, how far is too far when it comes to teaching them a lesson? 
Last week, a 13-year-old girl from Riverside, California, could be seen 'bawling her eyes out' on the corner of a busy intersection as she held a handwritten sign that read: 
'I'm 13 and I ask for d*ck pics.' Image Credit: Screenshot/ NBC LA 
According to NBC LA, the teen was forced to be publicly humiliated by her parents after they found out she was sexting. 
Witnesses said the teen had been standing near the busy street for hours while her mother kept watch from a nearby car. 
The teen had to hold the sign up for so long, in fact, that local resident, Krista Wilson, called the police to complain about possible child abuse : 
Wilson also stated that as people drove by the teen, she could see "tears running down her face,' while 'grown men were reading it [the sign] and laughing.' 
Wilson wasn't the only person who complained. 
A witness snapped a photo of the girl then posted it to a Facebook news page and, in no time, it received countless views and comments. 
Many were completely outraged by the parents' actions: 
'This is so horrific! That poor little girl; she is 13! This is NOT the way to teach a child appropriate behaviour. She is a product of a hyper-sexual culture and doesn't deserve public humiliation like this. I'd be surprised if this doesn't contribute to actual trauma.' 
While another wrote: 
'It certainly was a teachable moment, instead her so called parents have shamed her. 13 is such an impressionable age for self esteem and the like. Way to go crappy parents ????' 
One commenter simply said: 
'Exploitation and abuse.' 
On the other hand, there were those who defended the mother's punishment, stating that something worse could have happened if the child's sexting continued: 
'I'm with the mom! Great job all the people who say oh it's bullying and etc etc get over it! This girl was being taught a lesson. Most parents don't give two shits these days what their kids are doing. I don't care about all the haters either. GOOD JOB MOM!!! Keep up the good work.' 
Another supporter of the parents' decision said: 
'Stop judging the parents, they are doing what they feel is the best course of action given the situation! If the teenager wasn't embarrassed to show her body and ask for the same in return, than she shouldn't be embarrassed for the punishment her parents gave her either!' 
Another suggested this could have been the last straw for the parents: 
'Maybe the parents tried a different approach and Lil kid tryna to be grown didn't learn so now shes learned the hard, embarrassing way.' 
During the incident, police did arrive on scene to assess the situation. 
They spoke to the mother and concluded that the punishment, while extreme, was not enough to warrant child abuse charges. 
So far, no legal action has been taken against the mother. However, it has been reported that a social worker would be contacting the mother to help her with parenting strategies. 
ARTICLE


Ever since the 2005 video was released of Donald Trump's 'grab them by the p***y' remarks, it seems as though many media outlets have focused on the mounting sexual assault allegations against the Republican nominee. 
Fox News host Megyn Kelly was no exception, recently asking former House Speaker and Trump surrogate Newt Gingrich if the allegations could be a reason for him falling behind in the polls. 
Gingrich snapped and explained that he was sick of people like Kelly using inflammatory language. 
He then argued that her asking him about the issue proves she's 'fascinated with sex': 
'You wanna go back through the tapes of your show recently? You are fascinated with sex and you don't care about public policy! That's what I get out of watching you tonight!' 
At a Trump event in Washington, D.C., Wednesday, an MSNBC reporter asked Gingrich what he would say to Republican women who were 'upset' by his remarks in Kelly's interview, according to the Blaze . 
Gingrich had a pretty insightful response: 
'I've had a lot of Republican women write me and thank me for standing up to the baloney that is thrown at us by people who excuse Bill Clinton — ignore Bill Clinton — and then explain to us how shocked they are by Donald Trump." 
However, not all Republican women are standing by their party. Katie Packer, a deputy campaign manager for Mitt Romney in 2012, told the Washington Post the GOP has a lot to make up for after Election Day: 
'For next-generation professional women, the party is going to have to do something very, very drastic to change the course of where this candidate has taken us. I think the leaders in our party are going to have to aggressively reject this. Come November 9, they better be prepared to make very strong statements condemning all of Trump's behavior.' 
A recent Fox News poll shows Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump by three points among likely voters. 
ARTICLE


With just 12 days until Election Day, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and wife, Melania, sat down to discuss the campaign's 'best and worst moments' on 'Good Morning America.' 
Journalist George Stephanopoulos began by asking Melania if she's still confident in her husband winning the race to the White House: 
'I see the connection with the American people and my husband, and he created a movement. The crowd and the people that are behind him are unbelievable to see.' 
But when Stephanopoulos questioned whether she'd physically get out there on the campaign trail and stump for Trump, she wasn't as confident: 
'We will see. My priority is my son Barron and I support [my husband] 100% and I'm there for him every time he needs me.' 
Trump was quick to interject, saying Melania would actually give two or three speeches soon, something that seemed to be news to Melania: Image Credit: Screenshot/ ABC News 
Trump explained that her speeches would be 'big' and 'important': 
'She's amazing when she speaks. She is an amazing public speaker. She's agreed to do two or three speeches, and I think it's going to be big speeches, important speeches.' 
It's understandable if Melania isn't eager to give speeches on the campaign trail, given what happened at the Republican National Convention in July. 
Trump's wife was publicly ripped apart after journalist Jarrett Hill pointed out the similarities between her speech and Michelle Obama's in 2008. 
Though a side-by-side video comparison showed how certain passages were identical, Melania said she wrote the speech herself...with a little help from Hillary Clinton's former speechwriter. 
Despite the controversy, however, many commended her speech as 'beautiful' and given 'with tremendous poise'— reflecting skills Trump's campaign may benefit from in these next two weeks. 
ARTICLE


Dang, so this email just got released: "Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email? And has that person been drawn and quartered?" https://t.co/jXc1mHi5vn — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) October 27, 2016 The Backstory: 
Clinton surrogate Neera Tanden was going on CNN with Jake Tapper in July of 2015, where she was told she'd be shown a new poll comparing Hillary Clinton to Bernie Sanders and others, including Jeb Bush. While she didn't know the results of said poll, she told John Podesta (via email) that she expected it to be rough. 
Podesta fired back: 
'PS can you imagine what the Republicans would do to [Bernie] if he were the nominee?' 
To which Tanden replied: 
"Well, let's see what the poll actually says. 
Let's hope the Democratic party is not suicidal." 
Then Tanden dropped the hammer: 
"Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email? And 
has that person been drawn and quartered? 
Like whole thing is fucking insane." 
WikiLeaks has thus far released 33,000 Podesta emails. While the Clinton campaign has yet to confirm their accuracy, they have also not challenged their authenticity. It's been 3 weeks since @WikiLeaks began publishing Podesta emails. Not one doc has been claimed - let alone demonstrated - to be doctored. — Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) October 27, 2016 
Expect even more to come out over the next two weeks, but keep this in mind: Way back in 2015, the people at the top of the Clinton campaign were at war over the decision to let her use personal emails. 
Will that continue if — or when — she returns to the White House? Image Credit: Pool/Getty Images 
Editor's Note: This story was updated after publishing to correct that Tanden, not Podesta, gave the money quote. 
ARTICLE


Dr. Matthew Tossman is the principal of Manhattan Early College School for Advertising in New York. 
During a typical school day, Tossman came across a student blasting music through his headphones just a little too loudly in the hallway. 
As any principal would do, Tossman asked 18-year-old student Luis Penzo to turn down the music. 
When Penzo refused, Tossman tried to take the headphones off the student's head — and that's when things backfired. 
According to CBS 2 , Penzo punched the principal in the face, and then repeatedly struck him until someone was able to intervene and stop the altercation. Image Credit: Screenshot/CBS News 
The principal was left bloodied and severely beaten. The student was arrested and charged with second-degree assault. 
Tossman, who's recovering in his home, wrote a letter to his well-wishers on campus, thanking them for their kind words: 
"As many of you know, I was injured yesterday during an incident in school. 
I am writing to thank you for the outpouring of support that I received from this community; your phone calls, emails, and kind words have lifted my spirits.' 
He also noted that he will return to school as soon as he is able. Image Credit: Facebook 
Little is known about the student who assaulted Tossman, but the student's lawyer told the New York Post that he has been unable to cope with his emotion since his mother passed away a year ago from a brain aneurysm. 
Penzo's attorney claimed the student's violent reaction was an outburst fueled by his inability to properly grieve. 
Regardless, this is yet another incident of student-on-teacher violence, a worrying trend in the United States that's becoming all too common. 
For example, a teen brutally attacked a teacher in Memphis back in May. 
The whole incident was caught on camera: 
A similar incident happened in Georgia at Mt. Zion High School just this week when a 68-year-old female teacher was assaulted by a 17-year-old male student. 
The teacher's daughter, Anna Rodriguez, described the beating to 11 Alive : 
'He jumped up and started screaming at her and started swearing at her, and kept, like, bucking up on her. So she put her arms up to brace herself, so he grabbed both of her breasts and twisted them very hard, and then threw her to the ground.' 
Penzo is currently being held on a $5,000 bond. 
ARTICLE


Chloe Lattanzi, actress and daughter of Grammy-winning singer and Hollywood actress, Olivia Newton-John, is talking openly about the body image struggles she had as a teenager—and the things she did to combat her poor self-image. Image Credit: Screenshot/ YouTube 
Appearing on Wednesday's episode of 'The Doctors,' Lattanzi revealed that she had implants and plastic surgery when she was younger because she suffered from body dysmorphia . 
Body dysmorphia is a disorder which makes people obsess over parts of their body. 
People with the disorder imagine their bodies to be severely flawed, to the point that it makes it difficult for them to function normally. 
Lattanzi spoke about her particular experience with the disorder as a teenager, and the anorexia, anxiety, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and depression that accompanied it: 
'I went through this sort of chubby phase [as a kid]- I ate to comfort myself. I would see comments in magazines about how I was chubby. So around 16 I started to restrict food, exercise more.' Image Credit: Chris Weeks/Getty Images 
Over one summer in particular, Lattanzi lost a lot of weight, but her new thinness brought with it problems, too. 
She said she turned to plastic surgery and implants: 
'When I was in the height of my body dysmorphia, I had a whole bunch of fillers. I've had that all removed from my face because I like the way I look naturally.' 
Recently, Lattanzi saw some photographs of herself as a teenager and doesn't understand why she thought her appearance was so defective. Image Credit: Kevin Winter/Getty Images 
She says she's never shown the pictures to anyone before, but that they're a valuable tool for providing context to the mental illness from which she was suffering. 
Now, having recovered from body dysmorphia and anorexia, the 30-year-old says she regrets making so many changes to her appearance: 
'I look back at myself and I as a teenager and I'm like, 'What a beautiful young woman.' What was I thinking? Why was I so insecure?' Image Credit: Screenshot/ YouTube 
Lattanzi feels that social media's focus on appearance is a major culprit when it comes to young women struggling with negative self-image: 
'I think so many young girls are going through body dysmorphia — we're constantly told how we're supposed to look via Instagram and filters. There's constant pressure for us to look perfect.' 
Now, Lattanzi says she's 'stable and in a loving relationship,' but she's still plagued by some anxiety. 
She says the memory of her illness is a wound that may never completely heal. Image Credit: David Livingston/Getty Images 
Body dysmorphia affects about 1.7% to 2.4% of the general population—or one in 50 people. 
It is often accompanied by eating disorders, depression, and anxiety disorders, such as obsessive-compulsive disorder. 
Surprisingly, according to some studies, cases of body dysmorphia are more often found in men than women.
ARTICLE


In November 2014, a horrific gang rape allegedly took place at a New Jersey college. 
The supposed victim: a 19-year-old woman who claims she was lured into a fraternity 'date party' by members of Pi Kappa Alpha (PIKE). 
She's continuing to fight for justice after what allegedly happened to her two years ago, by filing a federal lawsuit in U.S. District Court last week against Ramapo College in Mahwah, New Jersey. Ex-student sues NJ college over alleged 'brutal' gang rape at frat house, dorm https://t.co/84VQ1uKHZY — New Jersey 101.5 (@nj1015) October 25, 2016 
According to northjersey.com , the victim was greeted at her dorm door by a fraternity member in a tuxedo, who was reportedly 'assigned' to get girls to come to the party. 
Once the victim was there, court documents reveal she became drunk to the point of unconsciousness and woke up after attending the party, felt she had been sexually assaulted, and went to Hackensack University Medical Center. Officials there found lacerations 'consistent with non-consensual sex.' 
The teen, who goes by 'Jane Doe' in the lawsuit, claims she was gang raped by tuxedo-wearing Christopher A. Lopez and another student, Nakeem Gardner, who are now 26 and 22 years old. 
The New York Daily News reports Lopez and Gardner even played the game 'rock, paper, scissors' to decide who would have sex with the female student first. 
And the abuse allegedly didn't end there. NJ.com reports: 
After the initial sexual assault, the teen was involuntarily moved 'without her shoes, underwear and jacket' across campus to Mackin Hall, where she was raped by others, the lawsuit claims. 
The suit alleges some of the male students 'were falling-down laughing hysterically while also videotaping the sexual assault' on a cell phone. 
Three other students — Christopher Rainone, 20, Jordyn Massood, 20, and Justin Sommers, 20 — were also charged in connection to the alleged assault. 
Lopez and Gardner were charged with second degree sexual assault for allegedly gang raping the victim. Rainone, Massod and Sommers were charged with failing to aid the victim and for videotaping her while she was naked. 
All five former students have been indicted in connection with the alleged attacks, but pleaded not guilty in July 2016, and were offered a plea deal as a result. Image Credit: Bergen County Prosecutor's Office 
The lawsuit holds Ramapo College and/or PIKE Fraternity and Chapter accountable for what allegedly happened. 
Here are just a few of the suits ' claims: 
'College and PIKE Fraternity representatives were aware of the events leading up to the assaults, but did nothing to intervene or stop them from unfolding.' 
'This includes public safety and security employees and representatives, including outside Campus Security staff on patrol and present in security booths and checkpoints, well as the individual responsible for entry and exit at Mackin Hall.' 
'The school failed to enforce their own alcohol policies and failed to deter underage drinking on campus.' 
'Ramapo College was negligent, had deliberate indifference and failed to render assistance to a victim and intentional infliction of emotional distress.' 
The lawsuit goes on to argue that the victim has suffered permanent physical, psychological and emotional injuries as a result. 
Incidentally, this same college made headlines in 2014, when a school-led session on 'understanding sexual assault' included advice that females should be aware of how their facial expressions could be misinterpreted by members of the opposite sex. 
Vice president at Ramapo, Cathy Davey, told northjersey.com the college hadn't yet been served with the lawsuit as of Tuesday, and that PIKE Fraternity was 'no longer on campus.' 
ARTICLE


The Republican National Committee launched a new video advertisement Thursday hitting Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on her support for the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as 'Obamacare.' 
The 27-second video, which is part of a five-figure campaign on Facebook, details the recent developments surrounding increased healthcare premiums for individuals in certain states by reminding voters of Clinton's support for the landmark law. 
The video, obtained by Independent Journal Review, also plays Clinton's quote taking credit for the Affordable Care Act's framework: 
'Before it was called Obamacare, it was called Hillarycare.' 
In a statement, RNC chairman Reince Priebus said, 'Hillary Clinton's tone deaf promises to expand Obamacare will only mean a greater strain on the finances of many American families,' adding: 
'Hillary Clinton has for years touted her own botched healthcare plans as the blueprint for this trainwreck of a law that was designed to fail, and the almost daily reports of skyrocketing premiums, disappearing options, and collapsing state exchanges will remain a reality if she is president.' 
Obamacare's struggles have been a prominent focus for Republicans in many down-ballot races across the United States. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has touched on the issue as well, releasing a brief healthcare position paper . 
Because of Clinton's role in the framework and selling of the Affordable Care Act, Priebus said that voters should reject Clinton. 
'The best way to hold Hillary Clinton and Democrats in Congress accountable for this mess is to elect Donald Trump president and return Republican majorities to the House and Senate so we can pass patient-centered healthcare reform that won't cripple family budgets," he said. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Justin Sullivan The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
Earlier this week, Americans learned that Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe's Super PAC, Common Good VA, donated $500K to Jill McCabe's senate run. 
Jill just so happens to be the wife of Andrew McCabe — the current Deputy Director of the FBI — who oversaw the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server. 
If that wasn't enough to give you trust issues, it turns out that Hillary Clinton herself headlined a fundraiser for Common Good VA. The event took place in June of 2015, just one month before the FBI officially launched its investigation into Clinton's email server. 
According to The Daily Mail , the fundraiser that Clinton helped spearhead raised over a million dollars. 
Clinton returned to Common Good in October of 2015 for another speech. That speech conveniently took place just one week before Jill McCabe received two donations, one on October 25th in the sum of $175,000 and the other on October 27th for $125,000. 
In addition, one of Common Good's biggest donors, James Bernard , gave the PAC $100,000 just three days before McCabe got her October donations. 
There's more. 
Bernard is a big Hillary supporter, too. In fact, he's listed on her site as a 'Hillblazer,' someone recognized for raising or contributing $100K or more to the campaign. 
Yet, he's the not the only Hillblazer who donated to Common Good before McCabe was given her biggest campaign contribution. 
Independent Journal Review discovered that Louisa Cohlan also donated $100k to Common Good. Her $100k donation took place on Sept 30th of 2015, which was one day before McCabe received a $150,000 from the PAC. 
Cohlan has an interesting tie to the Clintons. In 2014 , Louisa and her husband Johnathan purchased a 4.1 million dollar vacation home that the Clinton family used while Bill was still president. 'Auction planned for home where Clinton family stayed during Skaneateles vacations' http://t.co/dsPxh4qkws #PLANY pic.twitter.com/8tkSMPVl9w 
Other donors who contributed $100K to the PAC include: 
Samuel Nappi, who is also a major Clinton Campaign donor and supporter. 
The late Mark Weiner , a good friend of Bill Clinton and major fundraiser for the Democrat Party. 
And Robert L. Johnson, America's first African American billionaire who also donated $100K to the Clinton Campaign 
However, the deep ties Hillary's campaign has to Common Good go even deeper than that. 
The Daily Mail's investigation revealed the ties Clinton's staff have to the PAC: 
Zuzenak, who oversaw the donations to Jill McCabe, left Common Good VA last May to join the Clinton campaign as its Virginia field director. 
He isn't alone in the move. Common Good VA's executive director Michael Halle also joined the Clinton campaign as battleground analytics director in the spring of 2015. 
The group's former fundraiser, Amanda McTyre, is now a finance director for Clinton, and staffer Marissa Astor left to become an assistant Clinton campaign manager. 
And the cake-topper, Clinton's current campaign manager, Robby Mook, also worked for the PAC prior to the campaign role he has now. 
One thing is for certain: Such revelations will raise new questions about possible foul play and major conflict-of-interest surrounding Hillary's candidacy. Because with it all staring you in the face, everything seems all too convenient to just be a mere coincidence. 
ARTICLE


Country singers Carrie Underwood and Brad Paisley are set to return as the hosts of this year's Country Music Awards on November 2nd for the ninth time. Image Credit: Taylor Hill/Getty Images 
What makes this extra special is that the CMAs are celebrating their 50th anniversary. 
Despite the award show being so close to the 2016 presidential election, Underwood recently expressed that she doesn't want to talk about politics as one of the night's hosts. 
The singer tells The Boot she wants the 50th anniversary of the CMAS to stay focused on what they're there to celebrate— the music: 
'I prefer to stay away from politics. This is country music, and we have 50 years to cover. So I feel like we'll have lots to talk about, but I think it will be more geared to just us and what we do and all these legends that we have and people that have incredible talent that we have in our genre.' 
While we don't know if Paisley got Underwood's memo, we do know that he's already up to the duo's usual shenanigans . A few days ago, the singer encouraged everyone to vote for their favorite candidate. 
The singer made his choice clear with his shirt... A video posted by Brad Paisley (@bradpaisley) on Oct 21, 2016 at 1:56pm PDT 
Paisley's caption reads: 
'This November, be sure to vote for your favorite nominee... whoever that is...' 
The shirt is actually inspired by the Netflix series, 'House of Cards.' The main character is named Frank Underwood, which also works nicely for joking around with Carrie Underwood. 
You can get one like it at Kohl's: Image Credit: Screenshot/ Kohl's 
ARTICLE

Trending 
ARTICLE


On October 21, 2016, father of two Billy Flynn woke up early. He bought his ex-wife a bouquet of flowers, a card, and a gift, and he helped their kids make their mom breakfast for her birthday. 
Flynn was questioned about why he doing something nice for his ex-wife. This, he says on Facebook, annoys him. 
Warning: Graphic Language Loading Facebook Post... 
He writes, in part: 
'[I'm going to] break it down for you all. I'm raising two little men. The example I set for how I treat their mom is going to significantly shape how they see and treat women, and affect their perception of relationships.' 
Now don't get Flynn wrong, it hasn't always been this easy. In fact, he tells Independent Journal Review that it took him and his ex-wife a while to create a mutually respectful relationship. 
But as Flynn points out, when a divorce involves children, the well-being of those children is much more important than how the adults feel about each other. 
The proud father credits their two boys with inspiring them to work hard on their new relationship: 
"It definitely wasn't easy up front. I'd say it took us a good year to get it right. 
Divorce is hard and I think we all do and say some things that really aren't our best selves. But we always put the kids first, and honestly, I think that focus helped us repair our relationship into one of mutual respect over time, and our kids win as a result." 
Flynn tells Independent Journal Review that he believes it is 'extremely important' for parents to show care and respect for one another, especially when they are around their kids. Loading Facebook Post... 
He explains: 
"I'm not advocating that everyone can or should do what we do for each other to model for the kids. But I believe it is extremely important for parents to show each other respect and care in front of the kids. If your ex doesn't have a new [significant other], you got to make sure those kids have Mother's and Father's Day cards, birthday gifts, etc. 
Kids want to care for their parents by nature, but they cant do it alone. It's our job to facilitate that. So even if your ex is a terrible person in your eyes, you need to set it aside and realize your kids love this person. Seeing you mistreat someone they love is traumatic, whether you want to own it or not. 
So focus on the kids, make a pact, and I think you'll be surprised to find that your mutual focus on the kids will actually benefit your post-divorce relationship because it takes the spotlight off your individual hurts and anger and resentment." 
As Flynn says on Facebook, if others in a similar situations aren't modeling 'good relationship behavior,' then he suggests they wise up and be an example for their children. 
Some may say it's impossible, but Flynn couldn't disagree more. He tells Independent Journal Review that while establishing a mutual understanding with his ex-wife was hard, it was possible. And he knows that if he did it, you can do it too. 
By being able to rise above all the drama, co-parenting will turn into 'raising good men and strong women,' which as Flynn says, is something we need now more than ever. 
ARTICLE


For Robin Roberts, losing her mother while she was in the midst of her own fight for her life was an especially hard blow. Roberts's mother had always been there for her through every illness and injury. 
When she needed her mom the most, however, Roberts swears that she could hear her voice, encouraging her not to give up on life. Image Credit: Mireya Acierto/Getty Images 
As PopSugar reports, on a recent episode of ' Harry ,' the 'Good Morning America' co-host tearfully recounted the days she spent in the hospital after a bone marrow transplant. Famously open about her battles with breast cancer and a rare bone marrow disease, Roberts tells host Harry Connick Jr. that she had reached the point where the fight was too much for her: 
'There was a time when I sent everybody away, and I was in my room, and I just felt like I'm slipping away. I just couldn't.' 
One of the things that had made Roberts feel like giving up was the fact that her mother was no longer there by her side. However, she was soon to find that her mom was closer than she realized. She tells Harry: 
'I kept hearing this voice, 'Robin! Robin! Robin!' And suddenly, I open my eyes, and it's ... my nurse Jenny. She's looking at me. That was my mother's voice. I am convinced, when I was hearing that, even though it was Jenny, it was my mother's voice I was hearing.' 
Roberts believes that at her point of ' greatest isolation ,' her mother used Jenny to call her back, to remind her to keep fighting. 
Jenny, Roberts says, was 'invaluable' during this time. Acknowledging the bond between Roberts and her nurse, Harry surprised Roberts by reuniting her with nurse Jenny and another nurse who had cared for her. An emotional Roberts was able to thank them for not only everything they had done for her, but for what they have done for countless others: 
'Thank you for being our lifeline. Thank you for being there— not only for us, but for our caregivers ... for our loved ones.' 
ARTICLE


Joanne Liberato had noticed a few unusual things about her son Eddie. He seemed to bruise more easily than his older brother, and his cuts took too long to heal. However, nothing seemed worthy of panic until the day when a minor fall turned into a major injury. 
If Joanne hadn't followed her instincts, her toddler might have died. Image Credit: Flickr CC/ Damien Ayers 
According to Kidspot , it was eighteen-month-old Eddie's penchant for copying his older brother that led to the accident. Although neither boy was allowed to play on the couch, three-year-old Joel often did so anyway. 
When Eddie climbed up there himself, his mom called out for him to stop and ran to grab him. Unfortunately, she was too late to catch his fall. She tells Kidspot: 
'It was a heart-stopping moment, but then he started crying a second later and I thought he must be okay, people always say if they cry it means they're okay.' 
To Joanne's relief, Eddie didn't seem to have any injuries. However, his cries and the slight swelling she noticed on his head made her uneasy, so the worried mom followed her intuition and took her son to the hospital. Loading Facebook Post... 
At first, it seemed as though she had overreacted. After being under observation for four hours, Eddie seemed fine and his mother was ready to take him home. But when the toddler began vomiting, a doctor ordered a CAT scan. Suddenly, Joanne was extremely grateful they hadn't left the hospital earlier. She tells Kidspot: 
'They said he had bleeding on the brain and he had to be flown to Lady Cilento Hosptial in Brisbane for emergency surgery. All I could think was, 'what if I had gone home?' I could have lost him.' 
After Eddie's emergency surgery, doctors were disturbed to see that excessive bleeding was preventing his wound from healing properly. That's when Joanne told the doctors about her son's tendency to bruise and have cuts that bled for too long. 
The mom's recollection spurred new tests that revealed Eddie had hemophilia, a rare disorder that prevents blood from clotting. The discovery saved his life : 
'If they didn't stop the bleeding he would have passed away.' 
Unfortunately, that was only the beginning of the complications the courageous boy would face. Two successive infections required an operation to remove a portion of infected skull. This was followed by multiple blood transfusions and forty stitches in his head. 
Now, Eddie has to wait several months for surgery that will put a plate on his skull to protect his brain. In the meantime, a GoFundMe page has been set up to help the family with his medical costs. Loading Facebook Post... 
Eddie must wear a helmet to protect his fragile head and avoid rough play. His mother tells the Sunshine Coast Daily that keeping the active toddler safe can be stressful: 
'It's very hard for him, he just wants to run around with his brother and have fun. I'm living on tenterhooks watching over him.' 
Still, after everything her son has been through, Joanne says it's amazing how well Eddie has coped with his injuries. She tells Kidspot: 
'He's just an absolute trooper, I'm really proud of how he's handled everything.' 
ARTICLE

Getty - Andrew Theodorakis 
As more and more internal emails and documents show up through Wikileaks and other sources, America has seen the curtain pulled back dramatically on the current state of politics. 
In one of the most recent emails that the Daily Caller obtained through Citizens United, the receding curtain shed more light on Hillary Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State. 
The email exchange, dated December 4, 2012, began with a request from Paul McElearney — head of member development at the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) — to Huma Abedin. He wanted to meet face-to-face with Clinton during his trip to Ireland a few days later. 
In addition, McElearney asked Abedin if Clinton would meet with four others — two of whom were CGI sponsors. Abedin forwarded his request to Bill Clinton aides Doug Band, Jon Davidson, and Justin Cooper, and asked if they had ties to CGI: Image Credit: State Dept/Citizens United via The Daily Caller 
Abedin asked Clinton's aides: 
'Are these legit CGI people? I know Denis O'Brian but not the others. Everyone is asking to see her.' 
Davidson responded by confirming that two of the names on the list — O'Brian and Michael Carey — were connected to CGI, but that the other two names on the list were not. 
Another email obtained by Citizens United showed Bill Clinton aide Doug Band asking Abedin to invite an executive from the Dow Chemicals Japanese office (to whom both Band and Clinton were connected financially) to a State Department meeting between Hillary Clinton and the Japanese Prime Minister: Image Credit: State Department/Citizens United via The Daily Caller 
This is not the first time that Abedin has been implicated in Clinton's alleged efforts to leverage her position in the State Department to the financial advantage of CGI. 
Judicial Watch obtained a series of emails between Clinton aides Doug Band and Huma Abedin that detailed a number of times when people who donated or were connected to CGI were granted special or expedited access to Clinton while she served in the State Department. 
Among the most notable exchanges involved Crown Prince Salman of Bahrain, who had attempted access through normal channels and was denied. But Judicial Watch reported that everything changed once a donation was made: 
"Included among the Abedin-Band emails is an exchange revealing that when Crown Prince Salman of Bahrain requested a meeting with Secretary of State Clinton, he was forced to go through the Clinton Foundation for an appointment. 
Abedin advised Band that when she went through 'normal channels' at State, Clinton declined to meet. After Band intervened, however, the meeting was set up within forty-eight hours. 
According to the Clinton Foundation website, in 2005, Salman committed to establishing the Crown Prince's International Scholarship Program (CPISP) for the Clinton Global Initiative. And by 2010, it had contributed $32 million to CGI. 
The Kingdom of Bahrain reportedly gave between $50,000 and $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation. And Bahrain Petroleum also gave an additional $25,000 to $50,000." 
Abedin also revealed, in an email obtained by Wikileaks , a direct 'pay-for-play' exchange involving CGI and the king of Morocco — just weeks after Clinton had announced her run for the presidency. Fox News reported on the link: 
'Abedin wrote that 'this was HRC's idea' for her to speak at a meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative in Morocco in May 2015 as an explicit condition for the $12 million commitment from the king.' 
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook stalled and attempted to redirect when he was asked about this exchange in a recent interview with Fox News's Chris Wallace. 
ARTICLE


LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - Politicians often try to relate to the common man and fail miserably. However, in a moment of blunt candor and honesty, Libertarian candidate for President Gary Johnson spoke for all of us when he openly mourned the loss of majestic Harambe. 
'Why did they have to kill the gorilla?' Johnson lamented in an exclusive interview with Independent Journal Review. 
The former New Mexico Governor and nature enthusiast was visibly moved when asked about his feelings on Harambe, a celebrated Western Lowlands Gorilla living peacefully in the Cincinnati Zoo before he was cruelly cut down in the prime of his life after a child fell into his enclosure this past May. 'I'm sure it was a difficult decision for everyone involved,' Johnson said before ultimately bemoaning the cruel fate of the endangered, peaceful animal. 
Harambe's legacy has become a cultural and even political phenomenon. Green Party candidate Jill Stein has tweeted her defense of sweet Harambe and there is now an official Harambe Super PAC registered with the FEC called 'Justice For Harambe.' 
The Super PAC's creator Ryan Hall spoke with IJR last month describing what his PAC will be committed to doing: 
We will endorse any candidate who is willing to honor Harambe's legacy. Harambe represents all Americans and what it truly means to be an American. We will back candidates who will work toward legislation which ensures that innocent gorillas can live in peace and not be shot. We want candidates who support safe enclosures for majestic gorillas. We also will support candidates who will fight for nationwide Harambe memorials, so our children may learn the story of his life. 
We have reached out to Hall to see if the PAC, which had raised $20 at last reporting, would now be backing Gov. Johnson's Presidential run. 
ARTICLE

The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
During a panel discussion on Wednesday's 'Anderson Cooper 360,' Republican strategist and CNN regular Ana Navarro went off on Newt Gingrich over his meltdown on 'The Kelly File'— during which he angrily accused Kelly of being ' fascinated with sex .' 
After Cooper referred to Gingrich's rant as 'ironic,' Navarro jumped to take issue, 'correcting' the host before torching Gingrich over the treatment of his wife: 
'I think the word you were looking for was 'hypocritical.' Remember Newt Gingrich's wife? When he was running in 2012, told all of us, told the media [...] Gingrich offered her the choice between an open marriage or a divorce. 
So maybe, just maybe, if all of that baggage is on your shoulders, maybe you shouldn't be the surrogate out there wagging your finger and accusing the woman who was reporting on sexual assault. 
Let me explain it slowly — sexual assault and sex are two things. One is unwanted. One is wanted. So maybe they need to understand that to begin with.' 
Navarro told uber-Trump supporter Scottie Nell Hughes that Gingrich shouldn't be used by the campaign in any capacity, given his past. Image Credit: Screenshot/CNN YouTube 
Incidentally, following the release of the now-infamous leaked 2005 video in which Trump brags about grabbing women by the p***y, Navarro angrily yelled the word during a CNN panel discussion after Hughes chastised her for saying it on-air. 
We'll go ahead and put Ana down as a 'maybe' for Trump. 
ARTICLE

The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
In a campaign ad for Donald Trump, Laura Wilkerson talks about her horrific experience of her son being doused with gasoline and set on fire by an illegal alien. In the ad called 'Laura,' she explains why Hillary Clinton's policies are harmful for America. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Josh Edelson 
The Yale Record, America's 'oldest college humor magazine,' taunted the IRS on Thursday by essentially endorsing Hillary Clinton for president by 'not' endorsing her. 
The magazine is a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization, meaning they are prohibited from engaging in political activities. 
The Yale Record is walking a tightrope as it relates to their non-profit status. Read the editorial board's post below: 
In its 144-year history, The Yale Record has never endorsed a Democratic candidate for president. In fact, we have never endorsed any candidate for president. This is, in part, due to our strong commitment to being a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization, which mandates that we are 'absolutely prohibited from directly or indirectly participating in, or intervening in, any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any candidate for elective public office.' 
This year's presidential election is highly unusual, but ultimately no different: The Yale Record believes both candidates to be equally un-endorsable, due to our faithful compliance with the tax code. 
In particular, we do not endorse Hillary Clinton's exemplary leadership during her 30 years in the public eye. We do not support her impressive commitment to serving and improving this country—a commitment to which she has dedicated her entire professional career. Because of unambiguous tax law, we do not encourage you to support the most qualified presidential candidate in modern American history, nor do we encourage all citizens to shatter the glass ceiling once and for all by electing Secretary Clinton on November 8. 
The Yale Record has no opinion whatsoever on Dr. Jill Stein. 
—The Editorial Board of The Yale Record 
Any reasonable reader would infer that the editorial board is indeed supporting Clinton for president. The only question is whether the paper gave itself enough legal wiggle room before publishing what might as well be a full-throated endorsement. Image Credit: Jemal Countess/Getty Images 
Here's what the IRS has to say on the matter: 
'...tax-exempt organizations described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code are prohibited from participating or intervening in any political campaign on behalf of, or in opposition to, any candidate for public office. Charities, educational institutions and religious organizations, including churches, are among those that are covered under this code section." 
[...] 
'These organizations cannot endorse any candidates, make donations to their campaigns, engage in fund raising, distribute statements, or become involved in any other activities that may be beneficial or detrimental to any particular candidate. Even activities that encourage people to vote for or against a particular candidate on the basis of nonpartisan criteria violate the political campaign prohibition of section 501(c)(3)." 
The Yale Daily News faced similar controversy when it openly endorsed Clinton. The paper wouldn't confirm its non-profit status to The Daily Caller and called the matter a 'misunderstanding.' 
ARTICLE


Anyone who has ever watched HGTV has surely come across real estate agents-turned-house flippers Tarek and Christina El Moussa: A photo posted by Flip or Flop ???? (@tarekandchristina) on Apr 13, 2016 at 11:23am PDT 
The stars of 'Flip or Flop' have created a lucrative business, bringing in $10,000 for each episode, not to mention the money they make on the actual flip. 
But now the couple is now being accused of scamming people. 
For those unfamiliar with the show, it features the couple buying foreclosed homes in Orange County, CA, renovating them, and then putting them back on the market for a premium. 
Well, according to The Daily Mail, hopeful real estate investors attended a pricey series of seminars endorsed by the El Moussas, where they were told they would be learning the tricks of the trade that made the HGTV hosts rich. A photo posted by Flip or Flop ???? (@tarekandchristina) on Apr 15, 2016 at 3:49pm PDT 
Before enrolling, instructors enticed potential attendees by telling them that if they paid $1,997 for three days of classes and $1,000 for real estate software , they would learn how the star couple flips homes. 
They also would supposedly gain access to investors who could offer them cash to purchase their first investment. 
Instructors told people with poor credit scores and a weak job history that they were eligible candidates. 
People were even told that if they weren't able to sell their flipped home in a certain amount of time, they would receive a refund. A photo posted by Flip or Flop ???? (@tarekandchristina) on Apr 13, 2016 at 11:18am PDT 
But when people finally showed up to the costly seminar, neither of the hosts was anywhere to be found. 
Instead, the would-be real estate investors got a cheesy pre-recorded video of the El Moussas, followed by a sales pitch urging attendees to buy additional courses. 
Doug Stephens, a pastor and teacher from Havana, Florida, who paid and attended the course, was left extremely disappointed. He stated that attendees were not taught anything and were just given sales pitch after sales pitch: 
'They weren't really teaching at all.' A photo posted by Flip or Flop ???? (@tarekandchristina) on Apr 7, 2016 at 11:14am PDT 
Stephens wasn't the only person who felt this way. Numerous other attendees felt bamboozled as well. A photo posted by Christina El Moussa (@christinaelmoussa) on Jan 14, 2016 at 1:23pm PST 
Stephens said it was so bad that not only did instructors avoid answering his questions, but they asked the attendees to call their credit card companies and increase their credit limits. 
But that's not the worst part. 
On the final day, instructors allegedly tried to persuade them to buy more sessions—some of which cost nearly $30,000. A photo posted by Christina El Moussa (@christinaelmoussa) on May 11, 2016 at 4:45pm PDT 
Since the seminar, Zurixx LLC , the Utah-based company that runs the El Moussa educational seminars ( Success Path Education ), have received dozens of complaints. 
More and more people are calling the classes a ripoff. A photo posted by Christina El Moussa (@christinaelmoussa) on May 3, 2016 at 2:42pm PDT 
In response, Zurixx LLC has insisted that the complaints only represent a small portion of their attendees. 
The company showed over 2,300 letters where people praised them for the 'life-changing experience.' 
The HGTV stars have yet to respond. 
ARTICLE

Getty - John Shearer / Staff 
Comedian Patton Oswalt can still recall the details of that horrible day in April where he lost his beloved wife, Michelle McNamara. 
The night before, the 46-year-old McNamara, a true crime author, was exhausted from her day and night search for a serial murderer she had dubbed the 'Golden State Killer.' She was convinced she was closing in on the man she believed killed dozens in the 1970s and '80s. 
Oswalt, who was concerned about her health, suggested that she 'sleep until you wake up," a common phrase of the parents used, according to a recent interview with The New York Times: 
So the weary McNamara took a Xanax and quickly fell into a deep sleep. She would never wake up. 
That morning Oswalt took their 7-year-old daughter, Alice, to school and even picked up Michelle's favorite coffee on the way home. 
At 9:40 a.m., when Owsalt returned, she was still sound asleep and snoring. Image Credit: Daniel Knighton/Getty Images 
By 12:42 that afternoon the paramedics had arrived and McNamara was pronounced dead at the scene. 
While no official cause of death was announced at the time, Oswalt seems to know what tragically killed the mother of their child. 
He believes it was the Xanax, he told the Times: 
'I have a feeling it might have been an overdose. That's what the paramedics there were saying while I was screaming and throwing up.' 
The dangers of the prescription drug Xanax, a brand of benzodiazepines, or 'benzos,' cannot be understated. The medication is meant to treat anxiety, but it can easily be abused . 
In combination with alcohol, Xanax (and other benzos) can cause users to experience complete 'blackouts' for extended periods of time. 
It's incredibly addicting and very easy to overdose on. Image Credit: Flickr CC/ Dean812 
Even with these very dangerous side effects, Xanax remains one of the most prescribed and best-selling drugs in the United States. 
It is very easily accessible to children, teens, and adults. 
While the coroner hasn't officially announced what killed Oswalt's wife, he is still working towards living a normal life with his daughter. 
He has returned to the stage to continue his first love, stand-up comedy. It has given him a break from the never-ending grief that comes with the territory of losing such a close loved one. Image Credit: Bryan Bedder/Getty Images for The New Yorker 
The 47-year-old told The New York Times that going onstage has been: 
'...a rebuke to grief, an acceptance of the messiness of life. I'll never be at 100 percent again, but that won't stop me from living this.' 
For now, Oswalt will continue to grow and live with his daughter. With help from a journalist and a researcher, he's determined to solve the 'Golden State Murders' on behalf of his late wife's hard work. 
ARTICLE


Minutes before singer Sevyn Streeter was supposed to perform the national anthem at the Philadelphia 76ers game Wednesday night, she was told by the organization there was a change of plans. 
Streeter took to social media to express her frustration behind the 76ers' decision to cancel her performance, which was prompted by the statement on her clothing: 
'I'm at the 76ers game singing the National Anthem and the organization is telling me I can't because I'm wearing a 'We Matter' jersey.' Was suppose to sing the anthem at @sixers & @okcthunder game but mins b4 @sixers said I couldn't because I was wearing a "We Matter" jersey pic.twitter.com/wjoJN3rq0r — Sevyn (@sevyn) October 27, 2016 
In an interview with the Associated Press , Streeter said she was never told there was a certain wardrobe to adhere to: 
'I'd say two minutes before we were about to walk out...the organization told me that I could not wear my shirt while singing the national anthem at their game. I was never given any kind of dress code. I was never asked beforehand to show my wardrobe.' 
The 76ers issued the following statement , essentially saying that they understand the fact Streeter can wear her 'Black Lives Matter'-related jersey, just not in their house: 
'The Philadelphia 76ers organization encourages meaningful actions to drive social change. We use our games to bring people together, to build trust and to strengthen our communities. As we move from symbolic gestures to action, we will continue to leverage our platform to positively impact our community.' 
Americans were quick to voice their support for the 76ers' decision: @KyleNeubeck @sevyn - People were there to watch the game, not you and your "protest". Just sing the song and walk off the court. — Vince Rosetta (@VinceRosetta) October 27, 2016 @sevyn @Sixers @okcthunder They made the right decision. Fans aren't interested in your invented crisis. — Phillip McGuire (@PhillipCMcGuire) October 27, 2016 @marclamonthill @sevyn Seriously what? A professional organization doesn't want to risk the person singing anthem turning it into a fiasco? 
But others felt the 76ers violated her First Amendment rights by not allowing her to perform: I don't understand what's happening to the First Amendment. @allanjohnson14 @sevyn @Sixers @okcthunder — Nancy Sinatra (@NancySinatra) October 27, 2016 @MTTHWBRK @sevyn @Sixers @okcthunder So she can't wear what she wants? That's a right we have in this country isn't it or is that against the law ???? — Honestly, Truly (@_RavenCamille) October 27, 2016 
And demanded answers: so... @Sixers wont let @sevyn perform the national anthem because she has a "We Matter" shirt on? ???? answers are needed ???? — Nellium (@_cornbread_) October 27, 2016 
76ers dancer Jemila Worley ended up singing the national anthem instead and, apparently, did an outstanding job. 76ers guard Gerald Henderson told ESPN he was a bit confused when he first saw her step on the court, but Worley 'killed it.' 
Henderson added his two cents about the singer switch up, too: 
'There's a lot going on man. People care about these things that are happening, as well as they should. And they are going to express themselves in different ways...People are trying to make statements, I guess.' 
The National Basketball Association (NBA) has not commented on the matter. 
ARTICLE


36-year-old Chrissy Metz has finally gotten her breakout role as Kate Pearson, a woman who's struggling with her weight, on the new hit show 'This Is Us.' 
The show revolves around the lives of several couples whose lives intertwine in unexpected ways. Like her character, Metz has also struggled with her size ever since she was a little girl. 
In an interview with People Magazine this week, Metz revealed that she has felt the exact same pains that 8-year-old Kate experienced in the flashbacks sequences shown on TV. 
For Metz, even as a child her weight 'was always something I was cognizant of. I've had pictures of when I was 3 and 4 years old, and I've always been chubby.' 
Then she discovered that her weight was something she was supposed to be ashamed of. Image Credit: David Livingston/Getty Images 
In fact, she was enrolled in Weight Watchers at just 11 years old: 
'I remember being at Weight Watchers at, like, 11 years old and my mom just trying to figure it out for me. 
It's one of those things where it's heartbreaking because, as a parent, you want your child to have the best life possible and you want them to be protected and in this little bubble where everybody finds them to be beautiful and perfect and their lives to be amazing. 
But that's not always the case.' 
When she was young she would starve herself, but then as soon as she had the opportunity she would binge on unhealthy food. 
The resulting weight gain perplexed her parents, because she hid her binges from them: 
'I would not eat, and then, of course, I would get so hungry I would binge...and it was difficult because my parents were like, 'I don't understand, if you're not really eating, why are you gaining weight?' I would be at one of my good friend's house and her mom would literally make us a tray of brownies and split it down the middle, and we would go to town.' Image Credit: David Livingston/Getty Images 
At 30, Metz realized that she doesn't have to stress and worry about what others think about her body. She called that a life-changing moment: 
'I had this epiphany that my life is my own and my choices are my own.' 
Prior to 'This Is Us,' Metz appeared in only a few things , and certainly not as a lead actress. 
She played Ima 'Barbara' Wiggles on 'American Horror Story: Freak Show,' described as the 'fattest woman of all time' by the show. 
Even then, she had to wear a fat suit on set: 
Her newfound fame and honest portrayal of a woman struggling with her weight has not gone to her head, though. She's staying grounded and grateful: 
'I just feel really grateful that I can pursue my dreams and also reach people in ways that I never expected.' 
Metz told Refinery 29 last month that women have already reached out to her and praised her touching portrayal of Kate. 
In reality, 67% of American women are a size 14 or higher, but these women only make up about 2% of the images portrayed in the media, according to Refinery 29 . 
Research has also shown that dieting is more likely to cause obesity than solve it, according to the New York Times : 
"After about five years, 41 percent of dieters gain back more weight than they lost. Long-term studies show dieters are more likely than non-dieters to become obese over the next one to 15 years. 
That's true in men and women, across ethnic groups, from childhood through middle age. The effect is strongest in those who started in the normal weight range, a group that includes almost half of the female dieters in the United States." 
While she's not the first, Metz's performance has the potential to open more doors for plus-sized actresses who are trying to find their place in Hollywood. Other actresses such as Rebel Wilson, Queen Latifah, and Melissa McCarthy have also helped pave the way. 
ARTICLE


In the 2012 election cycle, the media criticized presidential nominee Mitt Romney for taking his Irish Setter on vacation—in an enclosure on top of his station wagon 25 years before. Now — for some at least — it's all about Mike Pence's dog. 
Pence sent out this tweet about his 13-year-old beagle Maverick on Wednesday: Heavy hearts today. Our beagle of 13 years passed away quietly last night. Rest In Peace, Maverick. We will miss you. pic.twitter.com/JPnFvsHB3Y — Mike Pence (@mike_pence) October 26, 2016 
The tweet said: 
'Heavy hearts today. Our beagle of 13 years passed away quietly last night. Rest In Peace, Maverick. We will miss you.' 
For many people, dogs are part of the family. And it sure seemed that way for the Pence family. 
Despite the pain of losing his dog, there were some who openly mocked the vice-presidential candidate and governor of Indiana for his loss. 
Twitchy noted that the publication Jezebel called the death of Maverick Pence's 'October surprise': Image Credit: Screenshot/Jezebel 
The Jezebel reporter's snarky post read, in part: 
"Tragedy has befallen the Trump-Pence campaign, which was already struggling, and it comes in the form of that tiny, pup-sized grim reaper who comes for all doggies eventually. 
The Slot sends our thoughts and prayers to Maverick and family during this sad time." 
Dog lovers of every political stripe collectively bared their teeth: Disgusting coward @_grendan dances on the grave of Mike Pence's dog, Maverick. #JusticeForMaverick @Jezebel pic.twitter.com/rbqUrBpyDn 
ARTICLE

Getty - Justin Sullivan The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
If Hillary Clinton wins the election in November, she's going to have a whole lot more to deal with than just typical Commander-in-Chief stuff. 
With the massive Wikileaks dump and the controversial contributions her foundation has benefited from, House Republicans are seriously considering an investigation. 
In fact, she could quickly find herself in the same boat as her husband, with elected officials calling for her impeachment. 
Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton told NBC News : 
"You're going to still have a clamor for a serious criminal investigation of Mrs. Clinton's conduct with respect to her emails and the [Clinton] Foundation]. There's been no systematic investigation of various issues. 
I know this generation of Republican leaders is loath to exercise these tools, but impeachment is something that's relevant. 
They see [the oversight process] as an opportunity in some measure to keep their opponents off-kilter, but they don't want to do the substantive and principled work to truly hold corrupt politicians, or the administration, or anyone accountable." 
Since the FBI recommended no indictment for Hillary Clinton, the call to reopen the case into her email server has been shut down by the Bureau. 
On the other hand, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump isn't satisfied with the outcome. He even wants to go as far to investigate the FBI's investigation if he takes the White House. 
Meanwhile, Judicial Watch has launched an investigation into Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe , whose political organization donated about $500,000 to the campaign coffers of Dr. Jill McCabe, the wife of an FBI figurehead who helped provide oversight over the investigation into Clinton's private server. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Chip Somodevilla The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
Hillary Clinton advisers Cheryl Mills and Robbie Mook provide one of the most revealing looks inside the campaign yet, courtesy of a WikiLeaks hacked email. 
In the email , Robbie Mooks argues that Hillary Clinton would be making a mistake to run on her gender as an argument for her suitability to be president: 
"In fact, I think running on her gender would be the SAME mistake as 2008, ie having a message at odds with what voters ultimately want. She ran on experience when voters wanted change...and sure there was plenty of data in marks polls with voters saying her experience appealed to them. But that was missing the larger point—voters wanted change. 
Same deal here—lots of people are going to say it would be neat for a woman to be president but that doesn't mean that's actually WHY they will vote for her. That's likely to be how she will handle the economy and relate to the middle class. 
It's also risky because injecting gender makes her candidacy about HER and not the voters and making their lives better. 
That said I would not be surprised if this is a powerful message for donor and activist engagement (vs persuadable voters)." Image Credit: Michael Buckner/Getty Images 
Then, Mills responds: 
Interesting how hard this narrative is being pushed. 
A friend shared this article with you from The Washington Post: 
Embrace being a woman running for president.. 
http://wapo.st/1dbwtNo 
The link is to a Chris Cillizza article on 'How Hillary Clinton can correct the biggest mistake she made in 2008.' 
But one of the most fascinating tidbits is Mooks' suggestive off-hand reference to getting a 'third party spoiler': 
"Just need a third party spoiler and we'll be all set! 
I think the chatterers will dissect and criticize whatever she chooses to do but it's going to be so important that the research drive it. I often felt in 08 that the research was being used to back up a premise instead of genuinely find the right target." 
To which Mills replied cryptically: 
'WJC redux of 1992' 
WJC is a common acronym for former President William Jefferson Clinton. The reference is to the three-man race in 1992 between George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton and Ross Perot. Contrary to what is widely believed, there is fairly convincing evidence that Perot did not 'cost' Bush the 1992 election. 
Trump supporters have mused if presidential candidates Gary Johnson and independent Evan McMullin are in the 2016 race for the sole purpose of sabotaging the Republican presidential nominee. Image Credit: George Frey/Getty Images 
Johnson, who is running at about six percent in the polls, is running on the Libertarian Party ticket. For historical context, the Libertarians have sent up a presidential candidate every year for the last 44 years . Libertarians have plenty to disagree about regarding Trump's plan for the United States, whether it be on national security, immigration or trade. 
That leads us to Evan McMullin, a man whose name recently caught fire on Twitter due to the so-called ' Mormon mafia ' started by Mitt Romney. Lou Dobbs, an ardent Trump advocate, coined the phrase while labeling McMullin... — Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) October 23, 2016 
McMullin was indeed a Mormon missionary, but reports of him belonging to a 'mafia' remain unconfirmed. The candidate was a CIA operative and an investment banker at Goldman Sachs, which has fueled speculation and conspiracy theories about his run. 
Interestingly, the candidate is currently surging in Utah and his support may be underestimated . If McMullin could pull off a victory, it would launch an improbable scenario that could see the election thrown to the House of Representatives and an all-out scramble to nominate a president and vice president of the Congress's choosing. 
This potential monkey wrench in Trump's plans has fueled outrage and concern among supporters: Team Hillary is all set: Ex-CIA Evan McMullin is the expert covert spoiler. Drink up, #Utah , the Kool-Aid tastes fine! | #RedNationRising pic.twitter.com/nMVR1fqehz — RNR Ohio (@RNROhio) October 27, 2016 Evan McMullin is a tool of the entrenched corrupt DC politicians, this is a spoiler campaign, nothing sincere about it. #ldschurch #mormon 
ARTICLE

Getty - Saul Loeb/AFP The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
Sean Hannity took to the radio on Wednesday and was upfront about how he really feels about conservatives who refuse to vote for Trump. 
He kicked off his explosive rant by telling his listeners that he's 'pissed,' and said: 
"In 13 freaking days, we are either going to make a decision to keep screwing the country up or we are going to try and fix it. That's what's at stake here. 
You want to get 95 million Americans back to work, you want to get the economy going, you want a president that has the courage to say 'radical Islam.' 
You want to not bring in refugees from countries that have laws that are the antithesis of our constitutional values. 
You want to control the borders, you want become energy independent, you want to eliminate Obamacare, you want to fix are dilapidated piece of crap educational system, this is your chance." 
Then, he went nuclear on the 'Never Trump' movement. 
You can listen to Hannity's full rant, below : 
ARTICLE


A new study shows that after the Obama administration's Department of Justice (DOJ) collected billions in settlement money from U.S. banks after the mortgage collapse of 2008, it directed millions upon millions of dollars to several non-government organizations. 
Peter Schweitzer, author of the book 'Clinton Cash' and founder of the Government Accountability Institute , told Fox News's Megyn Kelly that tens of millions of dollars from the record-breaking settlements in the bank deals were sent to these ' charitable' groups , some of whose jobs would be to get out the vote for... Democrats: 
'The banks are obviously eager to settle [and not go to trial]. [P]art of that settlement... will go to the victims of the crime you committed, but some of the money will go to pay restitution in the form of giving that money to non-profit organizations. These are non-profit organizations that are overwhelmingly progressive and serve as an adjunct to the Democratic party.' 
One group he mentioned on ' The Kelly File ' was fairly benign-sounding: 
'One organization that has received millions of dollars is in New York called the Asian Americans for Equality. Sounds like a great idea, right? The problem is, when you look into this organization which got money from banks via the Department of Justice, this is an organization affiliated with the Communist Workers Party. I didn't even know the Communist Workers Party was around anymore and, in fact, the organization that received this money is sympathetic to the North Korean regime.' 
Indeed, the New York Times reports that many of the founders of Asian Americans for Equality (AAE) were active members of the Communist Workers Party, though AAE has since distanced itself from any modern-day ties. 
In August, Andy Koenig of the Freedom Partners Chamber of Commerce wrote in The Wall Street Journal about the giveaways by the DOJ to friendly groups, or as he put it, 'a handout to the administration's allies' [emphasis added]: 
"Some groups on the list—Catholic Charities, for instance—are relatively nonpolitical. Others—La Raza, the National Urban League, the National Community Reinvestment Coalition and more—are anything but. 
Many of these groups engage in voter registration , community organizing and lobbying on liberal policy priorities at every level of government. They also provide grants to other liberal groups not eligible for payouts under the settlements. Thanks to the Obama administration, and the fungibility of money, the settlements' beneficiaries can now devote hundreds of thousands or even millions of dollars to these activities." 
Judicial Watch began an investigation in 2012, and here's what it said about how the Obama administration ladled out the vast amounts of money: 
'The Department of Justice (DOJ) will determine which 'qualified organizations' get leftover settlement cash and Democrat-tied groups like the scandal-plagued Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN) and the open-borders National Council of La Raza (NCLR) stand to get large sums based on the hastily arranged deal which got court approval in just a few days.' 
The disgraced ACORN , the group that used protests to pressure banks into giving mortgages to people who couldn't qualify , was among those receiving Obama justice department funds. The group is now known under its new name, Mutual Housing Association of New York. 
The DOJ also gave funds to the National Community Reinvestment Coalition, which carries the very name of the legislation signed into law by Bill Clinton — The Community Reinvestment Act — believed by many to be responsible for the implosion of the mortgage-lending industry. 
Some additional groups receiving the bank settlement money included: 
Minneapolis High Rise Representative Council [ACORN affiliate] 
La Raza 
ARTICLE


After less than two seasons on 'The View,' co-host Raven-Symoné has officially announced she is leaving the daytime talk show: A photo posted by Raven-Symoné (@ravensymone) on Oct 19, 2016 at 12:30pm PDT 
This may not come as a major surprise to viewers, since rumors of her departure have been swirling since last year—not to mention the fact that she only appeared on the show around once a week this past season. 
However, what the star has planned next might be more of a shock. 
According to reports, Symoné is leaving the show so that she can focus all her efforts on her next project: a spinoff of her childhood show, 'That's So Raven.' 
For those unfamiliar with the show, it was about a high school girl who was able to see into the future: A video posted by Raven-Symoné (@ravensymone) on Sep 30, 2016 at 1:22pm PDT 
During an interview, the actress said of her departure: 
'I'm excited and sad, but mostly excited. I have an announcement to make: No, I'm not pregnant.' 
Symoné then broke the news about her Disney Channel follow-up series: 
"There's no title yet, but I'm calling it That's So Raven 2. It's Raven Baxter. It's still me. 
But I am a mother this time. I'm going to be a single mother raising two kids, and one of them learns that she has visions." A photo posted by Raven-Symoné (@ravensymone) on May 27, 2016 at 12:35pm PDT 
The host stated that her last day on 'The View' will be this December. But an official date has yet to be determined. 
As for her departure from 'The View,' she said: 
'I've had such a great time...I've learned so much, and I've been saying, my experience has been multidimensional.' A photo posted by Raven-Symoné (@ravensymone) on Jul 6, 2016 at 1:01pm PDT 
The 30-year-old will reportedly be moving from NYC to L.A. so that she can start filming the show. 
For those who have never seen the show, here is the opening of the original, which first aired in 2003: 
That's so Raven. 
ARTICLE


What the White House is Talking About: 
Michelle Obama joins Hillary Clinton this afternoon in North Carolina for their first pairing on the campaign trail. 
Of note: A quick search of Getty reveals there hasn't been a photo of the two women together since May 2014, when both accompanied their husbands on a brief tour of the National 9/11 Memorial in New York City. 
What the White House Press Corps is Talking About: 
With a November 1st open-enrollment date looming, and a week of bad PR, Obama today has a conference call with Affordable Care Act 'advocates and stakeholders,' according to the White House. 
Obama Going Full-Frontal: 
Fresh off his comedic spin on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live,' and other recent late-night appearances on Colbert and Fallon, Samantha Bee, host of 'Full Frontal,' gets her turn with the president. The show announced Obama will be Bee's guest Monday night. 
Office Space: 
Even though the offices of powerful Washington types look pretty much as you would expect in this New York Times feature out today, it's sort of refreshing to see Valerie Jarrett also keeps a pile of shoes on hand, like me and most working women I know in this town. 
Image Credit: Gabriella Demczuk for The New York Times 
The story includes the offices of several Cabinet members—Sally Jewel's looks cool—and Obama Chief of Staff Denis McDonough. Also, just sayin . 
12 Days to Go, Eat Your Feelings: Part II: 
On November 1st you can literally taste the sweet victory of having survived this election cycle with a doughnut from Astro , inspired by the flavors of either candidate. Hillary's is a Spicy Hot Chocolate doughnut with a Chipotle glaze, because she eats hot peppers or whatever, for $2.85. And Trump's is a Vanilla Cherry Coke doughnut, a pillow doughnut filled with cherry compote (gag? a little?), for $3.10. 
Image Credit: Rachel Lyn Photography 
Our Daily Melania: 
This was Melania Trump's face when Donald Trump told George Stephanopoulos on 'Good Morning America' this morning that she would be making more speeches on the campaign trail: 
Image Credit: Screenshot/ABC News 
Apparently, news to her. 
The couple were spotted having lunch à deux at BLT Prime inside the new hotel, prepared for them by chef David Burke. Then they went upstairs to a suite for the GMA interview. 
On the fashion front, she and Ivanka Trump both wore Roland Mouret dresses to the Trump International Hotel ribbon cutting; hers was this icy blue for $2,215 , and Ivanka's a white with bell-sleeve cuff for $2,570 . 
What The Beltway is Talking About: 
Bill Clinton Inc. New leaked emails show how money was raised for the Foundation and how Chelsea Clinton expressed concerns over the process. 
What America is Talking About: 
Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, which was vandalized with a sledgehammer yesterday. 
Here it is being repaired: 
Image Credit: Kevork Djansezian / Getty Images 
Trump's Plan B: 
Bloomberg Businessweek's cover story, ' Inside The Trump Bunker With 12 Days To Go, ' goes inside the campaign's data operation (their email list is worth up to $112 million and they have a three-pronged voter suppression plan targeting idealistic white liberals, young women, and African Americans) as well as their post-election possibilities ('Win or lose, Trump's future may well lie in capitalizing on the intense, if limited, political support he has cultivated over the past year.') 
Romney Doesn't Endorse: 
The 2012 Republican nominee tweeted yesterday for voters to vote for Republican down-ballot candidates, but made no mention of the presidential race (sorry, Evan McMullin): 
Twitter: @ MittRomney 
Romney also spoke in D.C. yesterday at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce headquarters and said he watched the presidential debates but neither candidate offered solutions to problems like the national debt and entitlements. 
Meanwhile, in an Alternative Universe...: 
Pollster Frank Luntz said if Hillary Clinton was facing a different Repub , the race would be much different. Her vs. Ted Cruz would be tied, vs. Marco Rubio she'd be down eight points, and vs. John Kasich she'd be down 12 points. 
Spooky: 
This Tenleytown anti-Trump Halloween display was sent in by Sharon Gang. 'Buried in a Landslide' and 'Hear Lies ... and Lies ... and Lies ... and Lies Donald Trump.' 
Image credit: Sharon Gang 
Throwback Thursday: That Time Ivanka Posted a Fireplace on Instagram While Her Father's Campaign Burned: 
I'm endlessly fascinated by Ivanka Trump's Instagram account, a calming feed of inspirational quotes and family photos amidst the hurricane of the campaign. It's often bizarre to see what she posts while her father's campaign is facing a major controversy, so I went back through her account to see what she posted during major moments. You can read my full story here , but below are my three favs: 
December 7, 2015: 
Donald Trump calls for a 'total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.' 
Ivanka posts five black-and-white photos to promote her Ivanka Trump Jewelry campaign. 
ARTICLE


Sonia Morales didn't hesitate for a moment when she was told that her unborn daughter would be born with a severe birth defect. While doctors suggested she terminate the pregnancy, Sonia knew she had been given a gift. 
And when online strangers make hateful comments about her daughter now, Sonia has the perfect response. Loading Facebook Post... 
As WJLA News reports, Sonia was 16 weeks pregnant when she learned that her child had anencephaly. Her daughter would be born without a portion of her brain, skull, and scalp. 
Doctors predicted that the baby would survive a few hours or days, but Sonia refused to consider abortion. She tells WJLA: 
'God made no mistake giving Angela to Rony, Elizabeth, and I. He chose us for this sacred task and we said yes to his calling. We made the commitment even before her birth. We will take care of her the rest of her life here on earth.' 
Sonia and her family welcomed baby Angela on March 23, 2014. Sonia began working to raise awareness about anencephaly, creating a Facebook page about her daughter and her 'miraculous journey.' Loading Facebook Post... 
With the internet being what it is, however, it was only a matter of time before the horrible remarks came trickling in. 
Quite a few commenters wrote about how they thought Angela was less than human. Some even suggested that Sonia would be doing her daughter a favor if she ended Angela's life. 
Sonia says that the hateful messages bring tears to her eyes, but that she tries to move past them. However, one comment in particular drove her to respond. She recounts on Facebook what one poster wrote: 
'Angela looks less attractive now that she is growing and gaining weight.' 
Sonia decided to reply for the daughter who could not. After pointing out that beauty lies within, she writes: 
'I know that Angela looks different from my typical child, but she is beautiful just the way she is. ... She is full of grace and has great peace despite the struggles. She is a radiant light in the darkness in this materialistic and shallow culture that defines beauty in the pleasure of interests. She is a true picture of strength; she is a precious little girl with a beautiful soul. So this statement does not define whom Angela IS, it defines who YOU really are!' 
In response to those who hold her daughter's life cheap, Sonia only says that they can't know what it's like to enjoy her daughter's smiles and laughter. She tells WJLA: 
"Even if her life does not please some people, we can't play God and assume the right to dictate who should live and die. If you get to spend five minutes with her, you will see that she is perfect the way she is.' 
Now two years old, Angela has defied expectations, and her family says that they are blessed to have her with them for as long as they can. Loading Facebook Post... 
After seeing how her daughter has been an inspiration to so many, Sonia knows exactly how meaningless the harsh words from strangers are. She tells NBC10 News : 
'It is so amazing to see how many lives Angela has touched around the world. She hasn't said a word, but her testimony of life and love has reached more than 50 countries. God chose Angela before she was even born. She might never walk or talk or go to school or run a marathon, but she has done more than I have ever done in my entire life.' 
And despite the negative comments, Sonia knows that she gets to spend her days with a miracle. 
ARTICLE


While many campaign ads feature candidates and their surrogates slinging the proverbial mud at their opponents, Travis County (Austin, TX) Commissioner Gerald Daugherty tried something a little different: he had his friends, his neighbors, and even his wife sling a little (good-natured) mud at him. 
The resulting ad was so touching and relatable that Americans of all political stripes are calling it 'the best political ad of the entire election': my favorite political ad of the year, for a Texas county commish @teamdaugherty https://t.co/tBVtTde4sF — Jon Ward (@jonward11) October 24, 2016 Fun ad: "Please re-elect Gerald" to the county commission so he'll stop annoying his family with policy nerdery. https://t.co/5LiiBpfg6X — Josh Barro (@jbarro) October 27, 2016 
'Re-Elect Gerald...Please' even got the attention of Hollywood: "Please re-elect Gerald." Best political Ad of the election. https://t.co/BAuGdWLrTx — Jenna Fischer (@jennafischer) October 26, 2016 Okay. This is the funniest campaign ad ever!!! Please Re-Elect Gerald https://t.co/50P8nWmPXk via @YouTube — James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) October 23, 2016 
Even liberal bastion The Daily Kos is suggesting that their readers 'put party politics aside' and watch the hilarious ad. 
Daugherty, who was a one-time prospect for the Boston Red Sox, has channeled his energy into a platform of 'good roads and fiscal responsibility'...and, apparently, savvy advertising. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Timothy A. Clary 
British actress Emma Watson is best known for her role as Hermione Granger in the 'Harry Potter' movies, but in 2016, her career took a shift in a very different direction. 
Watson, who is a self-described feminist and activist, announced earlier this year she was taking the year off to study, while simultaneously working as a UN Ambassador in the gender-equality-focused 'HeForShe' campaign. 
But the 26-year-old recently weighed in on American affairs on Facebook , explaining how the presidential election will affect the entire world : 
'At times, politics may seem disillusioning, filled with rhetoric and smokescreens. However, regardless of our personal beliefs, it can't be denied that the result of the upcoming US presidential election will have ripple effects around the world and impact, in one way or another, the lives of millions and millions of people.' 
Watson continued by explaining how the United States is like her 'second home,' having close friends that live in the U.S. She added that now, more than ever, she wishes she could vote: 
"We know one of the most reliable indicators of peace and prosperity, nationally and globally, is not a country's level of wealth, democracy, or ethno-religious identity; but how well its women and girls are treated (Sex and World Peace by Valerie Hudson). The next president will be able to make decisions about women, about their bodies, about how they are treated at work, on university campuses and at school, about how men treat women and about their rights as citizens . These decisions affect how young people form their ideas of gender. 
These decisions will affect whether we believe equality is an idea that matters." Loading Facebook Post... 
She even defended the American men she knows well, saying they treat women the way they deserve to be treated, but stressed the issue shouldn't be 'overlooked or brushed aside': 
"In the last US election, 70 million women cast ballots versus 60 million men. Women, your vote could swing this election. Please go out and vote on the 8th of November. Read up on both sides of your state propositions (if you have any). 
You have real power to decide the future of generations to come." 
Watson's letter undoubtedly had good intentions and amassed 144,000 'likes' on Facebook, but some Americans felt her message was incomplete. 
Carisa Schram, an American woman, argued about those voting for Hillary Clinton in the name of 'gender equality': 
'Just because she is a the female candidate doesn't mean she is the right female candidate. Her track record or the attempted erased record is appallingly despicable. The way she has treated women is absolutely deplorable. I could never vote for this woman and be able to sleep peacefully at night.' 
John Silk, also an American citizen, piled on the reasons why he wouldn't be voting for the female candidate: 
'So you think the woman running for office is a shining example of what the first woman American president should be? A person who cheated in order to win the nomination. A person who committed crimes others have been jailed for. A person running a proven corrupt organization? As a citizen of the US this is not who I want as the first female prez. You maybe but not Hillary. No woman should back her up if they truly support women's rights. Voting for her because she is a woman and ignoring her short comings is a travesty to our country.' 
Mason Frost commented : 
"I have to disagree with much of this post. 
For one, how well women and girls are treated is promoted over democracy. I agree with equality, but it shouldn't have any sort of cost to the democratic process. 
Also, there are many more issues than gender equality. That would not be the single basis of my vote. There are so many more factors: economy, immigration, national security, foreign relations, SCOTUS, protections of rights guaranteed by the Constitution, taxes, etc. 
If you ever cast a vote based on a single issue, you aren't properly carrying out your duty as an American." 
Though Watson didn't mention either presidential candidate's name in her post, it was pretty clear to most that she's rooting for Clinton. 
According to Glamour UK , the actress spoke last month at the Museum of Modern Art in Manhattan to promote the UN's HeForShe initiative. Watson celebrated the possibility of a first female president: 
'I don't know if I would have believed you if you had told me two years ago before I made my HeforShe speech that we might have the first female president of the United States.' Emma Watson talks 'excruciating' election: 'I wish I could cast a vote' // Easy enough, just walk across the border https://t.co/6P5e2ibzfR — James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) October 26, 2016 
A recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll shows Clinton with a 20-point lead over Trump among female voters. 
ARTICLE


The seeming perfection we see in online photos can be disheartening when compared to the flaws we see in our own appearance. 
One popular blogger recently shared an honest selfie in an attempt to make a statement about happiness and beauty. A photo posted by BECK LOMAS (@becklomas) on Oct 26, 2016 at 3:42am PDT 
As Today reports, the Instagram feed for Beck Lomas, an Australian fitness and beauty blogger, usually contains the kinds of images that provoke envy: A photo posted by BECK LOMAS (@becklomas) on Sep 16, 2016 at 3:28pm PDT 
So when Lomas shared a decidedly unglamorous photo of herself without makeup, it stood out to her many fans: A photo posted by BECK LOMAS (@becklomas) on Sep 26, 2016 at 5:39am PDT 
Lomas writes that despite appearances, even she struggles with acne and skin problems that leave her feeling insecure: 
'THIS is my current situation. A pimply, bleeding, sore face. It doesn't look THAT bad, but it feels pre y bad. My skin will always be a journey in itself, I don't think I will ever be one of those girls who feels completely okay without makeup, but that's fine. Even when my skin is at its best, which does happen sometimes, when I don't have any big angry pimples and everything looks quite smooth, I'm still a little self conscious.' 
In a separate Instagram post , Lomas reveals just how much her bad skin used to affect her. A photo posted by BECK LOMAS (@becklomas) on Oct 17, 2016 at 6:39pm PDT 
At times, she was afraid to go out because she knew that makeup couldn't hide it completely: 
'I would feel self conscious and ugly around my boyfriend, my family, my friends, everyone. Some nights I would take my makeup off before the gym and look in the mirror and just bawl my eyes out, and I wouldn't even end up working out because I was so worried about how I looked.' 
Lomas goes on to explain that while she lacks confidence in her skin, she doesn't lack confidence in herself. Learning the difference, she says, was the key to feeling better about her flaws: 
'I've come a long way from the girl who used to cry every single night about the way her skin looked. These days my skin is just a minor downer for me sometimes. This post is just to show you all that you should be confident despite your little flaws.' 
By sharing her flaws with her fans, Lomas hopes that she can inspire them to be more forgiving of themselves. A photo posted by BECK LOMAS (@becklomas) on Sep 14, 2016 at 4:23pm PDT 
She also wants to make a point about beauty. Beauty, she says, isn't bound up in your skin or your physical flaws, but in your outlook: 
'Happy people are the most beautiful people, and I know it's hard to feel happy when you're focusing on your imperfections— but I just want to let you all know that you are beautiful EVEN if you have acne, or bacne, or cellulite, or your thighs touch or you've got stretch marks. You are beautiful and unique and amazing as you are, and being confident and happy and that will shine through and make you even more beautiful!' 
Lomas concludes the post by urging her followers not to let their imperfections destroy their confidence in who they are. A photo posted by BECK LOMAS (@becklomas) on Aug 18, 2016 at 7:42pm PDT 
Her honesty was appreciated by those who saw the photo, many of whom thanked her or spoke about how much they could relate to Lomas' struggle with her flaws. One commenter writes: 
'You're a beautiful girl inside and out. I'm sure you know this but I just wanted to tell you to be certain. Thanks for your authenticity. In a world full of fake, it's very refreshing.' 
Beck Lomas wants to remind her fans of an important lesson: 
'To anyone else who is struggling with skin issues— you aren't alone and things will get better, so just hang in there!' 
ARTICLE


Chris Hansen has made a career of entrapping alleged child predators online and then busting them on camera when they arrive at a home where they think a young child is waiting. 
But in the latest episode of Hanson's show ' Crime Watch Daily ,' the host claims he got an unexpected shock when he learned the identity of the latest alleged predator. 
'I honestly did not realize it until I walked out. And then I suddenly recognized him because we used to commute into the city every day together from Connecticut,' Hansen told The Daily Mail . 
The man is accused of traveling to a home where he believed he would be meeting a 13-year-old boy. When the alleged predator saw Hansen, he blurted out, 'Oh s**t. No, Chris!' Image Credit: 'Crime Watch Daily'/Daily Mail 
'What are you doing here?' Hansen asked. 
The man then made a run for it. He was later allegedly found with gay porn and condoms in his car. When he was questioned by police, he claimed he thought the boy was 18, not 13, citing his bad eye sight. He argued he would never meet a 13-year-old boy, calling it 'disgusting.' Image Credit: 'Crime Watch Daily'/Daily Mail 
'I could not believe it,' Hansen told The Daily Mail , grappling with the fact that she shared a train and even carried on conversations with the alleged predator. 
The man later confirmed Hansen's story and suggested they were 'friends.' 
The new episode of ' Crime Watch Daily ' will air on Friday.
ARTICLE


Ten months ago, Ammon and Ryan Bundy caused a stir when they, along with a number of their supporters, seized control of a federally owned wildlife sanctuary. For six weeks, they occupied the land, demanding that the government surrender the nearly 200,000 acre preserve to the locals. 
After the weeks-long standoff ended peacefully, federal weapons and conspiracy charges were filed against both Bundys and 5 additional members of their group. 
Their trial , which lasted nearly as long as their attempted insurrection, ended Thursday with all parties (Ryan Bundy, Ammon Bundy, Brian Cavalier, Peter Santilli, Shawna Cox, Ryan Payne, and Joseph O'Shaughnessy) being acquitted. 
The New York Times reports: 
"The defendants never denied that they had occupied and held the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge headquarters for nearly six weeks, demanding that the federal government surrender the 188,000-acre property to local control. 
But their lawyers argued that prosecutors did not prove that the group had engaged in an illegal conspiracy that kept federal workers — employees of the Fish and Wildlife Service and the Bureau of Land Management — from doing their jobs." 
The Washington Times provided some additional information about the individual charges: 
All seven faced charges of conspiring to impede federal employees, while four were also charged with possession of firearms at a federal facility and two had an additional charge of theft of government property. 
The jury had not yet reported on one undisclosed charge, according to the Associated Press." 
The trial was not without its exciting moments — Judge Anna J. Brown of the U.S. District Court ordered that one juror be dismissed just one day before the verdict was returned. Attorneys for the defendants called for either the juror's removal or a mistrial after he was accused of bias. 
One of the defendants, Brian 'Booda' Cavalier, was sentenced on Tuesday to time served, or nine months, for 'conspiring to impede federal workers through intimidation, threat or force, as well as possession of a firearm at a federal facility.' 
Immediately following the trial, Ammon Bundy was placed under arrest again. 
Bundy's attorney, Marcus Mumford, put up such a fuss that he was tackled by U.S. Marshals in the courtroom: Marcus Mumford was just tackled to the ground by at least 5 us marshals after kept arguing that Ammon Bundy was free to go #oregonstandoff — Maxine Bernstein (@maxoregonian) October 27, 2016 As marshals struggled w Mumford on floor of courtroom, yelling,'Don't resist!' Judge ordered:'Everyone out of courtroom.' #oregonstandoff — Maxine Bernstein (@maxoregonian) October 27, 2016 
But Bundy's arrest stemmed from an earlier standoff also involving a land dispute with the federal government. He is being extradited to Nevada , where he will stand trial for his role in that confrontation as well. 
Video of Bundy's arrest after the trial can be viewed here:
ARTICLE


Tara Wood and her four-year-old daughter, Norah, were picking up her birthday cake at a local grocery story when they passed an older man. 
As her mom describes on Facebook, there was something that drew Norah to this specific gentleman. Her eyes lit up and she began waving: 
'Hi old person! It's my birthday today!' 
'Well hello little lady,' the man replied. 'And how old are you today?' 
Tara admits to WSBTV that the man didn't look like the warmest man in the world — she was almost embarrassed when her daughter first called him over — but when the man realized Norah was talking to him, his face lit up. Loading Facebook Post... 
She says they carried on a small conversation and it was 'super adorable.' Yet, when they said goodbye and went their separate ways, Norah realized she missed out on the opportunity to take a photo with her new friend. 
Tara turned around and tracked down the older gentleman — who they learned was named Mr. Dan — one more time. Loading Facebook Post... 
When they thanked Mr. Dan for taking some time out of his day to talk with them, it brought tears to his eyes: 
'No, thank YOU. This has been the best day I've had in a long time,' Mr. Dan said. 'You've made me so happy, Ms. Norah.' 
According to WSBTV , Mr. Dan had lost his wife in March and he had sunk into a bit of a depression. 
What Tara didn't know is that those few words and that quick photoshoot would blossom into one the most adorable and purist friendships. That friendship would help Mr. Dan find a reason to get a haircut and shave again. Now the adorable and 'magical' duo has lunch dates:
ARTICLE


A plane carrying Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence skidded off the runway and tore up the tarmac at LaGuardia Airport in New York City on Thursday night. 
The Boeing 737 reportedly 'overshot' the runway. There were no reported injuries. 
Pence took to Twitter to ensure the nation that he was unharmed. So thankful everyone on our plane is safe. Grateful for our first responders & the concern & prayers of so many. Back on the trail tomorrow! — Mike Pence (@mike_pence) October 28, 2016 
The videos and photos of the scene were pretty striking. Clearly, the situation could have turned out much worse. This was the Tarmac when we landed on the @mike_pence plane- torn up concrete pic.twitter.com/hEYodMkord — Elizabeth Landers (@ElizLanders) October 28, 2016 Photo shows Mike Pence's plane after it skidded off the runway at NYC's LaGuardia Airport; no injuries reported. https://t.co/1o6QoRkewr pic.twitter.com/xx02LAm9sg — ABC News (@ABC) October 28, 2016 #BREAKING : VP candidate @mike_pence 's campaign plane slides off rainy runway at LGA in NYC; no one injured https://t.co/ApiI0IFS5x pic.twitter.com/LjlgASGNWA
ARTICLE


Sen. Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) ignited a political firestorm Thursday night after he randomly brought up his Democratic rival's heritage after she touted her military experience during a debate. 
Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.), who is of mixed Thai and American descent, cited her military service as well as her family's when making the case against rushing into war. 
'I'm a daughter of the American Revolution. I've bled for this nation. But I still want to be there in the Senate when the drums of war sound,' she said. 'Because people are quick to sound the drums of war and I want to be there to say, 'This is what it costs, this is what you're asking us to do'. Let's make sure the American people understand what we are engaging in.' 
When given a chance to respond, Kirk remarked, 'I had forgotten that your parents came all the way from Thailand to serve George Washington.' Illinois Senator Mark Kirk Made A Racist Remark About His Opponent's Heritage https://t.co/MmS5HnGEG7 pic.twitter.com/Q1bFnqviAG 
— BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) October 28, 2016 
No one, including the debate moderator, quite knew how to react. After a brief awkward silence, the moderator moved the discussion forward. Critics immediately branded the comment as 'racist' and distasteful. 
Duckworth lost both of her legs while serving as a pilot in the Army during the Iraq war. Her father also served in the U.S.army and her family's military service goes all the way back to the Revolutionary War, BuzzFeed reported . US Representative Tammy Duckworth of Illinois arrives to address delegates on the fourth and final day of the Democratic National Convention at Wells Fargo Center on July 28, 2016 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Image Credit: Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images 
Duckworth responded on Twitter with an indisputable message. My mom is an immigrant and my dad and his family have served this nation in uniform since the Revolution #ILSEN pic.twitter.com/ehEBHswFMs — Tammy Duckworth (@TammyforIL) October 28, 2016 
Kirk's campaign later issued a statement addressing the controversy: 
'Senator Kirk has consistently called Rep. Duckworth a war hero and honors her family's service to this country. But that's not what this debate was about. Rep. Duckworth lied about her legal troubles, was unable to defend her failures at the VA and then falsely attacked Senator Kirk over his record on supporting gay rights.' 
But at that point, the damage was already done. 
ARTICLE

One argument Trump supporters and conservatives are making is that there has been a lefward shift at Fox News. 3. TrumpTV @ShaneKPolitics Breitbart & alt-right is laying the groundwork for TrumpTV so naturally they're throwing FoxNews under the bus. 
— ErciTall Vote4HRC (@ercitall) October 28, 2016 
As mentioned in a recent story about Megyn Kelly on The Wildfire, if TrumpTV becomes a reality, a media war will loom over who is the real 'conservative' leader in cable news. Prepping the terrain would mean starting to carve out a hard right audience and yank it away from Fox News. 4. Ailes Departure Fox News 'Imploding' probably has more to do with Roger Ailes leaving than Trump. It was founded as the news arm of the GOP. (Not kidding.) 
— Dave Wollyung (@daveisnotfunny) October 28, 2016 
Since Ailes has stepped down, there are two interim co-presidents at Fox News: Bill Shine and Jack Aberneth. As reported by The Hollywood Reporter, it is believed by some that CNN's Jeff Zucker could be in line to fill Ailes' shoes, due to a merger between AT&T and Time Warner. 5. Murdoch Sons Total agree Fox News Imploding. The network has taken a left turn since the Murdoch sons took the reins. 
— DJ Ellis (@Djell4jc) October 28, 2016 'I think it is fair to say the Fox News Channel is imploding,' Levin said. 'I think it is fair to say the Murdoch… https://t.co/QSrxbRrrpf 
— Jim Brown (@Menorahblog) October 28, 2016 
The would-be successors to the Murdoch empire are believed to be much less conservative than their father Rupert Murdoch. 6. More Like Mainstream Media I'm glad to see Fox News imploding. It's almost as bad as the rest of the mainstream media. Especially Megyn Kelly. Good riddance. 
— Deplorable Carl (@CarlKenner) October 28, 2016 
The news channel's mantra to be 'fair and balanced' is not sitting well with all viewers. 7. Megyn Kelly, Megyn Kelly, Megyn Kelly . @FoxNews , What r the odds. #Outnumbered / #TheFive / #KellyFile , will cover 'Fox News 'Imploding'' story? After all . @megynkelly , IT'S NEWS. pic.twitter.com/YQTnaTaLaj 
— Deplorable osPatriot (@osPatriot) October 28, 2016 TOTALLY AGREE! FOX IS LIKE THE REST OF MSM! Levin: Fox News 'Imploding' https://t.co/1YH4RXGZay MEGYN KELLY IS NOT A JOURNALIST! Remove kelly from fox news coverage election night #Trumptrain Levin: Fox News 'Imploding' https://t.co/o67t8ssK72 via @BreitbartNews
ARTICLE


Marco Rubio is the odds-on favorite to win the Florida Senate race. He is also critical to the GOP's hopes for keeping the Senate red. The Republican who was once the favorite to become the party's presidential nominee is ending his re-election campaign on an inspirational note. In the closing comments of his final debate with Democratic challenger Patrick Murphy, Rubio struck an apologetic tone to young people. 
'I know that this is an ugly campaign, not ours in particular, but in general. I know this has been a difficult year, especially for young people who are voting for the first time,' the Senator said in a sober tone, 'We're going to be OK. We're the greatest country in the history of mankind. And we'll go through this election and we'll turn it around.' Marco Rubio apologizes to young people for the "ugliness" of this election, says "were going to be ok." pic.twitter.com/iLnkr010Vw — Benny (@bennyjohnson) October 27, 2016 
The WikiLeaks email dump has revealed that Rubio was the most feared GOP contender by the Clinton campaign, due in part to his inspirational tone. Five Thirty Eight polling shows the Florida Senate race consistently under control for the first-term Senator who has given a lukewarm endorsement to Donald Trump. 
ARTICLE


An unidentified former Olympic gymnast who competed on the U.S. team from 2006 - 2011 just filed a lawsuit with the Los Angeles Superior Court—and it contains a bombshell accusation. 
She alleges that longtime USA Gymnastics coaches Marta and Bela Karolyi turned a blind eye in allowing Olympic Dr. Larry Nassar to sexually abuse her and other athletes. Image Credit: IOPP/Getty Images 
The 60-page lawsuit, filed Thursday by the unidentified athlete who goes as 'Jane LM Doe' in court papers, states that the alleged abuse occurred at a Karolyi-run facility in Texas, which also served as the training site for the USA Gymnastics team. Dr. Larry Nassar, Michigan State University #MSU & fmr USA Gymnastics doctor fired & accused of sexual assault https://t.co/rMLFx9bLqv pic.twitter.com/5PtnYFaSBY — Michael Harris (@michaelharrisdr) September 21, 2016 
According to reports, the new suit is just one of many filed against Dr. Nassar. 
Dr. Nassar is said to have committed the abuse over several years. He would perform 'intravaginal adjustment,' where he would 'digitally penetrate' the victim's vagina in order to 'adjust her bones.' More abuse claims against former USA Gymnastics doc: Dr. Larry Nassar is accused of sexually abusing at least... https://t.co/cm2t6lA9C6 — Mohamed Bakchich (@Bakchich073) September 25, 2016 
The allegations against Dr. Nassar in the lawsuit claim: 
'These vaginal examinations were well outside any recognized and/or accepted technique and were done for Nassar's own sexual gratification.' 
The suit also states that Dr. Nassar was able to assault the athletes, many of whom were minors, due to his 'unfettered and secluded access' to the girls. 
He even lived and slept in the same quarters as the athletes: 
'Using his position as team physician, Nassar would interact with [the alleged victim] under the guise of providing her care and treatments necessary for her to compete as a world-class, Olympic medal-winning gymnast.' — GNN Team (@GNNgymnastnews) September 22, 2016 
To make matters even worse, the suit states the abuse was able to continue for so long because of the legendary coaches. 
According to the reports, the Karoylis instilled intimidation and fear in the athletes by striking and scratching them as well as depriving them of food and water. 
This suit, in particular, is unique because not only is Dr. Nassar being accused of assault, but so are the legendary coaches: Image Credit: Timothy A. Clary/Getty Images 
The lawsuit states that this 'toxic environment' gave Nassar the opportunity to commit sexual abuse. It also alleges that the Karoylis knew about the sexual abuse but concealed it in order to uphold their reputation and keep their program running. 
This is not the first time Dr. Nassar has been accused of these crimes. 
Over 20 women have come forward with accusations of sexual assault, but no criminal charges have been filed against him. Dr. Larry G. Nassar: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know https://t.co/vIaGiThwbf #News pic.twitter.com/gCjCsZFboM — PoliticallyCorrect (@EEUU_Politic) September 12, 2016 
Just last month, Olympic gymnast Rachael Denhollander of Louisville, Kentucky filed a lawsuit against Dr. Nassar. She claims he sexually abused her in 2000 while she underwent treatment for lower back pain at Michigan State University, where Nassar is a faculty member. 
According to Denhollander, Dr. Nassar assaulted her five times, the first time occurring when she was just 15. 
As for why she never came forward, the gymnast stated she not only feared him but was ashamed: 
"I was ashamed. I was very embarrassed. And I was very confused, trying to reconcile what was happening with the person he was supposed to be. 
He's this famous team doctor. He's trusted by my friends. He's trusted by these other gymnasts. How could he reach this position in the medical profession? How could he reach this kind of prominence and stature if this is who he is?" 
In Denhollander's lawsuit, she claimed that Dr. Nassar inappropriately touched her breast and vagina. She also said he brought up oral sex and even stated he had an erection while meeting with her. 
Since the allegations were brought to light, the USAG released this statement to The IndyStar: 
'As we have made clear when USA Gymnastics first learned of athlete concerns regarding Dr. Nassar, we dismissed him from further involvement and reported those concerns to the FBI. 
Still, the allegations that have been made are troubling. USA Gymnastics is committed to promoting a safe environment for our athletes. Due to the pending litigation and ongoing investigation, however, we are unable to comment further.' 
So far, Dr. Nassar has denied all allegations against him. 
You can check out an interview with Denhollander below: 
ARTICLE

Getty - Saul Loeb The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
With ObamaCare premiums set to soar in some states by more than 50% in 2017, Barack Obama and the Democrats are busting their butts to blame anyone and everything they can for the staggering increases and unpopularity of the so-called 'Affordable' Care Act. 
On Monday, ObamaCare architect Ezekiel Emanuel and CNN blamed Republicans for the price hikes, with Emanuel actually saying they're 'not a big increase.' 
Thursday afternoon, Obama came up with a new scapegoat: the media . THE MEDIA. — Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) October 27, 2016 
Some would argue that the so-called 'mainstream media' has carried Obama's water for eight years. Yet, they're to blame for the ObamaCare trainwreck? Yup. 
Obama told more than 25,000 volunteers on a White House call: 
"We're not going to get that much help from the media. This is going to be a ground game. 
There is a faction of people who are continually trying to root for failure, despite the fact that we keep on insuring people and folks continue to get help." 
That 'faction of people' is a majority of Americans, by the way. Here's what a recent Gallup poll found: 
51% disapprove of the law; 44% approve 
18% say it has helped their families; 29% say it has hurt them 
Long term, most Americans believe it will hurt or not make a difference 
Anyway, Obama told the volunteers that they'll have to help him 'clear the mud off the windshield' to get people to sign up— mud presumably put there by the media. 
Speaking of the media, Townhall's Guy Benson and The Daily Caller's Derek Hunter were a bit 'skeptical' of Obama's charge: The press is sending those premium hike letters, canceling people's plans, and forcing insurers out of the exchanges?? Wow! ???? #whining https://t.co/0b2ffrdX7I — Guy Benson (@guypbenson) October 28, 2016 Yesterday it was Republicans' fault, now it's the media. Total number of media and Republicans who voted for/had any input in Obamacare = 0. https://t.co/rGjeM95bL4 — Derek Hunter (@derekahunter) October 28, 2016 
As were other Twitterers: Oh. I guess the press wrote a dumpster fire law, passed it with trickery in the middle of night, after lying about it. Interesting take. https://t.co/kvVjLaIKZT 
ARTICLE


Earlier this week, someone claiming his name was Jamie Otis vandalized Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood 'Walk of Fame.' 
He pretended to be a construction worker, and attacked the terrazzo and cement star early Wednesday morning with a pickaxe and a sledgehammer. Donald Trump's Walk of Fame star destroyed, police investigate https://t.co/xFfCOdz1iZ pic.twitter.com/qJOsbbjTHp — FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) October 27, 2016 
While police searched for Otis, who is likely to be charged with a felony, the star was surrounded by caution tape. Police have monitored the scene as well. But for one homeless woman, that wasn't enough ... 
The unnamed woman now stands guard at the star, protecting it from further damage and showing her support for Trump through a number of handwritten signs: Very powerful!Homeless Trump Supporter guards Trump's star on Hollywood Blvd... "20 million illegals and Americans sleep on streets" pic.twitter.com/XsDmiMCUNs — America First! (@America_1st_) October 27, 2016 
'20 million illegals and Americans sleep on streets in tents.' Homeless woman guards Trump's Hollywood star, surrounded by iPhone &sack of cheap Forever21 clothes, all foreign-made. — Deplorable KYGrifter (@KyGrifter) October 27, 2016 
"Did Hillary have sex with that woman senator Weiner's wife. 
Can Americans go to Mexico for jobs housing medicine." A homeless person guards Trumps star in Hollywood. Even the homeless love Trump. #AmericaFirst #MAGA pic.twitter.com/s4sJ1rNElO — Deplorable Vet (@KGBVeteran) October 27, 2016 
'You racist mother-f**kers vote Trump.' — Apafarkas Agmánd (@ApafarkasAgmand) October 27, 2016 
'U mother-f**kers know!!! Take care home first. Vote Trump. F**k Mexico.' — Sunflower Girl (@X5MSport15) October 27, 2016 
According to the LAPD, vandal James Otis was arrested on Thursday. ABC News reported that Otis — heir to the Otis Elevator family and grandson of the man who invented Listerine — remains unapologetic for his actions. He gave a brief statement with his attorney present: 
"I'm not at all ashamed of what I've done. What Mr. Trump has done is he's derailed the entire election. I got so upset. I got so frustrated and angry and that's why I did this. 
I admitted my mistakes. And I'm now dealing with my consequences. Unlike Mr. Trump who has never admitted what he's done." 
Otis also claimed that his intent was to auction off the Trump nameplate after he removed it from the sidewalk, giving the proceeds to the women that Trump has allegedly sexually assaulted. However, he was forced to return the nameplate upon his arrest Thursday. 
ARTICLE


Dolly Parton recently sat down with 'Southern Living' to talk about being a Southern woman, of course. 
And in total Parton fashion, she was hilarious— especially her simple and blunt reveal of the pre-show 'ritual' she does before performing... 
ARTICLE


One argument Trump supporters and conservatives are making is that there has been a lefward shift at Fox News. 3. TrumpTV @ShaneKPolitics Breitbart & alt-right is laying the groundwork for TrumpTV so naturally they're throwing FoxNews under the bus. — ErciTall Vote4HRC (@ercitall) October 28, 2016 
As mentioned in a recent story about Megyn Kelly on The Wildfire, if TrumpTV becomes a reality, a media war will loom over who is the real 'conservative' leader in cable news. Prepping the terrain would mean starting to carve out a hard right audience and yank it away from Fox News. 4. Ailes Departure Fox News 'Imploding' probably has more to do with Roger Ailes leaving than Trump. It was founded as the news arm of the GOP. (Not kidding.) — Dave Wollyung (@daveisnotfunny) October 28, 2016 
Since Ailes has stepped down, there are two interim co-presidents at Fox News: Bill Shine and Jack Aberneth. As reported by The Hollywood Reporter, it is believed by some that CNN's Jeff Zucker could be in line to fill Ailes' shoes, due to a merger between AT&T and Time Warner. 5. Murdoch Sons Total agree Fox News Imploding. The network has taken a left turn since the Murdoch sons took the reins. — DJ Ellis (@Djell4jc) October 28, 2016 'I think it is fair to say the Fox News Channel is imploding,' Levin said. 'I think it is fair to say the Murdoch... https://t.co/QSrxbRrrpf — Jim Brown (@Menorahblog) October 28, 2016 
The would-be successors to the Murdoch empire are believed to be much less conservative than their father Rupert Murdoch. 6. More Like Mainstream Media I'm glad to see Fox News imploding. It's almost as bad as the rest of the mainstream media. Especially Megyn Kelly. Good riddance. — Deplorable Carl (@CarlKenner) October 28, 2016 
The news channel's mantra to be 'fair and balanced' is not sitting well with all viewers. 7. Megyn Kelly, Megyn Kelly, Megyn Kelly . @FoxNews , What r the odds. #Outnumbered / #TheFive / #KellyFile , will cover "Fox News 'Imploding'" story? After all . @megynkelly , IT'S NEWS. pic.twitter.com/YQTnaTaLaj — Deplorable osPatriot (@osPatriot) October 28, 2016 TOTALLY AGREE! FOX IS LIKE THE REST OF MSM! Levin: Fox News 'Imploding' https://t.co/1YH4RXGZay MEGYN KELLY IS NOT A JOURNALIST! Remove kelly from fox news coverage election night #Trumptrain Levin: Fox News 'Imploding' https://t.co/o67t8ssK72 via @BreitbartNews 
ARTICLE

Getty - Andrew Burton 
Since the 2014 NYPD officer-involved death of her father, Eric Garner, Erica Garner has been a prominent figure in the Black Lives Matter movement and a loud voice against police violence. 
Her energy has been channeled in a different direction over the past week, however, since she was named in a number of the Clinton staff emails that were included in the most recent WikiLeaks dumps. 
In the emails, several staffers noted that they had an ' Erica Garner issue ' and seemed to be insinuating that she might retaliate or speak out against them if they didn't include her father's name when they talked about Tamir Rice, Michael Brown , and others associated with police violence. Image Credit: WikiLeaks 
Clinton aide Maya Harris appeared to clear things up within the email thread by noting, 'Eric Garner not included because he was not killed by gun violence.' (Garner died in police custody after being placed in a 'choke hold.') Image Credit: WikiLeaks 
But if the Clinton campaign thought it had 'an Erica Garner problem' before the emails were leaked, their problems multiplied when she caught wind of the things they had said: What are they talking about here? https://t.co/tgQH2VxuHZ — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 What really pisses me off is that the Clinton camp won't just admit these emails belong to them... Fucking liars. — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 These people will co opt anything to push their agenda. Police violence is not the same as gun violence. — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 I'm vey interested to know exactly what @CoreyCiorciari meant when he said " I know we have an Erica Garner problem" in the #PodestaEmails19 — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 Wouldnt yall like to know why the #Hillary campaign thought that I my objecting to them exploiting my dads death was a "problem" @mtaibbi https://t.co/i5cahlS6VZ — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 I'm troubled by the revelation that you and this campaign actually discussed "using" Eric Garner ... Why would you want to "use" my dad? — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
She thanked aide Maya Harris for setting everyone straight: I'm glad you had Maya on your team to explain why you wont be USING my dad in you fucking gun violence piece... Black woman saved your ass — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
Then she blew the lid off the Clinton agenda: https://t.co/jzfUl0FbXF In this #PodestaEmails leak @CoreyCiorciari n @NickMerrill plot to use police violence victims to push gun control — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
And blasted Podesta personally for his position regarding her father's death: Personelle equals policy @johnpodesta said that Eric Garner's killing was justified . And this is who we want to hold our nose and vote for? https://t.co/5nWnjxA7Nq — officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
Garner has been active in the continuing investigation into the NYPD officers who were involved in her father's death. 
Although she has not endorsed a presidential candidate since Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders left the race, she has retweeted tweets by the Green Party's Jill Stein, which were critical of the Clinton campaign. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Justin Sullivan The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
Surely, she can't be serious. No, this isn't a set-up to an Airplane! punchline, this appears to be life under an imminent Hillary Clinton regime. 
It turns out that Secretary of State is not really all about being the nation's chief diplomat and top foreign policy aide to the president, but is rather a cozy career path for Democratic politicians who want to pad their resumes. Who knew? 
As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton was an indisputable disaster. Leaving aside the clear violations with her private email server, which transmitted classified information , was potentially hacked , and put the nation's security at risk for Clinton's ' convenience ' here are a few more of her lowlights: 
Completely misjudging the Arab Spring 'democratic' movement 
Gravely miscalculating with her 'reset' policy and encouraging Russian aggression 
Assessing Bashar al-Assad as a ' reformer ,' overseeing a disastrous Syrian policy 
Failing to support the Iranian people during their freedom demonstration 
Pushing to remove Gaddafi by force in Libya, only to leave it a failed state 
Overseeing a Middle Eastern policy that culminated in the rise of ISIS 
Failing to secure the Benghazi, Libya annex that was overrun by terrorists, leading to the death of four American servicement, then lying by blaming a Youtube video Image Credit: Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images 
It goes on and on. But it gets worse. The reigns at the State Department were turned over to Senator John Kerry, whose testimony on the Vietnam war is notorious on the right. Kerry's tenure has been nothing short of feckless and laughable. No, seriously. 
Vladimir Putin, for example, is actually laughing at Kerry's useless protestations against Russia's backing of Assad. Kerry was also a vocal supporter of the Iranian nuclear deal, and he is satisfied that the deal will keep the mullahs on good behavior, despite their venomous hatred of the United States and lengthy track record of lying. 
The icing on the cake for this stretch of Democratic career politicians taking over the helm at State will culminate with Hillary Clinton's whispered preference for the job with current Vice President Joe Biden. Image Credit: Mark Wilson/Getty Images 
As reported by The Washington Examiner: 
Vice President Joe Biden is at the top of the list for secretary of state if Hillary Clinton pulls out a win on Nov. 8. 
A source close to Clinton's transition team told Politico on Thursday evening that the Democratic nominee is already making serious considerations when it comes to who would be part of a Clinton 2.0 Cabinet. 
The hilarious part? Biden himself seems to be oblivious to the potential nod. 
Biden himself is apparently unfamiliar with the news. Neither Clinton, a former secretary of state herself, nor her aides, have informed the former Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman that he's most likely to oversee international affairs if she wins. 
'He'd be great, and they are spending a lot of time figuring out the best way to try to persuade him to do it if she wins,' said the source familiar with the transition planning. 
Though many are in disbelief about the report, there is one very plausible reason to believe that Biden very well could spend his sunset years at the State Department: And that's the reward for not running. https://t.co/10DepJ4x9B — Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) October 28, 2016 
That's just the way that Democrats roll, nowadays. 
ARTICLE

The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
The 2016 presidential race is tightening by all measures, and a poll just out from ABC/Washington Post shows that Donald Trump has a legitimate shot at winning the election. 
The gap has shrunk to just four points nationally among Likely Voters: 
The lead has shrunk to such an extent that the Hillary campaign is warning that 'Donald Trump could win.' 
Hillary campaign adviser Robbie Mook released the following statement: 
"We've seen polls tighten since the last debate, and we expect things to get even closer by election day,' he said. 
'Donald Trump could win this election,' Mook added. 
Just recently, the Clinton campaign was confident of a massive victory and was looking to run up the tally. 
As FiveThirtyEight pointed out , look for polls to tighten leading up to election day. Hillary's national average is currently around five points, and Trump has regained the edge in the battleground states of Florida and Nevada. 
It looks like the campaign picture has changed and election day could be more of a nailbiter than many had recently believed. 
ARTICLE


YouTube sensation Eugenia Cooney is being slammed by many of her near 900,000 fans for 'negatively influencing' followers with her frail frame. 
In fact, a Change.org petition was recently created to temporarily ban Cooney from YouTube due to her thinness 'triggering her fan base.' 
The petition has garnered over 9,000 signatures and explains that it wasn't created to insult her, rather, people are hoping she takes a break from YouTube to get the help she needs. 
It reads , in part: 
"Eugenia Cooney has a serious medical condition and needs to seek help. She has been influencing her viewers by her serious underweight condition. She has not been getting better since the day she started YouTube, she's getting more and more sick each day. And it's honestly like she does this bodily harm to herself and shows young girls, such as her viewers on social media that it is 'okay', to be suffering from a medical condition such as Anorexia-Nervosa. It is physically & medically to be that skinny without denying treatment such as she does. She has not got any treatment. And is triggering her fan base. 
She may not be intentionally influencing her viewers, but showing more than 50% of her body in her videos and pictures are not helping girls with Anorexia or any eating disorder." A photo posted by Eugenia Cooney (@eugeniacooney) on Sep 23, 2016 at 6:24pm PDT 
What's more heartbreaking is the fact nearly all comments on her YouTube videos and social media pages are negative. 
Here are just a few of the jabs made at Cooney on her most recent video, uploaded October 26th: 
'I just realized she can't make her thighs touch no matter how hard she tries.' 
'She's so skinny her butt cheeks don't even touch each other.' 
'No...just, no. I'm sorry but I can't look at you anymore. You need help! You're actually scaring me!' 
'Wow! That's the most realistic skeleton costume ever!' 
Cooney responded to the negative comments last week in a video title, 'I'm Sorry.' She explained that she's used to getting a lot of hate on the Internet, but lately, it seems like she's upsetting a lot of people: 
'It really sucks, a lot, to feel like a lot of the Internet really hates you.' A photo posted by Eugenia Cooney (@eugeniacooney) on Oct 18, 2016 at 9:28am PDT 
Cooney added in the description box the following statement: 
"I just wanted to make this because I'm really sorry to everyone who is angry or upset with me and I'm really not trying to do anything wrong! I've never tried to influence anyone badly and I never encourage people to try to look like me or to look like anyone so that's why I'm making this video since some people are saying that about me which can be really upsetting. 
I love you guys and everyone who does support me and who is nice on here, you guys mean so much to me! I just wish people would be less hateful and be more positive and everyone who is positive you guys are so great. Thank you to the people who care about me though, I definitely am fine and am not dead or anything like that! Haha I love you guys!" 
According to the Change.org petition , her fan base consists of primarily 12- to 21-year-olds, who allegedly 'thrive' on photos of her thin body. A photo posted by Eugenia Cooney (@eugeniacooney) on Aug 24, 2016 at 12:33pm PDT 
Erin Hillard, program manager of the University of Notre Dame's Body Image and Eating Disorder Lab, told Yahoo Beauty that even if she's not intentionally 'promoting' her lifestyle, her audience is likely seeking to emulate her look: 
'We know that media images have the power to influence girls' eating behaviors and feelings about their body, and it does seem as though YouTube is more and more becoming another form of media that pushes products and lifestyles on young girls. I think it's reasonable to be concerned that viewing her channel could have a negative impact on girls who may already be struggling with body image issues. The life of a YouTube celebrity is often presented as very glamorous and fabulous, and young girls may look up to that and think that Eugenia's appearance is something they should be striving for to achieve her level of success.' A photo posted by Eugenia Cooney (@eugeniacooney) on Oct 25, 2016 at 4:02pm PDT 
Researchers at the National Institute of Mental Health found eating disorders frequently occur during teenage years, with women 2.5 times more likely to suffer from eating disorders than their male counterparts. 
ARTICLE

Getty - Justin Sullivan 
The artificial intelligence system that has accurately predicted the outcomes of every U.S. presidential election since it was created in 2004 is forecasting a Donald Trump victory. 
Using various data, including engagement on Facebook and Twitter, the AI system found that Trump is outpacing Barack Obama's peak engagement numbers during his historic 2008 campaign by 25 percent. 
CNBC has more details : 
MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, the founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. 
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democrat and Republican Primaries. Image Credit: Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images 
'If Trump loses, it will defy the data trend for the first time in the last 12 years since Internet engagement began in full earnest,' Rai wrote in a report, according to CNBC . 
However, before Trump supporters get too excited about the AI prediction, even Rai admits the social media-focused data model isn't perfect. Even if Trump is getting more social engagement than Obama in 2008, that certainly doesn't mean all those social media users will be voting for him. He explained it to CNBC like this: 
Rai said that his system would be improved by more granular data. He said that If Google was to give him access to the unique internet addresses assigned to each digital device, then he could collect data on exactly what people were thinking. For example, Rai said if someone was searching for a YouTube video on how to vote, then looked for a video on how to vote for Trump, this could give the AI a good idea of the voter's intention. He added that there would be no privacy concerns as these internet addresses would be anonymized. 
That being said, Rai advised the Clinton campaign not to get complacent in light of the AI's prediction. 
ARTICLE


It's no secret just how much time HGTV stars Chip and Joanna Gaines spend together. They have four children together and run an entire Magnolia empire together, so needless to say their time apart is few and far between. 
As Joanna writes on her blog 'Magnolia Market,' they don't really want to be apart. Image Credit: Donna Ward/Getty Images 
In fact, she says that early on in their marriage they learned that they work better when they are together than when they are apart: 
'One pretty amazing thing we learned early on was that the more time we spent together, the better our relationship was. We seem to give each other energy. We function better together than we do apart, and I don't think either one of us has ever felt the urge to say, 'I need a break from you.'' 
And although the inspirational couple admits they have their little squabbles every now and then, they never find themselves in full-blown arguments... anymore, that is. A photo posted by Joanna Stevens Gaines (@joannagaines) on Aug 19, 2016 at 7:07pm PDT 
During an interview with YouTube's Jefferson Bethke , Chip described a fight they had as newlyweds that Joanna says ended all other fights: 
'I remember when we were first newly weds, we had just bought our first little flip property and we were working at this thing till like two o'clock every morning for weeks at a time. When it got to basically the end of this sleepless endeavor that we were on, Jo and I got into some argument about something completely irrelevant.' 
At this point in the story, Jo chimed in saying that the fight started because of something Chip said, but never explained exactly what her husband said some 12 years ago. A photo posted by Chip Gaines (@chippergaines) on Oct 19, 2016 at 3:09pm PDT 
That's when Chip continued by saying: 
"Jo slammed this gallon of primer down on the floor and the primer bounced back up and literally hit her on the face, as if she's been egged in the face, so this primer is just falling of off her eye lashes, falling off of her nose and mouth. 
In my family, you know we are just average middle class American folks, when we would get into these knock-down-drag-out fights and something hilarious happens, we would all be like, 'Timeout, you got primer on your face. That's hilarious.' You know, it's God's way of telling everybody to calm down, you're going to make it." 
In Jo's family, however, having something like that happen during a fight changes the nature of the fight from simple argument to 'ninja warfare.' 
"She started doing these roundabout high kicks toward my face and head. I remember, it was almost like a Matrix moment, where in slow motion, she is wheel-housing toward my face and for no reason I was doing these complete lateral bends that I didn't even know I was capable of. 
But in that same moment I was like, 'I love this woman, I think this is going to work.'" 
As Joanna made sure to point out, that was the first and only fight of that intensity they have had as a married couple, and Chip agrees with Joanna that they got all of their fighting out in that one night. 
However, there was one other time that Chip says Joanna pulled a knife out on him, but Jo didn't want that story told. 
If they can get past all of Chip's bad jokes, then this adorable, creative couple can get through anything. 
ARTICLE


So this is new. 
Via the Financial Times , New York Times executive editor Dean Baquet is coming out hot against CNN and Fox News: 
'This mix of entertainment and news, and news masquerading as entertainment, is kind of funny except that we now have a guy who is a product of that world nominated as Republican presidential nominee." 
Politico noted that Baquet also called out CNN for hiring Corey Lewandowski, and called Fox News 'not a journalistic institution' at heart. He did compliment Megyn Kelly and Chris Wallace, calling them great journalists. 
Earlier this week, the Times published a major story detailing Trump's Twitter insults, which are also available on Twitter: Get the magnifying glass: 2 full pages in 3-pt type of NYT listing hundreds of Trump's insults pic.twitter.com/AylrTa2ScJ — Trip Gabriel (@tripgabriel) October 24, 2016 
Not to be deterred, Baquet also dropped a fun burn, claiming cable news coverage in 2016 has been: 
'bad for democracy and those institutions.' 
Ouch! 
ARTICLE

The Wildfire is an opinion platform and any opinions or information put forth by contributors are exclusive to them and do not represent the views of IJR. 
In a campaign ad for Donald Trump, Laura Wilkerson talks about her horrific experience of her son being doused with gasoline and set on fire by an illegal alien. In the ad called 'Laura,' she explains why Hillary Clinton's policies are harmful for America. 
