ARTICLE

Planet Progressive 3 
On Dec. 4, hundreds of veterans will muster at the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota. The mission: To stop the Dakota Access Pipeline. 
'Most civilians who've never served in a uniform are gutless worms who've never been in a fight in their life,' Wes Clark Jr. declares. 'So if we don't stop it, who will?' 
Clark Jr. is one of the most vociferous opponents of the Dakota Access Pipeline, a controversial 1,170-mile project that, if and when it is completed, will shuttle an estimated 470,000 barrels of crude oil every day from North Dakota to Illinois. 'It's immoral, and wrong, and dangerous to us all,' Clark Jr. adds. 
He doesn't fit the traditional tree-hugger mold. He's not a hippie. Nor is he a member of the Lakota or Dakota tribes, the two Native American group known collectively as the Sioux. He's a former Army officer and the organizer of an upcoming three-day deployment of U.S. military veterans to the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in southern North Dakota, the site of an escalating months-long standoff between law enforcement-backed security contractors and activists that has so far resulted in multiple injuries, more than 500 arrests, and a United Nations investigation of potential human rights abuses. 
According to an 'operations order' for the planned engagement, posted to social media in mid-November, 'First Americans have served in the Unites States Military, defending the soil of our homelands, at a greater percentage than any other group of Americans. There is no other people more deserving of veteran support.' 
Clark Jr. is a 47-year-old writer, political commentator, and activist based in California. Joining him in the fight is Michael A. Wood Jr., a Marine Corps veteran and former Baltimore police officer who retired his badge in 2014 to become an advocate for national police reform. Earlier this month, the duo formed Veterans Stand For Standing Rock with the hope of drawing scores of veterans, as well as fire fighters, ex-law enforcement officers, emergency medical personnel and others to the battleground for a three-day 'deployment' in early December to 'prevent progress on the Dakota Access Pipeline and draw national attention to the human rights warriors of the Sioux tribes.' Both men say they're prepared to take a bullet, rubber or otherwise, for a cause they believe should be of critical importance to any patriotic American. 
'This country is repressing our people,' Wood Jr. says. 'If we're going to be heroes, if we're really going to be those veterans that this country praises, well, then we need to do the things that we actually said we're going to do when we took the oath to defend the Constitution from enemies foreign and domestic.' 
The Standing Rock Sioux Reservation was originally established as part of the Great Sioux Reservation under Article 2 of the Treaty of Fort Laramie of April 29, 1868. In 1877, the U.S. government initiated the still ongoing process of chipping away and dividing the land it had granted to the people of the Lakota and Dakota nations, with significant reductions taking place in 1889 and then again during the 1950s and 1960s, when the Army Corps of Engineers built five large dams along the Missouri River, uprooting villages and sinking 200,000 acres of land below water. 
When the Corps of Engineers returned to Standing Rock in 2015, it was to assess whether or not it should approve a path for the Dakota Access Pipeline across the Missouri River, a project that would involve construction on some of the land that had been stripped from the Sioux, who still regard it as sacred — although, that fact seems to have been ignored, maybe even intentionally, in the assessment. 
Because the Corps neglected to consult the Standing Rock Sioux, as it was required to do under the National Historic Preservation Act (Section 106), the Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S. Department of Interior, and the American Council on Historic Preservation all criticized the assessment, but the project was eventually approved. The decision was a major victory for Energy Transfer Partners, the Texas-based parent company of Dakota Access LLC, which estimates the pipeline will bring $156 million in sales and income taxes to state and local governments and create thousands of temporary jobs. 
For the Standing Rock Sioux, the Dakota Access project poses two immediate threats. First, the pipeline would run beneath Lake Oahe, the reservoir that provides drinking water to the people of Standing Rock. (An earlier route that avoided native lands was ruled out in part because it posed a danger to drinking water.) Second, according to the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, the building of the pipeline would destroy the sacred spots and burial grounds that were overlooked in the Corps' assessment. But as the protests have intensified, and more outsiders, including members of more than 200 Native American tribes from across North America, have become involved, Standing Rock has, for some, come to represent something much bigger than a struggle between a disenfranchised people and a government-backed, billion-dollar corporation. It's a battle to save humanity from itself. 
'Mother Earth's axis is off and it's never going back,' says Phyllis Young, a Sioux tribal elder. 'And we have to help keep it in balance for as long as we can. I am a mother and a grandmother. Those are my credentials to ensure a future with clean drinking water — a future of human dignity, human rights, and human survival.' 
Young grew up on the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. She has been present at many of the protests and says she's seen people brutalized at the hands of the security contractors and law enforcement officials guarding the land where the drilling is set to take place. It was Young who got Clark Jr involved. In late summer, she was in Washington, D.C., lobbying for the military to promote an alternative (and scientifically dubious) clean energy source called low-energy nuclear reaction, when she heard of a military veteran who was a forceful advocate for environmental conservation. Clark Jr. was eager to help. He spent weeks trying to assemble a legal team for the Standing Rock Sioux, and even contacted Independent Diplomat, a nonprofit organization that helps governments navigate complex diplomatic processes. 'I pulled all of the levers, and none of them worked,' Clark Jr. recalls. Then, in early November, the plan dawned on him: He'd bring his fellow veterans. Lots of them. And they'd come prepared to put their lives on the line. 
'We're not going out there to get in a fight with anyone,' Clark Jr. says. 'They can feel free to beat us up, but we're 100% nonviolence.' 
You may have heard of Clark Jr.'s father. Wesley Clark Sr. retired from the Army in 2000 as a four-star general. His career began in the jungles of Vietnam, where he was shot four times during an enemy ambush near Saigon, and culminated in a posting as Supreme Allied Commander Europe during the Kosovo War. In 2004, he ran for the Democratic Party presidential nomination on platform that criticized the Iraq War and called for measures to combat climate change. Clark Jr., who was born in Florida while Clark Sr. was in Vietnam and grew up on military bases throughout the United States and Europe, seems to have inherited both his father's commanding spirit and his progressive ideals. 
Clark Jr. had just graduated from Georgetown's School of Foreign Service when he joined the Army as a cavalry officer. He served on active duty from 1992–1996 — 'nothing dangerous,' he says. On Sept. 11, 2001, he was living in New York City, and after seeing the towers fall, he decided to re-enlist. 'I was like, 'I'm going back in. I'm going to go in there and fuck people up,'' he recalls. It was Clark Sr., the decorated war hero, who convinced him not to. As Clark Jr. recalls, his father foresaw U.S. military intervention in Iraq and warned that as a soldier he would be fighting a war that had nothing to do with defeating al Qaeda. 'He was right, but I'll tell you, I've never felt worse about a decision in my life,' Clark Jr. says. 
Clark Jr. may never have served in combat, but when he talks about Standing Rock, he sounds like a battle-hardened general. This isn't his first foray into boots-on-the-ground environmental activism. He's currently working with an organization called Climate Mobilization, which is focused on 'building and supporting a social movement that causes the US federal government to commence WWII-scale climate mobilization.' But he's perhaps best known as a co-host of the political web series The Young Turks. On the The Young Turks website, Clark Jr. is described as an Army veteran 'currently trying to save human civilization from climate change.' The impending confrontation at Standing Rock, he says, will be 'the most important event up to this time in human history.' 
Vets Standing For Standing Rock was announced via an official sounding letter formatted like a five-paragraph military operation order, breaking down the 'opposing forces' — 'Morton County Sheriff's office combined with multiple state police agencies and private security contractors' — 'Mission,' 'Execution' and 'Logistics,' among other things. A packing list virtually mirrors the ones issued to soldiers preparing to deploy to the field (minus the weapons). But there are also parts of the document that read like a revolutionary manifesto. Under the section titled 'Friendly Forces,' for example, the op order states, 'we are there to put our bodies on the line, no matter the physical cost, in complete nonviolence to provide a clear representation to all Americans of where evil resides.' 
The document was accompanied by a link to a GoFundMe campaign that has raised nearly $20,000 of its $100,000 goal since it was created on Nov. 11. The money, Clark Jr. says, will only be used for helping volunteers with transportation costs and then bailing those who are arrested out of jail. 
Wood Jr. says the op-order was Clark Jr.'s idea, but the two men agree that organizing like a military unit is the smartest approach, especially because most of the people expected to join them on the ground have served. 
'It's simple and we have clearly defined goals, so people don't get caught up in the confusion,' says Wood Jr., who served with the Baltimore Police Department for more than a decade. 'One of the issues the police are going to face is that our level of planning and coordination is vastly superior to theirs, so they may end up with a problem when it comes to that.' 
Here then is the plan: On Dec. 4, Clark Jr. and Wood Jr., along with a group of veterans and other folks in the 'bravery business,' as Wood Jr. puts it — 500 total is the goal, but they're hoping for more — will muster at Standing Rock. The following morning they will join members of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, including Young, for a traditional healing ceremony. With an eye toward the media, old military uniforms will be donned so that if the veterans are brutalized by the police, they are brutalized not as ordinary citizens, but as people who once served the government they are protesting against. Then body armor, ear plugs, and gas masks will be issued to those who didn't bring their own. Bagpipes will play, and traditional Sioux war songs will be sung. The music will continue as everyone marches together to the banks of the Missouri, on the other side of which a line of guards in riot gear will be standing ready with rifles, mace, batons, and dogs. Then, the veterans and their allies — or at least the ones who are brave enough — will lock arms and cross the river in a 'massive line' for their 'first encounter' with the 'opposing forces.' The goal is to make it to the drilling pad and surround it, arm in arm. That will require making it through the line of guards, who have repelled other such attempts with a level of physical force Sioux tribal members and protesters have described as 'excessive' — claims that recently prompted a United Nations investigation. Of course, that's what the body armor and gas masks are for. 
'We'll have those people who will recognize that they're not willing to take a bullet, and those who recognize that they are,' says Wood Jr. 'It's okay if some of them step back, but Wes and I have no intention of doing so.' 
Of course, as most veterans know full well, even the best plans go out the window the moment the shit hits the fan. It seems probable that the group will be met by fierce resistance from those charged with keeping people out of the construction site. Despite a recent decision by the Corps of Engineers to delay further work on the pipeline, Energy Transfer Partners is still hoping to complete the project by January. The segment that will cross beneath the Missouri at Standing Rock is the last major piece of the puzzle. Strengthening the resolve of the company's executives is the fact that Energy Transfer Partners CEO Kelcy Warren donated more than $100,000 to elect Donald Trump, and Trump himself owns stock in the company. 'I'm 100% sure that the pipeline will be approved by a Trump administration,' Warren told NBC News on Nov. 12. 
Nonetheless, Clark Jr. and Wood Jr. remain undeterred. If anything, the likelihood of approval only makes them more determined. After all, this is war. 
'The Joint Chiefs of Staff labeled the climate emergency as the number one security threat to the country, and they've been labeling it that for years,' Clark Jr. says. 'All you need to do is put an overlay on any map in the world where there's a water and crisis and you're going to see massive political violence in that location. And unless we act, we're going to be dealing with that exact same situation right here in the United States.' Tell us what you think Related Posts 
