ARTICLE

People over profits RI's YouTube Channel Tops 100 Thousand Subscribers and 60 Million Views 
To be more precise, our YouTube channel has 65 million views and 113 thousand subscribers - and is still going strong! Donate! An important milestone 
As RI's You Tube manager, I would like to give special thanks to Alexei Pankin, Olga Beskrovnova, Charles Bausman , Ricky Twisdale, Kristina Shumilova and David Curry as well as Elina Nigamatyanova, Riley Waggaman, Julia Rakhmetova, Mark Shumilov, Marko Marjanovic, Elina Nigamatyanova, Anna Lutskova de Bacci, Bogdan Polischuk and other contributors. 
Your donations will help us to create more original content. And please remember to subscribe to the Russia Insider YouTube Channel and share our videos on social media. 
If you have any ideas or suggestions about how to improve our channel — or if you are interested in volunteering — please send me an email . Thank you! 
RI exclusive interviews: 
The most popular videos on our channel: 
Russia Insider in Media:

ARTICLE

An Autopsy on the Ruin of Turkish Tourism in 2016 
Getting embroiled in Syria, terrorism, and conflict with Russia devastated one of Turkey's principal industries Donate! The author is a Ph.D. student and teaching assistant at the School of Politics, University of Leeds, UK Frankenstein is on the loose... The demons unleashed from Pandora's box accompany him taunting the earth...A chaos, unseen since WW2, has been decimating the humanity. The anguish in human institutions, the agony of the social and political establishment is echoed on global basis. The Middle East has been the epicentre of this devastating storm with Turkey, a once stable and secure nation, being drawn deeply into this unprecedented vortex of despair. Turkish tourism has descended into turmoil amidst this unrivalled crisis as well. Wave of armed attacks juxtaposed with the still raw trauma of failed coup d'état coinciding with the high season lacerated tourism. According to analyst Wolfango Piccoli of the consulting firm Teneo Intelligence: 'Taking into account direct and indirect income, tourism accounts for as much as 12 percent (or $96 billion) of Turkey's GDP and tourist arrivals were down 45 percent compared to 2015'. This is the sharpest drop ever since 1998. However, is it right to put the blame at the gate of regional problems and terrorism only for this bleak situation? Terrorism and a series of unforgiveable domestic and foreign policy blunders such as meddling in Syria, dispute with Russia, failure to acknowledge the threat posed by the rising wave of Jihadism could obviously be held accountable to a considerable extent yet Turkey has a more challenging issue: the image! What actually deterred the Western vacationers from coming to Turkey is not only the fear of terrorism but also anger at the inflammatory politics of Turkey. Germany issued a travel advisory to its citizens not only for terrorism but also for the pathetic fact that those visiting Turkey should not make public statements against the Turkish state whilst Dutch Foreign Minister Bert Koenders warned that the Netherlands cannot guarantee the safety of citizens travelling to Turkey if they have been 'critical of Turkish leaders.' German newspaper Die Zeit reported that flow of tourist to Turkey has shown 'signs of continuous abating' due to Erdogan's clampdown on the opposition media and a series of terrorist attacks in the country. 'Erdogan's foreign policy has been an unmitigated disaster for Turkey, but his autocratic domestic tendencies at home have also led to alienation,' said Jonathan Schanzer, vice president for research at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies think tank. Vienna airport displays news at a screen saying 'Turkey allows sex with children under the age of 15' upon a story released by Austrian tabloid Kronen (country's largest newspaper), that Turkey's constitutional court to cancel a law that designated all sexual activities with children under the age of 15 as abuse. Thomas Schnoell, a spokesman for the Austrian foreign ministry, confirmed the ambassador had been summoned by Ankara. In a fury, he said 'this is for us a matter of freedom of the press.' This allegation could be the truth or a fallacy... whatever it was, yet it caused a massive row, led to 'Don't Go to Turkey Campaign' and tarnished the image of Turkey immensely across Europe voicing concerns about Islamization of the state. An outstanding report titled as 'Tourism as Politics: Turkey' published in 2014 by professor Thomas Clayton at Middle East Institute, George Washington University seems to have prognosticated the current plight of Turkish tourism. Clayton posits that ' the recent domestic and international political upheavals hold both risks and opportunities for Turkey's tourism potential. The domestic political controversy over the Gezi Park protests and the government's response have also tarnished Turkey's image in a way that officials are quick to dismiss but may prove extremely detrimental to Turkey's long term plans to become a major international tourist destination.' Admittedly, terrorism has become a hot potato in the hands of Turkey and the survival of Turkish tourism relies not on entirely combating terrorism and resolving the crisis in the perception of its safety. It is actually more linked with 're-construction of its image' on the global stage. The impressions left at home and abroad have impacted tourism antagonistically. Tourism is a crucial part of understanding, and a creative way to analyze, domestic and foreign policy as well. There is an urgent need for a political reset and long-overdue reforms to embrace the political and legal stability and to strengthen the democracy in the foreseeable future. Considering that boosting halal tourism is not the solution, the abrupt restoration of ties with Europe and other estranged regional powers is therefore of paramount significance for a quick recovery of tourism. 
Consequently, the golden segment of Turkey's economy could be rejuvenated if the relentless and short-sighted policies are disposed of and above all a dovish rather than a hawkish approach is adopted towards domestic and international crises. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

HUGE Air Drill, Over 130 Command Centers in Russia, CIS on Alert 
In addition, over 100 aircraft have been scrambled as part of the drill Originally appeared at RT Over 100 fighter jets, long-range bombers and combat helicopters have been scrambled at their bases across Russia and six post-Soviet states as the allies prepare to test their integrated air defense system in a massive military exercise. 
More than 130 command and control centers have been put on alert in Russia and six former Soviet republics – Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan – the Russian Defense Ministry said in a statement on Wednesday. 
All the countries contribute to the integrated air defense system overseen by the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) – an alliance of former Soviet republics that emerged after the collapse of the USSR. 
The large-scale military exercise is to train high-readiness forces in dealing with 'airspace violations, including by hijacked aircraft' as well as 'assisting crews of aircraft in distress,' the ministry added. 
Some 100 aircraft, including Su-27, MiG-29 and MiG-31 fighter jets, Su-24 and Su-34 bombers, as well as Su-25 ground attack jets and combat helicopters provided by the allies, are expected to take part in the drill. 
Troops from electronic warfare and surface-to-air missile units are also participating. 
The exercise started at 8am Moscow time with Tu-160, Tu-95MS and Tu-22M3 aircraft given the roles of aggressor. The planes, simulating an adversary force, were spotted over Eastern European and Central Asian airspaces, the Russian military said. 
All units are being coordinated from a Russian Air Force command center located outside Moscow. 
The joint CIS air defense system, established in 1995, currently focuses on protecting the ex-Soviet countries' airspace as well as providing air or missile strike early warnings and coordinated responses. 
Russia contributes the bulk of the system's early warning and air defense capacities, with short- and long-range radar stations monitoring the area. 
Notably, the system does not have a single commander. It is collectively controlled by the chiefs of the air defense forces of the member states themselves. 
Bilateral air defense systems between Russia and its neighbors have also been established in recent years. Last December, an air defense agreement between Russia and Armenia was signed by the two countries' defense ministers, Sergey Shoigu and Seyran Oganyan, respectively. 
In 2013 Moscow signed a separate treaty on a joint regional air defense system with Kazakhstan. Russian and Belarusian anti-aircraft missile forces have already been unified into an integrated system designed to contain any security threats in the European theater. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Politics Russia Has Called the War Party's Bluff 
A hot war is not going to break out after Nov. 8th - thanks to shrewd moves and preparation by Moscow Originally appeared at Sputnik 
Cold War 2.0 has reached unprecedented hysterical levels. And yet a hot war is not about to break out – before or after the November 8 US presidential election. 
From the Clinton (cash) machine – supported by a neocon/neoliberalcon think tank/media complex – to the British establishment and its corporate media mouthpieces, the Anglo-American, self-appointed 'leaders of the free world' are racking up demonization of Russia and 'Putinism' to pure incandescence. 
And yet a hot war is not about to break out – before or after the November 8 US presidential election. So many layers of fear and loathing in fact veil no more than a bluff. Let's start with the Russian naval task force in Syria, led by the officially designated 'heavy aircraft-carrying cruiser' Admiral Kuznetsov, which will be stationed in the eastern Mediterranean at least until February 2017, supporting operations against all strands of Salafi-jihadism. 
The Admiral Kuznetsov is fully equipped with anti-ship, air defense, artillery and anti-submarine warfare systems – and can defend itself against a vast array of threats, unlike NATO vessels. 
Predictably, NATO is spinning with alarm that 'all of the Northern Fleet', along with the Baltic Fleet, is on the way to the Mediterranean. Wrong; it's only part of the Northern Fleet, and the Baltic Fleet ships are not going anywhere. The heart of the matter is that when the capabilities of this Russian naval task force are matched with the S-300/S-400 missile systems already deployed in Syria, Russia is now de facto rivaling the firepower of the US Sixth Fleet. 
To top it off, as this comprehensive military analysis makes clear, Russia has 'basically made their own no-fly zone over Syria'; and a US no-fly zone, viscerally promoted by Hillary Clinton, 'is now impossible to achieve.' 
That should be more than enough to put into perspective the impotence transmuted into outright anger exhibited by the Pentagon and its neocon/neoliberalcon vassals. 
Add to it the outright war between the Pentagon and the CIA in the Syrian war theatre, where the Pentagon backs the YPG Kurds, who are not necessarily in favor of regime change in Damascus, while the CIA backs further weaponizing of 'moderate', as in al-Qaeda-linked and/or infiltrated, 'rebels'. Compounding the trademark Obama administration Three Stooges school of foreign policy, American threats have flown more liberally than Negan's skull-crushing bloody baton in the new season of The Walking Dead. 
Pentagon head Ash Carter, a certified neocon, has threatened 'consequences', as in 'potential' strikes against Syrian Arab Army (SAA) forces to 'punish the regime' after the Pentagon itself broke the Kerry-Lavrov ceasefire. President Obama took some time off weighing his options. And in the end, he backed off. 
So it will be up for the virtually elected – by the whole US establishment — Hillary Clinton to make the fateful decision. She won't be able to go for a no-fly zone – because Russia is already doing it. And if she decides to 'punish the regime', Moscow already telegraphed, via Russia's Defense Ministry spokesman Major-General Igor Konashenkov, there will definitely be 'consequences' for imposing a 'shadow' hot war. 
Sun Tzu doesn't do first-strike 
Washington, of course, reserves for itself a 'first-strike' nuclear capability, which Hillary Clinton fully supports (Donald Trump does not, and for that he's also demonized). If we allow the current hysteria to literally go nuclear, then we must consider the matter of the S-500 anti-missile system – which effectively seals Russia's air space; Moscow won't admit it on the record because that would unleash a relentless arms race. 
A US intel source with close connections to the Masters of the Universe but at the same time opposed to Cold War 2.0 as 'counter-productive', adds the necessary nuance: 'The United States has lost the arms race, indulging in trillions of dollars of worthless and endless wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya, and now is no longer a global power as it cannot defend itself with its obsolete missiles, THAAD, Patriot and Aegis Land Based Ballistic Defense System, against Russian ICBMs, even as the Russians have sealed their airspace. The Russians may be as much as four generations ahead of the US.' 
Moreover, in the deep recesses of shadow war planning, the Pentagon knows, and the Russian Defense Ministry also knows, that in the event some 
Dr. Strangelove launched a nuclear preemptive strike against Russia, the Russian population would be protected by their defensive missile systems – as well as nuclear bomb shelters in major cities. Warnings on Russian television have not been idle; the population would know where to go in the – terrifying — event of nuclear war breaking out. 
Needless to add, the ghastly possibility of US nuclear first-strike turns all these WWII-style NATO war games in Eastern Europe into a pile of meaningless propaganda stunts. 
So how did Moscow plan for it all? According to the US intel source, 'they took out almost all the military budget from their stated federal budget, lulling the West into thinking that Russia could not afford a massive military buildup and there was nothing to fear from Russia as they were finished as a world power. 
The [stated] military budget was next to nothing, so there was nothing to worry about as far as the CIA was concerned. If Putin showed publicly his gigantic military buildup, the West could have taken immediate remedial actions as they did in 2014 by crashing the oil price.' 
The bottom line then would reveal the Pentagon as totally unprepared for a hot war – even as it threatens and bluffs Russia now on a daily basis; 'As Brzezinski has pointed out, if this is the case it means the US has ceased to be a global power. The US may continue to bluff, but those that ally with them will have nowhere to go if that bluff is called, as it is being now called in Syria.' 
The US intel source is adamant that 'one of the greatest military buildups in history has taken place right under the nose of the Russian Central Bank head Elvira Nabiullina and the Russian Ministry of Finance while the CIA awaits what they think will be the inevitable Russia collapse. 
The CIA will be waiting forever and eternity for Russia to collapse. This MGB maneuver is sheer genius. And demonstrates that the CIA, which is so drowned by data inputs that they cannot connect the dots on anything, must be completely reorganized. In addition, the entire procurement system of the United States military must also be reorganized as it cannot ever keep up if new weapon programs as the F-35 take twenty years to develop and then are found obsolete before they even enter service. The Russians have a five-year development program for each new weapons system and they are far ahead of us in every key area.' 
If this analysis is correct, it goes against even the best and most precise Russian estimates, according to which military potential may be strong, asymmetrically, but still much inferior to US military might. 
Well-informed Western analysts know that Moscow never brags about military buildups – and has mastered to a fault the element of surprise. Much more than calling a bluff, it's Moscow's Sun Tzu tactics that are really rattling loudmouth Washington. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Politics If Hillary Wins, Here Are 10 Things Anyone Can Celebrate 
"So why not give everyone a free day, dress everyone in Boy Scout outfits and make them march along the Pennsylvania Avenue singing songs about the Great Mother of the Nation. Finally, North Korea would meet its match." Hooray! (Click to enlarge) The author is an Associate Professor of Slavic Languages at Brown University, an American Ivy League university. People are justifiably frightened by the prospect of Hillary Clinton re-entering the White House, as if her first stay wasn't bad enough. To all those who think that her warmongering would result in military confrontation with Russia, and her cozy relationships with bankers would lead to economic collapse, I would like to offer something to cheer about. # 10 America is the country of émigrés, of people who were given a second chance after they landed here. So Hillary's second coming to the White House, would be the source of endless inspirational stories for the poor suckers belonging to the 99% and who rely on the crumbs that 1% drops to them from their table. Never give up, there is always a second chance at joining this coveted table. # 9 Hillary's victory would spawn a great new industry for senior citizens. Rather than looking forward to playing bingo or taking cruises, any senior could aspire to become president. What a great area of possibilities! I can imagine courses opening all over the country on such diverse subjects as to how to open a foundation and take bribes legally; how to negotiate with lobbyists, how to laugh demonically and sarcastically, how to erase your emails, and how to forget bad things that you've done. Not sure the seniors would pay for this last group of courses, but worth trying anyway. # 8 With Hillary in the White House, the whole world would celebrate her reception of several Nobel Prizes simultaneously. Judging by the eagerness with which they responded to President Obama's promises of peace, it is hard to imagine Nobel Prize committees failing to respond to Hillary's winning ways. Consequently, we will be able to rejoice at Hillary's Nobel prizes for Peace (in the Middle East in particular), for fiction (her whole life is one big fantasy); for mathematics (for inventing computer algorithms that either destroy emails, or attributes them to the hacking Russians), for chemistry (for inventing the coating, that makes Teflon look fragile and crumbling), and for physics (for constructing this missile shield that would enable her to create unopposed no-fly zones any place she wants). This latter prize she might share with the great chief of Pentagon and physicist in his own right, Mr. Ashton Carter. # 7 Hillary's success would result in a new arms race with Russia, providing endless amounts of jobs for students of Russian, since there will be a need to discover all the mischief of Russians and therefore beef up all the seventeen agencies that, according to Hillary, keep on spying on Russians. Furthermore, with Russians being what they are, seventeen agencies are hardly enough. There should be at least 1001. I can easily foresee the brightest future for all Slavic Departments. A bit of self-serving, I agree, but after all, with Hillary we are entering a new 'self-serving-is-good' age. # 6 Hillary would also unleash a new politically correct language onto the world. Just the other day, as I was booking hotel room, I was asked about my gender. And there were only two options to choose. What a disgrace! With Hillary in the White House, all the great students of Ivy League Universities – and they are the only ones who can remember and pontificate on all thirty one gender identities introduced by political correctness --would find fantastic employment advising various companies, agencies, even countries, on this subject. And this is only the beginning. Think about the great employment opportunities for those who can distinguish and label all thirty-one types of terrorists currently fighting in Syria. The State Department, which already employs seventy thousand people, would have to be drastically expanded to accommodate such experts. # 5 The Saudis could buy all Trump's Hotels, including the one that is supposed to be next to the White House; consequently, they could negotiate with Hillary directly, without leaving any paper or internet trace. So, there won't be any need for Wiki-leaks emails, and other bothersome documents, all of which seem to distract the country from its main task. The task indicated to all of us by Hillary's one-time rival, Bernie Sanders, who after he announced, 'people are sick of hearing about these damn emails ,' proceeded, without further ado, to lick Hillary's behind. And so did all his followers who are now cheering for the rest of us to do the same. # 4 A Hillary victory would guarantee the continuity of the same people in such positions of power as Pentagon, State Department, Treasury, CIA, or Senate. Who needs unnecessary disruption that comes with the change of various leaders? With Republicans switching to Hillary, it is high time that we modify the elections in general, to cement the elite's hold on power. They are obviously very good for the country; otherwise, we would not be voting for the same people again and again. So why not give everyone a free day, dress everyone in Boy Scout outfits and make them march along the Pennsylvania Ave singing songs about the Great Mother of the Nation. Finally, North Korea would meet its match. Who are those skeptics who say that Kim is a serious threat to US? To their Kims we offer our Clintons, to their party we offer our party, to their elections --our elections, to their meager amount of nukes we offer our full arsenal of nukes. So eat your kimchi, Mr. Kim and go back to jailing your opponents. # 3 This small step for mankind will be a giant step for all women in the world. Never mind the previous great examples of female presidents and national leaders. They were not Americans, and therefore cannot possibly serve as role models. With Hillary, every woman could look at her daughter and say: 'Don't worry. One of these days, you'll marry an ambitious young man from provinces, and you'll do everything in your abilities to help him succeed. And after he enjoys all the perks that come with his success, while you continue to serve him with devotion and loyalty, you'll get your second chance. Just be patient!' What a great inspiration to all the young women of this nation! # 2 The banking industry would experience a real renaissance. New York would be renamed New Wall Street, since only bankers could afford to live there. Unopposed and unregulated, they would become truly creative, selling us mortgages for the use of air, sea, rain, stars, and sky. And putting all their profits to good use, they will make sure to provide us with perfect replacements for any retiring party apparatchik. # 1 Warmongering industries, Silicon Valley, and the entire state of California would be given a chance to compete with bankers in terms of power and money. With the shortage of water, the state is slowly turning into a desert. So inventing gadgets for the military, and testing nukes in California deserts, would be a fantastic solution. And in terms of the rest of the country, frankly, who cares about them. Their task is to pay taxes, buy the new financial vehicles invented in New York, play with the new gadgets invented in California, and keep on voting for Hillary, our Big Sister, who never sleeps, devising ways to protect us from those pesky North Koreans and Russians. So it is high time for people who inhabit this little patch of land squeezed between California and New York, to all those formerly known as 'the great unwashed,' but rebranded recently as 'deplorables' it is high time for you all to give up on your sexist, gun-toting, racist ways, and begin to rejoice in the fact that in this wonderful land of yours and theirs everything is for a woman… And her name is Hillary. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at Anti Media 
As fighting resumes in Aleppo following a brief ceasefire — and as Russia's largest naval fleet to sail since the Cold War steams down the English Channel on its way to the western coast of Syria — it's important, in times when most of the focus is being drawn to one point, to step back and look at the whole board. 
Yes, what's happening in Aleppo is a tragedy. Civilians, women, and children are being blasted out of existence as two superpowers back opposing sides in a proxy war for regional dominance. Yes, as the Russian fleet nears the Mediterranean Sea, tensions will undoubtedly escalate for a number of nations with ties to the Syrian conflict. 
But President Vladimir Putin's moves regarding Aleppo are far from his only ones worth noting of late. 
Take Turkey, for instance. Last week, Underground Reporter posited the idea that Turkey, due to its deteriorating relations with the United States and its strengthening cooperation with Russia, has, in effect, become the military wild card in the Middle East. Cited as evidence of deepening Russian-Turkish ties was the fact that the two countries have just signed a deal to build a pipeline from Turkey to Ukraine, which would then supply natural gas to Europe. 
Turkey, which is north of Syria, shares much of its southern and all of its eastern border with the Mediterranean Sea. A good portion of Syria's western border also runs into the Mediterranean, and it's in those waters where Russian vessels, already hovering there, await the arrival of the aircraft carrier-led fleet now pushing through the English Channel. 
All this fits nicely into a narrative that only focuses on what's happening in Aleppo. But one need only glance at a map to see, using nothing but the eyes and common sense, just how much more is actually taking place right now. 
In mid-October, it was reported that, for the first time ever, Russia and Egypt would conduct joint military drills. This followed news that Russia will sell attack helicopters to the North African nation and invest billions in Egyptian infrastructure. These items, along with the fact that Egypt is eager to be re-granted Russian tourism rights for its citizens after recent bad blood between the countries, lead one to the logical conclusion that Egypt has every incentive to cooperate with Russia going forward. 
Egypt, in case you're not looking at that map, is directly across the Mediterranean Sea from Turkey. 
This means when the Russian fleet reaches the Mediterranean — whether the intent is to park in those waters and bombard Aleppo, as some believe, or merely to project Russian might to the world, as others suggest — it will be flanked by friendlies on three sides. Turkey to the north, Syrian to the east, and Egypt to the south. 
This is not a bad position to be in if you're looking to build a natural gas pipeline from Turkey to Ukraine. Turkey, incidentally, shares its northern border with the Black Sea, which in turn shares its southern border with Ukraine. And the Black Sea, as those who've followed the Ukrainian situation in recent years well know, is swarming with Russian warships. 
So, in the bigger picture — assuming Turkey will eventually fully embrace the Russian sphere and that Egypt, as it's highly incentivized to do, embraces its new role as a Russian satellite — Putin has protected himself quite deftly from those in the West who'll inevitably, no matter what the fleet does once it arrives, accuse Putin of aggression. 
Turkey and Egypt are both formerly staunch U.S. allies, after all, and there's been no official severing of ties, or even hintsof such, with those nations. So Putin, thanks largely to the West's own hegemonic maneuvering, has a lot of room to operate in terms of deals and cooperation — both militarily and economically. 
In any case, the facts present a narrative — albeit a theoretical one — that isn't being discussed. Putin, as we speak, may be implementing the first phases of an effort to secure a nice straight shot from Turkey to Ukraine for the long-desired Turkish Stream pipeline. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Trump's Foreign Policy Is Sane While Clinton's Is Belligerent 
At least on Syria and Russia relations there's no contest Originally appeared at Moon of Alabama 
Some highlights of a recent Donald Trump interview with Reuters: U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Democrat Hillary Clinton's plan for Syria would "lead to World War Three," because of the potential for conflict with military forces from nuclear-armed Russia.
In an interview focused largely on foreign policy, Trump said defeating Islamic State is a higher priority than persuading Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down,.. 
Trump questioned how Clinton would negotiate with Russian President Vladimir Putin after demonizing him; blamed President Barack Obama for a downturn in U.S. relations with the Philippines under its new president, Rodrigo Duterte;... 
Trump's foreign policy talk is far more sane than Clinton's and her camp's. It is ludicrous to event think about openly attacking Russian (or Syrian) troops in Syria with an al-Qaeda supporting "no-Fly-Zone". Russia would respond by taking down U.S. planes over Syria. The Russian government would have to do so to uphold its authority internationally as well as at home. 
The U.S. could respond by destroying all Russian assets in and around Syria. It has the capabilities. But then what? If I were Putin my next step would be a nuclear test shoot in Siberia - a big one - to make a point and to wake up the rest of the world. I would also provide secret support to any indigenous anti-U.S. movement anywhere. China would support Russia as its first line of self defense. "What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria," said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. "You're going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton.
"You're not fighting Syria any more, you're fighting Syria, Russia and Iran, all right? Russia is a nuclear country, but a country where the nukes work as opposed to other countries that talk," he said. ...On Russia, Trump again knocked Clinton's handling of U.S.-Russian relations while secretary of state and said her harsh criticism of Putin raised questions about "how she is going to go back and negotiate with this man who she has made to be so evil," if she wins the presidency. 
On the deterioration of ties with the Philippines, Trump aimed his criticism at Obama, saying the president "wants to focus on his golf game" rather than engage with world leaders. 
The last two points are important. Trump, despite all his bluster, knows about decency. What is the point of arrogantly scolding negotiation partner who have the power to block agreements you want or need? 
Why blame Russia for hacking wide open email servers when no Russian speakers were involved? Why blame Duterte? It is the U.S. that has a long history of violent racism in the Philippines and FBI agents committed false flag "terrorism" is Duterte's home town Davao. Bluster may paper over such history for a moment but it does not change the facts or helps solving problems. 
Trump's economic policies would be catastrophic for many people in the U.S. and elsewhere. But Hillary Clinton would put her husband, the man who deregulated Wall Street, back in charge of the economy. What do people expect the results would be? 
The points above may be obvious and one might be tempted to just pass them and dig into some nig-nagging of this or that election detail. But the above points as THE most important of any election. The welfare of the people is not decided with some "liberal" concession to this or that niche of the general society. The big issues count the most. Good or evil flow from them. Trumps principle, and I think personal position, is leaning towards peaceful resolution of conflicts. Clinton's preference is clearly, as her history shows, escalation and general belligerence. It is too risky to vote for her. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at Anti-Media 
As Russia and the United States approach arguably the most dangerous crossroads in history — and as Western media continues to crucify Russia for its actions within Syria — a closer look at the rationale Putin used for intervening in the Syrian war paints a sane explanation of how we ended up at this juncture of a global conflict. 
Unsurprisingly, the explanation comes from the Russian president himself and was actually offered over 3 years ago. As expected, the Western corporate media and the Obama administration chose to ignore Vladimir Putin's explanation for Russia's stance on Syria and continued a number of policies that have completely exacerbated the conflict. 
In a live interview with RT in June 2013, Putin was asked for an explanation regarding Russia's support for Bashar al-Assad in Syria, even though this support has made some people very angry at Russia. Putin's response was that Russia does not support the Assad government or Assad himself, but before defining Russia's official position, he explained what Russia does not want to do within Syria or across the Middle East: 
'We do not want to interfere into the internal schism of Islam, between Shias and Sunnis. These are internal issues of the Islamic world. We have very good relations with much of the Arabic world, Iran for example, and others.' 
However, according to Putin, what worries Russia can be identified by having a look 'at what is going on in the Middle East in general.' 
'Egypt is not calm. Iraq is not calm – and it is not assured in its continued existence as one state. Yemen is not calm; Tunisia is not calm. Libya is witnessing inter-ethnic, inter-tribal conflict. So the entire region has been engulfed, at a minimum, into a state of conflict and undecidedness. And now Syria, down the same path.' 
In Putin's eyes, these events are no accident. As he puts it, these events happened for a reason: 
'Some people, from the outside, think that if they can 'comb' the region to how they see fit – some of them call this 'democracy'– then the region will come into calmness and order. That's not how it is. Without taking into account the history, the traditions, religious particularities, you must not do anything in the Middle East, especially as an outsider.' 
Russia found this out the hard way when its military intervened in Afghanistan in the 1980s, a war many historians believe to be one of the main reasons for the fall of the Soviet empire. According to Robert Gates , director of the CIA under Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush and Secretary of Defense under both George W. Bush and Barack Obama, the U.S. began arming and funding jihadists in Pakistan and Afghanistan six months prior to the Soviet invasion with the express goal of luring the Soviets into a quagmire. 
Similarly, and not by accident, the tactic used to draw Russia into Afghanistan is the same tactic being used today in Syria. In fact, Obama warned Putin that Russia's adventures into Syria would result in the same quagmire the Soviets met in Afghanistan. 
Unsurprisingly, supporting radical militant groups to overthrow regimes in the Middle East has been a key hallmark of Obama's foreign policy. As Putin notes: 
'So they interfered in the internal affairs of Libya. Whether the [Gaddafi] regime was good or bad – but Libya used to have the highest standard of living in the Middle East. And what's happening there now? There's a war for resources; an endless inter-tribal war. How is this all going to end – nobody knows.' 
What happened to Libya resonated strongly with Russia due to the fact that in that situation, the West convinced Russia and China not to use their veto power at the U.N. Security Council level — they were told regime change was not part of NATO's agenda in Libya. As it turned out, however, this was one of the first things that happened as soon as authorization was granted for NATO to bomb Libyan territory. Putin immediately questioned why NATO was attacking Muammar Gaddafi directly despite their promises they would not do so. 
Putin has therefore drawn the following conclusion: 
'What worries us is that if the same is done in Syria, then it will be in the same state as Libya. Is it not enough that we already have a small lawless territory between Afghanistan and Pakistan? Nobody governs the area, it's just groups of rebels. This is very close to our borders, do we want another?' 
The role of al-Nusra in the Syrian conflict continues to be the main issue today, as Russia has repeatedly asked for the United States to differentiate between terrorist groups and moderate groups on the ground in Syria. 
As Putin said: 
'You know what [the Americans] can't answer us? The key armed opposition group…al-Nusra…Yes, this organization is one of the key ones in the armed opposition [against Assad]. The U.S. State Department has confirmed it is a terrorist organization linked to al-Qaeda. Al-Nusra does not hide that fact. And – what are [the Americans suggesting]? For al-Nusra to be in the future parliament?' 
'Or, here's another example. They support certain organizations that are fighting against Assad in Syria, yet those same countries [who support them in Syria] fight against these organizations in Mali.' 
Putin's reference to fighters in Mali is a direct attack on France's role in the war on terror. France has been actively bombing Mali since 2013, though this is rarely covered by the mainstream media. As Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has noted , the fighters France supported in Libya to overthrow Gaddafi were the same fighters they have supposedly been fighting in Mali. 
'Often, not only are they the same organizations – they are the same individuals,' Putin added. 
'They simply leave Syria and go to fight in Mali – where western states do not support them. Then the same people go back to Syria and there they are supported.' 
'Where is the logic? How will it all end? These are not just empty words.' Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Politicians, NATO Officials Furious as Spain Plans to Refuel Russian Battle Group 
However since then Russia has rescinded the request to refuel at Spanish port Originally appeared at Zero Hedge 
Spain is facing international criticism as it reportedly prepares to refuel a flotilla of Russian warships en route to bolstering the bombing campaign against the besieged Syrian city of Aleppo. El País reported that the Spanish ministry of foreign affairs was reviewing the permit issued to the Russian flotilla to stop at Ceuta. Politicians and military figures condemned the support from a NATO member as "scandalous," and "wholly inappropriate," while the head of the alliance indicated Madrid should rethink the pit stop. 
As The Guardian reports, warships led by the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov are expected to take on fuel and supplies at the Spanish port of Ceuta after passing through the Straits of Gibraltar on Wednesday morning. Spanish media reported that two Spanish vessels, the frigate Almirante Juan de Borbón and logistical ship Cantabria, were shadowing the warships as they passed through international waters, and that the Admiral Kuznetsov, along with other Russian vessels and submarines, would dock at Ceuta to restock after 10 days at sea. 
Late on Tuesday night, El País reported that the Spanish ministry of foreign affairs was reviewing the permit issued to the Russian flotilla to stop at Ceuta. 
Last week British Royal Navy vessels monitored the Russian warships as they moved through the English Channel. The vessels were shadowed by the navy as they passed through the Dover Strait . 20161026_spain1.jpg 

The enclave of Ceuta sits on the tip of Africa's north coast, across the Straits of Gibraltar from mainland Spain, and bordering Morocco, which also lays claim to the territory. Although Ceuta is part of the EU, its Nato status is unclear, and since 2011 at least 60 Russian warships have docked there. 
Nato said the prospect of Russia's only aircraft carrier heading to the region does not 'inspire confidence' that Moscow is seeking a political solution to the Syrian crisis. 20161026_spain3.jpg 
The naval group is made up of Russia's only aircraft carrier, Admiral Kuznetsov, as well as a nuclear-powered battle cruiser, two anti-submarine warships and four support vessels, likely escorted by submarines, Nato officials said. 
The naval deployment, a rare sight since the end of the Soviet Union, is carrying dozens of fighter bombers and helicopters and is expected to join around 10 other Russian vessels already off the Syrian coast, diplomats said. 
But, as The Telegraph reports , Spain is facing anger and criticism from all asunder at their decision to allow the refueling to occur... 
Nato secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg warned on Tuesday that Russian warships heading for Syria could be used to target civilians. 'We are concerned and have expressed very clearly by the potential use of that battle group to increase air strikes on civilians in Aleppo,' Stoltenberg said, adding that it was 'up to each nation to decide whether these vessels may obtain supplies and refuel at different ports along the route to the eastern Mediterranean'. 
'The battle group may be used to increase Russia's ability to take part in combat operations over Syria and to conduct even more air strikes against Aleppo,' 
Guy Verhofstadt, former prime minister of Belgium and now the EU's representative on Brexit talks with the UK, called Spain's decision to allow the refuelling 'scandalous'. politicians_nato_officials_furious_as_spain_plans_to_refuel_russian_battle_group_zero_hedge.png 
Sir Gerald Howarth MP, a former Defence Minister, said it would be 'wholly inappropriate' for a Nato member to refuel the Russian vessels. 'Spain is a member of Nato and Nato is already facing challenges from Russia, not least in the Baltics. 
' The Russians stand accused of indiscriminate bombing in Aleppo and Syria and it would be inappropriate to render them military assistance .' 
Former Royal Navy chief Lord West told the newspaper: 'There are sanctions against Russia and it's an extraordinary thing for a Nato ally to do.' 
* * * 
Spain's Foreign Ministry told the Telegraph requests from the Russian navy were considered on a 'case by case basis, depending on the characteristics of the ship concerned'. A spokesman said: 'Russian navy vessels have been making calls in Spanish ports for years'. But in an indication Madrid was feeling increased diplomatic pressure not to help Moscow, the Spanish government said it was reviewing the Russian request. The spokesman said: 'The latest requested dockings are being revised at the current time in light of information we are receiving from our allies and from the Russian authorities.' 
Russia's military visits are estimated each to bring in more than $400,000 to the city through a combination of mooring fees, fuel and supplies, and the money spent by sailors during their time onshore. "As long as the Spanish government hasn't banned it, it is a commercial matter like any other vessel stopping to take on supplies, even if it concerns military ships," 
Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Soon 15 NATO Nations Which Do Not Border Russia Will Have Troops on the Russian Border 
Why does Luxembourg need to have troops stationed a hundred miles from Russia's second city? 
From the news : 
More Nato members have pledged to contribute to four battalions stationed in Poland and the Baltic states as the military alliance continues to build its presence on its eastern flank, Nato's secretary general said on October 26. 
Albania , Italy , Poland and Slovenia will contribute to the Canada -led battalion in Latvia. Belgium , Croatia , France , Luxembourg , Netherlands and Norway will contribute to Germany -led battalion in Lithuania. Denmark and France will strengthen the UK -led battalion in Estonia, while Romania and the UK will add weight to the US -led battalion in Poland. 
In other words very soon 15 NATO nations (bolded) which do not share a border with Russia will have troops stationed abroad, on the Russian border. Additionally Poland and Norway which share a short border with Russia will also station troops abroad in Lithuania and Latvia. 
In total a coalition of 20 NATO nations will be parked in the Baltics in a way that encircles the Russian Kaliningrad exclave and puts a portion of the NATO troops just 100 miles from Saint Petersburg -- Russia's second city and historic capital. -- A city where some 1 million civilians were starved to death during the WWII siege put up by Germany which is now returned to the region. 
Of the 20 NATO nations now on Russia's vulnerable northwestern flank Germany, Italy amd Romania famously invaded it in the 1940s causing 25 million deaths , including 15 million deaths of civilians and prisoners of war . 
The Russians will also remember that with the German invaders came quisling troops from a number of other nations now again on its borders. The French came with SS Charlemagne, the Danish and Norwegians with SS Viking and Nordland, the Dutch with SS Nederland, the Croats with the 369th Regiment, the Belgians with SS Wallonien and Flandern. 
In the alternate reality inhabited by western functionaries Russia is about to invade the Baltics neccesitating the build-up there, which is to include a permanent presence of 4,000 troops backed up by a 'rapid reaction force' of 40,000 . 
On the other hand, c ombined NATO militaries are about 4 times the size the Russian military. Even without counting the US and Canada, the European NATO countries alone have 3 times the population of Russia and 10 times its GDP. 
Additionally Russia did not do anything to grab the Baltic countries whether before they joined NATO in 2004 or since. -- This despite the long-standing mistreatment of the Russian minority in Estonia and Latvia actually being worse in the 1990s than today. -- And certainly there are no Russian troops of the border of Albania, UK, Canada or Germany. 
So really, is this a defensive deployment, or a move to intimidate and dominate Russia by a far richer, and more powerful bloc?  

ARTICLE

Assad Says The "Boy In The Ambulance" Is Fake - This Proves It 
Did the viral photo feature a child actor who has already been photographed 'being rescued' before? Donate! Originally appeared at The Moon of Alabama 
From an interview with the Syrian President Bashar Assad by the Swiss SRF 1 TV Channel published October 19 2016: Journalist: This young boy has become the symbol of the war. I think that you know this picture. 
President Assad: Of course I saw it. 
Journalist: His name is Omran. Five years old. 
President Assad: Yeah. 
Journalist: Covered with blood, scared, traumatized. Is there anything you would like to say to Omran and his family? 
President Assad: There's something I would like to say to you first of all, because I want you to go back after my interview, and go to the internet to see the same picture of the same child, with his sister, both were rescued by what they call them in the West 'White Helmets' which is a facelift of al-Nusra in Aleppo. They were rescued twice, each one in a different incident, and just as part of the publicity of those White Helmets. None of these incidents were true. You can have it manipulated, and it is manipulated. I'm going to send you those two pictures, and they are on the internet, just to see that this is a forged picture, not a real one. We have real pictures of children being harmed, but this one in specific is a forged one. 
Assad was half wrong. The picture, printed on page 1 of newspapers all over the "western" world, was not "forged". It is a real picture from a White Helmet "rescue" video distributed by the Aleppo Media Center (AMC) (which is funded by the French French Ministry of Foreign Affairs). But the scene was carefully staged and we immediately recognized it as staged when it appeared. It was staged like many other "rescue" scenes with "kids saved" by the U.S./UK/D/J/NL financed White Helmets and their associated media. 
Look for yourself, trust your eyes. 
The "boy in an ambulance" scene features two identifiable kids. Omran and his sister. 
Below are pictures of what we believe are the same kids in different scenes. 
Here is the girl at another occasion. We will call this scene 1: 
The Houston Chronicle reported about this scene and the picture carries this caption: An 8-year-old girl named Aya calls out for her father after an airstrike in Syrian on Monday, Oct. 10, 2016. 
This combined one is captioned: Left: 8-year-old Aya in her everyday life in Syria. Right: 8-year-old Aya after an airstrike in Syria. 
Notice the age as well as the girl's favorite colors - light turquoise and pink. Compared to the left picture the hair on the right looks powdered and artificially teased. While there is trickle of "blood" on her face and on her dress no wound is visible. 
The Chronicle story is sourced to CNN which includes a short (staged) video and adds: The video and images were posted online by a pro-opposition activist group, Talbiseh Media Center. 
It shows an 8-year-old girl in a medical facility, her hair and body covered with dust. There's blood tricking down her forehead, her nose. She looks confused and scared and keeps calling out for her father....Aya was pulled from under rubble along with her family members when an airstrike hit their home in Talbiseh on Monday. Talbiseh, a large town in northwestern Syria, is about 10 kilometers north of Homs. 
A screenshot detail from the video: 
The "blood" looks remarkably glossy, unlike natural blood which dries and looks dull pretty fast. The uni-color shirt the girl wears has no arms. 
Now the same girl in a different "rescue" scene. We will call this scene 2. 
whstatist1-1.jpg 
The truck in the background has a "White Helmets" logo on the door. 
A detail of the above picture. It is the same girl as in scene 1. The hair again seems powdered and teased: 
Notice: Same habitus, same appearance, same wild hair as in scene 1; no visible wounds; turquoise shirt but with short arms; jeans with glitter 
Here is the girl at scene 2 in an ambulance: 
Same shirt and pants as above, no wounds, no pain and not attended to by anybody. Compare this with the video capture of scene 1 the Chronicle and CNN reported on. We strongly believe it is the same girl. 
Now what seems to be a different take of scene 2. A "White Helmet" carries the girl and a boy. Notice the same clothing as in the other scene 2 pics above. The pic as well as some of the above from scene 2 was running in the Daily Mail on August 27. The incident is claimed to be the aftermath of a "barrel bombing" in the Bab al-Nairab neighborhood in east-Aleppo. 
Why would two different men carry and "rescue" the girl. She, like the boy, looks fine - same cloth as above, no wounds, no damage to the extremities, no crying - just curiosity. 
A detail of the faces in that picture: 
A detail of the boy's face: 
Now to the "boy in an ambulance" scene. The boy and the reportedly 8-year old girl on August 17 in the Qaterji neighborhood in east Aleppo introduced as "Omran Daqneesh and his sister." (pic source ): 
The just "rescued" kids sit quietly but completely unattended to in a brand-new €100,000 ambulance. No shock therapy was initiated, no Trendelberg position or at least laying down flat. No one talks to them despite half a dozen photographers being around them. 
Details of the kids - here the boy has the powdered and teased "wild hair" look. 
Are these the same kids as in scene 2 above? 
President Assad believes they are. 
We agree. We also believe that all three scenes above are staged. The girl is the same in all three scenes. Her younger brother appears in scene 2 and 3. The White Helmets apparently "rescued" the girl in three different incidents on or about August 17, August 27 and October 10 in three different locations. 
Isn't that a remarkably elysian miracle? 
Or is it all part of the serial production of elaborately staged anti-Syrian propaganda? Delivered by a marketing organization (vid) funded by "western" governments and various similar financed opposition "media organizations". 
Trust your eyes.  

ARTICLE

McCarthyism' Rides Again. And It's Again Poisoning the Foundations of a Free Society in the US 
Smears and intimidation vs. free debate, civil liberties and peace Originally appeared at Anti War 
I'm often taken to task by some of my readers for characterizing the current anti-Russian hysteria as 'McCarthyism.' After all, they say, Sen. Joseph McCarthy was right – there were, indeed, high-ranking individuals in the US government covertly sympathetic to the Soviet regime. And, yes, we now know that many of these were working directly for Soviet intelligence. 
This was the predictable result of our wartime alliance with Russia: combined with the left-wing proclivities of the Roosevelt administration, and the 'Popular Front' politics of the Communist Party USA during this period, it's surprising that Soviet penetration of US government circles wasn't more extensive than it turned out to be. 
In any case, what we are seeing today with the revival of the cold war mindset is in many ways the complete opposite of the 'old' McCarthyism: the target may be the same – Russia as the bogeyman de jour – but the methods and sources of the neo-McCarthyites are quite different. 
To begin with, the 'old' McCarthyism was a movement generated from below, and aimed at the elites: the 'new' McCarthyism is a media construct, generated from above and created by the elites. 
The average American, while hardly a Putin groupie, is not lying awake at night worrying about the 'Russian threat.' The fate of Ukraine, not to mention Crimea, is so far from his concerns that the distance can only be measured in light-years. And when some new scandal breaks as a result of WikiLeaks releasing the emails of Hillary Clinton's inner circle, Joe Sixpack doesn't think 'Oh, that just proves Julian Assange is a Kremlin toady!' WikiLeaks is merely confirming what Joe already knew: that Washington is a cornucopia of corruption. 
The Acela corridor elite, on the other hand, does lie awake at night wondering how they can pull off a regime change operation that will eliminate the 'threat' represented by Putin once and for all. Ever since the Russian leader started mocking Washington's hegemonic pretensions, criticizing the US invasion of Iraq, and pointing out how US-funded Syrian 'rebels' are merely jihadists in 'moderate' clothing, Putin has been in their crosshairs – and the propaganda war has been relentless. 
This barrage has gone into overdrive with the launching of the Clinton campaign's effort to smear Donald Trump as a Kremlin 'puppet. ' You have to go all the way back to the earliest days of our Republic, when pro-British supporters of Alexander Hamilton were sliming the Jeffersonian Democrats with accusations that they were agents of the French revolutionaries, to come up with the historical equivalent of Hillary's 'you're a puppet' charges directed at Trump. And the media, being an auxiliary of the Clinton campaign, has been filled with even more virulent screeds purporting to 'prove' Trump is the Manchurian candidate . 
One way in which the new McCarthyism is very much like the old is that it threatens to poison the intellectual atmosphere in this country, endangering the very foundations of our free society and academic standards of free inquiry and debate. Emblematic of this trend is a tweet authored by Dan Drezner , professor of international relations at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, and a foreign affairs columnist at theWashington Post, in which he commented on a talk he heard at the Valdai conference, a regular event held in Russia focusing on Russo-American relations: 
'At Valdai, John Mearsheimer says the Chinese and Russians love his realism. 'I'm much more comfortable in Moscow than Washington!'" 
Mearsheimer is the R. Wendell Harrison Distinguished Service Professor of political science at the University of Chicago, the author of six books, and the leading theoretician of the school of international relations known as 'offensive realism.' He is, in short a scholar of some renown – and yet Drezner, considerably lower on the academic totem pole, feels empowered to slime him as somehow disloyal. How did we come to this sad state of affairs? 
The poisoning of a society with propaganda used to take some time: today, the process is much faster, due to technological innovation, and especially the rise of the Internet and the growth of social media. In the old days, the McCarthyites had to rely on print media and radio to smear those 'pinko college professors' and drive them out of academia. Today, someone like Drezner can sign in to their Twitter account and snark about how John Mearsheimer is more at home in Moscow and Beijing than in the good ol' US of A, and his thousands of Twitter followers get the idea – that Mearsheimer is somehow anti-American – in an instant (and in only twenty words!). 
The 'old' McCarthyism was dangerous because, in some cases, people were targeted unfairly: anybody with dissident views was suspect, and especially anyone with vaguely left-wing opinions. And McCarthyism, which in its original form saw the main danger to America to be internal, soon morphed into something else entirely: a movement that sought a military confrontation with the Soviet Union. Indeed, it was McCarthyism that was the bridge that allowed neoconservative interventionists to invade the conservative movement and displace the 'isolationism' of the Old Right. 
The new McCarthyism poses new dangers that are, perhaps, more virulent than the old version and will have more immediate consequences. The above-mentioned smear of Prof. Mearsheimer encapsulates what the dangers are to academia: in the 1950s, left-wing professors had at least some protection from populist McCarthyites in that academics tended to jealously guard their turf and protect their own from outside incursions. Today, with the elites pushing Russophobia, those protections fall by the wayside. 
Furthermore, the political class, where the new McCarthyism is rampant, has power – that is, it can translate its prejudices into policy more readily than any mass movement such as the one led by 'Tail-gunner Joe.' If Hillary Clinton and her advisors really believe that Putin is out to defeat her and elect her opponent, then what can we expect will happen to US-Russian relations if and when she's elected? 
And while the American people aren't exactly up in arms over the prospect of a 'Red Dawn' scenario unfolding in the streets of America's cities, the 'mainstream' media's longstanding anti-Russian crusade is clearly having an effect. A Pew poll shows that anti-Russian sentiment in the United States rose 'from 43% to 72% from 2013 to 2014.' The 'trickle down' effects of war propaganda work just as effectively as the 'trickle-up' model, if not more so. 
The real world consequences of a conflict with Russia, a nuclear-armed state, are fearsome to even contemplate: the political class in this country is playing a dangerous game of chicken, and they're playing it with our lives and the lives of every person on earth. 
Aside from the prospect of World War III, the effects of the new McCarthyism will be to distort our politics, infect our culture, and threaten our constitutional rights as Americans. It is entirely possible that a new witch-hunt will be launched by the Russia-haters in our midst, with a revived 'Un-American Activities Committee' replete with congressional hearings, as well as 'investigations' by law enforcement of 'pro-Russian''subversive' activities. With the media acting as a cheerleading section for these official and unofficial arbiters of political correctness, our future as a free society will be increasingly in doubt. 
Finally, the new McCarthyism underscores the cynicism, opportunism, and downright viciousness of our political class, and especially the media, which has done nothing to question and everything to bolster the Russophobic propaganda put out there by self-serving lobbyists and politicians. It truly is a sickening sight, made all the more so by the self-professed 'liberalism' of those who are in the vanguard of this revolting trend. 
What these folks should remember is that the 'old' McCarthyism was in large part a reaction to the ' Brown scare ' of the Roosevelt era, when 'isolationist' conservatives were smeared as 'agents of Hitler,' driven out of their jobs, and in some instances charged with 'sedition.' This bout of war hysteria was driven, first of all, by the Communist Party and its media contingent, which had become more-patriotic-than-thou when Hitler invaded the Soviet Union and the Communist line on the war changed overnight. However, when the world situation changed again, and the Soviets were in Washington's sights, the tables were abruptly turned – and Sen. McCarthy's crusade took off. 
The same thing can happen again. If the consequences of the new McCarthyism come to fruition in an armed conflict with Russia, or even a nuclear exchange, as Americans emerge from the radioactive wreckage they'll be looking for someone to blame – and scapegoats won't be that hard to find.  

ARTICLE

Politics Bombs Ready: The American Blob Is Already Oozing Into Syria 
The US foreign policy establishment is laying the groundwork for Hillary to send the US military against the Syrian state Originally appeared at The Week 
Syria is in absolute ruins. The ongoing civil war, a disorganized melee involving the Assad regime, various rebel groups, Russia, Iran, ISIS and other Islamists, Turkey, Kurdish forces, and the U.S., has been stuck in stalemate for month after month. Much of the country is in a state of utter collapse, hundreds of thousands have died, and refugees continue to pour into neighboring states and Europe. 
With the election of a militarist-inclined Hillary Clinton looking all but certain, the Blob — White House aide Ben Rhodes' apt name for the permanent D.C. foreign policy establishment — is quickly coalescing around a new consensus that existing U.S. intervention should be dramatically scaled up, as Eric Levitz writes . The central policy for this effort is a no-fly zone to be enforced by American air power . 
This is a seriously risky policy that stands little chance of meaningfully ameliorating the humanitarian disaster in Syria. But there's virtually nothing at this point that can be done to stop it. 
This long background article in Spiegel Online provides a great overview of the dizzying complexity of this conflict, and good context for the debate over escalation. At the risk of stating the obvious, the central factor in the endlessness of the war is that nobody has been able to win. This in turn is the result of a rough parity of support from outside powers, particularly Russia and the U.S. Along with Iran, the former regards Assad as a crucial regional ally and source of an important Russian naval base; without their support the Assad regime would have collapsed years ago. 
America's main concern, meanwhile, is fighting ISIS, done directly with U.S. forces and through Kurdish proxies, who have carved out a semi-autonomous Kurdish zone in northern Syria connected to Iraqi Kurdistan. 
This infuriates Turkey's ( increasingly unhinged ) President Erdogan, due to the longstanding feud between the Turkish government and Kurdish organizations in the south of that country. The Turkish military recently hit Kurdish forces outside Aleppo with airstrikes , killing dozens — right as the Iraqi military and Kurdish troops were in the middle of a long-planned effort to oust ISIS forces from Mosul . This almost can't be a coincidence, and no doubt infuriated U.S. commanders. 
Awkwardly, Assad's forces are also fighting ISIS, and responded to the Turkish bombardment with a threat to shoot down any more Turkish planes that violated Syrian airspace. 
In sum, this is a tremendously complicated conflict, with multiple shifting factions. The U.S. goals — defeat ISIS and remove Assad without helping radical Islamists — are directly at odds with each other. 
Let's grant for the sake of argument that the Blob is actually motivated by a desire to stop the bloodshed in Syria. (If they were, it would pressure the Saudi government to stop their disastrous war in Yemen instead of refueling their bombers, but that's a different story.) Here, their argument that hesitation on the part of President Obama has prolonged the conflict does have a grain of truth to it. If one great power or another had jumped in with overwhelming military force and steamrolled the opposition (or simply withdrawn from the conflict), the civil war could have ended years ago. 
The problem, of course, is what comes after that. Sufficient force to end the war would have meant either an invasion or occupation, which was a disastrous bloody failure in Iraq, or a heavy air power intervention only, which was a disastrous bloody failure in Libya. If there's anything the last 15 years of foreign policy history has shown, it is that the American military is extremely good at smashing organized military forces, and it is extremely bad at establishing any sort of lasting political order in the aftermath. 
And more fundamentally, if hesitation is really the problem, then a no-fly zone has the exact same problem as Obama's current policy. It's an escalation that is far short of the overwhelming force that would be necessary to impose peace on Syria. Why? Probably because the American public shows no sign of supporting the kind of force (read: a massive ground invasion) that would be necessary to impose peace on Syria. 
What a no-fly zone would do, however, is risk immediate conflict with Russia, which has been assisting Assad with lots of air power. It's disturbingly easy to imagine getting into a shooting war with the world's only other nuclear superpower over this. 
The general public apathy towards low-key military interventions gives the American president huge latitude to bomb and deploy special forces basically anywhere in the world — which is often devastating to the targeted communities . But the moment that creates large numbers of U.S. casualties, a political backlash is certain. Hillary Clinton, whose 2008 presidential campaign was lost because she supported the invasion of Iraq, probably realizes this, however grudgingly. 
Ultimately, the Blob does not really care about carnage in Syria. Its overwhelming priority is the use of military force, which it views as good by definition. The civil war there is just a convenient pretext. Non-military means to stop violence will be downplayed or ignored — just like the last several consecutive failures of military intervention were, and the probable upcoming failure of the Syrian intervention will be.   SYRIA: Kurds Repel Erdogan's Rebels, Lavrov Warns Ankara, Washington Shrugs Adam Hill Turks on Aleppo Approaches 6,289

ARTICLE

Welcome Back to a Bipolar World, Courtesy of a Moscow-Beijing-Tehran Axis 
America's 'unipolar moment' is over, but the long-awaited 'multipolar world' isn't quite yet here either Originally appeared at Strategic Culture Foundation 

The transition in the international order, from a pre-WWI multipolar world to a post-WWII bipolar world, cost humanity a world war involving millions of deaths. The next stage, distinct from the conflicts between the USSR and the US, ended with the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, but without the tragedy of direct confrontation. This fundamental historical difference has its own intrinsic logic governing the relationship of forces between powers. The USSR was a country in decline, unable to continue its role on the international stage as the premier anti-hegemonic power. 
The transition from a bipolar to a unipolar reality could have had nuclear consequences, but an agreement between the powers avoided this danger. The upshot was an unconditional surrender of the USSR, with catastrophic consequences in economic and cultural terms for the superpower to come to terms with, but at least without the explosion of a large-scale conflict. 
With the end of the bipolar model, however, began what some historians declared to be the « end of history »: the transition from a multipolar world, to a bipolar world, to end in a unipolar world. From the point of view of Washington, the story ended with only one global power remaining, thereby granting the United States the power to decide matters for the whole world. 
The scenario in which we live today, in terms of international law and the balance of forces, is almost unprecedented in history if looked at in the present context. It is true that the current transition from a unipolar to a multipolar reality is something similar to what has been seen in previous decades, with the transition from British hegemony in the late-nineteenth century to a multipolar situation in the period preceding the two world wars. Nevertheless, resorting to this historical analogy is difficult, given the relative absence of international rules compared to a century ago. Therefore it is difficult to use the earlier transition period to make assumptions about future trends. 
The causes of change 
The attitude of the US over the last 25 years has been focused completely on the achievement of global hegemony. The dream of having control over every event, in every corner of the world, has ironically led to accelerating the end of America's unipolar moment. Of course the deep meaning of the word "control" can be expanded upon, examining the merits of the cultural, economic and military impositions that result from a constant quest for global domination . 
The US has chosen an impassable road that is full of contradictions to justify their rise as a global power. In two decades we have witnessed the dismantling of all the key principles of the balance of power between Russia and the United States, necessitating the change in international relations from unipolar to multipolar. Similarly, the ratio of economic and military power between China and the United States has significantly worsened, culminating in the dangerous dispute over the South China Sea. The abandonment of the Kissinger doctrine governing relations with Beijing, and the failure of the Clinton reset with Moscow, have pushed two global powers, Russia and China, to forge an alliance that allows for a world where there are more powers on the international stage and not just Washington as the central focus of global relations. 
The failure of the foreign doctrine of the United States was a direct consequence of the arrogance and the utopia of being able to dominate the planet, seeking to extend indefinitely the unipolar moment and forging a worldwide system culturally and economically based on the will of Washington, reinforced by a power and military posture without precedent. 
Consequences 
Had Washington thought more carefully about the consequences of their actions, and thereby employed a more considered strategic vision, it would certainly have opted for different choices. As a demonstration of this, we note Washington's attitude in the Middle East, the deciding ground for prospects of continued US global hegemony. 
Much of Washington's remaining capacity to influence global decisions is attributable to the dollar and the trading of goods such as oil in that currency. With the appearance of a world with more regional or global powers, it is easy to guess that the rise of the Iranian Republic has consequences for the whole of the Middle East region. The odds are evident that Tehran, culturally, economically and militarily, will be the first regional power. Washington has realized this and has decided to reach an agreement with the Islamic Republic in order to remain relevant in the region and not to be cut off from future agreements. Washington also seeks, in doing so, to counterbalance the situation with her most influential regional allies, Saudi Arabia and Qatar. 
It is a strategy that in the Middle East has had a negative impact in the immediate present for Riyadh, Doha, and in some ways even Ankara, who have all opted for an autonomous and interventionist approach in the region without much consultation with Washington. Nevertheless, the choice to include Iran as a dialogue partner for the Middle East balance has allowed Washington to conserve the illusion that in the future it will maintain an important role in regional decisions. This is a decision that has created many problems with historic allies, but Washington hopes, with a view to the future, to have made an appropriate choice. This also explains why so many of the neoconservatives and liberals (the promoters of a prolonged unipolar doctrine, the cause of so many failures ) are clearly opposed to this agreement. 
Washington and its establishment have opted for a cultural and economic confrontation with Moscow, possibly militarily with Beijing in the South China Sea, in the process impelling the emergence of a multipolar world in which more powers have the ability, by joining together, to resist the will of the greater global power. In fact, it is easier to frame the international balance in a multipolar model that is slowly becoming bipolar. 
We consider that Russia and China (and to a lesser extent Iran) do not possess the military capability to successfully oppose American power in a conventional conflict on a grand scale. For this reason, it is easy to understand that shaping a multipolar international order perhaps remains quite optimistic at this time. It is similarly optimistic to maintain a unipolar world order that remains anchored in the illusions of the American elite. 
Reality rather shows us a bipolar world, where the alternative pole to the US is represented by the union and alliances (cultural, economic and military) of Beijing, Moscow and Tehran. And their partnership has resulted in a change in the pattern of international relations. The cause of this union is to be found in the will of the US elites to prolong their unipolar moment. Instead of opting for an agreement with another global power (probably China) and seal the international stage in a realistic model with two poles, facing no real opposition, Washington has exacerbated the differences by pushing countries like Russia, China, Iran and India closer and closer together, forging what currently might be termed a temporary bipolar model of world order. 
The certainty is that the future will turn fully into a multipolar model, and this obliges Washington to struggle in every way possible to remain relevant. To date, apart from nuclear agreements, every choice has been counterproductive and wrong. Will Washington's elites ever learn, or will they eventually become irrelevant?  

ARTICLE

 culture and political history.  "

ARTICLE

About Media skeptic After Abandoning Kurds to Erdogan's Invasion US Now Expects Them to Win the 'Race to Raqqa' for It 
But the Kurdish militias are saying they don't intend to expose themselves to a Turkish stab in the back Donate! The failure to give Turkey a red light comes back to bite 
US Secretary of Defense explained yesterday that the push to take ISIS capital in Raqqa, eastern Syria will begin within weeks. (And BTW Russia is not invited .) 
"It starts in the next few weeks," he said, referring to the timeline for an assault led by Arab and Kurdish fighters on ISIS' Syrian stronghold of Raqqa. "That has long been our plan and we will be capable of resourcing both." 
Carter added: "It's been long a part of our plan that the Mosul operation would kick off when it did. This was a plan that goes back many months now and that Raqqa would follow soon behind. " 
Take from this what you will. Perhaps this is empty talk to boost the Democrats' ISIS-fighting credentials and help Hillary on November 8. Perhaps it is a ruse of war meant to prevent ISIS from reinforcing Mosul from Syria. 
Or perhaps Ash Carter is actually serious. In which case I fear for Ash Carter. 
Americans have explained that when they mean they're going to take Raqqa that really means that Syrian Kurds are going to take Raqqa for them: 
"The only force that is capable on any near term timeline are the Syrian Democratic Forces, of which the YPG are a significant portion," said Army Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend in a news briefing. "We'll move soon to isolate Raqqa with the forces that are ready to go." 
In fact the Kurdish YPG are more than a "significant portion" of the SDF, they're easily 75% of its fighting strength, probably more. And herein lies the problem because even as US officials acknowledge Kurds aren't exactly eager to die so US can claim credit for expelling ISIS from a wholly non-Kurdish city. 
Arab forces are expected to be the ones to take the city itself, U.S. officials say. 
"Truthfully, the Kurds that I've dealt with don't intend – they're not comfortable going into Raqqa. They know they can play a role in shaping and isolating Raqqa but it's not their intent to be involved in the actual seizure of the city," the U.S. military official said. 
Here is a fact. If YPG doesn't want to enter Raqqa, then SDF can not enter Raqqa. The satellite Arab formations of the SDF have nowhere the strength to face off against the Caliphate. 
In fact what the Kurds have been saying recently is that they may be willing to march on Raqqa but it is going to cost the US a lot more in political support and military supplies than what they've been getting so far. SDF Spokesman Talal Ali Silo: 
Our target is wherever ISIS occupies. Currently, our targets are Dêra Zor and Raqqa. However, al-Bab Military Council is demanding our help. We will meet their demands for militaristic and logistic help. Raqqa Operation requires great power and opportunities. It requires a lot of preparation. 
We receive some aid, but it is limited and done covertly. We demanded that International Coalition forces and the US give militaristic and political support overtly and officially. We demanded advanced weaponry, missiles, armored vehicles, panzers etc. They have been promised, but not delivered. 
This was two weeks ago, however. Ie, before the Turkish and US-backed rebels attempted an offensive against the Kurdish Afrin enclave. -- Their most ferocious assault against the SDF so far. 
As Turkish artillery and aircraft pounded the Kurds in support of attacking Islamists the US limited itself to 'expressing concern', 'calling on all sides to stand down'. US State Department spokesman John Kirby : 
'We are concerned about reports of civilian casualties in recent air and artillery strikes in northern Syria. We call on all sides to stand down and focus on greater threats.' 
In other words, as far as we know the US didn't lift a finger to protect the SDF against Erdogan's 'Euphrates Shield'. Instead it was actually forced to issue denials that it was part of the offensive. 
If Turkish media is to be believed Assad actually did more to support the Kurds than the US. Turkish pro-Erdogan media claimed that a Syrian helicopter struck the Turkish-backed rebels killing 2 and wounding 5. Kurds also captured footage ( 1:18 ) of what appeared like a Russian Su-30 fighter in the area -- perhaps as a cover for the helicopter if such a strike indeed took place. 
At this point the Kurds aren't worrying about Raqqa. They're worrying about the next Turkish offensive, and how a push to Raqqa would expose them to that : 
Syria's Kurds fear a "stab in the back" by Turkey if they join a push to drive Islamic State from its Syrian capital of Raqqa, one of their chief political leaders told Reuters on Tuesday. 
"It is very important that Raqqa is liberated. But one point which is bothering us is that, if we go toward Raqqa, we will be stabbed from the back ," he said. 
So here is the deal for Syrian Kurds from the American Empire: Accept only limited recognition and political support. Only limited supplies of weapons of the type you already have. Expect even this limited support to not extend to your Afrin enclave. And in return you get to lose fighters you might very well need against Turkey so US can claim credit for expelling Islamist fanatics from an Arab city before Russia does. 
Good deal? Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Politics The EU's Nemtsov Forum Is a Phoney, Politicially Correct Waste of Time 
If the European Union desires to be a truly relevent center of international order, it should not waste the resources and time of diplomats and officials on dialogues with Russian émigrés who have nothing to do with the Russian government Originally appeared at East West Accord 
The European Union parliament often prides itself on being a model for international intergration on a global scale. Yet, the upcomong Boris Nemstov forum, billed as exemplifying EU-Russian dialogue, does not live up to the European parliament's lofty reputation. Rather than EU-Russia dialogue, the forum is an example of Europeans talking to themselves and failing to engage in real politics. 
The forum, which will be held late November of this year, appears to be less of a dialogue between the EU and Russia and more of a dialogue between the EU, itself and a who's who of Russians who have no political power in Moscow and no popular electoral mandate from the Russian people. A true EU-Russia dialogue would involve symetry. The Boris Nemstov forum is akin to an academic debate on quantum physics between the faculty of MIT and the 5th grade science class at Peabody school in Cambridge Massachusetts. If this is what passes for EU-Russia dialogue these days, then the European Union is in deep crisis. 
Over the course of the inception of the European Union, when the governments representing the various nations and peoples of Europe engaged in often difficult negotiations to achieve real compromise over economic, historical and political differences in pursuit of peace and progress, the EU was a serious political forum for international dialogue. Those times, and the serious statesmen who populated them, are long past. Public relations has taken the place of diplomacy and the easiest road is often labeled with the most hyperbolic, arrogant slogans. Thus the upcoming forum is billed as: 
'A platform for an improved EU-Russia dialogue to repair the important strategic relationship between Russia and the European Union by involving a pro-European generation of future Russian leaders whose commitment and vision will make this possible.' 
The European Union is a political-legal entity, as are the EU ambassadors lent their support to the forum. The platform is billed as EU-Russia dialogue. Yet where are the representatives of the Russian Federation, the political-legal entity which represents the Russian people and even has a seat in the UN security council? Will the Russian ambassador take part in the EU-Russia dialogue? Will Russian deputies to the Duma who actually represent the Russian people take part in the EU-Russia dialogue during the forum? 
At present, initiating a serious dialogue between the EU and Russia is abysmaly difficult because the European Union has committed itself to economic sanctions against Russia which include a ban on travel to the EU for large portions of the Russian government and business elite. Of course, the European Union parliament apparently thinks it can get around this problem by meeting with a 'pro-European generation of future Russian leaders.' 
One wonders just how the EU knows these particular individuals (whose website boldly proclaims that the interests of the elected President of Russia are not those of the Russian people) themselves represent Russia's true interest and will – in future – be swept to power? Precedent for such thinking on the part of Western Europeans exists: in 1918 one of the 'pro-European generation of future Russian leaders,' Lenin, was swiftly sent to Moscow by the faltering German Empire to replace the Tsar, who's interest- Lenin and his Western European allies felt- were not the interests of the Russian people. The result was a bloody Russian civil war which made the XXth century into the most deadly in all human history. 
History, like real politics, are not currently popular amongst Brussels elites. Events like the Borys Nemstov forum are exercises in political naivety. They are not serious dialogue. Serious European-Russian dialogue can be found in Berlin, Paris and Minsk. It is there that the German Chancellor and the French President routinely hold talks with the President of Russia. These talks are not easy. These talks are not self-flattering festivals of wishful thinking. These talks are real politics: hard negotiations about life and death issues at the heart of the future of Europe. 
If the European Union desires to be a truly relevent center of international order, it should not waste the resources and time of diplomats and officials on dialogues with Russian émigrés who have nothing to do with the Russian government. The EU should organize real international conferences where ambasadors meet ambasadors and members of parliament meet members of the Duma. A civic forum bringing together common people of different political persuasions is likewise commendable. A forum of government officials meeting with the enemies of another country's government officials is hardly a model of good diplomacy. 
In principle there is of course nothing inappropriate about hosting different groups of different political persuasions from Russia, but in this time of declining international order and the looming prospect of a new Cold War it is highly ill advized to pretend that a meeting between officials from a supposedly serious international body such as the EU and a group of ragtag émigré Russian revolutionaries is representative of 'EU-Russian dialogue.' If anything, the upcoming Boris Nemstov forum in Brussels is symbolic of the political impotence of European institutions and the terrible crisis of EU-Russia relations.  

ARTICLE

LinkedIn Could Soon Be Banned in Russia 
Business networking site LinkedIn refuses to utilize Russian servers, and collects information on people without their consent Originally appeared at RT 
The world's largest professional network LinkedIn could soon be blocked in Russia. The company has failed to comply with a law that obliges companies to keep data on Russian users in the country. 
Apart from not moving servers to Russia, LinkedIn collects and sends information about people who are not users of the network without their consent, according to the Russian internet watchdog Roskomnadzor. 
"We are seeking a court order to block LinkedIn. We twice sent requests in the summer, but they did not provide answers to our questions," said Roskomnadzor spokesman Vadim Ampelonskiy in an interview with the TASS news agency. 
According to the spokesman, Moscow's Tagansky District Court has ruled in favor of the watchdog, but LinkedIn has appealed to a higher court. 
'If the appellate court upholds the judgment, and it will no longer be appealed, the decision will enter into force within 30 days. We will include the appropriate IP address in the register of violators of the personal data rights, which means blocking,'Ampelonskiy said. The decision will be announced on November 10. 
The watchdog will remove the ban, if the social network provides information that it has fulfilled the law and moved servers with data about Russians to the country. 
"This is the first company we are suing in court. In future we will use the same mechanism in relation to other companies,"the spokesman said. 
Roskomnadzor also told Kommersant daily that another reason for the lawsuit was "numerous publications in the media about repeated leaks of user data from the social network." 
In May, website Haker.ru reported the sale of 167 million stolen LinkedIn accounts, and passwords for 117 million accounts on the dark web. LinkedIn said the leak happened in 2012, and passwords have now been updated. 
LinkedIn is the world's largest business and employment oriented social network. As of 2015, it had 400 million users with 5 million people registered in Russia. 
 

ARTICLE

The Central Bank sees Russia's moving up in the Doing Business rating as a good sign, Deputy CEO of the Central Bank Vladimir Chistyukhin told reporters. 
"That is a very significant leap and a very positive sign for us. It shows that the efforts we made in many fields, in particular in corporate management were not in vain," he said. 
Earlier this week it was reported that Russia moved up to the 40th position in the Doing Business-2017 rating, which is annually prepared by the World Bank. 
In 2012, Russia ranked 124th in that rating. 
In his May decrees issued in 2012 President Vladimir Putin set the task for the country to reach the 20th position in the rating of the World Bank by 2018. 
In 2016, Russia was on the 51st place in the Doing Business rating. 
However the methods of calculation of the World Bank's rating changed earlier this year. Taking into account these changes Russia could have been on the 36th place already in 2015.  

ARTICLE

Politics Poland Establishing New Territorial Defense Force to Fight 'Russian Threat' 
Poland's right-wing government is creating a new military arm to counter the supposed Russian threat, as well as planning to double the size of Poland's armed forces Originally appeared at Sputnik 
The Polish government has given a final go-ahead to the planned creation of a territorial defense force, which local media were quick to call the 'personal army' of Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz. Sputnik Poland discussed the issue with Polish politician and commentator Mariusz Olszewski. 
' Macierewicz is a very efficient politician and defense minister and his ability to place [the territorial defense force] under his personal command, rather that the president's is nothing short of a political masterpiece, ' Mariusz Olszewski told Sputnik Poland. 
He added that the new force was obviously meant for use inside the country against the so-called 'death squads' trying to destabilize the political situation in the country. 
'If this is really what is happening, then the government's fears are fully justified,' Olszewski chuckled. 
In the event of an armed conflict the territorial defense units will be called up to secure their designated areas, stamp out attempts to stoke up ethnic and religious conflicts and attempts to destabilize the country. 
When asked whether it means that the Territorial Defense Force (TDF) would serve as a kind of 'personal police' for the ruling Law and Justice party, Mariusz Olszewski said that it would rather serve the national security minister. 
'The very list of threats the TDF is supposed to deal with looks a bit strange though as we have no internal threats, neither have we any regional or ethnic minorities here,' Olszewski said, adding that the real threat to the powers-that-be came from people who 'use Western money to destabilize the country through media 'death squads' and challenge the constitutional order in Poland.' 
'I am also worried by Ukrainian media saying that it could take the Polish army just five days to reach the border of the Second Polish Republic [prior to 1939 — Ed.]. This is exactly the kind of misinformation Western propaganda was spreading about Russian troops needing just 24 hours to reach Warsaw. Someone is trying to pit Eastern European countries against each other, to make people believe that war is imminent,' Mariusz Olszewski warned. 
While admitting that security was something no country should ignore, he added that a country the size of Poland might need a territorial defense force, but only as a backup to the regular forces, 'not as the mainstay of national defense as our defense ministry wants us to believe. This is either someone's mistake or just a PR stunt.' 
'Poland needs ground forces, an Air Force and, to a lesser extent, a Navy. As for territorial defense, it is just a smokescreen meant to hide what is really happening in our army,' Mariusz Olszewski emphasized . 
The Territorial Defense Force (TDF) is a planned military reserve component of the Polish armed forces which is currently being formed. 
Plans call for the force, once fully active, to consist of 35,000 part-time volunteers. Poland plans to deploy the new territorial defense units on its eastern border and to transfer the acting brigades there with an eye to becoming one of the largest NATO armies in Europe. 
Defense Minister Antoni Macierewicz said that the deployment was aimed against Russia, describing it as a "measured, proportionate" response to "the prospect of aggressive Russian action." 
He also supports the idea of significantly boosting the Polish armed forces, from the current 80,000 servicemen to some 150,000.  

ARTICLE

Russia Delivers Another 400 Tons of Humanitarian Aid to Donbass 
As you can see, Moscow is continuing its 'invasion' of Ukraine Originally appeared at Sputnik 
Russian Emergencies Ministry's trucks have delivered some 400 tons of humanitarian aid to eastern Ukrainian Donetsk and Luhansk, ministry's press service said Thursday. 
'Over 40 trucks have arrived in Donetsk and Luhansk, carrying over 400 tons of humanitarian aid, mostly food and medicine,' the press service said. 
Since 2014, when the internal Ukrainian conflict erupted, Russia delivered over 64,000 tons of humanitarian aid to local residents, helping to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe.  

ARTICLE

John Kirby and the US State Department Blatantly Support Terrorists 
Kirby and the State Department serve as apologists and white-washers for barbarism Originally appeared at New Eastern Outlook 
The US government, together with the MSM, blatantly supports terrorists. The nexus between politicians, terrorism and the media is well known to the intelligence community. However these links and cozy connections are usually written off as mere coincidence. We are told that the arms and funding which they illegally receive are but an accidental by-product of supporting 'freedom fighters,' and that no one planned for these groups to be transformed into terrorist organisations. 
This is but the tip of the iceberg as nowadays Radical Islamists are now just considered as rebels by the main stream media or described as 'spoilers' by the US State Department, whose main spokesman, John Kirby just recently referred to Al-Nusra in East Aleppo as a spoiler to the ceasefire in Syria . 
The way the US government and the MSM support terrorists is nothing that should come as any surprise. And this is not accidental, because a specific spokesperson has been appointed to run this media spin operation. 
Meet John Kirby – the man who will call terrorism by anything other than what it is 
Retired Rear Admiral Kirby is the official US State Department Spokesperson. He is a graduate of the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island, rather than the US Naval Academy at Annapolis, and holds degrees in history, international relations, national security and strategic studies. He has worked in information-based roles throughout his armed forces career, though usually speaking to the goverment rather than the public, and the steady, year-on-year increases in US military spending show he has been very effective in this role. 
Kirby was once a Pentagon spokesman. He used to be a Pentagon spokesman, well positioned to present sensitive information in non-controversial packages for mass public consumption. The Pentagon is hardly likely to tell us the truth about the things the public should be interested in: rows between generals, unauthorised or illegal actions or what the generals really think about the politicians they serve. But it has a press service regardless, so has to turn all that into something benign and equally interesting, as far as security clearance will allow. 
This is why, under Kirby's direction, radical Islamist groups which commit acts which meet any definition of terrorism, even if you agree with their cause, are now referred to simply as 'rebels' by the mainstream media, or 'spoilers' by the State Department. Listen to this example: Kirby referring to Al-Nusra as a 'spoiler' to the ceasefire in East Aleppo . 
He also has a neat trick for minimising terrorism: he refers to Daesh by the silly name Dash, a word Americans are familiar with from athletics, which conjures up images of educated young people in running gear rather than hooded terrorists murdering, beheading and marauding. His statements about Dash are really questionable. 
People probably think they are funny, what about those families of the beheaded people and those killed by ISIS, would they find it funny? It is sick. Readers should be disgusted with Kirby. 
Perhaps these guys think they have the terrorists controlled and managed. However when you tell the public we are at war with radical Islamists, and Al Nusra and others are on the terrorist watch list, why are these 'national security experts' allowed to give them the a pass as if allies? The key is that we have allies that are radical Islamists who have attacked us and lots of others. Those allies are supporting the conflict in Syria . 
Western governments are always telling their public that we are at war with radical Islamists, and that Al Nusra and other groups are designated terrorists and will be eliminated (they are on a kill list). All kinds of actions are taken in the name of fighting terrorism, and Western soldiers are sent to die in faraway places doing it. 
So why is Kirby, presented as a 'national security expert', allowed to talk about them as if they are cuddly allies, or so insignificant that they are hardly worth the billions being spent fighting them? 
Terratwitter army 
Wars are by definition controversial, and always attract comment. Everyone has an opinion about a given conflict, and an important point, as they see it, to make. So there is always an endless stream of people who could be called upon to comment in the media. The only way to give any credibility to the contributor chosen is to present them as having some particular qualification, and Kirby's title unquestionably gives him one. 
There will also be those up close to the action who disagree with anything Kirby says, including many of the troops the State Department has sent to fight in these conflicts. However there is more than one way to skin a cat. 
If Homeland Security wants to track down some actual terrorists then they should look at the source of Twitter feeds, and you will find all shapes and forms, many are members of the Islamist Front. It is clear that even some very prominent main stream journalists are actually supporting 'rebels' by engaging with them in these learned exchanges. 
Have you ever noticed how certain articles and statements attract a large number of comments saying the same thing? These are allegedly from members of the public, and therefore by inference 'neutral', the response of the man or woman in the street rather than an interested party. However this 'vox pop' system is easy to manipulate, and there is plenty of evidence this is actually happening.. 
Many of the Twitter feeds and comments about conflicts involving terrorists, allegedly from 'the general public', are actually from members of the Islamic Front, and can be traced back to them. One example is the Twitter account Monther@amirramzi. Yet mainstream journalists do not call these individuals out as such. They engage with them as if they are impartial observers whose observations prove the points made in their articles, which the commenters just happen to have read, amongst the dozens available at any given time, when they have plenty of other things to do with their lives. 
A State Department Spokesman has a long reach. You have to have a lot of weapons in place to take on the Pentagon, even in a verbal battle. Are we to believe that all these journalists are working with the Islamic Front independently, without help from above? 
Too good for their own good 
No one wants to live under a repressive regime. Consequently it is very easy to convey the notion that a 'rebel' is simply a decent person fighting against injustice, as every individual likes to think they themselves are. People tend to make this connection without looking any deeper, and it takes a lot more effort than most casual observers are willing to make to go into the details of any conflict, and build a counter-narrative to the one presented by the mainstream media. 
The term 'rebel' is used to cover all kinds of combatants in Syria. It includes both the 'moderate opposition' and self-avowed terrorists. In order to make this fiction stand up, a lot of claims need to be made and a lot of things not reported, as they would counter the picture of a homogenous group of decent people taking a stand which is so obvious it does not need to be explained. 
It is rarely reported that the moderate opposition was persuaded to reject a UN plan to kick out Al Nusra, who are as much a threat to the ambitions of the moderate opposition as the Syrian government is. The opposition to Assad is now forcibly led by the terrorists the West claims to be fighting, because the more moderate forces have been subjected to it by the same West. This is why Kirby refers to Daesh as Dash – he is implying that the moderate forces are fully in agreement with it, and this somehow makes it something other than a terrorist group, in the same way Al Qaeda has been partially rehabilitated by saying its name over and over again until it becomes as familiar as breakfast to the reading public. 
Similarly the word 'Christian' is bandied about for an American audience which is increasingly influenced by the religious right which mushroomed as a backlash to failed liberalism. Kirby and his assistants claim that Christians are being persecuted by Assad the Muslim, without going into exactly who is meant by 'Christians', and what the ramifications of holding that faith are. 
Most Syrian Christians describe themselves as Orthodox, but they are split into two very different groups. One is under the Patriarchate of Antioch, based in Damascus, and the other is under either the Jacobite Syrian church or the Nestorian Assyrian church, which have been outside the mainstream Orthodox communion since the 5th century. Politically these are very different animals – the Church of Antioch uses Arabic in its services as part of a deal with the state for protection, whereas the Syrians generally use Syriac and the Nestorians Aramaic. Nor do they receive the same protection, being treated as suspicious minorities by the Syrian state. 
It is this which lies behind the kidnapping and ongoing detention of two bishops, the Syrian Church's Archbishop John Ibrahim and the Church of Antioch's Metropolitan Paul Yazigi, who have been held by ISIS since 2013. This is intended to convey the idea that all Christians are the same, and all must therefore hate Assad. We are told that the whereabouts of these two bishops are unknown, but we were told the same about Terry Waite, the Church of England peace envoy who was held captive in Beirut for five years by the Islamic Jihad Organisation. 
On that occasion, with all the sophisticated weapons targeting systems and intelligence at its disposal, the West couldn't find one captive in a city its raids demonstrated it knew backwards. Bishop Paul is the Metropolitan of Aleppo, strangely enough. 
Too many friends to be true 
The radical Islamists presented as cuddly flies in the ointment by Kirby are sponsored by external governments. We are often told that these include those of Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Qatar. Many questions have been raised in Western countries about having state sponsors of terrorism as allies, and what those states' real attitude to terrorism therefore is . Minimising the actions of these groups is therefore a domestic political imperative, not merely a foreign relations or security one, for Western governments. 
This is why Channel 4 News published the report 'Aleppo – Up Close With The Rebels' on October 5th. It was an attempt to promote known war criminals and child murderers and thus cleanse their actions, and those of the governments who support them and supply them with the means of committing them. When people started recognising certain faces in the video, and connecting them to actions which had caused journalists to question the US government's support for this particular rebel group, Channel 4 removed its own report, most unusually . It has not however changed its editorial policy, and presents other groups with similar records in the same way in spite of this. 
There is also a connection with John Kerry's recent discussions with Saudi foreign minister Adel al-Jubeir. It is known that the 28 classified pages of the US government's official 9\11 report, kept from public view, deal with the role Saudi Arabia played in those attacks. Now Kerry and al-Jubeir are trying to prevent the new Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act from having any effect. 
If it is actually enacted, JASTA will restrict sovereign immunity and make it easier for individuals to prosecute the Saudi state over 9\11, on the basis of the official report. It will also make it easier for other countries to pass parallel legislation which will result in the US being prosecuted for its own actions. This may explain why Obama vetoed the bill, and it was only passed over his veto. 
Now Kerry is trying to fix it so that the bill never comes into effect . If it was enacted, it could have a significant effect on future conflicts by enabling those who believe the actions of a sovereign nation, such as Syria, are criminal to pursue them through legal rather than military avenues. This is the option most 'moderate' groups would doubtless prefer. This gives the US military-industrial complex, the only people to profit from any war, every motive for presenting radical terrorists as reasonable, sensible people doing a sensible thing. 
Everyone wins except the future 
Most terrorist groups would be equally radical in behaviour but not be able to achieve as much if just let to their own devices, as they would have neither the weaponry nor the intelligence support. The only reason terrorists who are happy to be martyred by the Western infidels accept their support is because it somehow legitimises them, and they can hope for future favours. 
Menachem Begin, former Israeli PM and Nobel Prize Winner for Peace, was still wanted in the UK for a Zionist bombing when he attended the Leeds Castle Middle East peace negotiations in 1978, but by then enjoyed the dignity of then being a Prime Minister rather than a terrorist, because the West said so . 
John Kirby is still serving the purposes of the Pentagon by presenting terrorists as reasonable, insignificant forces. Not only is he continuing the US sponsorship of terrorism by doing this, he is justifying the billions spent on fighting this apparently insignificant threat. Now the Pentagon can have unlimited funds to spend on anything it can sell to the public. 
Isn't this a wonderful picture once you connect the dots? 'US mainstream media — the playground of spooks and hacks. A propaganda arm of the regime indeed — but that's not nearly all of it ….' 
Seems the terrorists have jokes of their own, and they are no laughing matter. Enemies are easy to manufacture, same as 'manufacturing consent', especially when you know your audience. It is also easy to turn them into friends in the same way. All you need to do is co-ordinate the effort like a military campaign. 
Who better than John Kirby to tell us what's what before we have the time to work it out for ourselves?  

ARTICLE

Politics US, Russia to Meet to Discuss Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty 
The US has accused Russia of breaking the INF Treaty and summoned a special meeting, but as of yet Washington has provided no evidence of Russian violations Originally appeared at Strategic Culture Foundation 
The United States has called for a special meeting with Russia over alleged violations of the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty - a landmark Cold War-era agreement. 
Washington wants the Special Verification Commission (SVC) to discuss the problems related to the treaty's compliance. The event is expected to take place in mid-November. The INF set up the Special Verification Commission as a way to deal with disputes surrounding the treaty. Ukraine, Belarus and Kazakhstan can also attend the meeting because they housed intermediate range missiles before the disintegration of the Soviet Union and remain parties to the treaty. No SVC meeting has been convened since 2003. 
Russia welcomes the United States' offer. «We have responded positively», said Mikhail Ulyanov, the head of Foreign Ministry's Non-Proliferation and Arms Control Department. 
The treaty, which bans testing, producing, and possessing ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles with ranges between 500 to 5,500 kilometers, eliminated an entire class of missiles from Europe, and set up an extensive system of verification and compliance. 
Two years ago, the United States first asserted that Russia was in violation of the treaty, by developing a missile system that fell within the INF prohibitions. 
Last year, Rose Gottemoeller, the Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security, said that Russia risked provoking «military and economic countermeasures» if it continued to stonewall the INF issue. 
The US has not released any specifics about which exactly Russian missile is the source of the violation. It should be noted that if Washington cannot present compelling evidence of the Russian non-compliance, the United States could be seen by the world as the party that killed the INF Treaty. The only thing the State Department has said is that an unspecified Russian ground-launched cruise missile breaches the agreement. 
The issue has been in focus of US media outlets recently. For instance, an article published by The New York Times on October 19 said « Russia appears to be moving ahead with a program to produce a ground-launched cruise missile». 
According to the article, «the concern goes beyond those raised by the United States in July 2014, when the Obama administration said that Russia had violated the 1987 treaty on Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces». On the very same day, The Wall Street Journal chimed in saying «The US is escalating a dispute with Russia over its accusations that Moscow possesses banned missile technology». 
On October 17, two top House Republican chairmen - House Armed Services Committee Chairman Mac Thornberry (Texas) and House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes (Calif.) – wrote a letter to the US president saying «It has become apparent to us that the situation regarding Russia's violation has worsened, and Russia is now in material breach of the treaty». 
Russia, in turn, has accused the US of violating the pact. According to Russia's officials, the Aegis Ashore missile defense system that the US has activated in Romania and plans to install in Poland represents a violation of the treaty. 
Aegis Ashore uses the naval Mk-41 launching system, which is capable of firing long-range cruise missile. This is a blatant violation of the INF Treaty provisions. 
The treaty bans launchers capable of firing intermediate range missiles. Mk-41s deployed in Europe may launch short and intermediate range cruise missiles deep into Russian territory. A US intermediate range weapon launched from Romania or Poland would require only a short flight time to reach beyond the Urals. Russia has also said that American armed drones violate the treaty. 
The US plans to arm tactical aviation in Europe with modernized B61-12 guided warheads will virtually nullify all the benefits of the INF Treaty from the point of view of Russia's security. The aircraft could fly from bases in Lithuania, Estonia and Poland to Russia's largest cities in 15-20 minutes – not that much longer than the flight time of the missiles scuttled by the INF treaty. 
If the US really wants the talks to produce a positive result, all these concerns should be part of the agenda. 
The SVC meeting will take place against the background of Russia's withdrawal from the plutonium disposal deal with the US because of Washington's non-compliance, recent movement of nuclear-capable Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad , rising tensions over NATO's ground forces to deploy near Russian borders in 2017, US withdrawal from the agreement over Syria and apparent disintegration of arms control regime. 
Only political unity among the major global powers can reverse the disintegration process. Non-compliance, technical or material, is not the only problem the INF faces. Russia and the US adherence to the treaty's provisions does not prevent other countries from efforts to acquire ground-based intermediate range nuclear capability. The treaty should become multilateral. Russia and the US could cooperate in an effort to reach this goal with the help of the United Nations. It may be kind of forgotten today as so many things have happened since then, but in October 2007 Russia and the United States issued a joint statement to call on all countries to join a global INF Treaty addressing the First Committee (Disarmament and International Security) of the UN General Assembly. 
Setting the existing differences aside, the parties could revive the process in an effort to involve other states. 
The SVC meeting may become a venue for addressing other issues related to arms control. The concerns are there. Candid talk is the best way to address the burning problems of mutual interest. 
The US has demonstratively refused to discuss the host of problems related to the ballistic missile defense in Europe. 
This stance is erroneous. The US should change its approach to the problem. The two great powers do need a venue for arms control dialogue. The reached agreement to restart contacts within the framework of SVC against the background of US presidential election gives hope that the tide may gradually turn.  

ARTICLE

Politics Paul Craig Roberts: 'Putin's Nukes Could Wipe Out Entire East Coast' (PODCAST) 
If the US thinks it can continually transgress against Russia until Moscow gives in, it is gravely mistaken Originally appeared at Zero Hedge 
Suffice to say, though children are at play, this is not a game. 
Those who have been toying with outright war against Russia, and an escalation of the conflict in Syria, are putting the lives of all Americans at risk. 
Of course, the threat of nuclear annihilation has been with us since the earliest days of the Cold War, but Russia has now positioned itself with the largest and most destructive nuclear arsenal of any country in the world. 
Economist and political critic Dr. Paul Craig Roberts explains how diplomatic relations have broken between Russia and the United States, after the U.S. knowingly attacked pro-Assad Syria forces… that, of course, was the cherry on top of a host of insults, deliberate antagonism and a strategy that could only result in further chaos and war. 
The end of negotiations is unfortunately, given that fighting it out could mean thermonuclear war that would make Hiroshima and Nagasaki look trivial in comparison. 
After a period of some patience, Russia is now warning that the United States is dangerously close to turning a proxy war into a direct world war – and they are deadly serious about defending the motherland and their sworn allies – namely Assad. 
Any further attack could result in immediate destruction. 
Putin is a formidable opponent and Russia a powerful enemy. At present time, they have the capability of wiping the entire East Coast of the United States off the map – where more than 100 million people live. Will the ranking misleaders in Washington continue to gamble with all of our lives? 
VLADIMIR Putin's nuclear stockpile could completely destroy the east coast of the US in one clean swipe should the Russian leader launch an attack on the West, an expert has warned. 
A staggering 112.6million people could be at risk of extermination from the deadly missiles. 
Russia has the largest haul of nuclear weapons of any country in the world and reportedly has the most powerful bomb named the SS-18 – menacingly nicknamed the Satan. 
Experts estimate Russia has 55 of the deadly weapons, but only five would be needed to destroy the East Coast of the US. 
[…] 
'Five or six of these 'Satans' as they are known by the US military, and the East Coast of the United States disappears.' 
Dr Roberts said: 'The atomic bombs that Washington dropped on these helpless civilian centres while the Japanese government was trying to surrender, were mere popguns compared to today's thermo-nuclear weapons. 
What's more, the Russian have hinted strongly at the possibility that they would be able to disable electronics, communications and defense shields in the U.S. via electromagnetic warfare – perhaps an EMP . 
Worst of all, the American misleaders haven't even got a good reason for putting the population at such a risk – strategy in the middle east is muddied at best, and prodding for war with Russia doesn't carry a clear narrative either. 
The world could change, and American power could end in a few decisive minutes. 
Hopefully it would never come to that, but we shouldn't live in a false world where we pretend these situations can't harm us. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Military Silent But Deadly - Russia Developing Devastating 'Carrier Killer' Torpedo 
While shrouded in secrecy, the 'Khishchnik' is thought to have characteristics that are an improvement on those of the well-known Shkval torpedo Originally appeared at RBTH 
In early October, Russian military analysts reported that a group of designers working for the navy were completing work on a completely new high-speed torpedo. The widely-known Shkval ('Squall') torpedo, which for a long time was a global leader in terms of speed and the destructive force of its warhead, will be replaced by a new torpedo, called Khishchnik ('Predator'). 
No specific information is available yet on what the new torpedo is like and what its technical characteristics are: The project is classified. It is only known that it is being developed by the Elektropribor design bureau, which specializes in aviation technology. 
The connection is not accidental – after all, what is being developed is not just a torpedo but what is in effect an underwater missile whose engine has a lot in common with its airborne equivalents. One thing is certain: In terms of its main specifications, the Khishchnik will exceed its famous predecessor, the Shkval. 
Underwater record breaker 
The project brief to develop a fundamentally new torpedo capable of carrying a nuclear warhead was issued in the USSR back in the 1970s. The resulting Shkval torpedo was accepted into service in 1977 and, despite its venerable age, remains the world's record breaker among underwater projectiles. 3601159_original.jpg The Shkval torpedo / Source: Anatoly Sokolov / Oruzhie Rossii 
An ordinary torpedo has a speed of no more than 140 kilometers per hour (87 mph), which allows a ship targeted by it to maneuver and avoid being hit. The Shkval, however, leaves the enemy practically no chance: Its speed is nearly three times the speed of a standard torpedo. This means that a targeted ship has just a third of the standard time for maneuver. In real naval combat that means a nearly inevitable hit. 
The secret of the Shkval's speed is in its special engine, which runs on solid fuel. While an ordinary torpedo gains speed with the help of spinning propellers, the Shkval uses supercavitation. A special design of its engine makes it possible to achieve a unique physical effect, whereby a gas bubble forms around the moving torpedo. That allows the projectile to move virtually in a vacuum, minimizing drag. 
The Shkval torpedo remains one of the top-secret Russian military designs. Although it has been in operation for nearly 40 years, some of its technical characteristics continue to be classified. It is therefore not surprising that it was Shkval-related documents that featured in an early 2000s spy scandal involving U.S. businessman Edmond Pope. 
That said, most of the attempts to replicate this torpedo abroad have failed. It was only in 2005 that the German Navy received an underwater rocket with specifications close to those of the Shkval, though even then it failed to beat its Russian equivalent in terms of speed. 
Cold War legacy in the 21st century 
Like many other military designs that originated in the Cold War, the Shkval has outlived the Soviet-U.S. global confrontation. It was originally created as a Soviet response to the development of U.S. naval air defense. Soviet aviation was no match for the powerful American navy and reactive torpedoes emerged as a know-how aimed to make up for that deficiency. 
As an effective anti-naval weapon, the Shkval remains popular still. Back in 1992, Russian designers developed a dedicated export version of the torpedo. This is somewhat inferior to the original in terms of its range and speed but is still superior to foreign equivalents. 
And yet the Shkval has considerable potential for improvement. It has a relatively short firing range and the depth capability of its carrier is limited. This makes a Shkval-enabled submarine susceptible to active enemy defense. A torpedo traveling at a high speed generates noise that makes it easy to detect it. Finally, it does not have a homing guidance system. 
One can assume that all these considerations were taken into account in the development of the Khishchnik. After all, things that were technically impossible 40 years are quite achievable today.  

ARTICLE

Trump claims that Clinton's policy on Syria would lead to World War 3. 
Let's fact check … 
The Washington Post points out that a vote for Clinton is a vote for escalating military confrontation in Syria and elsewhere: 
In the rarefied world of the Washington foreign policy establishment, President Obama's departure from the White House — and the possible return of a more conventional and hawkish Hillary Clinton — is being met with quiet relief. 
The Republicans and Democrats who make up the foreign policy elite are laying the groundwork for a more assertive American foreign policy, via a flurry of reports shaped by officials who are likely to play senior roles in a potential Clinton White House. 
*** 
The studies, which reflect Clinton's stated views, break most forcefully with Obama on Syria …. call[ing] for stepped-up military action to deter President Bashar al-Assad's regime and Russian forces in ­Syria. 
*** 
Most of the studies propose limited American airstrikes with cruise missiles to punish Assad …. 
*** 
Last year, Obama dismissed calls for a no-fly zone in northwestern Syria — a position advocated by Clinton — as ' half-baked .' 
*** 
Even pinprick cruise-missile strikes designed to hobble the ­Syrian air force or punish Assad would risk a direct confrontation with Russian forces, which are scattered throughout the key ­Syrian military bases that would be targeted. 
'You can't pretend you can go to war against Assad and not go to war against the Russians,' said a senior administration official who is involved in Middle East policy and was granted anonymity to discuss internal White House deliberations. 
The most liberal presidential candidate still running – Green Party candidate Jill Stein – says: 
She explains : 
Hillary Clinton wants to start an air war with Russia. Let's be clear: That's what a no-fly zone means. It is tantamount to a declaration of war against Russia. 
*** 
Clearly the Democrats are incredibly embarrassed about the nature of these [email] revelations, and they've created a smokescreen here to try and distract from that. But that smokescreen is pushing us to the brink of warfare with Russia now, where you have the U.S. head of defense, Ashton Carter, talking about nuclear war. We just did a dry run dropping fake nuclear bombs over Nevada. This is really dangerous stuff; this is not pretend. So we need to take a deep breath here, we need to step back and stop beating the war drums. In this context, Hillary Clinton is talking about starting an air war with Russia. Which could slide—you know, we're on the verge of nuclear war right now. 
*** 
The most likely nuclear threat right now is with Russia. There's no doubt about that. When you have Mikhail Gorbachev, who was the prime minister of the Soviet Union during the Cold War, saying that the threat of nuclear war is hotter now than it has ever been in all of history, you've got to take that pretty seriously. And when you have Hillary Clinton then beating the war drums against Russia, and essentially saying that if she's elected that we will declare war on Russia—because that's what a no-fly zone over Syria amounts to. Shooting down Russian warplanes. 
*** 
Hillary Clinton is a disastrous nuclear threat right now in a context where we're already off-the-charts in the risk of nuclear war. She has stated in this context that she's essentially opening up a battlefront with Russia. So to my mind, this emerges as the clearest and most present danger. 
Prominent liberal economist Jeffrey Sachs writes in the Huffington Post, in an essay bannered 'Hillary Is the Candidate of the War Machine': 
It is often believed that the Republicans are the neocons and the Democrats act as restraints on the warmongering. This is not correct. Both parties are divided between neocon hawks and cautious realists who don't want the US in unending war. Hillary is a staunch neocon whose record of favoring American war adventures explains much of our current security danger. 
Just as the last Clinton presidency set the stage for financial collapse, it also set the stage for unending war. On October 31, 1998 President Clinton signed the Iraq Liberation Act that made it official US policy to support 'regime change' in Iraq. 
It should be the policy of the United States to support efforts to remove the regime headed by Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq and to promote the emergence of a democratic government to replace that regime. 
Thus were laid the foundations for the Iraq War in 2003. 
Of course, by 2003, Hillary was a Senator and a staunch supporter of the Iraq War, which has cost the US trillions of dollars, thousands of lives, and done more to create ISIS and Middle East instability than any other single decision of modern foreign policy. In defending her vote, Hillary parroted the phony propaganda of the CIA: 
'In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including Al Qaeda members…' 
After the Iraq Liberation Act came the 1999 Kosovo War, in which Bill Clinton called in NATO to bomb Belgrade, in the heart of Europe, and unleashing another decade of unrest in the Balkans. Hillary, traveling in Africa, called Bill: 'I urged him to bomb,' she told reporter Lucinda Frank. 
Hillary's record as Secretary of State is among the most militaristic, and disastrous, of modern US history . Some experience. Hilary was a staunch defender of the military-industrial-intelligence complex at every turn, helping to spread the Iraq mayhem over a swath of violence that now stretches from Mali to Afghanistan. Two disasters loom largest: Libya and Syria. 
Hillary has been much attacked for the deaths of US diplomats in Benghazi, but her tireless promotion of the overthrow Muammar Qaddafi by NATO bombing is the far graver disaster. Hillary strongly promoted NATO-led regime change in Libya, not only in violation of international law but counter to the most basic good judgment. After the NATO bombing, Libya descended into civil war while the paramilitaries and unsecured arms stashes in Libya quickly spread west across the African Sahel and east to Syria. The Libyan disaster has spawned war in Mali, fed weapons to Boko Haram in Nigeria, and fueled ISIS in Syria and Iraq. In the meantime, Hillary found it hilarious to declare of Qaddafi: 'We came, we saw, he died.' 
Perhaps the crowning disaster of this long list of disasters has been Hillary's relentless promotion of CIA-led regime change in Syria. Once again Hillary bought into the CIA propaganda that regime change to remove Bashir al-Assad would be quick, costless, and surely successful. In August 2011, Hillary led the US into disaster with her declaration Assad must 'get out of the way,' backed by secret CIA operations. 
Five years later, no place on the planet is more ravaged by unending war, and no place poses a great threat to US security. More than 10 million Syrians are displaced, and the refugees are drowning in the Mediterranean or undermining the political stability of Greece, Turkey, and the European Union. Into the chaos created by the secret CIA-Saudi operations to overthrow Assad, ISIS has filled the vacuum, and has used Syria as the base for worldwide terrorist attacks. 
The list of her incompetence and warmongering goes on. Hillary's support at every turn for NATO expansion, including even into Ukraine and Georgia against all common sense, was a trip wire that violated the post-Cold War settlement in Europe in 1991 and that led to Russia's violent counter-reactions in both Georgia and Ukraine. As Senator in 2008, Hilary co-sponsored 2008-SR439 , to include Ukraine and Georgia in NATO. As Secretary of State, she then presided over the restart of the Cold War with Russia. 
It is hard to know the roots of this record of disaster. Is it chronically bad judgment? Is it her preternatural faith in the lying machine of the CIA? Is it a repeated attempt to show that as a Democrat she would be more hawkish than the Republicans? Is it to satisfy her hardline campaign financiers? Who knows? Maybe it's all of the above. But whatever the reasons, hers is a record of disaster. Perhaps more than any other person, Hillary can lay claim to having stoked the violence that stretches from West Africa to Central Asia and that threatens US security. 
Jakob Augstein notes in Der Spiegel: 
Trump would probably be the better choice in the question of war and peace than Clinton. 
Clinton has expressly expressed the wish to establish a flight ban on Syria, or parts of it. *** In truth, it would be an act of war. The risks are unpredictable. Above all, the risk of a military conflict with Russia. 
*** 
The highest soldier of the United States of America, General Joseph Dunford, President of the United States General Staff of the United States Forces, is certain. To control the entire airspace over Syria would mean war with Syria and Russia. Dunford's predecessor in office estimated a few years ago that an effective flight bomb over Syria would involve the use of 70,000 soldiers and a monthly cost of $ 1 billion. 
But the bottom line is Clinton's proven historical track record … she's at least partly responsible for war after catastrophic war and coup after disastrous coup in Libya, Syria, Kosovo, Haiti, Honduras and other countries around the world. 
And it's interesting, indeed, that the Neocons who got us into the Iraq war have endorsed Clinton instead of Trump . 
Trump might speak in a crude, knee-jerk manner … but Clinton is probably more likely to actually get us into war .

ARTICLE

Citizen journalism with a punch How NATO Is Trying to Sabotage the Turkey-Russia Reset 
Deployments to the Black Sea and rhetoric on Aleppo are serving one important goal -- placing pressure on Turkey to backpedal on rapprochement with Moscow Originally appeared at Indian Punchline 
The Secretary-General of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Jens Stoltenberg in his 'doorstep statement' today on the 2-day meeting of the alliance's defence ministers in Brussels said, inter alia, that an agenda item concerns 'making progress on plans' for more NATO presence in the Black Sea region. He cited Russia's belligerence as the rationale for such move. Interestingly, there was much emphasis on the Russian operations in Syria in Stoltenberg's media briefing. ( Transcript ) 
Prima facie, Syria is not 'NATO territory', but a linkage is being established between NATO posturing toward Russia and the latter's military presence in Syria. This can only happen at the behest of the United States, because Stoltenberg wouldn't even sneeze sans green signal from Washington. 
Of course, generally speaking, boosting the 'enemy' image of Russia is useful and necessary for Washington to keep the alliance going, since the member countries are otherwise loathe to increase their defence budgets to 2% of GDP. The US also calibrates the NATO posturing toward Russia to curb any proximity developing between individual European countries and Moscow at the bilateral level as well as to ensure that the sanctions against Russia will remain in place. 
However, the plan to discuss Black Sea deployment as well as Stoltenberg's emphasis on Aleppo also appears to serve another US objective – namely, put pressure on Turkey to delimit its strategic autonomy vis-à-vis Syrian conflict. 
Significantly, NATO intervened publicly – alongside an American demarche – to force Spain to refuse refuelling for the Russian flotilla of warships (including aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov) heading for eastern Mediterranean. This has been justified on the ground that with beefed up military prowess, Russian operations in Aleppo might intensify. ( RT ) 
The alibi that NATO has advanced is laughable – namely, humanitarian considerations – given the alliance's brutal war crimes in Libya and its role in the gruesome murder of Muammar Gaddafi. Seumas Milne wrote in Guardian newspaper at that time, 'If there were global justice, NATO would be in the dock over Libya.' ( Guardian ) 
So, why is Stoltenberg acting like this? The answer is, Spain's rethink on refuelling the Russian flotilla on the basis of a NATO demarche, is intended to create a precedent that will also be applicable to Turkey. Indeed, Washington is having a difficult time to 'manage' Turkey. Turkish President Recep Erdogan is on guard vis-à-vis Washington ever since Ankara concluded that the US had a hand in the July 15 attempted coup to overthrow his government. Turkey's Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus had some strong words for the Obama administration when he left Ankara for Washington on Tuesday on a mission to put more pressure on Washington to extradite the Islamist preacher Fetullah Gulen. (Hurriyet) 
But then, wouldn't Ankara know that Washington simply cannot extradite Gulen who has worked for the CIA? Of course the Turks would know that alright. So, it is a catch-22 situation. Gulen has become a lump stuck in Uncle Sam's throat. Read a caustic commentary by the pro-government Sabah newspaper titled What happens if Washington refuses to extradite Fetullah Gulen? 
To be sure, Turkey's role in any plans on NATO deployment in the Black Sea will be crucial because of its prerogatives under the Montreaux Convention (1936), which severely restricts the traffic of warships (other than Turkey and Russia's) through the Bosporus. In principle, Turkey will be obliged to go along with any NATO plans to step up deployment in the Black Sea. But in reality, Turkey would know that Moscow expects it to fully and faithfully observe the provisions of the Montreaux Convention. You bet Erdogan will twiddle thumbs and keep Stoltenberg waiting in the ante-room, no matter the decision to accelerate NATO deployment in the Black Sea. 
Clearly, the US hopes to somehow insert NATO into the Turkey-Russia rapprochement. Washington feels uneasy that Erdogan and Russian President Vladimir Putin are effectively coordinating their approaches to the Aleppo situation. What emerges out of all this is the desperate extent to which Washington will go to stall the progress of the Russian-Syrian mlitary operations to liberate Aleppo from the al-Qaeda affiliate Nusra. Conceivably, the Obama administration would prefer to somehow keep the Syrian situation fluid for Hillary Clinton to do what she promises to do — namely, revive the 'regime change agenda in that country, if need be through a US military intervention. (See the piece in Telegraph titled Hillary Clinton will reset Syria policy against 'murderous' Assad regime .) 
Erdogan disclosed today that the Turkish military operations in northern Syria will steer clear of Aleppo. He said he has discussed the matter with Putin. At the same time, he gave a punch to Washington by revealing that Turkey next intends to target Manbij in northern Syria with a view to drive out from the city the Syrian Kurdish militia, who happen to be the US' closest ally on the Syrian chessboard. ( Hurriyet ) Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at The American Conservative 
Donald Trump played a wily capitalistic trick on his Republican opponents in the primary fights this year—he served an underserved market. 
By now it's a cliché that Trump, while on his way to the GOP nomination, tapped into an unnoticed reservoir of right-of-center opinion on domestic and economic concerns—namely, the populist-nationalists who felt left out of the reigning market-libertarianism of the last few decades. 
Indeed, of the 17 Republicans who ran this year, Trump had mostly to himself the populist issues: that is, opposition to open borders, to free trade, and to earned-entitlement cutting. When the other candidates were zigging toward the familiar—and unpopular—Chamber of Commerce-approved orthodoxy, Trump was zagging toward the voters. 
Moreover, the same sort of populist-nationalist reservoir-tapping was evident in the realm of foreign affairs. To put it in bluntly Trumpian terms, the New Yorker hit 'em where they weren't. 
The fact that Trump was doing something dramatically different became clear in the make-or-break Republican debate in Greenville, S.C., on February 13. Back in those early days of the campaign, Trump had lost one contest (Iowa) and won one (New Hampshire), and it was still anybody's guess who would emerge victorious. 
During that debate, Trump took what seemed to be an extraordinary gamble: he ripped into George W. Bush's national-security record—in a state where the 43rd president was still popular. Speaking of the Iraq War, Trump said, 'George Bush made a mistake. We can make mistakes. But that one was a beauty. We should have never been in Iraq. We have destabilized the Middle East.' 
And then Trump went further, aiming indirectly at the former president, while slugging his brother Jeb directly: 'The World Trade Center came down during your brother's reign, remember that.' 
In response, Jeb intoned the usual Republican line, 'He kept us safe.' And others on the stage in Greenville that night rushed to associate themselves with Bush 43. 
In the aftermath of this verbal melee, many thought that Trump had doomed himself. As one unnamed Republican 'strategist' chortled to Politico, 'Trump's attack on President George W. Bush was galactic-level stupid in South Carolina.' 
Well, not quite: Trump triumphed in the Palmetto State primary a week later, winning by a 10-point margin. 
Thus, as we can see in retrospect, something had changed within the GOP. After 9/11, in the early years of this century, South Carolinians had been eager to fight. Yet by the middle of the second decade, they—or at least a plurality of them—had grown weary of endless foreign war. 
Trump's victory in the Palmetto State was decisive, yet it was nevertheless only a plurality, 32.5 percent. Meanwhile, Sen. Marco Rubio, running as an unabashed neocon hawk, finished second. 
So we can see that the Republican foreign-policy 'market' is now segmented. And while Trump proved effective at targeting crucial segments, they weren't the only segments—because, in actuality, there are four easily identifiable blocs on the foreign-policy right. And as we delineate these four segments, we can see that while some are highly organized and tightly articulate, others are loose and inchoate: 
First, the libertarians. That is, the Cato Institute and other free-market think tanks,Reason magazine, and so on. Libertarians are not so numerous around the country, but they are strong among the intelligentsia. 
Second, the old-right 'isolationists.' These folks, also known as 'paleocons,' often find common ground with libertarians, yet their origins are different, and so is their outlook. Whereas the libertarians typically have issued a blanket anathema to all foreign entanglements, the isolationists have been more selective. During World War I, for example, their intellectual forbears were hostile to U.S. involvement on the side of the Allies, but that was often because of specifically anti-English or pro-German sentiments, not because they felt guided by an overall principle of non-intervention. Indeed, the same isolationists were often eager to intervene in Latin America and in the Far East. More recently, the temperamentally isolationist bloc has joined with the libertarians in opposition to deeper U.S. involvement in the Middle East. 
Third, the traditional hawks. On the proverbial Main Street, USA, plenty of people—not limited to the active-duty military, veterans, and law-enforcers—believe that America's national honor is worth fighting for. 
Fourth, the neoconservatives. This group, which takes hawkishness to an avant-garde extreme, is so praised, and so criticized, that there's little that needs be added here. Yet we can say this: as with the libertarians, they are concentrated in Washington, DC; by contrast, out beyond the Beltway, they are relatively scarce. Because of their connections to big donors to both parties, however, they have been powerful, even preeminent, in foreign-policy circles over the last quarter-century. Yet today, it's the neocons who feel most threatened by, and most hostile to, the Trump phenomenon. 
We can pause to offer a contextual point: floating somewhere among the first three categories—libertarians, isolationists, hawks—are the foreign-policy realists. These, of course, are the people, following in the tradition of the great scholar Hans Morgenthau, who pride themselves on seeing the world as it is, regarding foreign policy as just another application of Bismarckian wisdom—'the art of the possible.' 
The realists, disproportionately academics and think-tankers, are a savvy and well-credentialed group—or, according to critics, cynical and world-weary. Yet either way, they have made many alliances with the aforementioned trio of groups, even as they have usually maintained their ideological flexibility. To borrow the celebrated wisdom of the 19th-century realpolitiker Lord Palmerston, realists don't have permanent attachments; they have permanent interests. And so it seems likely that if Trump wins—or anyone like Trump in the future—many realists will be willing to emerge from their wood-paneled precincts to engage in the hurly-burly of public service. 
Returning to our basic quartet of blocs, we can quickly see that two of them, the libertarians and the neocons, have been loudly successful in the 'battle of ideas.' That is, almost everyone knows where the libertarians and the neocons stand on the controversies of the moment. Meanwhile, the other two groups—the isolationists and the traditional hawks—have failed to make themselves heard. That is, until Trump. 
For the most part, the isolationists and hawks have not been organized; they've just been clusters of veterans, cops, gun owners, and like-minded souls gathering here and there, feeling strongly about the issues but never finding a national megaphone. Indeed, even organized groups, such as the American Legion and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, sizable as they might be, have had little impact, of late, on foreign affairs. 
This paradoxical reality—that even big groups can be voiceless, allowing smaller groups to carry the day—is well understood. Back in 1839, the historian Thomas Carlyle observed of his Britain, 'The speaking classes speak and debate,' while the 'deep-buried [working] class lies like an Enceladus'—a mythological giant imprisoned under a volcano. Yet, Carlyle continued, the giant under the volcano will not stay silent forever; one day it will erupt, and the inevitable eruption 'has to produce earthquakes!' 
In our time, Trump has provoked the Enceladus-like earthquake. Over the past year, while the mainstream media has continued to lavish attention on the fine points of libertarianism and neoconservatism, the Peoples of the Volcano have blown up American politics. 
Trump has spoken loudly to both of his groups. To the isolationists, he has highlighted his past opposition to the Iraq and Libya misadventures, as well as his suspicions about NATO and other alliances. (Here the libertarians, too, are on board.) At the same time, he has also talked the language of the hawks, as when he has said, 'Take the oil' and 'Bomb the [bleep] out of them.' Trump has also attacked the Iran nuclear agreement, deriding it as 'one of the worst deals ever made.' 
Thus earlier this year Trump mobilized the isolationists and the hawks, leaving the libertarians to Rand Paul and the neocons to Rubio. 
Now as we move to the general election, it appears that Trump has kept the loyalty of his core groups. Many libertarians, meanwhile, are voting for Gary Johnson—the former Republican governor at the top of the Libertarian Party's ticket—and they are being joined, most likely as a one-off, by disaffected Republicans and Democrats. Meanwhile, the neocons, most of them, have become the objective allies, if not the overt supporters, of Hillary Clinton. 
Even if Trump loses, his energized supporters, having found their voice, will be a new and important force within the GOP—a force that could make it significantly harder for a future president to, say, 'liberate' and 'democratize' Syria. 
♦♦♦ 
Yet now we must skip past the unknown unknowns of the election and ask: what might we expect if Trump becomes president? 
One immediate point to be borne in mind is that it will be a challenge to fill the cabinet and the sub-cabinet—to say nothing of the thousands of 'Schedule C' positions across the administration—with true Trump loyalists. Yes, of course, if Trump wins that means he will have garnered 50 million or more votes, but still, the number of people who have the right credentials and can pass all the background checks—including, for most of the top jobs, Senate confirmation—is minuscule. 
So here we might single out the foreign-policy realists as likely having a bright future in a Trump administration: after all, they are often well-credentialed and, by their nature, have prudently tended to keep their anti-Trump commentary to a minimum. (There's a piece of inside-the-Beltway realist wisdom that seems relevant here: 'You're for what happens.') 
Yet the path to realist dominion in a Trump administration is not smooth. As a group, they have been in eclipse since the Bush 41 era, so an entire generation of their cadres is missing. The realists do not have long lists of age-appropriate alumni ready for another spin through the revolving door. 
By contrast, the libertarians have lots of young staffers on some think-tank payroll or another. And of course, the neocons have lots of experience and contacts—yes, they screwed up the last time they were in power, but at least they know the jargon. 
Thus, unless president-elect Trump makes a genuinely heroic effort to infuse his administration with new blood, he will end up hiring a lot of folks who might not really agree with him—and who perhaps even have strongly, if quietly, opposed him. That means that the path of a Trump presidency could be channeled in an unexpected direction, as the adherents of other foreign-policy schools—including, conceivably, schools from the left—clamber aboard. As they say in DC, 'personnel is policy.' 
Still, Trump has a strong personality, and it's entirely possible that, as president, he will succeed in imprinting his unique will on his appointees. (On the other hand, the career government, starting with the State Department's foreign service officers, might well prove to be a different story.) 
Looking further ahead, as a hypothetical President Trump surveys the situation from the Sit Room, here are nine things that will be in view: 
1. 
Trump will recall, always, that the Bush 43 presidency drove itself into a ditch on Iraq. So he will surely see the supreme value of not sending U.S. ground troops—beyond a few advisors—into Middle Eastern war zones. 
2. 
Trump will also realize that Barack Obama, for all his talk about hope and change, ended up preserving the bulk of Bush 43's policies. The only difference is that Obama did it on the cheap, reducing defense spending as he went along. 
Obama similar to Bush—really? Yes. To be sure, Obama dropped all of Bush's democratic messianism, but even with his cool detachment he kept all of Bush's alliances and commitments, including those in Afghanistan and Iraq. And then he added a new international commitment: 'climate change.' 
In other words, America now has a policy of 'quintuple containment': Russia, China, Iran, ISIS/al-Qaeda, and, of course, the carbon-dioxide molecule. Many would argue that today we aren't managing any of these containments well; others insist that the Obama administration, perversely, seems most dedicated to the containment of climate change: everything else can fall apart, but if the Obamans can maintain the illusion of their international CO2 deals, as far as they are concerned all will be well. 
In addition, Uncle Sam has another hundred or so minor commitments—including bilateral defense treaties with countries most Americans have never heard of, along with special commitments to champion the rights of children, women, dissidents, endangered species, etc. On a one-by-one basis, it's possible to admire many of these efforts; on a cumulative basis, it's impossible to imagine how we can sustain all of them. 
3. A populist president like Trump will further realize that if the U.S. has just 4 percent of the world's population and barely more than a fifth of world GDP, it's not possible that we can continue to police the planet. Yes, we have many allies—on paper. Yet Trump's critique of many of them as feckless, even faithless, resonated for one big reason: it was true. 
So Trump will likely begin the process of rethinking U.S. commitments around the world. Do we really want to risk nuclear war over the Spratly Islands? Or the eastern marches of Ukraine? Here, Trump might well default to the wisdom of the realists: big powers are just that—big powers—and so one must deal with them in all their authoritarian essentiality. And as for all the other countries of the world—some we like and some we don't—we're not going to change them, either. (Although in some cases, notably Iraq and Syria, partition, supervised by the great powers, may be the only solution.) 
4. 
Trump will surely see world diplomacy as an extension of what he has done best all his life—making deals. This instinct will serve him well in two ways: first, he will be sharply separating himself from his predecessors, Bush the hot-blooded unilateralist war-of-choicer and Obama the cool and detached multilateralist leader-from-behind. Second, his deal-making desire will inspire him do what needs to be done: build rapport with world leaders as a prelude to making things happen. 
To cite one immediate example: there's no way that we will ever achieve anything resembling 'peace with honor' in Afghanistan without the full cooperation of the Taliban's masters in Pakistan. Ergo, the needed deal must be struck in Islamabad, not Kabul. 
Almost certainly, a President Trump will treat China and Russia as legitimate powers, not as rogue states that must be single-handedly tamed by America. 
Moreover, Trump's deal-making trope also suggests that instead of sacrificing American economic interests on the altar of U.S. 'leadership,' he will view the strengthening of the American economy as central to American greatness. 
5. 
Trump will further realize that his friends the realists have had a blind spot of late when it comes to economic matters. Once upon a time—that is, in the 19th century—economic nationalism was at the forefront of American foreign-policy making. In the old days, as America's Manifest Destiny stretched beyond the continental U.S., expansionism and Hamiltonianism went together: as they used to say, trade follows the flag. Theodore Roosevelt's digging of the Panama Canal surely ranks as one of the most successful fusions of foreign and economic policy in American history. 
Yet in the past few decades, the economic nationalists and the foreign-policy realists have drifted apart. For example, a Reagan official, Clyde Prestowitz of the Economic Strategy Institute, has been mostly ignored by the realists, who have instead embraced the conventional elite view of free trade and globalization. 
So a President Trump will have the opportunity to reunite realism and economic nationalism; he can once again put manufacturing exports, for example, at the top of the U.S. agenda. Indeed, Trump might consider other economic-nationalist gambits: for example, if we are currently defending such wealthy countries as Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, and Norway, why aren't they investing some of the trillions of dollars in their sovereign-wealth funds into, say, American infrastructure? 
6. 
Trump will also come into power realizing that he has few friends in the foreign-policy establishment; after all, most establishmentarians opposed him vehemently. Yet that could turn out to be a real plus for the 45th president because it could enable him to discard the stodgy and outworn thinking of the 'experts.' In particular, he could refute the prevailing view that the U.S. is, and always must be, the benign hegemon, altruistically policing the world, while allowing its allies, satellites—and even rivals—to manufacture everything and thereby generate the jobs, profits, and knowhow. That was always, of course, a view that elevated the ambitions and pretensions of the American elite over the well-being of the larger U.S. population—and maybe Trump can come up with a better and fairer vision. 
7. 
As an instinctive deal-maker, Trump will have the capacity to clear away the underbrush of accumulated obsolete doctrines and dogmas. To cite just one small but tragic example, there's the dopey chain of thinking that has guided U.S. policy toward South Sudan. Today, we officially condemn both sides in that country's ongoing civil war. Yet we might ask, how can that work out well for American interests? After all, one side or the other is going to win, and we presumably want a friend in Juba, not a Chinese-affiliated foe. 
On the larger canvas, Trump will observe that if the U.S., China, and Russia are the three countries capable of destroying the world, then it's smart to figure out amodus vivendi among this threesome. Such practical deal-making, of course, would undermine the moralistic narrative that Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin are the potentates of new evil empires. 
8. 
Whether or not he's currently familiar with the terminology, Trump seems likely to recapitulate the 'multipolar' system envisioned by Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger in the 1970s. Back then, the multipolar vision included the U.S., the USSR, Western Europe, China, and Japan. 
Yet multipolarity was lost in the '80s, as the American economy was Reaganized, the Cold War grew colder, and the Soviet Union staggered to its self-implosion. Then in the '90s we had the 'unipolar moment,' when the U.S. enjoyed 'hyper-power' primacy. 
Yet as with all moments, unipolarity soon passed, undone by the Iraq quagmire, America's economic stagnation, and the rise of other powers. So today, multipolarity seems destined to re-emerge with a slightly upgraded cast of players: the U.S., China, Russia, the European Union, and perhaps India. 
9. 
And, of course, Trump will have to build that wall along the U.S.-Mexican border. 
♦♦♦ 
Some might object that I am reading too much into Trump. Indeed, the conventional wisdom, even today, maintains that Trump is visceral, not intellectual, that he is buffoonish, not Kissingerian. 
To such critics, this Trump supporter feels compelled to respond: when has the conventional wisdom about the New Yorker been proven correct? 
It's not easy to become president. In all of U.S. history, just 42 individuals have been elected to the presidency—or to the vice presidency and succeeded a fallen president. That is, indeed, an exclusive club. Or as Trump himself might say, it's not a club for dummies. 
If Trump does, in fact, become the 45th president, then by definition, he will have proven himself to be pretty darn strategic. And that's a portent that bodes well for his foreign policy. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Lights, Camera, Propaganda! Washington's Anti-Russia Campaign Invades Hollywood 
Keep those Russian baddies coming! Originally appeared at RT 
For years the influence of the CIA in Hollywood was hidden and unacknowledged. Now it's more of an open secret; not publicized, but pretty easy to read up on if you care. Just ask the spy agency's Entertainment Industry Liaison. 
Yes, such a thing really exists . 
You see, the CIA's man in Hollywood wants to help actors, authors, directors, producers and screenwriters 'gain a better understanding' of the intelligence agency in order to ensure 'accurate portrayals' of its activities. It even wants to help fire up the neurons and actually give you some good ideas if you're coming up short in that department. Indeed, the CIA provides 'inspiration for future storylines' and lists them on its website. Of course, it's all in the interest of creating authentic and balanced portrayals of US intelligence agencies and the US military. And they're quite busy, too. Between 2006 and 2011, the CIA public relations office had input into at least 22 film and movie projects. 
In a column for the Washington Post in 2011, David Sirota noted that the Pentagon too enlists the help of Hollywood for PR purposes when things are going awry and Americans are becoming weary of war. Movies like Top Gun in the 1980s and Zero Dark Thirty more recently were made in consultation with the Pentagon and White House. The result of this'creative input for Pentagon assistance' bargain created an entertainment culture 'rigged to produce relatively few anti-war movies and dozens of blockbusters that glorify the military' and which amounts to 'government subsidized propaganda,' 
The CIA has had a hand in creating TV shows like 24, Homeland andAlias. The Americans — an FX show about two Russian spies living undercover in the US — was created by a former CIA agent, and the agency reportedly approves the scripts for each episode. 
A piece in the Guardian in 2008 called the CIA's involvement in Hollywood a 'tale of deception and subversion that would seem improbable if it were put on screen'. Of course, it's unlikely to be put on screen, given that the agency which provides guidance on CIA-related movies (...) is the CIA. 
Enlisting Hollywood help with 'anti-Russia messaging' 
Remember the 'inspiration for future storylines' list mentioned earlier? Well, guess what? The liaison's 'current pick' for a possible future movie project is about one Ryszard Kukliński — a Polish colonel and spy for NATO who spent years passing secret Soviet documents to the CIA. I wonder why they'd be interested in that sort of thing right now. It couldn't be anything to do with deteriorating relations between Russia and the West, could it? 
It may sound like conspiracy theory, but the 2014 hack of Sony Pictures Entertainment revealed that the the US State Department has actively sought out the biggest players in Hollywood and tried to enlist their help with what they called'anti-Russia messaging' for the public's consumption through innocent entertainment. In other words, the government asked Hollywood for help producing propaganda — although I'm sure the State Department would call it something nicer. 
Richard Stengel, the US under secretary for public diplomacy, wrote to Sony CEO Mark Lynton explaining that the government needed help countering both ISIS and 'Russian narratives' and said this wasn't something the State Department could do 'on its own'. He suggested convening a meeting of media executives to discuss ideas, content, production and 'commercial possibilities'. Lynton responded with a list of media executives at other entertainment companies including Disney and Fox. It's unclear from the emails whether that meeting Stengel requested ever happened, but judging by much of the recent entertainment industry output, one might be forgiven for assuming it did. 
Negative depictions of Russia in American and British news and entertainment media are hardly new — but at least as far as I can tell, there's certainly been an uptick over the past 12-18 months, and it coincides nicely with a major US government-led anti-Russia messaging campaign which has also spilled over into much of Western print and broadcast media. Gratuitous mentions of Russia and Vladimir Putin where they are not necessary are becoming tiresome. For me, the last straw was sitting down to watch Bridget Jones's Baby last month and being subjected to an entirely unnecessary and irrelevant subplot about the anti-Putin punk band Pussy Riot and their struggle for free speech. It was the last straw because it was just one more in a long line of useless allusions to big bad Russia that seemed to come from nowhere. 
For me, the last straw was sitting down to watch Bridget Jones's Baby last month and being subjected to an entirely unnecessary and irrelevant subplot about the anti-Putin punk band Pussy Riot and their struggle for free speech. 
In the Netflix political drama House of Cards, Pussy Riot — the real ones this time — got their own cameo alongside evil Putin (not the real one). But even when there isn't a major storyline attached to Russia, somehow the country frequently gets thrown in anyway. Russia is still the go-to country when there needs to be a joke about scary or immoral foreigners. There are endless examples. 
In NBC's Scandal, one character suggests Putin might randomly invade Belarus. In CBS's Madam Secretary, one character spews the line: 'I can't go back to Russia, it's a pigsty.' In the recently released movie Bad Moms, one of the bad moms, protesting something or other which I can't recall, shouts 'What is this, Russia?' The short-running show Allegiancewas entirely about a Russian sleeper cell in the US which was suddenly reactivated and whose members — now fully adapted to blissful life in America — no longer wanted anything to do with Russia. How original. 
NBC's Blacklist has given us multiple Russian baddies and the sitcom 2 Broke Girls has made its fair share of Putin jokes. The third installment of The Purge introduced us to a gang of menacing Russian 'murder tourists' who take advantage of the annual 12-hour period during which any crime, including murder, becomes legal. I could go on, but you get the idea: Russians are bad. 
Is it all CIA influence? Is it all the result of the State Department's'anti-Russia messaging' campaign? Not necessarily. While the CIA does have huge influence in Hollywood on specific projects, many of the random negative references to Russia are probably the result of a media information war which naturally spills over into the creative output of writers and directors. Many of them probably shouldn't be blamed too harshly. They're fed a diet of anti-Russia messaging through the news media, so it's no wonder these kinds of lines end up in their movies and TV shows. 
Interestingly, in June, the Senate Intelligence Committee included an amendment to Congress' annual intelligence spending bill which would require the Director of National Intelligence to submit reports detailing the relationship between the CIA and Hollywood. But the Senate committee is no doubt less worried about the propaganda effects and more worried about the CIA divulging sensitive and classified information to movie directors, as was the case, controversially, with Zero Dark Thirty. 
Anyway, tip for aspiring filmmakers and TV producers: Leave the Russia jokes out. It's getting boring. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Madeleine Albright Gets in Costume in Time for Halloween 
Look who's pretending they're a humanitarian Originally appeared at The Libertarian Institute 
Last week, The Washington Post reported that the Beltway's foreign policy elite is salivating at the prospect of a more hawkish Hillary Clinton administration. 
Apparently, the Obama administration's reluctance to intervene directly in Syria is driving the liberal interventionalists and the neocons crazy. The out-of-power imperialists of the left and right, though, have been biding their time and doing what they do best: writing reports that only the foreign policy elite read inside the imperial city. Absurdly, or maybe the better word is frighteningly, the foreign policy elite's reports and studies 'call for more-aggressive American action to constrain Iran, rein in the chaos in the Middle East and check Russia in Europe.' The idea that Washington could bring order to the chaos it helped create in the greater Middle East is lunacy. 
Come November 9, the nation better start preparing itself for more of the same with the almost guaranteed ascension of President Clinton the Second: perpetual, wealth-sapping, rights-eviscerating war. 
But what was particularly striking about the article was the appearance of former Secretary of State and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Madeleine Albright discussing the need for more muscular American intervention in Syria. 
'The immediate thing is to do something to alleviate the horrors that are being visited on the population,' said former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, who is leading a bipartisan and international team looking at U.S. strategy in the Middle East for the Atlantic Council. 
'We do think there needs to be more American action — not ground forces but some additional help in terms of the military aspect.' 
Just in time for Halloween, Secretary Albright wants to dress up like a humanitarian. But fortunately we know that Secretary Albright believes that the lives of innocent children are okay to sacrifice in the pursuit of a U.S-led international order.* Back in 1996, Albright showed what's truly under that humanitarian costume during an interview with 60 Minutes on the toll of U.N. Security Council sanctions on Iraq: 
Lesley Stahl on sanctions against Iraq: We have heard that a half million children have died. I mean, that's more children than died in Hiroshima. And, you know, is the price worth it? 
Madeleine Albright: I think this is a very hard choice, but the price–we think the price is worth it. 
These are the kinds of people ready to assume the commanding heights of the U.S. national security apparatus soon after Inauguration Day. They make the hard choices you don't want to make, and the price is worth it. 
* NOTE: For a good analysis of exactly how many Iraqi children under five years old died because of U.N. Security Council sanctions on Iraq, see Matt Welch's Reason piece from 2002, ' The Politics of Dead Children .' Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Politics Lessons of Syria: Russia to Form a 'Superlight' Brigade Equipped With 'Technicals' 
Russian Ministry of Defense wants to take a UAZ pickup and strap on it a machine gun, a grenade launcher or anti-tank missiles and use them to conduct raids over open terrain Originally appeared at Russian Defense Policy 
Izvestiya reports that Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu is organizing some 'superlight' army brigades. It's an interesting turn given that his widely discredited predecessor Anatoliy Serdyukov also looked at forming light motorized rifle brigades based on wheeled vehicles. Perhaps the latter's mistake was that the vehicles weren't necessarily Russian-made. 
Shoygu's 'superlight' brigades will use the UAZ Patriot — either the SUV or Pickup variant. The SUV is referred to as a jeep at times. An earlier model — the Hunter — actually resembles a jeep. uaz-hunter.jpg UAZ Hunter 
The intent, reportedly based on Syrian combat experience, is for these 'superlight' motorized rifle brigades to slip around or through heavier enemy forces to conduct raids at distances of several hundred kilometers. 
According to Izvestiya, the UAZ Patriot or Pickup is supposed to carry up to seven soldiers (a highly dubious proposition), their weapons and gear, as well as additional fuel, supplies, and ammo. It will be armed with either a 30-mm AGS-30 automatic grenade launcher or Kornet or Konkurs ATGMs, as well as a 12.7-mm Kord machine gun. The brigade's mortar batteries are supposed to have 82-mm 2B14 Podnos mortars mounted on the UAZ vehicles. 
An MOD official familiar with the developments told Izvestiya the formation of the 'superlight' brigades has begun, and they will appear 'soon' in the Southern and Central MDs. They will have less personnel and equipment than traditional MRBs, but will be more mobile and maneuverable. The 'superlight' brigades will also have one battalion in BTR-82s as well as artillery and MRL battalions. 
Izvestiya got a comment from Vladislav Shurygin: 
'These battalions are being developed from the experience of combat actions in Syria. In a day, the typical motorized rifle battalion equipped with armored personnel carriers or infantry fighting vehicles can complete a march of not more than100 km. But an MRB in the UAZ Patriot can go several hundred kilometers in a day. 
Moreover, acting in small groups, motorized rifle platoons and companies in pickups can slip through enemy forces and deliver quick strikes. But these battalions are only effective in desert, steppe, and semidesert terrain. In forests and forest-steppe, automobile-mounted infantry loses out to infantry in BMPs and BTRs in combat capability.' 
Izvestiya notes that, in 2009, Serdyukov put the 56th Independent Air-Assault Brigade in the UAZ Hunter, but the experiment was quickly abandoned. The MOD official says they were needed and worked well in the Volgograd steppe, but it was difficult to fit personnel and equipment in the Hunter. Soldiers, he said, sat cheek to cheek in very cramped conditions. That brigade returned to its venerable GAZ-66 trucks. 
The same problem is likely with the UAZ Patriot and Pickup. They look like four-seaters. 
This sounds like a sweet little deal for UAZ. It is part of the larger Sollers automobile manufacturing group, itself owned by Russian steel conglomerate Severstal. 
It's odd there's no photo of an UAZ Patriot or Pickup military prototype when the first 'superlight' brigades are reportedly almost ready to appear. 
And there is also potential competition. The Military-Industrial Company (VPK) has its Tigr light armored vehicle with a 30-mm gun or Kornet or Konkurs ATGM launchers mounted. The Tigr, however, is a larger, heavier, and much more expensive vehicle. 
GAZ might make something comparable to the Patriot or Pickup. GAZ already makes the BTR-82. Like VPK, GAZ is owned ultimately by Oleg Deripaska. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Washington War Party Urges Obama to Go to War Against Assad & the Russians 
Clinton fans call on Obama to 'save Aleppo' as NATO-GCC-backed 'rebels' prepare new offensive Originally appeared at Newsbud 
On October 21, The Washington Post published a noteworthy op-ed titled 'Bring Syria's Assad and his backers to account now,' written by retired U.S. Marine General John Allen and self-proclaimed Syria expert Charles Lister. Allen is a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and serves on the board of advisors of The Washington Institute for Near East Policy (WINEP), an American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) cutout. The retired four-star general attracted a lot of attention earlier this year when he delivered a forceful endorsement of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton at the Democratic National Convention. 
Lister was formerly a visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha Center in Qatar and is now a senior fellow at the Washington, D.C.-based Middle East Institute, which describes itself as 'an unbiased source of information and analysis' on the Middle East and partners with corporations such as Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, Chevron, ExxonMobil and Saudi Aramco. Lister has dismissed conflict of interest allegations by saying his contact with the Syrian opposition 'had absolutely nothing to do with Qatar' and stressing that his 'work on this is 100% funded by Western govts.'[1] 
Allen and Lister harshly criticize U.S. 'inaction' in Syria in their October 21 op-ed, emphasizing that 'the Assad clique and its backers must be brought to account before it is too late.' 
The authors' case rests on the premise that U.S. policy in Syria has been characterized by inaction and 'has never sought to decisively influence the tactical situation on the ground.'[2] 
Since the beginning of the conflict, advocates of greater U.S. military involvement have tried to promote the myth of 'U.S. inaction in Syria.' 
Even after U.S. media disclosed the existence of a CIA weapons supply and training program in summer 2012, efforts to promote this myth continued unabated. 
In early 2013, about eight months after The Washington Post first reported that the United States is coordinating the flow of weapons to the so-called 'Syrian rebels,'[3] the editorial board of The Washington Post warned of the 'consequences of U.S. inaction in Syria,' accusing the Obama administration of not doing enough to support the 'rebels.'[4] 
Neither The Washington Post nor any other major media outlet in the United States has been willing to publicize the true extent of U.S. covert operations in Syria, which started as early as April-May 2011.[5] 
From the very beginning, U.S. policy sought to decisively influence the tactical situation on the ground in favor of the foreign-backed anti-Assad opposition. But instead of exposing the U.S.-led war on Syria, the media has been feeding into the false narrative of 'U.S. inaction in Syria.' 
Referring to this narrative, Allen and Lister call for accelerating and broadening the provision of lethal and nonlethal assistance to 'vetted moderate opposition groups.'[6] 
The United States' vetting process of militias plays a central role in all of Lister's policy proposals.[7] What Lister fails to mention is that this vetting process consists of nothing more than trace searches in old databases and half-hearted interviews. U.S. Special Forces soldiers on the ground in Turkey and Jordan told SOFREP that many 'rebels' had sympathies with terrorist groups but knew exactly how to sell themselves during such interviews.[8] 
As U.S. Special Forces soldiers on the ground voice their indignation over a mission that nobody believes in because they are just training the next generation of jihadis, Allen and Lister want to increase U.S. assistance to 'vetted' groups in order to 'save Aleppo,' which has become the focal point of the Syrian conflict: 
'For a start, the United States must save Aleppo. Damascus, Moscow and Tehran are razing the city to prepare for an eventual ground assault. As both the CIA and Pentagon have concluded, an opposition loss in Aleppo would severely undermine the United States' counterterrorism objectives in Syria. The city's symbolism and strategic value are unmatched, and allowing it to fall would dramatically empower extremist narratives. Groups linked to al-Qaeda would reap the rewards of our shortcomings.'[9] 
At the beginning of October, just hours after the U.S. suspended talks with Russia over Syria, The Washington Post reported that the CIA and the Joint Chiefs of Staff are pressuring President Obama to approve 'kinetic actions' against Syrian government forces, arguing that an opposition loss in Aleppo 'would undermine America's counterterrorism goals in Syria.'[10] 
Given the fact that the opposition in 'rebel-held' eastern Aleppo is led by Jabhat al-Nusra, this argument seems rather dubious.[11] Despite rebranding itself as 'Jabhat Fatah al-Sham' and supposedly cutting its ties with al-Qaeda, the group is still considered a terrorist organization by the United States and the United Nations. Another group present in eastern Aleppo, Ahrar al-Sham, is also closely tied to al-Qaeda.[12] 
It is not exactly clear why 'groups linked to al-Qaeda would reap the rewards' if groups linked to al-Qaeda are defeated in eastern Aleppo or why their defeat 'would severely undermine the United States' counterterrorism objectives in Syria.' 
If Allen and Lister want to stop empowering extremist narratives, they could start by revising their portrayal of the battle of Aleppo and the Syrian conflict in general. 
Nusra and its allies are not defending civilians in eastern Aleppo, as frequently claimed, but holding them hostage in order to maintain a foothold in the strategic city, which was invaded by 'rebels' in summer 2012 after refusing to join the uprising. 
As soon as Syrian government forces and their allies first managed to encircle the 'rebel-held' areas of Aleppo in July of this year, they announced the opening of humanitarian passages for civilians and surrendering fighters. According to the pro-opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR), only 'around 12 people managed to use the Bustan al-Qasr corridor before rebel groups reinforced security measures and prevented families from approaching the corridors.'[13] 
Instead of telling the 'rebel groups' in eastern Aleppo to stop holding civilians hostage, the United States and its allies supported a major offensive led and organized by al-Nusra to break the siege and 'put some pressure back on Russia and Iran.' 
One Western diplomat tried to play down the outside support, saying: 
'The rebels' problem has never been a lack of weapons. This was internally planned, and it succeeded not because of outside support but because Fatah al-Sham and the other jihadi groups are incredibly disciplined, with plenty of guys willing to blow themselves up at the front.'[14] 
Nusra, Ahrar al-Sham and other involved groups referred to the Aleppo offensive as the 'Ibrahim al-Youssef battle,' a reference to the Syrian army officer who led the Aleppo Artillery School Massacre in the late 1970s. 
In June 1979, Ibrahim al-Youssef and members of a Muslim Brotherhood splinter group killed dozens of Alawite cadets after separating them from their Sunni colleagues. During the July-August Aleppo offensive, a spokesman for the Nusra-led forces said they would continue what Ibrahim al-Youssef had started and kill the Alawites.[15] 
Ibrahim al-Youssef's son Yasser is a political representative for the U.S.-vetted 'rebel group' Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zinki, which participates in the battle of Aleppo and lately joined the Nusra-led military alliance Jaish al-Fatah. Zinki is probably best known for beheading a child captive on camera. The group reportedly lost U.S. backing in August or September of last year and was in talks with the U.S. over the restoration of its support when the incriminating footage emerged.[16] 
Yasser al-Youssef has become the media's go-to-guy for information about the 'rebels' in and around Aleppo. After the Syrian government and its Russian allies recently announced a unilateral cease-fire to allow civilians and surrendering fighters once again to leave eastern Aleppo, Agence France-Presse (AFP) quoted Yasser al-Youssef as saying that opposition fighters wanted 'nothing to do' with the Russian initiative and asking: 'Who are they to decide to displace the Syrian people who rebelled against the dictator Assad?'[17] 
Meanwhile, the Associated Press (AP) quoted Zinki's al-Youssef as saying that the opposition had agreed to the initiative to evacuate wounded and allow in aid. According to al-Youssef, the evacuations didn't materialize because the Syrian government and Russia gave no assurances the wounded would not face arrest.[18] 
As both sides were blaming each other for the breakdown, Western journalists on the ground confirmed that 'rebels' were firing on the checkpoints and exit corridors, making it extremely dangerous for anyone to leave eastern Aleppo.[19] 
When Allen and Lister say 'the United States must save Aleppo,' they are not referring to the civilians in eastern Aleppo who are being held hostage by the 'rebels' or to the civilians in western Aleppo who are being killed by indiscriminate 'rebel' shelling. They are referring to al-Nusra, Ahrar al-Sham, Zinki and other 'rebel groups' in eastern Aleppo. 
On the same day the Allen-Lister op-ed was published, Lister gleefully announced on Twitter that Ahrar al-Sham, Zinki and allied militias are preparing another offensive to break the siege of Aleppo. Nusra will of course join the fight, but 'the impetus and most of the planning for this offensive largely excluded' the terrorist group, as the PR disaster during the July-August offensive is still fresh on everyone's mind. 'Regional states have provided substantial support to buttress the offensive,' according to Lister.[20] 
U.S. allies Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar already provided substantial support to buttress the July-August Aleppo offensive – with the full blessing of the United States.[21] Washington's primary objective was to put some pressure back on Russia and Iran, not to save civilians. As before, the new offensive is going to prompt an adequate response from Russia and its allies, thereby prolonging the suffering of civilians in Aleppo. 
With current U.S. policy leading nowhere, the Obama administration is divided over Syria. Whereas the hawks around CIA director John Brennan and Defense Secretary Ashton Carter want to escalate the conflict, President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry are increasingly skeptical of such plans. 
Obama is reportedly not willing to approve plans to supply CIA-vetted militias with more powerful weapons. 
One senior U.S. official told The Washington Post that CIA-backed units are 'not doing any better on the battlefield, they're up against a more formidable adversary, and they're increasingly dominated by extremists,' raising the question of whether the program can accomplish anything beyond adding to the carnage in Syria.[22] 
The Lister-approved vetting process is apparently not working. 
Moreover, the sceptics in the administration fear that the new weaponry could end up killing Russian military personnel and they want to avoid risking a confrontation with Russia. 
But not everyone shares this opinion. 
Due to his reluctance to escalate the conflict in Syria, Obama has alienated Washington's foreign policy establishment, which favors more U.S. military action, including cruise missile strikes on Syrian government forces.[23] 
That is also a key point of the Allen-Lister plan. 
When The Washington Post first reported on U.S. plans to target Syrian government forces, Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Major-General Igor Konashenkov stressed that Russian troops were now widely deployed across Syria, implying that any such attack would run the risk of killing Russian soldiers.[24] 
Allen and Lister are of course aware of this risk. Explaining how to punish cease-fire violations by Syrian government forces with U.S. military action, they note in passing: 
'We should expect the possible intentional co-mingling of Syrian and Russian forces and assets as a deterrent. While this may complicate targeting strategies, we should not miss the opportunity to hit offending Syrian elements and units, while sustaining counter-Islamic State operations elsewhere.'[25] 
Neither Allen and Lister nor Washington's foreign policy elite seem to mind risking a direct military confrontation with Russia. But President Obama and other sceptics in the administration don't want to start World War III over Syria, as one senior administration official who is involved in Middle East policy emphasized: 
'You can't pretend you can go to war against Assad and not go to war against the Russians.'[26] 
While the war party in Washington is waiting for Obama to leave office, Russia is preparing for a showdown in Syria with the largest surface deployment since the end of the Cold War.[27] 
As Allen and Lister point out, the war party 'cannot wait for a new administration in Washington' because 'events are moving too quickly.'[28] They may have lost Aleppo by the time Hillary Clinton takes office.[28] 
So Obama might have to deal with more 'accidents,' such as the September 17 Deir Ezzor attack, during his last months as President of the United States. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

US to Hold Off on Cyberwar With Russia Until After Election 
Obama wants to do it together with Clinton   Antiwar.com 
While the Obama Administration has made much of its intention to start a full-scale cyberwar against Russia at a 'time of their choosing,' the most recent reports suggest that the war is effectively on hold at least until the presidential election in two weeks. 
From President Obama's standpoint, the hope is to work with Hillary Clinton, if she becomes president-elect, to launch a cyber war that they both can get behind. Indeed, both have appeared very hawkish against Russia, and Obama apparently doesn't want to deny Clinton a chance to participate in the early days of a war she'd inherit. 
Starting a cyberwar ahead of a Trump win would be even less wise, as Trump has opposed the idea of picking fights with Russia, and expressed strong doubts about Democratic Party 'certainty' that Russia is behind hacks against them. 
Rep. Adam Schiff (D – CA), the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, says that another factor is concern about provoking Russian retaliation for such a US attack before the vote, with many Democrats concerned Russia could release 'forged' documents to embarrass the Clinton campaign. 
Earlier this month, Vice President Joe Biden reported that he has informed Russia of an imminent retaliatory hack, and says the Obama Administration will pick a time which will 'have the greatest impact.' Russia has denied any involvement in the hacks.  

ARTICLE

  Zero Hedge 
Having unveiled the first images of its new nuclear missile capable of reaching US soil, Russian President Vladimir Putin is warning today that Washington's actions are 'pushing Russian into a nuclear arms race,' forcing Russia 'to develop its nuclear attack systems.' 
Yesterday, Russia reveals photos of a new highly advanced liquid fuelled heavy ICBM capable of evading anti-missile defences and hitting US territory with 10 tonne nuclear payload. 
The Makeyev Design Bureau – the designer of Russia's heavy liquid fuelled Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles ('ICBMs') – ie. of missiles capable of reaching US territory from Russian territory, has published the first picture of Russia's new heavy Sarmat ICBM which is due to enter service shortly, probably in 2018. 
The picture is accompanied by a short statement which reads 
'In accordance with the Decree of the Russian Government 'On the State Defence Order for 2010 and the planning period 2012-2013,' the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau was instructed to start design and development work on the Sarmat. In June 2011, the Bureau and the Russian Ministry of Defense signed a state contract for the Sarmat's development. The prospective strategic missile system is being developed in order to assuredly and effectively fulfil objectives of nuclear deterrent by Russia's strategic forces.' 
And now today, Putin explains: *PUTIN: INTERMEDIATE NUCLEAR FORCES TREATY SHOULD BE OBSERVED *PUTIN: RUSSIA, U.S. MUST BREAK VICIOUS CIRCLE OF CONFRONTATION *PUTIN: RUSSIA HAS TO DEVELOP ITS NUCLEAR ATTACK SYSTEMS *PUTIN: U.S. PUSHED RUSSIA TO ARMS RACE IN NUCLEAR SPHERE 
Perhaps even more worrying are the comments from Obama administration officials declaration that war with Russia was all but inevitable (via AntiWar's Jason Ditz) , 
'With some Obama Administration officials openly advocating starting a war with Russia over Syria, it is noteworthy that a lot of top Pentagon officials are treating the conflict as all but inevitable. Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley hyped Russian modernization efforts, but declared that they ' will lose to the American Army. ' 
'Russian officials have been cognizant of the possibility, insisting that Russia 'can now fight a conventional war in Europe,' comments which Gen. Milley dismissed as 'bluster, hubris, bravado.' and insisting that war with other nation-states 'is almost guaranteed.' 
'Joint Chiefs chairman Gen. Joe Dunford also complained about recent modernization efforts within the Russian military, claiming that they are threatening American interests with their capabilities, while Deputy Defense Secretary Bob Work referred to them as America's 'competitor.' 
'Of course, the United States spends many, many times what Russia does on its military, but the fact that Russia has a proper military capable of defending the nation at all puts it in a total different category from most of America's recent wars, and Russia's massive nuclear arsenal makes it clear this is one war which, if the US launches it, they won't be able to win outright.' 
As ZeroHedge noted previously, by contrast the US strategic deterrent still relies on missile systems such as the ground-based Minuteman III and the sea launched Trident II, which have their origins in the 1960s and early 1970s. With the Sarmat missile, which is supposed to enter service in 2018, the Russians will add another powerful modern advanced system to their strategic armory.  

ARTICLE

In our previous article The Secret Truth about Russia Exposed, we elaborated on how Russia is a convenient enemy for politicians and specifically the Democratic party, to create an enemy that really , well - doesn't exist to distract and confuse voters. But like with any 'enemy' if you bomb a village, you may have some pissed off villagers. As we explain in our best selling book Splitting Pennies - the world doesn't work the way you see on TV - in fact, it works more closely as seen on Zero Hedge. 
Although Russia simply is just a country in the wrong place at the wrong time (which, throughout Russian history, seems to be a theme for them) - there really is a reason the Elite hate Russia. It's not because they're Xenophobic, although there's that too - it's because of several key factors that make Russia a unique power in the world, compared to similar countries. 
1. Russia is an independent country. It's not possible to manipulate Russia via external remote control, like it is most countries. The Elite don't like that! Russia kicked out Soros "Open Society": Russia has banned a pro-democracy charity founded by hedge fund billionaire George Soros, saying the organization posed a threat to both state security and the Russian constitution. In a statement released Monday morning, Russia's General Prosecutor's Office said two branches of Soros' charity network — the Open Society Foundations (OSF) and the Open Society Institute (OSI) — would be placed on a "stop list" of foreign non-governmental organizations whose activities have been deemed "undesirable" by the Russian state. 
2. Russia is not easy to cripple via clandestine means, whether it be CIA, MI6, or outright military conflict. Some other BRICs however, that's not the case. Say what you will about Russia's military - it's on par and in many cases, advanced, compared to the US military. And that's not AN opinion, that's in the opinion of top US military commanders: Late in September, we brought you ' US Readies Battle Plans For Baltic War With Russia ' in which we described a series of thought experiments undertaken by The Pentagon in an effort to determine what the likely outcome would be should something go horribly 'wrong' on the way to landing the US in a shooting war with Russia in the Balkans. 
The results of those thought experiments were not encouraging. As a reminder, here's how Foreign Policy summed up the exercises: 
3. Russian culture, and language, is too complex for the average "Elite" who pretends to be internationally well versed because they had a few semesters of French. For example, when the diplomat Clinton was Secretary of State, she presented a reset button translating the opposite meaning... ooops. "I would like to present you with a little gift that represents what President Obama and Vice President Biden and I have been saying and that is: 'We want to reset our relationship, and so we will do it together.' ... 
"We worked hard to get the right Russian word. Do you think we got it?" she asked Lavrov, laughing. 'You got it wrong," said Lavrov, as both diplomats laughed. 
'It should be 'perezagruzka' [the Russian word for reset]," said Lavrov."This says 'peregruzka,' which means 'overcharged.'' 
Yes, it's almost a certainty that if Clinton by some horrible fate is President there will be Nuclear war. Wars have been started over much more subtle mistakes. One would think, that Clinton would have had an advisor CHECK THIS before presenting it in a public ceremony, in front of reporters? How much more blatantly unprofessional can one be? If politicians worked in the private sector, they wouldn't last a day! How do these people advance so far in politics? 
4. Plain and simple, the Elite do not control Russia. While there are backchannels of Russian oligarchs that work directly with Western Rothschild interests, for example, they simply don't have the same level of control as they do European countries, like Germany for instance. Or another good example is China, there's this fanatical talk that China can dump US Treasuries blah blah blah the fact is that China is completely dependent on USA and US Dollars, and will be for the rest of our lives. Maybe in 1000 years in the Dong Dynasty still to come they will rule the world but it's not going to happen anytime soon. 
Russia is one of the most highly misunderstood cultures in the West. Which is strange, because Russia is more like America than any European country: Both Russia and America share huge landmasses with large undeveloped territory Both Russia and America are predominantly white christian majorities (although in last decades, America tries to be more of a melting pot whereas Russia favors ethnic cleansing) Both Russia and America fought against Hitler and the Nazis during World War 2, the defining event of the last 60 years 
There have been numerous interesting situations where Russia helped America and America helped Russia on a number of levels, to learn more about it checkout the following books: 
Wall Street and the Bolshevik Revolution . Armand Hammer: The Untold Story 
Most interestingly, during the Nixon administration Kissinger was prodding Nixon to partner with Russia that would, in Kissinger's view would create an unstoppable alliance, that no one could compete with such a superpower axis. But, it didn't happen, as there were 'neo-cons' who were against it, mostly Polish Catholics who have some deep genetic fear of any culture using the Cyrillic alphabet. 
Nixon instead chose China (what a mistake!) and created Forex. But the point being that, through a small slip of fate, "China" may have been in this alternative Kissinger reality the 'Great Evil Enemy' hacking our elections, as we drive across the Alaskan-Siberian highway without any speed limit, oil would be ten cents a gallon, and we wouldn't need to war with the Middle East. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at Chronicles 
Edward Lozansky is president of the American University in Moscow. 
Jim Jatras is a former U.S. diplomat and foreign policy adviser to the Senate GOP leadership. He recently published a major study, ' How American Media Serves as a Transmission Belt for Wars of Choice .' 
Perhaps one of the most used and abused political expressions in recent years has been that of 'American exceptionalism.' Politicians and commentators routinely invoke it as high principle and accuse their opponents of insufficient devotion to it, or contrariwise blame it for all the ills of the world. 
For example, in 2013, Russian President Vladimir Putin ruffled many Americans' feathers: 
'It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as exceptional, whatever the motivation. . . . We are all different, but when we ask for the Lord's blessings, we must not forget that God created us equal.' 
Hillary Clinton weighed in on exceptionalism in an August speech before the American Legion, in which she also took a swipe at Donald Trump : 
The United States is an exceptional nation. . . . But, in fact, my opponent in this race has said very clearly that he thinks American exceptionalism is insulting to the rest of the world. In fact, when Vladimir Putin, of all people, criticized American exceptionalism, my opponent agreed with him, saying, and I quote, 'if you're in Russia, you don't want to hear that America is exceptional.' Well maybe you don't want to hear it, but that doesn't mean it's not true. 
It needs to be asked, though: when people praise or criticize 'American exceptionalism,' are they always talking about the same thing? 
America, like any country, has its own distinctive history, culture, and traditions. America's unique founding principles—consent of the governed, due process, constitutionally limited division of powers, representative government—justly have been an inspiration to the world for over two centuries. Thomas Jefferson wrote of the 'palpable truth, that the mass of mankind has not been born with saddles on their backs, nor a favored few booted and spurred, ready to ride them legitimately, by the grace of God.' 
This 'exceptional' idea was new in human history. Any American worthy of the name justly takes pride in it. This is the genuine American exceptionalism of Washington, Jefferson, and Madison, lately championed by Reagan. The fact that we have strayed so far from it, both domestically and internationally, is shameful. 
The unique moral revolution to which the Founding Fathers pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor has little connection to the bastard term (usually capitalized as 'American Exceptionalism') that describes post-Cold War U.S. global behavior, by which policymakers in Washington assert both an exclusive 'leadership' privilege and unsupportable obligation to undertake open-ended international missions in the name of the 'Free World' and the 'international community.' This is the counterfeit 'Exceptionalism' of a tiny clique of bipartisanapparatchiki—GOP 'neoconservatives' and Democrat 'liberal interventionists' and their mainstream media mouthpieces —who have little regard for our country's oldest traditions or the security and welfare of the American people. 
This second kind of Exceptionalism means that the rules we demand of other countries don't apply to us (so much for Jefferson's appeal in the Declaration of Independence to 'a decent respect to the opinions of mankind'). Its proponents justify 'regime change' in Iraq, Libya, Syria, and Ukraine, maybe in Russia too . They have wasted trillions of Americans' tax dollars in the process of making us less safe, not more. Now the Obama Administration is willing to risk confronting Moscow and sparking a new world war in a bid to save al-Qaeda in Aleppo. As Trump has noted: ' You're going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton .' 
It is this debased and dangerous kind of Exceptionalism that Hillary represents. Closely related is her concept of America's 'indispensability' : 
'We are the indispensable nation. People all over the world look to us and follow our lead. . . . When America fails to lead, we leave a vacuum that either causes chaos or other countries or networks rush in to fill the void.' 
It's no coincidence she is preferred by self-regarded indispensable hacks of both parties who have been up to their elbows in every foreign mess since Reagan. Starting next year, they are eager to give us more of the same. 
For genuine patriots, the true, uniquely American exceptionalism of the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution is our precious inheritance. America's true exceptionalism is the antithesis of what Hillary and her acolytes intend, as attested by John Quincy Adams : 'Wherever the standard of freedom and independence has been or shall be unfurled, there will [America's] heart, her benedictions and her prayers be. But she goes not abroad in search of monsters to destroy. She is the well-wisher to the freedom and independence of all. She is the champion and vindicator only of her own.' 
In scouring the world for monsters to destroy Hillary's perversion of authentic American principles has more in common with Soviet universalism than the vision of the Founders. In pursuing ' benevolent global hegemony ' the supposed indispensables suggest that other countries and peoples are dispensable—or disposable. In the process, Americans' freedoms have become disposable too. This is, in a word, un-American—a good old expression that needs to make a comeback. 
Genuine American exceptionalism and the 'America First' policies of Donald Trump don't mean our withdrawal from the world. U.S. primacy in a multipolar system is something most countries, including Russia and China, would be prepared to accept, however grudgingly. But continuing down the road Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, and George W. Bush have blazed for a quarter century promises us just more war, more enemies, and eventual catastrophe. It's a mistake America cannot afford to make. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Your daily reality snack Moscow Working on Arranging Israel-Palestine Summit 
Since the United States cannot or will not act as an honest broker in the middle east, Russia is taking over the job Originally appeared at Sputnik 
Russia continues to conduct a thorough preparation for the first Israeli-Palestinian summit in Moscow in order to ensure that it does not become "a meeting for the sake of the meeting," Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Gennady Gatilov said on Friday. 
"Here you need to strive for it to be done at the appropriate time. It is necessary to conduct a thorough preparation for the meeting so that it would really be productive … not just a meeting for the sake of the meeting," Gatilov said during his visit to Israel. 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas earlier announced their support for Moscow's effort to mediate any talks on the resolution of Israeli-Palestinian conflict, but laid responsibility on each other for the fact that the meeting had not been agreed yet. 
In late September, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told a press conference following his address to the UN General Assembly that Moscow continued working with both Israel and Palestine to resume negotiations, noting that the parties were not equally eager to consider the initiative. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Citizen journalism with a punch Vladimir Putin's Top Quotes From the 2016 Valdai Forum Originally appeared at RT 
The US should stop brazenly blaming Russia for the situation in Syria as it may face an equally harsh response, Russian President Vladimir Putin warned at the Valdai forum in Sochi, also addressing American exceptionalism, Trump and other issues. 
Does anyone seriously think that Russia can somehow influence the choice of the American people? Is America some sort of a banana republic? America is a great state. Correct me, please, if I'm wrong. 58125553c36188bc718b4679.jpg 
On the US media switching from portraying Trump as Russia's enemy to Kremlin's favorite: 
This is complete and utter rubbish… a way of manipulating the public consciousness ahead of the US presidential election

ARTICLE

Putin Says It's Too Early for Him to Retire 
Putin expressed the opinion at the Valdai International Discussion Forum in Sochi Originally appeared at Russia & India Report 
Russian President Vladimir Putin believes the time has not yet come for him to retire. He expressed this opinion at the Valdai International Discussion Forum in Sochi. 
"The moderator wished me a pleasant retirement, I have the same wish for myself, only when the time comes. This is the right thing that needs to be done but I haven't retired yet, I am an acting head of a large state so I should be reserved, and refrain from expressing unnecessary aggressiveness," Putin said. 
According to him, belligerence is not his style. Nevertheless, he was confident that in front of the Valdai Club audience one should be very honest otherwise the discussion would be boring and dry. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at The Blog Mire 
Following on from her recent piece for Time magazine , in which she so eloquently explained why America is indispensable and exceptional, TheBlogMire brings you an exclusive piece in which Mrs Clinton explains why an indispensable and exceptional nation must have an indispensable and exceptional leader. 
(Warning: May contain traces of satire) 
If there's one core belief that has guided and inspired me every step of my career in public service, it's this: I am an exceptional woman. A great, unselfish, compassionate woman, to paraphrase Robert Kennedy. And when you add up all my advantages, it's clear I'm indispensable too – someone all others can look to for leadership. 
And what I'm really excited about is not just that I'm indispensable, but that I'm about to become President of the indispensable nation. An indispensable nation needs an indispensable woman. An indispensable woman needs an indispensable nation. It's a match made in heaven, which is why I am asking you to help me break the glass ceiling on November 8th – so that together we can become even more exceptional than we already are. 
So what makes me so indispensable? 
I'm indispensable in part because of my love for our armed forces. Our military is the greatest in history, with the best troops, training and technology, and I believe it is a travesty that we are not using it to its full potential. It's essential we do everything we can to support our men and women in uniform, and I intend to do just that by sending our brave soldiers on important missions around the globe from day one of my presidency. 
I'm indispensable because of my commitment to the truth. Throughout my career, I've always sought to stay close to the truth. I know that there's a lot of folks out there who say I'm corrupt. But those who know me closest will tell you that this isn't the real Hillary. Ask those who know me best. Ask my husband Bill. He'll tell you. Ask my campaign chairman John Podesta. He'll tell you. Ask Lloyd Blankfein, CEO at Goldman Sachs. He'll tell you. Ask some of our closest allies in places like Saudi Arabia. They'll tell you. They will all tell you about the real Hillary, and that my commitment to honesty and fighting corruption is second to none. It may even be my most exceptional quality. Alongside humility. 
I'm also indispensable because of my network of alliances and supporters. You only have to look at who they are. Has there ever been a candidate in the entire history of our exceptional nation that has managed to get the backing of the entire media and corporate America? I don't think so. But it does tell you something, doesn't it? I humbly submit that it speaks volumes that some of the most important people in our exceptional country are prepared to place their trust in me. 
I'm indispensable because, unlike Donald Trump, I don't need to rely on the help of people like Vladimir Putin and countries like Russia to help get me elected. Can you imagine me having to rely on Putin and Russia to get elected? Of course I've had to bring Putin and Russia up in this campaign from time to time, not because I want to keep bringing Putin and Russia into it. In fact, the only reason I've occasionally mentioned Putin and Russia is not because I want to keep talking about Putin and Russia, but because I have to keep taking about Putin and Russia because Trump is depending on Putin and Russia to get him elected and so I have to draw attention to Putin and Russia. But trust me, if I had my way I wouldn't bring Putin and Russia up at all. 
I'm indispensable because of my commitment to helping countries get rid of their dictators, and establishing democracy and peace. Like Libya, for example. We came. We saw. He died. And the Libyans got their liberty. 
Most of all, I'm ­indispensable — and exceptional — because of my values. 
Take my commitment to human rights, which I have shown by being one of the most vocal supporters of a woman's right to terminate her pregnancy, right up to a few seconds before the thing inside her becomes a human. 
Take my commitment to raising money, which my husband and I have shown through our tireless work with the Clinton Foundation, and in making hundreds of speeches for various organisations. 
Take my commitment to making the world a better place, which I've shown time and time again by saying things like 'love trumps hate'. Which it does, doesn't it? I'm proud of that expression. 
But with all of these advantages comes ­responsibility – I need to lead the world. You need me to lead the world. Because if I fail to lead, I will leave a vacuum that lets extremists, Putin and Russia, haters, bigots, the intolerant, Putin and Russia, the severely backwards , the Julian Assange's of this world,Putin and Russia – Baskets of Deplorables – take root everywhere. 
Of course, being exceptional doesn't mean that other people don't also have something to offer — maybe they do. But I have an unparalleled ability to be a force for peace, progress and prosperity around the world, which I intend to demonstrate on day one of my presidency, by standing up to Putin and Russia and showing Putin and Russia who's boss. 
I'll never stop doing good. Never. That's what makes me great. I'm good because I'm great, and I'll tell you one thing, I'll never stop. 
That's why I'm indispensable. 
Let's keep me exceptional. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Citizen journalism with a punch Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors 
﻿ War is first and foremost a profitable racket   The Nation 
﻿Washington, DC, may be the only place in the world where people openly flaunt their pseudo-intellectuality by banding together, declaring themselves 'think tanks,' and raising money from external interests, including foreign governments, to compile reports that advance policies inimical to the real-life concerns of the American people. 
As a former member of the House of Representatives, I remember 16 years of congressional hearings where pedigreed experts came to advocate wars in testimony based on circular, rococo thinking devoid of depth, reality, and truth. I remember other hearings where the Pentagon was unable to reconcile over $1 trillion in accounts, lost track of $12 billion in cash sent to Iraq, and rigged a missile-defense test so that an interceptor could easily home in on a target. War is first and foremost a profitable racket. 
How else to explain that in the past 15 years this city's so called bipartisan foreign policy elite has promoted wars in Iraq and Libya, and interventions in Syria and Yemen, which have opened Pandora's box to a trusting world, to the tune of trillions of dollars, a windfall for military contractors. DC's think 'tanks' should rightly be included in the taxonomy of armored war vehicles and not as gathering places for refugees from academia. 
According to the front page of this past Friday's Washington Post, the bipartisan foreign-policy elite recommends the next president show less restraint than President Obama. Acting at the urging of 'liberal' hawks brandishing humanitarian intervention, read war, the Obama administration attacked Libya along with allied powers working through NATO. 
The think tankers fell in line with the Iraq invasion. Not being in the tank, I did my own analysis of the call for war in October of 2002, based on readily accessible information, and easily concluded that there was no justification for war. I distributed it widely in Congress and led 125 Democrats in voting against the Iraq war resolution. There was no money to be made from a conclusion that war was uncalled for, so, against millions protesting in the United States and worldwide, our government launched into an abyss, with a lot of armchair generals waving combat pennants. The marching band and chowder society of DC think tanks learned nothing from the Iraq and Libya experience. 
The only winners were arms dealers, oil companies, and jihadists. Immediately after the fall of Libya, the black flag of Al Qaeda was raised over a municipal building in Benghazi, Gadhafi's murder was soon to follow, with Secretary Clinton quipping with a laugh, 'We came, we saw, he died.' President Obama apparently learned from this misadventure, but not the Washington policy establishment, which is spoiling for more war. 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America's current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on 'mission accomplished.' CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
The Brookings Institute has taken tens of millions from foreign governments , notably Qatar, a key player in the military campaign to oust Assad. Retired four-star Marine general John Allen is now a Brookings senior fellow . Charles Lister is a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute , which has received funding from Saudi Arabia , the major financial force providing billions in arms to upend Assad and install a Sunni caliphate stretching across Iraq and Syria. Foreign-government money is driving our foreign policy. 
As the drumbeat for an expanded war gets louder, Allen and Lister jointly signed an op-ed in the Sunday Washington Post, calling for an attack on Syria. The Brookings Institute, in a report to Congress , admitted it received $250,000 from the US Central Command, Centcom, where General Allen shared leadership duties with General David Petraeus.Pentagon money to think tanks that endorse war? This is academic integrity, DC-style. 
And why is Central Command, as well as the Food and Drug Administration, the US Department of transportation, and the US Department of Health and Human Services giving money to Brookings? 
﻿ Former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, who famously told Colin Powell , 'What's the point of having this superb military you're always talking about if we can't use it,' predictably says of this current moment , 'We do think there needs to be more American action.' A former Bush administration top adviser is also calling for the United States to launch a cruise missile attack on Syria. 
The American people are fed up with war, but a concerted effort is being made through fearmongering, propaganda, and lies to prepare our country for a dangerous confrontation, with Russia in Syria. 
The demonization of Russia is a calculated plan to resurrect a raison d'être for stone-cold warriors trying to escape from the dustbin of history by evoking the specter of Russian world domination. 
It's infectious. Earlier this year the BBC broadcast a fictional show that contemplated WWIII, beginning with a Russian invasion of Latvia (where 26 percent of the population is ethnic Russian and 34 percent of Latvians speak Russian at home). 
The imaginary WWIII scenario conjures Russia's targeting London for a nuclear strike. No wonder that by the summer of 2016 a poll showed two-thirds of UK citizens approved the new British PM's launching a nuclear strike in retaliation. So much for learning the lessons detailed in the Chilcot report. 
As this year's presidential election comes to a conclusion, the Washington ideologues are regurgitating the same bipartisan consensus that has kept America at war since 9/11 and made the world a decidedly more dangerous place. 
The DC think tanks provide cover for the political establishment, a political safety net, with a fictive analytical framework providing a moral rationale for intervention, capitol casuistry. I'm fed up with the DC policy elite who cash in on war while presenting themselves as experts, at the cost of other people's lives, our national fortune, and the sacred honor of our country. 
Any report advocating war that comes from any alleged think tank ought to be accompanied by a list of the think tank's sponsors and donors and a statement of the lobbying connections of the report's authors. 
It is our patriotic duty to expose why the DC foreign-policy establishment and its sponsors have not learned from their failures and instead are repeating them, with the acquiescence of the political class and sleepwalkers with press passes. 
It is also time for a new peace movement in America, one that includes progressives and libertarians alike, both in and out of Congress, to organize on campuses, in cities, and towns across America, to serve as an effective counterbalance to the Demuplican war party, its think tanks, and its media cheerleaders. The work begins now, not after the Inauguration. We must not accept war as inevitable, and those leaders who would lead us in that direction, whether in Congress or the White House, must face visible opposition.  

ARTICLE

Putin Rejects Russian Army's Calls to Resume Aleppo Airstrikes 
Putin believes resumption of Aleppo air strikes unnecessary for now   Antiwar.com 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has officially rejected a request from his nation's Defense Ministry to endorse a resumption of Russian airstrikes against the Syrian city of Aleppo, after 10 straight days of no Russian airstrikes being conducted. 
Russia launched a brief ceasefire in Aleppo last week, and extended it for four days. Even after it officially expired, they have not resumed strikes against the city, with officials saying they want to convince Western nations to separate the moderate rebel factions within East Aleppo from the al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front. 
So far that's not been working so well, as indeed separating the two was the primary goal of a weeklong ceasefire a month ago, and a public US call to separate never amounted to anything. After that, the idea appears to have been given up on by the US, and Russia has also sought Turkey and Saudi Arabia's influence on the more moderate factions. 
As the rebel factions are launching a new offensive trying to brief the Aleppo siege, the Russian defense ministry has gone to the unusual step of publicly announcing their request to Putin, and Putin's very public rejection may suggest there is some debate within the Russian leadership on how to proceed.  

ARTICLE

Taming the corporate media beast The Crisis of the European Union Is Irreversible 
The political-economic block and its common currency cannot be salvaged Donate! The author is an Italian industrialist and honorary member of the Academy of Science of the Institut de France 
According to a well-known Italian Research Centre, from 2003 to 2014 the European single currency cost an 11% GDP reduction throughout the Eurozone and 18 million additional unemployed people. Conversely, as a result of the Maastricht agreement only, throughout the Eurozone we have lost 8 million jobs and an additional 5% of Gross Domestic Product, owing to the obligation to eliminate deficit and cut investment. Furthermore, the report of said Research Centre shows that, again in late 2014, the average EU unemployment rate was approximately 11.6%. In a scenario of parity with the dollar, the EU unemployment in the Eurozone would have been 5.8%, more or less the same as the US rate in that phase. Hence a monetary policy characterized by an excessive overvaluation of the European currency blocked both exports and the internal market at the same time. Furthermore, it created the conditions for a deterioration of public budgets in terms of deficit and debt. In fact, again at the end of 2014, the Eurozone recorded a public deficit totalling 269 billions which, without the single currency, would even be turned into a surplus of 165 billion euro, with a difference equal to 445 billions. In terms of GDP percentage, the difference would be 4.1 points while, with specific reference to the Eurozone's public debt, we would have had three trillion euro less. Only for Italy, as many as 400 billion public debt less. Working on this assumption, all current evils would have been avoided if there had not been the overvaluation of the euro against the dollar. There would have not been the massive impact of the financial crisis coming from the United States, at first with Lehman Brothers' bankruptcy on September 15, 2008 and later with the recurrent banking crises in Europe, which put a strain on the public finances of major European governments. Considering that all EU governments were accustomed to borrow huge sums directly from the banking system, we can imagine the effects of the financial and credit crisis on the various European countries' budgets. It is worth recalling that the United States have never liked the euro – quite the reverse they have always considered it "imaginative and useless", as former President George Bush I stated in recently-published public papers. Reading between the lines of its official documents, the EU itself maintains that the financial crisis came from the United States and that it made serious mistakes. Also according to the EU official documents, the mistakes were allegedly the following: 1) too much attention focused on the public budget deficit on an yearly basis, without being too much worried about the public debt as a whole. According to European standards, the EU government submitted reduced annual budgets for obtaining EU funding - later obviously the public debt increased anyway and real trouble came. Also thanks to the EU operating logic, the naive myth that the crisis was not structural and could be managed with some cosmetic measures has led to the current decline. Said decline has been triggered off by the rapid growth of interest rates on the EU Southern countries' public debt. 2) Again according to the EU papers, there has also been a lack of surveillance over competitiveness and macroeconomic imbalances. This is not great news. However, there is always someone who benefits from the economic disharmonies – just to use the old terminology of the remarkable Italian philosopher Mario Calderoni - while others stand to lose as a result of them. There has never been a solidarity-based Europe during crises, but only in "good times". Therefore, in the losing countries, we recorded growing indebtedness of the private sector, not controlled owing to the myth of companies' autonomy - and hence an increasing weakening of banks. The other EU "winning" countries took over the losers' market shares. Again, instead of imposing draconian penalties which worsen the economic problems, we should have supported the weakest economies and the most unbalanced ones in terms of trade with the United States. The United States exported their mass of bad loans, disguised as new securities, to the European Union, the financial enemy that had dreamt of relegating the dollar to the rank of a Euro ancillary currency. There was also this geopolitical war within the crisis of the European currency. Moreover, the European Central Bank aimed at maintaining financial stability but, by statute, it could not buy public debt from other non-EU countries, as all issuing banks do. This is the main way in which central banks can nip in the bud speculative attempts against them. Furthermore, in Italy, as in other South Europe's economies, foreign competition has kept wages at very low levels and, in dealing with competition for exports, our political and economic structure has only reduced the labour incomes almost to the level of the worst competitor. 3) Another EU public self-criticism is relating to the slow decision-making mechanism: the European establishment has interpreted the small shocks of the global crisis as isolated phenomena and not as a common geoeconomic problem. Hence the slow pace and often the ineffectiveness of the EU "solutions". And this faced with a "market" - if we may call it so - of investors who, as soon as they saw the crisis in the South, played a downward game or went away quickly. Good old days when the Treasury rightly bought the unsold debt securities at the Bank of Italy's auctions. And, it is worth noting that, in so doing, it did not create inflation at all. Currently, however, markets are fast like jackals, which smell corpses, while States have been slow as marmots. This is the real problem of today's politicians. States must increase their pace and be very quick and capable of understanding both adverse media and the political and military operations which are objectively dangerous for them. Moreover considering that, at the time, the public debt securities were held mostly by banks, their default was possible and easy to take place. Today there is a new crisis looming large on Europe, namely the crisis of non-performing loans: in Portugal, Italy and Spain, but also in some North European countries, the non-performing loans are worth over 540 billion euro. Hence shortly another European debt crisis will materialize. 4) Currently the European Union is basically a Gaullist-style "Europe of States"– even though it strongly denies so. Hence the idea of ​creating the "United States of Europe" is extraordinary nonsense: the EU Member States are so different from one another, and with such a diversified economy, that these "United States of Europe" would create more contrasts internally than externally, namely with the United States of America, Russia and China. Not to mention that, with a view to becoming today's USA, America had to undergo a wide civil war, whose echoes are not completely over even today. 5) Moreover, the united Europe - and I am talking about the Euro zone - will be increasingly entangled in an area of ​​structural deflation which condemns 'Italy, together with other less economically strong countries, to face an indefinite period of very low growth rates. On the contrary, the other North European countries will continue to grow and, above all, will not have to tackle the same problems we have, namely low wages and exports facing fierce competition, not protected by the Euro. 6) Hence what can be done? We must prepare for a slow but safe exit from the Euro, not waiting for the EU "bureaucratic Caesarism", as well as redefining and protecting our export area. Then we must use our credit instruments and debt securities as alternative currency, where possible – as well as use some well-disguised protectionism also vis-à-vis the EU itself. Finally, we must rethink our overall strategy, which we have never done. The economic crises are always geopolitical crises. Furthermore we must fund the companies' technological upgrade projects with State funds, without waiting for the EU claims. Last but not least, we must put an end to young people's "brain drain". It is true that, as some liberal-masochists maintain, the current professions' market is global, but it is also true that the cost of their education and training has been borne by our State and our families. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at Strategic Culture Foundation 
Both inside the US and around the world, political observers have been waiting a long time for an election that would promise relief from the most noxious features of the American system. Alas, while it is high time that the US lead the way in reversing these trends, the outcome of the 18 month struggle to elect a new administration looks likely to scuttle all hopes for serious leadership and reform. 
I'm looking forward to a market crash to awaken the electorate out of our rut, honestly. Because if a Loony Tunes candidate {meaning Donald Trump – DK} doesn't give Democrats the courage to put up a push-left candidate {Bernie Sanders, or some facsimile – DK}, then catastrophe is the only correction we have left. – commenter «Snapshotist» 
Both inside the US and around the world, political observers have been waiting a long time for an election that would promise relief from the most noxious features of the American system, such as neoliberal economic austerity policies that hamstring governments' ability to maintain basic services and safety nets, military aggression and destabilization of regimes across a wide swathe of the globe, wholesale violation of privacy via NSA surveillance, trade agreements designed to maximize the power of international corporations over national governments, facilitation of fossil fuel extraction and infrastructure in the face of dire climate change consequences, a financial system sucking wealth away from the population and accelerating wealth inequality, and more. 
Alas, while it is high time that the US lead the way in reversing these trends, the outcome of the 18 month struggle to elect a new presidential administration looks likely to scuttle all hopes for serious leadership and reform on any of these critical issues. It follows, therefore, that in the near term (if not longer), progress will not be possible unless new forms of politics arise to deliver pressure from below on Washington, DC. But how much hope can we have for that? When will see this again? Crowds lining up hours in advance for a Bernie Sanders rally, New York, April 13th, 2016 
A Trump Contribution? 
By all indications, Clinton will win the election on November 8th, and virtually every political commentator will rejoice at the apparent demise of the Donald Trump phenomenon. As strange as it may seem, however, some of the passion of the Trump movement could provide fuel to the fire of reformist politics in the US. To be sure, Trump's campaign has gone far towards legitimizing and normalizing bigotry and ignorance, and this residue will persist. But Trump has also galvanized powerful resentment against an insular, self-serving political class. This sentiment dovetails with a major thrust of Bernie Sanders's advocacy of social democratic policies and empowerment of the population to reverse the accumulation of all power in the hands of wealthy campaign donors and corporations. 
Further, let us not forget, Trump has consistently promoted the idea of shelving antagonism towards Russia in favor of cooperation, together with reducing the role of the US military around the world. The point is not whether Trump genuinely means what he says (although one of his advisors who spoke with us insists that he does). The point is that Trump brought these positions out into the light, which has allowed increasing numbers of Americans to question the nation's reflexive reliance on military might, expansion, and aggression as a pillar of its foreign policy. If the left is truly serious about unseating Washington's neoliberal status quo, it should make every effort to harness some of the frustration that coalesced into the Trump movement towards broadly shared goals – getting the money out of politics being the most obvious. 
The Gullible Left 
For the moment, of course, the huge majority of the left is consumed with the impending election, and with the perceived imperative of defeating Trump by supporting Clinton as the «lesser evil» candidate. At first glance this seems eminently reasonable. But the certitude that has swept the country regarding the preferability of Clinton over Trump ought to give us pause. For those paying close attention, it is not necessarily clear which candidate is the lesser evil. The flaws marring each candidate are so grotesque, and the variables confronting the next administration are so uncertain, that one can easily support a case in either direction. A small segment of the left will reject both Brahmins and cast affirmative votes for Green Party candidate Jill Stein, of course. But the readiness of much of the left – the gullible left – to ignore Clinton's corruption, crimes, and cynicism is preemptively sapping the strength of the resistance that will be needed to push Madame President to pursue even half-baked progressive reforms on any issue. 
Meanwhile, as the gullible left and center coalesce meekly around Clinton, the real election is taking place behind the scenes: Clinton and her inner circle are lining up the key personnel who will largely determine the course of policy in her administration. Thanks to Wikileaks' publication of Clinton's current campaign chairman, John Podesta, we know very well that this process is far advanced by now. As David Dayen put it recently in « The New Republic »: 
If the 2008 Podesta emails are any indication, the next four years of public policy are being hashed out right now, behind closed doors.... Who gets these cabinet-level and West Wing advisory jobs matters as much as policy papers or legislative initiatives. It will inform executive branch priorities and responses to crises. It will dictate the level of enforcement of existing laws. It will establish the point of view of an administration and the advice Hillary Clinton will receive. Its importance cannot be stressed enough, and the process has already begun. This is a fight over who dominates the Democratic Party's policy thinking in the short and long term. 
Dayen adds that «...if liberals want to have an impact on that process, waiting until after the election will be too late». Well, one wonders why Dayen is so optimistic. Another Wikileaks release revealed that Clinton had more or less decided on Tim Kaine as her running mate all the way back in mid-2015 (!). Surely many of the top positions have long since been scripted, and for those still in play, can anyone – even David Dayen -- imagine public pressure making a difference in the selection? 
In short, the world should prepare itself for a Hillary Clinton administration that is full of Washington establishment clones and is diligently protected from criticism by a like-minded media establishment. Moreover, and more important, we can already see the Clinton administration maneuvering to avoid the gridlock that minimized President Obama's effectiveness by pushing key foreign and domestic policies further to the right, into the arms of the Republican Party. It is not difficult to locate telling indications on this score... «Sorry, I can't vote for Mrs. Strangelove» – commenter «natureboy» , renouncing Clinton for her hawkishness 
The implications of Clinton's ascendancy on US foreign policy are already coming into view, and they are more than a little disturbing. An article from Washington Post White House correspondent Greg Jaffe on October 20th delivered news just as bad as we expected: 
The Republicans and Democrats who make up the foreign policy elite are laying the groundwork for a more assertive American foreign policy via a flurry of reports shaped by officials who are likely to play senior roles in a potential Clinton White House.... the bipartisan nature of the recent recommendations, coming at a time when the country has never been more polarized, reflects a remarkable consensus among the foreign policy elite. This consensus is driven by a broad-based backlash against a president who has repeatedly stressed the dangers of overreach and the need for restraint, especially in the Middle East… Taken together, the studies and reports call for more-aggressive American action to constrain Iran, rein in the chaos in the Middle East and check Russia in Europe. 
Clinton is preparing a foreign policy more aggressive than Obama's, in other words. And – take note – she'll enjoy bipartisan support for it. «The entire concept is a form of corporate blackmail» -- David Dayen , characterizing Clinton's preparation of a tax repatriation policy that will permanently lower the tax obligations of large corporations. 
As far as domestic policy is concerned, meanwhile, all recent revelations point to a posture even more friendly to large corporate interests than that which has obtained under Obama. For example, an important investigation from David Dayen just a few days ago exposed the Clinton circle's coordination with top Democrats and Republicans in preparing an enormous and permanent reduction on taxation of profits corporations earn abroad. As journalist Matt Taibbi once described a similar proposal: «Let's give a big tax break to the biggest tax cheats». 
Yes, we can expect a few corporate-written trade deals to follow the tax reduction on profits earned overseas. And Wall Street will not be left out. Clinton has many options to assist her finance sector sponsors, including an important plan David Sirota and Avi Asher-Shapiro revealed last week. It would deliver hundreds of billions of dollars worth of individuals' retirement accounts into the hands of asset managers employing aggressive alternative investment strategies, and net the managers billions a year in fees. Campaign contributions do indeed bring corporations colossal returns in the US. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at Waking Times 
Americans are sleepwalking into World War III , and as events in Syria are shaping up it could come any moment as the biggest October surprise ever. At this stage in the conflict, we are one minor event away from all out war between the world's major super powers, an event which would most certainly result in nuclear war. All that is needed is for the right type of false flag event to serve as provocation. 
'In naval warfare, a 'false flag' refers to an attack where a vessel flies a flag other than their true battle flag before engaging their enemy. It is a trick, designed to deceive the enemy about the true nature and origin of an attack.' [ Source ] 
As the world pretends to be ruled by democratically elected governments, and as the world's people feign freedom under an ever-expanding surveillance, police and warfare state, some semblance of pretext is needed in order to manufacture sufficient consent for the oligarchy's standing plans of forcing us into expansion of the Orwellian Permanent War . A brief look at how this tactic has historically been used helps to predict what is certainly forthcoming in Syria, as paraphrased from James Corbett of the Corbett Report . 
1780's – The Swedish-Russian War of 1788-1790 began when Swedish troops were intentionally dressed up as Russian troops then sent to attack their own border with Finland, effectively tricking the public into believing Russia had attacked, thereby kicking off a war will killed thousands. 
1931 – The Japanese army deliberately destroyed a portion of a Japanese owned railway, then blamed it on Chinese dissidents to justify the military occupation of Manchuria . 
1939 – Nazi war engineers dressed up Polish prisoners in Polish military uniforms and directed them to attack a German radio station. They prisoners were shot dead and their bodies left on the scene as evidence of Polish aggression, leading to Hitler's invasion of Poland, signifying the official start of World War II. 
1954 – Operation Susannah was an Israeli effort to convince the British military to continue their military presence in the Suez Canal, in support of Israeli interests. Egyptian patsies were hired to detonate bombs in American and British civilian targets, then blamed on the Muslim Brotherhood. 
1962 –'In 1962 the US Joint Chiefs of Staff authored a document called Operation Northwoods calling for the US government to stage a series of fake attacks, including the shooting down of military or civilian US aircraft, the destruction of a US ship, sniper attacks in Washington, and other atrocities, to blame on the Cubans as an excuse for launching an invasion. President Kennedy refused to sign off on the plan and was killed in Dallas the next year.' [ Source ] 
1964 – A U.S. destroyer patrolling the Gulf of Tonkin was attacked by torpedoes, ostensibly by the North Vietnamese, thereby causing President Johnson the authorization of the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution, thus beginning U.S. military involvement in Vietnam. It is now known that no attack actually occurred and that the NSA was involved in fabricating this event. 
1967 –'In June 1967 the Israelis attacked the USS Liberty , a US Navy technical research ship, off the coast of Egypt. The ship was strafed relentlessly for hours in an apparent attempt to blame the attack on Egypt and draw the Americans into the Six Day War, but amazingly the crew managed to keep it afloat. In 2007 newly released NSA intercepts confirmed that the Israelis knew they were attacking an American ship, not an Egyptian ship as their cover story has maintained.' [ Source ] 
1999 – A series of devastating bombings on civilian apartment buildings in Russia were blamed on Chechen terrorists, although Russian FSB agents were later caught using the exact same type of bombs in what was publicly called a security exercise. 
2001 – The 9/11 attacks in New York and Washington were blamed on 19 Al Qaeda terrorists and immediately used the pretext for beginning the Global War on Terror , of which the political doctrine for this was already in place and in play. 15 years later , information about the true nature of the attacks is still surfacing, proving that the 9/11 Commission was a whitewash to help catalyze public support still ongoing wars which were planned prior to 9/11 . 
'Further, the process of transformation [of the military], even if it brings revolutionary change, is likely to be a long one, absent some catastrophic and catalyzing event––like a new Pearl Harbor.' –[ Source ] 
Furthermore, other examples of historical significance demonstrate how minor or ambiguous events are seized on and deliberately used as propaganda to achieve the greater objective of drawing nations into war. 
1915 – The sinking of the British ocean liner The Lusitania off the coast of Ireland, which was carrying tons of war materials from America, was blamed on German u-boats, leading to a severe diplomatic row which brought the United States into World War I. Speculation remains as to what exactly happened to the Lusitania, however, the official explanation is highly suspicious , and the event was used to achieve the objectives of war financiers to broaden the conflict. 
1933 – A German parliamentary building in the Reichstag was set ablaze one month after Hitler's election to the office of Chancellor. It is believed that three Bulgarian communists were to blame, however this is contentious among historians. The event was heavily propagandized by the Nazi party to galvanize support for war. 
One can also include in this list an ever-growing growing handful of European and American domestic terror attacks such as the London bombings of 2005 , and the Bataclan theatre massacre of Paris in 2015 . To further expand on the historical precedent of using false flag attacks to propel agendas of state aggression, many instances of assassination and military intervention into the politics of sovereign nations around the world in order create consent for militarism could be included. Final Thoughts 
As the U.S. continues to aid and support ISIS, Al-Nusra and other terrorist organizations in its ploy to overthrow the Assad government for the primary benefit of Israel, a false flag event signaling the beginning of a direct confrontation with Russia could come at any time. At present it looks as though the most likely scenario would be something along the lines of the USS Liberty attack, which would involve the deliberate targeting of our own forces while creating the perception of a Russian attack on U.S. or NATO components. 
The situation in Syria is ripe for exactly this kind of covert, subversive tactic. There is historical precedence to suggest that a Syrian false flag event is imminent, therefore people the world over must prepare to resist and to survive this. Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Taming the corporate media beast The Ossetians: From Nomads and Warriors to the Artists of the Caucasus 
A people that miraculously survived in the mountains after the Tatar-Mongolian invasions of the Middle Ages, today the Ossetians are renowned for being the creative intelligentsia of the Caucasus and the custodians of an unusual form of Christianity   RBTH 
For Alik Pagayev, an Ossetian who manages a troupe at the Narty Theater in Vladikavkaz, creativity is in the blood of his people. 
'I was born in a mountain village and we had this joke: 'Throw a balalaika out of your window, anyone who catches it can play it,' he says. 
Vladikavkaz, the capital of North Ossetia, a small republic on Russia's southern edge bordering Georgia, is called the 'Caucasian St. Petersburg.' No other city in the North Caucasus has so many creative people: artists, photographers, designers and performers. 
Creative abilities, however, are not the only national trait of the Ossetians. Pagayev says that every Ossetian has military skills and talents for working with horses in their blood. Creative abilities are not the only national trait of the Ossetians. Alik Pagayev says that every Ossetian has military skills and talents for working with horses in their blood. Source: Anastasia Stepanova 
Open-mindedness to new cultures 
The Ossetians are descended from Iranian-speaking nomads – the Scythians and the Sarmatians. In historical writings from the 2nd century A.D. these tribes were known for their serious military and political might. 
By the 11th century A.D. the medieval kingdom of Alania had been established in the region. Its inhabitants were famous for their military skills: The main army consisted of the cavalry. Despite their glorious reputation, the Alans could not fight off the Tatar-Mongolian invasion and in the 14th century they were practically destroyed as a people. Only few hundred Alans remained in the mountains. However, the nation managed to survive and later it successfully assimilated in Russia. 
According to a 2010 census, today there are almost 700,000 Ossetians in the world, most of whom live in Russia. Most Ossetians live in North Ossetia (459,600 people), while in Moscow there are 7,900 Ossetians and in St. Petersburg slightly over 3,000. 
While 45,900 Ossetians live in the disputed territory of South Ossetia (recognized by just three nations, with the rest of the world continuing to see it as part of Georgia), they also live in Russia's other Caucasian republics. In Kabardino-Balkaria there are more than 9,000 Ossetians, in the Stavropol Territory there are almost 8,000 and there is even a separate Ossetian village in Karachay-Cherkessia with 3,100 inhabitants. There are also Ossetian diasporas in other countries. In Turkey the fraternity counts 37,000 members and in Georgia – 14,300 outside South Ossetia. 
'The Caucasus started to become a part of Russia in the 18th century. Our republic was one of the first,' explains Anna Kabisova, a photographer and photojournalist. osetia_woman_working.jpg 'The Ossetians are Christians. So it is easier for them, in comparison to the Muslim republics, to find common ground with the Russian population.' Source: Archive photo, 19th century 
'The Ossetians perceived these changes as a salvation since it is difficult to survive in the mountains and the intelligentsia understood that it was important to develop. A step towards Russia implied opportunity. Back then many Ossetians went to study in St. Petersburg. That is how this place acquired many artists, sculptors and then its own influential art school, its own distinguishing style,' she said. 
In her view, such open-mindedness to new cultures is also a national trait. 'The reason lies in religion. The Ossetians are Christians. So it is easier for them, in comparison to the Muslim republics, to find common ground with the Russian population.' 
Pies, beer and offerings to the gods 
Actually, the Christianity found in the republic is not entirely traditional. Pagan beliefs are also strong here. The Ossetians have dozens of popular religious celebrations with various rituals. There are symbolic peace sacrifices, for example, slaughtering a chicken or a sheep for guests at a feast. 
The famous Ossetian national pies are sacred food. These round, thin pies with meat, cheese and potatoes in the Ossetian worldview represent the sun. During a holiday each family places three pies on the table. They also have local breweries. anna_kabisova_b.jpg 'The Caucasus started to become a part of Russia in the 18th century. Our republic was one of the first,' explains Anna Kabisova, a photographer and photojournalist. Anna Kabisova 
For many occasions women brew beer according to the national recipe. The Ossetians have their own Oktoberfest. Each October Vladikavkaz holds an Ossetian beer festival/competition, to which Ossetians come from Russia and other countries. The drink, in its aspect and taste, is similar tokvas, the Russian malt drink, and is around 1.5-2 percent alcohol. 
The beer is brewed in a large cauldron over a fire. Its main ingredients are the typical ones: hops, malt. But there are also special ones such as lamb ribs and sugar – there are many different recipes. 
Not merchants 
'Ask me what I hate doing most and I'll respond: trading,' says Alik Pagayev, describing the national character. "The Ossetians don't have an entrepreneurial spirit. We have many talented artists, good athletes, especially in freestyle wrestling, horse breeders, but commerce is really not our thing.' 'Ask me what I hate doing most and I'll respond: trading,' says Alik Pagayev, describing the national character. Source: Archive photo, 19th century 
Pagayev also says that tolerance and tact are two other national traits. 
'I worked in [the neighboring republic of] Kabardino-Balkaria for three years and could not get used to the fact that they speak their national language. I would go to someone's house and they would speak their own language. I wouldn't understand anything and someone would have to translate the general meaning of the conversation. 
'In Ossetia it's not like that. If there's even one guest among us, we speak Russian. A friend of mine from Chechnya would often visit us and once he heard people speaking Ossetian on a street in Vladikavkaz. He was surprised because he had thought that we always speak Russian.' vladikavkaz_lori- 39468-a6_b.jpg Vladikavkaz, the capital of North Ossetia, a small republic on Russia's southern edge bordering Georgia, is called the 'Caucasian St. Petersburg.' Source: Lori/Legion-Media 
In fact, Pagayev explains, there are some young people who do not even know their national language, which he says is sad. 
'Our language must be preserved. At home my children speak only Ossetian. If I hear them speak Russian, I tell them, 'You'll speak Russian where you have to, but at home speak your native language,'' he says. 
Another important national trait is learning, he explains: 'People always wonder: A young guy from a remote mountain village goes to study in St. Petersburg or Moscow and in two years he fully integrates, speaks Russian without an accent and produces good results in his studies. This is an important trait. I think this is what helped our people survive the difficult times.'

ARTICLE

Media skeptic 'America Has Lost' in the Philippines as Duterte Calls for Alliance with Russia and China 
'Maybe I will also go to Russia and talk to Putin, and tell him there are three of us against the world - China, Philippines, and Russia'   Strategic Culture Foundation 
«Your honors, in this venue I announce my separation from the United States… both in military and economics also». 
Thus Philippines President Rodrigo «The Punisher» Duterte unleashed a geopolitical earthquake encompassing Eurasia and reverberating all across the Pacific Ocean. 
And talk about choosing his venue with aplomb; right in the heart of the Rising Dragon, no less. 
Capping his state visit to Beijing, Duterte then coined the mantra – pregnant with overtones - that will keep ringing all across the global South; «America has lost». 
And if that was not enough, he announced a new alliance – Philippines, China and Russia – is about to emerge; «there are three of us against the world». 
Predictably, the Beltway establishment in the «indispensable nation» went bananas, reacting as «puzzled» or in outright anger, dispersing the usual expletives on the «crude populist», «unhinged leader» . 
The bottom line is that it takes a lot of balls for the leader of a poor, developing country, in Southeast Asia or elsewhere, to openly defy the hyperpower. Yet what Duterte is gaming at is pure realpolitik; if he prevails, he will be able to deftly play the US against China to the benefit of Filipino interests. 
«The springtime of our relationship» 
It did start with a bang; during Duterte's China visit, Manila inked no less than $13 billion in deals with Beijing – from trade and investment to drug control, maritime security and infrastructure. 
Beijing pulled out all stops to make Duterte feel welcomed. 
President Xi Jinping suggested Manila and Beijing should «temporarily put aside» the intractable South China Sea disputes and learn from the «political wisdom» of history – as in give space to diplomatic talks. After all, the two peoples were «blood-linked brothers». 
Duterte replied in kind; «Even as we arrive in Beijing close to winter, this is the springtime of our relationship,» he told Xi at the Great Hall of the People. 
China is already the Philippines' second-largest trade partner, behind Japan, the US and Singapore. Filipino exports to these three are at roughly 42.7 percent of the total, compared to 22.1 to China / Hong Kong. Imports from China are roughly 16.1 percent of the total. Even as trade with China is bound to rise, what really matters for Duterte is massive Chinese infrastructure investment. 
What this will mean in practice is indeed ground-breaking; the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) will definitely be involved in Philippine economic development; Manila will be more involved in promoting smooth China-ASEAN relations in all sorts of regional issues (it takes the rotating chair of ASEAN in 2017); and the Philippines will be more integrated in the New Silk Roads, a.k.a. One Belt, One Road (OBOR). 
Three strikes; no wonder the US is out. And there's even a fourth strike, embedded in Duterte's promise that 
he will soon end military cooperation with the US, despite the opposition of part of the Filipino armed forces. 
Watch the First Island Chain 
The build-up had already been dramatic enough. On the eve of his meeting with Xi, talking to members of the Filipino community in Beijing, Duterte said, «it's time to say goodbye» to the US; «I will not ask but if they (the Chinese) offer and if they'll ask me, do you need this aid? [I will say] Of course, we are very poor». 
Then the clincher; «I will not go to America anymore … We will just be insulted there». 
The US was the colonial power in the Philippines from 1899 to 1942. Hollywood permeates the collective unconscious. English is the lingua franca – side by side with tagalog. But the tentacles of Uncle Sam's «protection» racket are not exactly welcomed. Two of the largest components of the US Empire of Bases were located for decades in the Philippines; Clark Air Force Base and Subic Bay Naval Base. 
Clark, occupying 230 square miles, with 15,000 people, was busy to death during the Vietnam War – the main hub for men and hardware in and out of Saigon. Then it turned into one of those Pentagon «forward operating» HQs. Subic, occupying 260 square miles, was as busy as Clark. It was the forward operating base for the US 7th Fleet. 
Already in 1987, before the end of the Cold War, the RAND corporation was alarmed by the loss of both bases; that would be «devastating for regional security». Devastating» in the – mythical - sense of «defending the interests of ASEAN» and the «security of the sea-lanes». 
Translation; the Pentagon and the US Navy would lose a key instrument of pressure over ASEAN, as protecting the «security of the sea-lanes» was always the key justification for those bases. 
And lose they eventually did; Clark was closed down in November 1991, and Subic in November 199 
It took years for China to sense an opening – and profit from it; after all during the 1990s and the early 2000s, the absolute priority was breakneck speed internal development. But then Beijing did the math; no more US bases opened untold vistas as far as the First Island Chain is concerned. 
The First Island Chain is a product, over millennia, of the fabulous tectonic forces of the Ring of Fire; a chain of islands running from southern Japan in the north to Borneo in the south. For Beijing, they work as a sort of shield for the Chinese eastern seaboard; if this chain is secure, Asia is secure. 
For all practical purposes, Beijing considers the First Island Chain as a non-negotiable Western Pacific demarcation zone – ideally with no foreign (as in US) interference. The South China Sea – which in parts is characterized by Manila as the Western Philippine Sea - is inside the First Island Chain. So to really secure the First Island Chain, the South China Sea must be free of foreign interference. 
And here we are plunged at the heart of arguably the key 21st century hotspot in Asian geopolitics – the main reason for the Obama administration's pivot to Asia. 
The US Navy so far counted on the Philippines to oppose the proverbial, hyped up «Chinese aggression» in the South China and East China seas. The neocon/neoliberalcon industrial-military complex fury against «unhinged» Duterte's game-changer is that containing China and ruling over the First Island Chain has been at the core of US naval strategy since the beginning of the Cold War. 
Beijing, meanwhile, will have all the time needed to polish its strategic environment. This has nothing to do with «freedom of navigation» and protecting sea-lanes; everyone needs South China Sea cross-trade. It's all about China - perhaps within the next ten years - being able to deny «access» to the US Navy in the South China Sea and inside the First Island Chain. 
Duterte's game-changing «America has lost» is just a new salvo in arguably the key 21st century geopolitical thriller. A Supreme Court justice in Manila, for instance, has warned Duterte that, were he to give up sovereignty over the Scarborough Shoal, he could be impeached. That won't happen; Duterte wants loads of Chinese trade and investment, not abdicate from sovereignty. He'd rather be ready to confront being demonized by the hyperpower as much as the late Hugo Chavez was in his heyday.

ARTICLE

  The National Interest 
Last week, the New York Times ran a news story on inflatable jets and missile launchers being added to the Kremlin's arsenal. Using balloons as weapons of war may sound strange and lead one to think Moscow has concocted a novel method of war. Upon deeper analysis, what the Russians are doing is nothing particularly new. The British and American military famously employed inflatable tanks in World War II in order to deceive the Germans. The Serbs more recently used decoys during the intervention in the Balkans to trick NATO bomber pilots. The method to this inflatable madness is based on well-established military thinking, going all the way back to ancient China. To get a better sense of what the Russians are doing and how they understand warfare, one only needs to pick up a copy of Sun Tzu's Art of War . 
'Warfare is the Way (Tao) of deception. Thus although [you are] capable, display incapability to them. When committing to employ your forces, feign inactivity. When [your objective] is nearby, make it appear to be distant; when far away, create the illusion of being nearby.' 
This line from Sun Tzu is especially important in Russian military thinking of recent years. The Kremlin's use of misinformation in the media is a particularly obvious example of deception, but the actual movement of men and material is just as important—especially to nations sharing a border with Russia. Moscow is intent on ensuring the West that Russian troops can mass at a moments notice and be rapidly deployed to far-flung corners of the country. Russia could inject itself into numerous theaters on its periphery and beyond, including the Baltic states with the threat of little green men, to continued military drills with China in the South China Sea to the risk of rekindling war in Nagorno-Karabakh . All of these scenarios prove irksome for policy makers in Washington. Dealing with rapidly deployable troops, that have the ability to stoke conflicts thousands of miles apart, makes deciphering the Kremlin's actions a frustrating ordeal. 
'Probe them to know where they have excess, where an insufficiency.' 
NATO pilots have been working overtime to deal with frequent Russian incursions into allied airspace. The most recent incident occurred only two weeks ago, in which Norway, the United Kingdom, France and Spain scrambled aircraft to confront Russian TU-160 bombers flying near their territory. Russia's high-profile encounters, including a very close flyby of a U.S. Navy ship and barrel rolling over an American reconnaissance aircraft, clearly demonstrates that it is trying to determine how and in which ways NATO will respond. These actions aim to keep allied forces on their toes, judging reaction times and what assets are used to counter their forces. 
'Thus one who excels at moving the enemy deploys in a configuration (hsing) to which the enemy must respond. He offers something that the enemy must seize. With profit he moves them, with the foundation he awaits them.' 
The Russians are very fond of this method, which is usually characterized by instigating incidents in order to execute their so-called reflexive control . This concept focuses on creating international incidents and forcing others to react them, in which the only plausible outcome is usually in favor of the Kremlin. The most notable case of this logic was applied in Russia's entry into the Syrian civil war. Although Moscow's intervention has had its pitfalls, largely driven by having to work with troublesome allies in Tehran and Damascus, it has made itself the primary external actor in the country. The slow American response to the Syrian war allowed Moscow to enter the fray and change the reality on the ground. In doing so, the momentum of the conflict swung in favor of the Russian-led coalition with President Assad's grip on power secured. Whether the West likes it or not, the Russians will now be part of the peace process. Calls by France and the United States to investigate Russia's bombing campaign as a war crime will not change this reality. The end result is that the Russian-led coalition is setting the pace in the conflict, with Washington and the West struggling to keep up. 
These selected passages from the Art of War help shed light on the Kremlin's calculus. A strong case can be made that the Russian are employing these means in order to maximize the effectiveness of their armed forces in the face materially stronger opponents like the NATO alliance. Although these deceit-based tactics are signs of weakness, it does not make their use any less dangerous. If one is to believe Moscow is undermining the American-led world order, forcing NATO to continually be on alert is certainly resource draining and creates domestic pressure through the questioning of the alliance's worth and purpose. While Putin may not be a grand strategist—given the hardships Russia faces through its own actions—he has been doing his homework on war. In order to avoid direct conflict with Moscow and better understand its methods, policy makers would be wise to read up on its approach to war and tactics they are likely to employ. 
Blake Franko is an assistant editor at the National Interest.

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at The Nation 
s we approach the final months of the Obama presidency, it's clear that the 'change' in foreign policy that candidate Obama promised voters has not materialized. His pledges to end the Iraq War, to pursue a nuclear-free world, to improve relations with Russia, to act as an honest broker between Israel and Palestine, and to improve relations with the Arab world have all been left unfulfilled. That his likely successor, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton, is to the right of the president on matters of national security is, in a way, an all-too-fitting monument to an era of dashed expectations. 
As of this writing, more than 5,000 troops are deployed in Iraq and nearly 10,000 in Afghanistan. These deployments run parallel with the dangerously misconceived interventions in Libya and Syria and a counterproductive drone war that stretches from the Maghreb and the Arabian Peninsula to the mountains and plains of Central Asia. Worryingly, the Obama administration has given these military adventures a veneer of legality by deriving justification from the Authorization for Use of Military Force passed by Congress on September 14, 2001. These US interventions are supported by nearly 2.1 million reserve and active-duty troops, 200,000 of whom are stationed overseas at a yearly cost of $600 billion. By some estimates, the US military is currently operating in more than 160 countries. 
Meanwhile, in addition to waging a new and more dangerous cold war with Russia, the administration—which views the South China Sea as a core national interest—launched the so-called 'Asia pivot,' which moves US policy toward China from one largely based on shared business interests to one that seeks to contain China's rise. The president's much-publicized trip to Southeast Asia this year was a good indication that Washington intends to surround and isolate China by employing 'bandwagoning' states like Vietnam. 
It was widely assumed that Obama would pick up the pieces of the Bush years and exorcise hegemonic fantasies from the body politic. Instead, over his two terms in office, the convergence of the neoconservative and Wilsonian interventionist creeds has solidified into orthodoxy. No better evidence of this exists than the fact that the neocons who served as the instigators and defenders of George W. Bush's foreign policy have become devoted supporters of Hillary Clinton. Robert Kagan, Max Boot, and Eliot Cohen, among others, have all voiced their preference for Clinton over the Republican nominee, Donald Trump. 
This is less surprising than it might first seem. After all, the neoconservative and Wilsonian weltanschauungs are, like Marxism, teleological: History, for them, has specific and definable ends. For the neocons and Wilsonians (also commonly known, in recent decades, as liberal interventionists), humanity's march toward democracy is not only in sight, but achievable. America's foreign-policy orthodoxy can be summed up by the claim made by then–Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, during Bill Clinton's presidency, that America is the one 'indispensable nation' because 'we stand tall. We see further into the future.' 
Obama's UN ambassador, Samantha Power, expressed well an integral element of this orthodoxy when she recently wrote that 'it is now objectively the case that our national interests are increasingly affected not just by what happens between states, but also by how people are treated within states [emphasis added].' 
Power's casual disregard for the Westphalian principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other states, now de rigueur among interventionists of both parties, is fused with a belief in American global hegemony, of which the Obama administration's 2010 Quadrennial Defense Review is representative: 
The United States remains the only nation able to project and sustain large-scale operations over extended distances. This unique position generates an obligation to be responsible stewards of the power and influence that history, determination, and circumstance have provided. 
Clearly, change has failed to materialize. Instead, Obama remains firmly in the grip of a foreign-policy orthodoxy that he himself has dismissed as 'the Washington playbook,' and which the scholar Andrew Bacevich describes as the 'faith-based belief in American global primacy to be pursued regardless of how the world may be changing and heedless of costs.' In late October, The Washington Post observed that while 'it is not unusual for Washington's establishment to launch major studies in the final months of an administration,' the flurry of recommendations coming from Washington think tanks like the Center for American Progress 'reflect a remarkable consensus among the foreign policy elite.' Perhaps the question that will flummox future historians most as they survey the record of the Obama years is this: How did a president who so eloquently and cogently promised a break with the past become captive to the regnant orthodoxy calling for seemingly endless interventions abroad? 
As it became more and more difficult to deny that the 2003 invasion of Iraq was a debacle, George W. Bush tried to justify his administration's policies by appropriating the language of the Wilsonians in an attempt to make his actions palatable to the guardians of respectable opinion. In his second inaugural address, Bush proclaimed: 'It is the policy of the United States to seek and support the growth of democratic movements and institutions in every nation and culture, with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world.' By employing such language, Bush cleared the way for the convergence of the neoconservative and Wilsonian ideologies, which have now congealed into the orthodoxy holding US foreign policy hostage. 
That orthodoxy is enforced by what historian William Appleman Williams has described as the 'climate of assumption.' This prevailing climate is shaped by an 'inside-outside' dynamic, whereby the narrative that defines any given crisis is set on the 'inside,' by administration officials and sitting ambassadors, and reinforced on the 'outside,' by the establishment media. What amounts to is a process of preemptive agenda-setting. In the case of policy regarding Syria, Libya, and Russia, the inside-outside dynamic has shaped a narrative that seeks to delegitimize the regimes in question, thereby obviating the need for nuance and crowding out the moral, consequential, or realist implications of any given policy decision. It is therefore exceedingly difficult, even for a chief executive with Obama's obvious talents, to depart from this orthodoxy, because of the way it narrows the spectrum of 'acceptable' policy options. * * * 
The Obama administration's counterproductive intervention in Syria stems from an interpretation of the Arab Spring, painted by administration insiders and the establishment media, as a series of peaceful, pro-democracy mass movements. Such movements were deemed deserving of US support because, according to the democratic-peace theory (a key tenet of the neoconservative/Wilsonian ideologies), the spread of democracy is de facto in US interests; as the oft-stated argument goes, democracies don't wage war against one another. 
The protests that roiled Syria in the spring of 2011 surely gave voice to elements of the population with legitimate grievances against the Assad regime. But did that necessarily mean that the overthrow of the country's secular government would serve US national interests—or the interests of the vast majority of Syrians? That question never seems to have been asked, because the orthodoxy deemed it out of bounds. The Syrian narrative was set early on: Bashar al-Assad, an obstacle to democratization and killer of his own people, 'must go.' 
The pr 
The narrative of illegitimacy, once established, allows for almost anything, regardless of the legality or morality of the chosen policy. Witness former CIA director David Petraeus's call for Washington to ally with elements of Al Qaeda in Syria, or the US government's funding of the Nour al-din al-Zinki movement, which beheaded a 12-year-old boy in July—to say nothing of the CIA's illegal and counterproductive train-and-equip program, which has only served to prolong the Syrian conflict. 
A similar dynamic played out during the Libyan crisis: Very early on, the president—driven by rumors circulated as fact in the establishment media that Libyan dictator Moammar El-Gadhafi was about to conduct a wholesale massacre in the rebel stronghold of Benghazi—declared that he 'must leave.' The narrative of impending slaughter was reinforced by a spate of breathless news reports and op-eds. 
Yet the basis of the administration's case for intervention proved to be illusory. There was not then, nor is there now, a shred of evidence that Gadhafi intended to unleash a genocidal slaughter in Benghazi. And this was clear at the time: As University of Texas scholar Alan Kuperman pointed out in April 2011, 'The best evidence that Khadafy did not plan genocide in Benghazi is that he did not perpetrate it in the other cities he had recaptured either fully or partially—including Zawiya, Misurata, and Ajdabiya, which together have a population greater than Benghazi.' 
But no matter: Once the narrative was set, the orthodoxy dictated intervention in spite of the fact, as reported by Rolling Stone in 2011, that Gadhafi's son Saif 'tried to arrange a phone call with Hillary Clinton, thinking he could talk the Americans out of intervening. But when Saif placed the call, Clinton refused to speak to him.' NATO intervened in March 2011, and Gadhafi was dead by October, creating a vacuum that has since been filled by civil war and the rise of ISIS. 
In the case of Russia, the administration's call to oust Vladimir Putin has been tacit rather than overt. After Putin's decision to stand for election in March 2012, the goal of isolating Russia with an eye toward regime change became default US policy. Indeed, in March 2011, the Russian politician Boris Nemtsov wrote that Vice President Joe Biden told a gathering of opposition figures in Moscow that if he were Putin, 'he would not stand for president in 2012 because this would be bad for the country and for himself.' 
After that, the narrative was set: Putin, returning for a third term in the Kremlin, was to be treated as an obstacle to be removed. For proof of this, one need look no further than an e-mail from Hillary Clinton, then secretary of state, to a departing aide in February 2012, in which she noted that she was pleased to see the aide heading to the White House to 'plan and execute our Russia strategy post-Putin.' 
The push by inside and outside voices to brand Putin's Russia as an outlaw state picked up steam in the winter of 2013–14, with the start of the Maidan revolution in Ukraine. Recall that the initial cause of the rift between the protesters and the Ukrainian government was over the latter's failure to sign an association agreement with the European Union. And while US national-security interests weren't even remotely at stake, that was beside the point: The agreement included trade and security provisions that would have effectively wrenched Ukraine from Russia's traditional sphere of influence, and it was pursued regardless of the consequences, which have included the violent overthrow of Ukraine's democratically elected president and a civil war that has killed nearly 10,000 people. By the end of 2015, the United States had provided Ukraine with $2 billion in loan guarantees and nearly $760 million in security assistance—all part of a needless and costly new cold war with Russia that could one day be seen as President Obama's principal foreign-policy legacy. * * * 
In addition to the inside-outside dynamic between the administration and establishment media, Washington's think tanks and NGOs play an important role as enforcers of orthodoxy—one that has become increasingly pronounced over the course of the Obama administration. While purporting to be nonpartisan, outfits like the Center for a New American Security (CNAS) and the Brookings Institution in effect launder neoconservative policy proposals by dressing them up in the softer, more palatable language of Wilsonianism. In just the past few years, think tanks have served as incubators and champions of policies like arming Ukraine and overthrowing the government of Syria. 
Often, these organizations are deeply compromised by their funders. For example, after Brookings accepted $14.8 million from the government of Qatar—which has financed Salafist terrorist groups like Syria's Nusra Front (now the Levant Conquest Front)—the think tank published an op-ed that made the case for Syria's radical Sunni extremist group Ahrar al-Sham, arguing against 'designating [it] as a terrorist organization.' 
Washi 
Analysts associated with Brookings and its center in Qatar—whose co-chair is Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber al-Thani, a former prime minister and member of the Qatari ruling family—have repeatedly complained that the Obama administration isn't doing enough to help the 'moderate' opposition in Syria. And yet Gerd Müller, Germany's international-development minister, told The Telegraph in 2014, 'You have to ask who is arming, who is financing [ISIS] troops. The keyword there is Qatar.' Indeed, it has recently come to light that Hillary Clinton shared Müller's concerns, noting in an August 2014 e-mail to John Podesta that the Qatari and Saudi governments 'are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region.' 
This June, while Democratic Representative (and combat veteran) Tulsi Gabbard was pushing a bill to defund the CIA's train-and-equip program in Syria, Brookings senior fellow Shadi Hamid took to Twitter to declare that '@TulsiGabbard might be one of worst/least knowledgeable foreign policy thinkers in Democratic party. Not just bad ideas, but dangerous ones.' Hamid followed this up with: 'Neo-isolationist left (@tulsigabbard) & far right (Trump) have pretty similar views on how Putin's actually not so bad: He can help on ISIS!' 
In smearing Gabbard, Hamid was only echoing the sentiments of his colleague in Qatar, Charles Lister, who had previously accused Gabbard of being 'the Democratic Party's chief defender of Bashar al-#Assad.' As Brookings fellows, Hamid and Lister take their role as enforcers of the orthodoxy seriously—as well they might, since Gabbard's legislation, if passed, would be a serious setback for the grand designs of Beltway Caesars like themselves. 
In addition to plumping for further involvement in Syria, Hamid has tried to whitewash the administration's disastrous Libya intervention, which even Obama has admitted was his 'worst mistake.' Hamid, though, claims it was 'successful,' arguing: 'The country is better off today than it would have been had the international community allowed dictator Muammar Qaddafi to continue his rampage across the country.' Never mind that a civil war has been ravaging Libya for the past five years. 
In addition to producing op-ed columns of questionable value, think tanks also influence the climate of assumption by publishing special reports that are meant to serve as guides for policy-makers. Indeed, sometimes the resemblance between government memoranda and think-tank literature is uncanny, as was the case this past June when CNAS Middle East director Ilan Goldenberg was pleased to point out the 'many similarities' between the State Department's hawkish 'dissent channel' cable on Syria and a CNAS report titled 'Defeating the Islamic State: A Bottom-Up Approach.' Both, needless to say, called for greater US involvement in the Syrian civil war. 
In the past year, CNAS has published several notable reports that have advocated, among other things, the wider use of drones ( 'The Promise of Unmanned Systems in the Asia Pacific' ); increased military spending and more overseas commitments ( 'Extending American Power: Strategies to Expand U.S. Engagement in a Competitive World Order' ); directly arming the Syrian opposition ( 'From the Bottom, Up: A Strategy for U.S. Military Support to Syria's Armed Opposition' ); and yet more military spending ( 'While We Can: Arresting the Erosion of America's Military Edge' ). Even the ostensibly center-left Center for American Progress recently unveiled a report that urged the imposition of a no-fly zone over Syria, a move that Hillary Clinton herself has admitted, albeit behind closed doors, risks the possibility of a wider war and would 'kill lots of Syrians.' 
Meanwhile, the Atlantic Council (funded in part by the US government and NATO) has released a series of articles and reports urging greater action in Ukraine. In February 2015, in conjunction with Brookings and the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, it released 'Preserving Ukraine's Independence, Resisting Russian Aggression: What the United States and NATO Must Do,' which urged the administration to arm Kiev. 
Over the past few years, the Atlantic Council has gone from espousing a sensible, if staid, transatlanticism to producing some of the most virulent specimens of the new cold-war propaganda. Examples of its prodigious output relating to Russia and the Ukraine crisis can be seen in reports like 'Human Rights Abuses in Russia-Occupied Crimea' (August 2015); 'Hiding in Plain Sight: Putin's War in Ukraine' (October 2015); and 'Arming for Deterrence' (July 2016). Not surprisingly, in addition to NATO and the US government, the Atlantic Council lists the Ukrainian World Congress, the Ukrainian oligarch Victor Pinchuk, the Lithuanian government, and the Latvian embassy among its many funders. 
There is also the collusion between private, ostensibly nongovernmental organizations and those agencies of the US government that seek—and sometimes, in the case of Ukraine, manage to engineer—regime-change movements. The founding father of what might be called 'ideological humanitarianism' is surely the financier and self-styled political philosopher George Soros, who, through his network of Open Society Foundations, seeks to influence and leverage civil-society opposition groups in countries throughout Eastern Europe. 


Soros has spawned many imitators. Perhaps the most emblematic of the new techno-crusaders is eBay founder Pierre Omidyar, whose involvement in the Ukraine uprising has complemented Washington's. According to journalist Mark Ames, 'The American government—in the form of the US Agency for International Development (USAID)—played a major role in funding opposition groups prior to the revolution.' Ames also notes that a large percentage of the funding for those groups came from Omidyar. 
Indeed, Omidyar's work has been praised by none other than Samantha Power, who, in November 2013, singled him out as an heir to Soros in a speech hailing the 'new philanthropists' who are working to advance the vision that 'George popularized and resourced: open economy, open government, open society.' And while it's certainly the case that the Open Society Foundations have done valuable work in the fields of public health and criminal-justice reform, particularly here in the United States, Soros's activism takes on a decidedly less benign character abroad. A recent tranche of leaked Open Society e-mails shows that Soros was actively trying to shape the politics of post-Maidan Ukraine. In a meeting with US Ambassador Geoffrey Pyatt in March 2014, Soros urged Washington to provide 'professional PR assistance to [the] Ukrainian government,' while also voicing his opinion that the neofascist group Right Sector was little more than 'an FSB [Federal Security Service] plot' funded by Russia 'to destabilize Ukraine.' * * * 
The US government, in appointing itself the global arbiter of legitimacy, has set a series of dangerous precedents. Today, the United States reserves the right to intervene anywhere in the world, regardless of the consequences, morality, or costs in blood and treasure. In the Middle East, US interventions have created space for ISIS in Iraq, Syria, and Libya, while our alleged allies Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar have been among the principal benefactors of ISIS and like-minded religious extremists. 
In addition to what is fast becoming a strange obsession with Russian President Vladimir Putin, the foreign-policy establishment has turned a blind eye to the ravages of the Ukrainian civil war, as well as to the fact that the main—and perhaps insuperable—obstacle to the implementation of the 2014 Minsk cease-fire agreement is the US-supported and -funded government in Kiev, which boasts a neo-Nazi as its parliamentary speaker. 
As we approach November 8, it is clear that this foreign-policy orthodoxy is something the establishment takes on faith. But foreign policy should not be a faith-based business. Progressives and like-minded anti-interventionist conservatives and libertarians need to alert the American public to this dangerous state of affairs and fashion a coherent, sound, and popular alternative to the orthodoxy holding US foreign policy hostage. That may require the formation of a 21st-century peace movement, with allies inside a 'peace' wing of the Democratic Party. A second Clinton administration looks increasingly likely; if that is the case, the progressive, responsible left will have to serve as a check on its interventionist impulses. This will not be easy, nor should we delude ourselves about the prospects for success. 
But we must, for all our sakes, attempt it.

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at Irrussianality 
Following the recent kerfuffle in Russia over a statue of Ivan the Terrible, the issue of monuments continues to make headlines. Two differing approaches to historical memory are on display. Both create their own historical distortions. By eradicating monuments of an entire era, one paints that era as bad in every single way. By sanctifying an autocratic ruler, the other whitewashes the imperfections of the past. 
According to the Ukrainian television station Espreso TV , the last remaining statue of Lenin in Ukraine, located in the town of Novgorod-Severskii, has been taken down. There were once more than 2,000 Lenin statues in the country. As a result of a 2015 law prohibiting communist memorials and symbols, Ukraine is now Lenin-free. 
Meanwhile, a bell-tower dedicated to Russia's last Tsar, Nicholas II, was formally opened in the Crimean capital, Simferopol, on Tuesday. Attending the opening was Duma deputy and former chief prosecutor of Crimea Natalia Poklonskaia, who has acquired something of a reputation as a monarchist, and whose idea the bell tower was. Poklonskaia told reporters that, 'For me, my colleagues and friends, this isn't simply a bell tower, but an entire church. And this church is not simply a building but a holy one, in which will be carried out, with full rights, all the services and liturgies as laid down in the church canons.' 
The first story illustrates an approach to historical memory which is destructive and coercive; the second an approach which is constructive and voluntary. If there is one thing the participants can agree on, it is that they aren't fans of communism. But as these examples show, the victors of today's memory wars aren't always the victors of tomorrow's.

ARTICLE

Bias bashers More Beer, Less Vodka as Russians Mull Ongoing Crisis 
With the crisis continuing, Russians are not only eating less, they are also drinking less - particularly vodka and other hard drinks. Against the background of an overall decline in alcohol consumption, Russian preferences are shifting to beer and wine Originally appeared at Russia & India Report 
The volume of retail trade turnover in Russia continues to decrease. In August, it fell by 0.1 percent compared to the previous month, compared to January-August last year, when it fell by 5.7 per cent, said analysts from the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration (RANEPA). They were citing data from the state statistical agency Rosstat and a survey conducted by the Institute for Social Analysis and Forecasting. 
The turnover is decreasing because Russians are not only eating less and cutting back on spending on services, but they are also drinking fewer alcoholic beverages. 
Sales of vodka dropped catastrophically' 
From January to August 2016, vodka, liqueurs and brandies accounted for 42 percent of sales volume. Beer amounted to 44-45 percent of total sales of alcohol. Another 12-13 percent was wine production. 
Other beverages (cider, mead, etc.) made up less than 1 percent of alcohol products bought by people, according to RANEPA's monitoring data. 
The range of sales is clearly seasonal. Retailers usually sell more wine, champagne and vodka in December while sales of beer increase by 15-20 percent in mid-summer compared to the beginning of the year. 
"Retail sales of alcohol have significantly decreased over the past two years. 10.6 percent fewer alcoholic beverages were sold between January and August this year than during the same eight months of 2014," the survey report stated. Retail sales of alcoholic beverages bottomed out in January and April 2016. 
"Sales of vodka have dropped catastrophically," Alexandra Burdyak, a senior researcher at RANEPA and one of the authors of the study, said. "The drop was 13.4 percent against the same period of last year. The main decline occurred last year, when sales of vodka decreased by 12.6 percent compared to 2014." 
However, the wine production sector showed a different trend. The traditional New Year increase in sales of wine and champagne dragged on, with wine sales remaining at 2015 levels until May 2016. 
Burdyak said consumers first finished their earlier stored wine and then, as stocks in cabinets dried out, and lovers of wine and sparkling wines made sure that nothing was happening in the economy, the ruble was not strengthening and the prices of imported alcohol were not decreasing, they began to buy this type of alcohol again. 
The new generation of consumers 
According to Burdyak, the decrease in consumption of vodka and other alcoholic beverages has been steady since 2013. Strong alcohol consumption peaked in 2007, and it has been in decline since then. 
The taste of Russians, born in 1985 and later, has been shaped by western, primarily European influences; they prefer wine, beer and other light alcoholic beverages. 
However, Vadim Drobiz, director of the Centre for Federal and Regional Alcohol Market Studies (TSIFRRA), believes it is a little too early to talk about a reduction in alcohol consumption in Russia. 
"Because of the crisis, the main consumers of alcoholic drinks could have switched to cheaper options, this is possible," he said. "But few people are capable of seriously saving on alcohol." Drinking away the crisis 
Vodka consumption fell from 53 percent of retail sales, measured in terms of absolute alcohol content, in 2007-2009 to 39 percent in 2015. During the same period, the share of beer increased from 31-32 percent to 43 percent of total sales of alcoholic beverages. 
The total volume of retail sales is calculated in terms of absolute alcohol content as follows: Half a litre of vodka (40 percent alcohol) is equal to 200 grams of ethanol; one litre of beer (4 percent) is equivalent to 40 grams, and one litre of wine (12 percent) contains 120 grams of ethanol. 
These trends appear likely to continue over the next few years, though some analysts have reservations. 
"It should be borne in mind that consumers, and the Russians certainly in my experience, consider strong alcohol to be an antidepressant," Drobiz said. "And that means that consumption of vodka and other spirits in the context of the ongoing economic crisis is not likely to fall."

ARTICLE

Taming the corporate media beast BRICS Countries to Invest $500 Million in Russian Gold Deposit 
A new agreement to restart exploration and extraction at a mine in Siberia marks a milestone in the development of economic ties among the BRICS nations. Originally appeared at RBTH 
A consortium made up of the Chinese state-owned mining firm China National Gold Corporation, India's SUN Mining Group and the Russian Far East Development Fund, as well as funds from South Africa and Brazil is prepared to invest up to $500 million in the development of the Klyuchevskoye gold field in the Transbaikal region (over 4,000 miles east of Moscow). The agreement was signed during the most recent BRICS summit, which that took place in the Indian resort of Goa on Oct. 15-16. According to plans for the site, Klyuchevskoye will become operational three years after investment becomes available and will yield some 6.5 tons of gold per year. 
This is the first mining deal in the history of BRICS that involves all five member states, which makes it particularly significant, says Wiktor Bielski, global head of commodities research at VTB Capital. Bielski adds that the agreement paves the way for bigger projects in the future that can benefit a wide range of BRICS investors. 
Benefits for the partners 
The Klyuchevskoye gold deposit was explored a long time ago, however, the bulk of the gold was not extracted because of the costly development process that was halted some 20 years back, according to Alexei Kalachev, an expert analyst with FINAM investment firm in Moscow. The China National Gold Corporation, however, has the relevant technological experience to extract and process the gold, Kalachev said. 
The deposit is currently owned by India's SUN Gold, Ltd., part of the SUN Mining Group, which has not begun to develop it. In August 2016, the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service said that the China National Gold Group intended to buy 70 percent in the deposit from SUN Gold. According to Kalachev, the idea of a consortium may have evolved from an attempt to speed up the deal at the highest levels. 
The Klyuchevskoye gold deposit is not especially rich; at its stated production volumes and reserves, it will have a life cycle of 11-12 years, while the average life cycle of gold mines worldwide is 15-16 years, says Artem Kalinin, a portfolio manager at Leon Family Office. Additionally, the cost of production at Klyuchevskoye is being forecast at the average global level. 'That said, the Chinese are used to operating in this mode: the country's steel and coal industries have very weak production costs, but they have so far been feeling quite alright thanks to cheap financing and state support,' Kalinin said. 
Russian gold mining companies are currently not taking part in developing Klyuchevskoye, but according to Kalinin, Russia stands to gain regardless of who develops the site. 'The Russians will get an opportunity to borrow new technologies and to get an infrastructure that the Chinese will build,' he said. 
Alexei Kalachev notes that other obvious upsides for Russia include a rise in tax revenues, new jobs and an inflow of foreign investment. 
What's in it for China? 
Despite the fact that China is the world's leader in gold mining and one of the world's largest consumers of the precious metal, its resource base is rather weak, says Kalinin. The CIS countries host the majority of the world's gold reserves — 28 percent. Another 20 percent of the reserves are located in North America while Asian reserves make up just 11 percent. 
Oleg Remyga, head of China studies at the Moscow School of Management Skolkovo, notes that China's gold production is falling — it was down 0.4 percent in 2015 — while consumption is rising — up + 3.7 percent in 2015. 'Hence, the clear ambition of Chinese companies to enter international markets,' Remyga explained. 
According to Remyga, the China National Gold Group's investment in the Klyuchevskoye deposit is part of this bigger drive for resources. Chinese companies have already purchased shares in Canada's Pinnacle Mines, Ltd. as well as 50 percent of shares in a deposit in Papua New Guinea owned by Barrick Gold Corp. 'I am convinced that it is just the beginning of acquisitions of Russian gold-mining assets by Chinese companies, such as Zijin Mining, China Gold, Zhaojin Mining Industry, and Shandong Gold,' Remyga said, adding that negotiations with them have been going on already for five years.

ARTICLE

Media skeptic Post-Maidan Ukraine Has Become a Full Fledged Totalitarian State 
In Ukraine, the state apparatus, far-right movements and patriotic citizens are working together to shut down debate and silence criticism   Open Democracy 
This article, which originally appeared in Ukrainian on a Ukrainian website, is indicative of a growing realization in Ukraine that those who supported the "revolution" for freedom and democracy in that country were duped. The author, however, sadly maintains the baseless preconception that Russia is the ultimate model of totalitarianism that Ukraine must avoid - in fact today's Russia bares no resemblance to the reign-of-terror state Ukraine has degenerated into. But the acknowledgement that the war in Donbass is being used by the Kiev regime to maintain control over society is very significant 
Under Ukraine's pre-Maidan criminal regime, any pressure on journalists used to provoke a wave of indignation. This indignation, which came from journalists, human rights defenders and civic activists themselves, even became a precursor to the first Maidan in independent Ukraine — the protests under the banner of 'Ukraine without Kuchma'. 
Information about temnyky, the authorities' secret instructions to the press about what they should and should not report, and the murders of critics of the regime invariably provoked protests. The arrest of a journalist solely for expressing his opinion in print could raise a wave, even a tsunami, of public outrage. Indeed, in 2004, putting an end to temnyky was one of the slogans behind the Orange protest. pa-25751119-1_2.jpg March 2016: 2,000 people rally in support of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko at Independence Square in Kiev. (c) Sergei Chuzavkov / AP / Press Association Images. 
In post-Maidan Ukraine, temnyky , arrests and censorship have become commonplace . What's more, repression against dissidents and even murder have become socially acceptable . The murder of the journalist Oles Buzyna in April 2015 or the burning of dozens of people in Odesa in May 2014 now find their justification in the speeches of ' patriots '. Meanwhile, former opposition journalists who gained seats as parliamentary deputies refuse to defend their colleague Ruslan Kotsaba, the blogger who spent a year and a half in jail for his views. In all, over 100 journalists , bloggers and indeed ordinary people who expressed their views about the war in the Donbas, conscription , the constitutional order of Ukraine (law enforcement authorities qualify such views as ' separatism ') and other issues have been criminally prosecuted in Ukraine for their publications. 
The boldest predictions of George Orwell's 1984 have come to pass — phrases like 'civil war' have become taboo. In their place, we have newspeak. In particular, the newspeak term 'hybrid war', which means everything in our mass media from military action in the east to an article in the New York Times. 
To be fair, it should be noted that justifications of violence and murder of 'enemies' have not been accepted by society as a whole — only by one segment of social media, the mass media and those who call themselves 'Maidan activists'. However, that fact does not bestow a rosier vista of Ukraine today. Critics of the current state of affairs generally remain silent for fear of repression or they censor themselves. Meanwhile, our mass media presents the postings of the 'Facebook Hundred' or the speeches of 'patriots' as though they were the voice of the entirety of Ukrainian society. 
It used to be that the prohibition of an opposition party would evoke society's indignation. After all, there were no precedents for this after 1991 in Ukraine. Now, however, banning the Communist Party of Ukraine and a number of other parties was met with silence inside the country. Only international human rights organisations protested the ban. 
The practice of 'five minutes of hatred' (again reminiscent of Orwell) has become commonplace. True, these 'five minutes'— mass attacks in social media and the news media against Nadia Savchenko, Tetiana Montian, Stanislav Serhienko, Volodymyr Zelensky as well as 'anti-corruption activists' and 'euro-optimists'— last not for five minutes, but often weeks on end. The initiators of such campaigns (the authors of the first posts) are advisors to the president (Yuri Biriukov), public officials (Anton Herashchenko, Georgy Tuka) or structures that belong to representatives of the pro-government People's Front (Mykola Kniazhytsky, Serhiy Pashynsky). 
Is it right to talk about signs and tendencies of totalitarianism in post-Maidan Ukraine? And how important is it to dwell on them, to emphasise them? 
Informing has become socially acceptable in post-Maidan Ukraine. The State Security Agency (SBU) encourages it. The website Myrotvorets ('Peacemaker') collects informers' reports and regularly publishes lists of 'enemies' — journalists and civic activists. These lists often become an instruction of sorts for the actions of ultra-right paramilitary groups, who use violence against 'traitors', attacking participants in social protests, anti-war, anti-fascist meetings, threatening and even beating up journalists. 
For example, the Myrotvorets website published lists of journalists who were careless enough to get press accreditation in the Donetsk People's Republic, resulting in a wave of brutal threats against them by 'patriots' . International human rights organisations and OSCE Representative on Media Freedom Dunja Mijatovic were forced to take a stand given that foreign journalists and not just Ukrainians were among those subject to attack. The lists of 'undesirable people' created by activists of the ultra-right Azov Civic Corps became the basis for attacks on left-wing and anti-fascist activists. 
Something really has happened to us —Ukraine has changed after the last Maidan. From a country that stood out for its level of civic freedoms on the territory of the former USSR, it is transforming into a copy of the Russian Federation in terms of the suppression of those freedoms. 
Are we actually agreeing to this? 
Practically according to Arendt 
The facts above show that several aspects of civic life in today's Ukraine are under the control either of state organs or non-state far-right formations. And citizens who want to express views that are not approved by these formations face threats, violence or criminal prosecutions. 
A number of NGOs and internet resources monitor what bloggers say on social media, the publications and activities of journalists and civic activists, appearances by actors and singers (both Ukrainian and Russian), television broadcasts, films and peaceful gatherings. The result of this 'monitoring' is usually an appeal to state bodies such as the SBU, the Interior Ministry, the Ministry of Information (the 'Ministry of Truth' as it is called by many journalists), National Council for Television and Radio, State Film Agency, demanding that criminal charges be brought against certain people, that broadcast of certain television programmes or films be prohibited, that television broadcast licences be revoked. 
One example is the Vidsich page in social media, and the activity of the 'Citizens' Council' of the State Film Agency, in response to whose submissions a number of Ukrainian and Russian television programmes were not allowed to be shown. In many instances, state bodies actually bring criminal charges against journalists (the case against Ruslan Kotsaba was brought on the basis of a denunciation of an informer) and they prohibit certain films. The April 2016 ban on broadcasting the cult 1970s Soviet film Garage is symptomatic of this practice . rian_02928582.lr_.ru_1_0.jpg 4 September: the Kyiv headquarters of Inter TV, a major Ukrainian broadcaster, suffers an arson attack. (Ń) RIA Novosti. In other incidents, ultra-right activists, openly racist and Nazi (such as Azov) formations have themselves attacked television stations such as Ukraina and Inter, social protests, anti-war meetings, meetings with left wing and antifascist banners and symbols, actions of the LGBT community . As a rule, these attacks take place with the police passively standing by. 
During these attacks on mass media outlets, the attackers demand changes to their editorial policy and the portrayal of events in Ukraine according to their 'patriotic' point of view only. As a result of this pressure, attacks and criminal prosecutions citizens refrain from stating their views in public and the mass media censors itself. 
The initiators of campaigns against dissent are typically the representatives of ultra-right formations, as well as those civic activists who previously presented themselves and currently do so as people with a liberal and democratic outlook. However, these campaigns succeed primarily as a result of either the support or the inactivity of state institutions. 
In essence, a mechanism has been created in post-Maidan Ukraine to control citizens expressing their thoughts and opinions 
Apart from that, state bodies also take an active role in restricting civil rights. The Verkhovna rada has adopted a set of such laws. In particular, changes have been made to Ukraine's Criminal Code that permit the prosecution of people who oppose conscription and those who call for a halt to military operations, or 'for opposing the Ukrainian army'. The 2015 law on 'decommunisation' established the basis for banning a number of political parties and prosecuting citizens who hold left-wing views. 
During 2014-2015, Ukraine's parliament introduced changes to existing articles and introduced new ones in the special section of the Criminal Code 'Crimes against national security' — Articles 109, 110, 110-2, 111, 112, 113, 114 and 114-1. According to these norms, any actions, public calls or the circulation of materials advocating the fall of the existing order are crimes that incur prison sentences of up to 15 years. In today's judicial proceedings, the state prosecutor interprets these legal norms in such a way as to treat any approval of the Soviet experience or speaking out against the violation of civic and social rights in Ukraine, sympathy for a federal system of government or criticism of the general military mobilisation (normal things in democratic countries) as grave crimes, up to and including 'state treason'. 
In essence, a mechanism has been created in post-Maidan Ukraine to control citizens expressing their thoughts and opinions, as well as a mechanism to suppress freedom of speech, expression, assembly and association. This is a combined mechanism made up of cycles of action by state and non-state bodies. 
Today, at the end of 2016, this mechanism is not all encompassing, but it already bears the marks of totalitarianism. Much in accordance with the classical works of Hannah Arendt's The Origins of Totalitarianism and of Karl Popper's The Open Society. 
To control everything 
The numerous investigators of totalitarianism didn't agree on a common definition. That why it's worth identifying what the classical works share in common. 
Thus, totalitarianism is a system of social relations that establishes full (total) control over the important aspects of people's lives. Above all, over the social and political aspects. Carl Friedrich and Zbigniew Brzezinski in Totalitarian Dictatorship and Autocracy (1956) declined to give an abstract definition of the term and proposed instead an empirical approach on the basis of the practice of fascist Italy (where this term originated), Nazi Germany and the USSR. In their treatment, totalitarianism was not so much full control over a person's activity (which is impossible in principle) as the absence to any limits to such control. 
Only social movements, movements of citizens who have become conscious of their social interests, can destroy the movement of mass men united around 'a single way of thinking' 
The subject of control: Arendt distinguishes between the totalitarian state and the totalitarian movement. Until the time a totalitarian movement leads to a totalitarian state, it will attempt to control the activity of the citizenry. For example, with the help of people in black shirts and brown shirts. On the other hand, the state apparatus (its special services, censors) will not be able to completely control the citizenry without the assistance of formally non-state actors: Party committees, Komsomol or Hitler Youth and especially police informers. The latter are the most important mechanism of control because they allow the state 'to listen in on everyone'. Therefore, the subject of total control over society is not the state alone but also the totalitarian movements. 
According to Arendt totalitarian movements and states have in common the conception of an objective enemy. Totalitarianism can hardly exist without such a conception. After all, it must explain to the popular masses the reasons why it needs to restrict their civic rights and why they must endure total control: 
The introduction of the notion of 'objective enemy' is much more decisive for the functioning of totalitarian regimes than the ideological definition of the respective categories. If it were only a matter of hating Jews or bourgeois, the totalitarian regimes could, after the commission of one gigantic crime, return, as it were, to the rules of normal life and government. As we know, the opposite is the case. The category of objective enemies outlives the first ideologically determined foes of the movement; new objective enemies are discovered according to changing circumstances. 
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism 
There already exists in contemporary Ukraine a functioning mechanism of control over the expression of people's views and their social and political activity. It lies in uncovering treason (the meme that became widespread here over the past two years) and by neutralising treason through criminal prosecution, violence, campaigns of persecution in social media and mass media, by establishing 'a single way of thinking' through propaganda and newspeak. 
The most important element in this mechanism is self restraint or self censorship. When one part of society accepts the argument that it is necessary to restrict their civil rights and indeed the rights of all citizens for the sake of 'victory' over the enemy, the objective enemy. 
Erich Fromm called this process a flight from freedom. 
War as the basis for totalitarian tendencies 
The empirical evidence shows us that totalitarianism was not introduced from outside the three model countries (fascist Italy, Nazi Germany and the USSR) or in opposition to their internal political processes. It was a domestic product. However, not every country in which such tendencies appear in the form of totalitarian movements necessarily become totalitarian states. Nor can we say that the totalitarian tendencies appeared in Ukraine as a result of someone's evil intent, say Putin's or Poroshenko's, because these tendencies are the result of social and political processes in the specific conditions of war. And for now there is no basis to claim that we will surely fall into the abyss of totalitarianism. 
But there are evident totalitarian tendencies in Ukraine today. And they have appeared as a result of societal processes, in the first instance as a result of the war. 
The general condition for the emergence of totalitarian tendencies and their consolidation is that objective enemy. And this enemy becomes recognised and felt by everyone precisely during a war. It was no accident that German Nazism grew out of the traumatic experience of the First World War. 
The war in the east has become the main argument for justifiying control over citizens' expressions of their views and their actions. August 2016: Ukrainian soldiers play table tennis at a damaged swimming pool in the village of Marinka, near Donetsk. (c) Max Black AP/Press Association Images. 
The division of people between 'us' and 'the enemies', characteristic of a state of war, is a foundation for repressing those that 'patriotic' movements place in the opposing camp. You can then remove their civil rights, or it may indeed be necessary to do so. Otherwise they might overwhelm you. 
Accordingly, the level of public discussion typical of a democratic and pluralistic society is significantly depressed in a society experiencing totalitarian tendencies. The only argument typically appearing during such a discussion is naming (slandering) one's opponent as 'an agent of the enemy'. After that any other argument is useless. That is, even discussion itself isn't becomes superfluous. 
In our particular situation such a 'discussion' has descended into a caricature. For example, after the tragic events of 31 August 2015 in front of the parliament when representatives of the government and the far right Svoboda party started calling each other 'agents of the Kremlin'. 
Something really has happened to us — Ukraine has changed after the last Maidan 
War is a self sufficient condition for a totalitarian mentality to be formed, or even a necessity. An end to war means the loss of the justification and the arguments in favour of control and prohibitions. And it therefore constitutes a danger to the very existence of these totalitarian movements. 
These are all elements in the construction of the mass man according to Arendt. In fact, a totalitarian society is composed of such mass men. 
Dynamic balance 
Is it right to talk about signs and tendencies of totalitarianism in post-Maidan Ukraine? And how important is it to dwell on them, to emphasise them? 
It is important that these tendencies are not ignored. After all, not every country where such totalitarian tendencies and movements have appeared went on to become a totalitarian state. 
The two fundamental factors of totalitarian practice today in Ukraine — the state apparatus and ultra right movements — are in a dynamic balance. Complementing and at the same time combating one another, they have occupied their place on the political terrain of this country for two and a half years now in an attempt to control civil society. 
Apart from that there is no other important feature characteristic of all classical totalitarian states. There is neither authoritarianism , nor a supreme leader. 
But this balance can be upset at any time. 
In what direction it moves – towards totalitarianism or democracy – depends on how social processes unfold in Ukraine. Only social movements, movements of citizens who have become conscious of their social interests, can destroy the movement of mass men united around 'a single way of thinking' for the sake of 'victory over the objective enemy' and total control over oneself and one's fellow citizens.

ARTICLE

  RT 
The record shows Hillary 'We Came, We Saw, He Died' Clinton is the 'Queen of War'. 
She is fully supported by virtually the whole US establishment; a bipartisan, neocon/neoliberalcon, regime change/'humanitarian' imperialist axis. 
On the opposite side, for all his personal pathology problems and incoherent twitter-mouth ramblings, Donald Trump seemed to be on the money when he said that if elected, Hillary would use Syria to unleash WWIII. 
To check out if that holds, let's start with an essential backup. 
The 'Queen of War', at the final US presidential debate in Las Vegas: "A no-fly zone [in Syria] can save lives and hasten the end of the conflict." 
The 'Queen of War', in one of her 2013 speeches to Goldman Sachs, published by WikiLeaks: a no-fly zone would "kill a lot of Syrians.' 
The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, speaking to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee: a no-fly zone in Syria 'would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia." why_hillary_won_t_unleash_wwiii_-_rt_op_edge.png 
Predictably, the Clinton (cash) machine has been relentless promoting Hillary's no-fly zone. Whenever cornered, the machine switches the narrative to Russian hacking of the DNC. Edward Snowden, who knows a thing or two about cyberwarfare, stresses there is no solid proof Russian intel hacked the Democratic/Clinton machine. And if they actually did it, the NSA would know. The fact the NSA is mum reveals this is no more than information war. 
Pass the missile launchers, please 
Trump seems to have been more on the money when he insisted how Hillary will be outsmarted – as she already was in the past – when dealing with President Putin, who she has demonized as Hitler. 
I have shown how Hillary will be prevented from launching WWIII because her no-fly zone is already implemented in Syria by Russia. And the Pentagon – reflecting Dunford's comments - knows it, no matter how emphatically soon-to-be-unemployed Pentagon head Ash Carter threatens 'consequences.' 
The Pentagon ranks Russia and China as the number one and two 'existential threats' to US national security, in that order. And the US government reserves for itself the privilege of a nuclear 'first-strike'– which Hillary supports (but not Trump); this is part of the 2002 Full Spectrum Dominance doctrine. 
The relentless hysteria now crystallized as Cold War 2.0 has led scores of analysts to game the actual – terrifying - possibility of a US-Russia hot war. As much as the Cold War MAD (Mutually Assured Destruction) doctrine may now lie in the dust – exactly because Washington refuses to back down from 'first-strike'– only armchair Dr. Strangeloves get their kicks with the possibility of fighting a nuclear power. Dunford does not seem to be one of them. 
What Hillary Clinton will certainly do is to double down on proxy wars, Vietnam/Afghanistan-style. So expect a President Clinton to authorize full weaponization of those Beltway-loved 'moderate' Al-Qaeda-in-Syria rebels with plenty of shoulder-held missile launchers. This could easily get out of control – with lethal, yet not nuclear, consequences. 
That's exactly the point made by Mikhail Rostovsky in Moscow daily Moskovsky Komsomolets; if Hillary ratchets up tensions, 'things could get out of hand.' 
Also expect not so proxy ratcheting up of tension in the South China Sea; after all it was Hillary who claimed 'mothership' of the pivot to Asia; and it was Hillary who steered intra-South East Asian maritime disputes into the boiling cauldron of wider US-China competition. 
And if that was not hard boiled enough, US frustration will be at an all-time high after Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte's own pivot to China. 
Say hello to my new Sarmat 
A case can be made that official Moscow is carefully getting ready to work with a Clinton – as in Obama III – presidency, with Hillary, a devil they know well when she was Secretary of State, to be dealt with as a pragmatist, unwilling and unable to plunge US-Russia relations into total incandescence. 
A Clinton presidency for its part should know better than overestimate Russia's financial 'weakness.' 
The national debt of Russia is only 17.7 percent of GDP; for the US it is a whopping 104.17 percent of GDP, or $19.2 trillion. Russia in 2015 had a trade surplus of $150 billion, while the US had a trade deficit of $531.5 billion. The current account surplus of Russia was 5.1 percent of GDP, or 65.8 billion, while the US ran a current account deficit of 484.1 billion, or 2.7 percent of GDP. 
Besides, Russia has all the natural resources it needs; unlike the US government, which believes it needs an empire of bases overseas and ten aircraft carrier task forces to secure the resources it lacks. 
Moreover, as much as the Pentagon may continue to be infested by neocon cells, sound generals are also able to identify key Russian signals – such as the unveiling of the RS-28 Sarmat nuclear missile, which NATO calls Satan 2. The Sarmat delivers monster warheads of 40 megatons; boasts a top speed of seven kilometers per second; and is able to outfox any anti-missile shield system anywhere.

ARTICLE

Taming the corporate media beast BRICS Do Not Lack Mortar: What Detractors Should Know 
In a world of uncertainties and crumbling western economies, the five-member BRICS group is more – not less – relevant   Russia & India Report 
A lot of people want to see the BRICS fail. Western nations, in particular the United States and Britain, are prime suspects. However, there are plenty of unwitting commentators in the emerging world who are playing into the West's hands. Each year, as the BRICS summit draws near, the cacophony from these haters grows louder. Questions about the viability and relevance of the BRICS are raised in the media. 
During the build-up to the Goa summit this year, the refrain was similar but with the background buzz that the India-China rift over Pakistan-backed terrorism would derail the summit. However, the predicted outcome of an implosion didn't materialise and, on the contrary, with India and Russia inking the S-400 missile deal , Goa 2016 turned out to be a memorable event. 
Since many innocent readers may have been misinformed by the compromised commentators – who will certainly be back like a bounced cheque next year – here's a ready reckoner on the BRICS group. So the next time you hear remarks that the BRICS are collapsing, don't lose sleep over the issue. 
World needs BRICS 
Most of the global multilateral institutions that exist today are no longer relevant. The IMF and the World Bank, for instance, were founded during the closing years of World War II. In geopolitical time, that's ancient history. Similarly, the G-7 appears to be on life support and the OECD (Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development) is no longer a leading organisation. 
With the western economies perched on monetary and budgetary cliffs, the five BRICS members provide a stable alternate force that offsets the West's decline. Both China and India continue to experience high economic growth and are on course to become mega economies that will completely dwarf the West in the coming decades. Beijing's growth may have fallen under 7 per cent but that's enough to add the equivalent of Holland's national income to the Chinese GDP. 
Bottom line: without the BRICS, the world economy will experience 1929 all over again. 
BRICS slowdown, not a meltdown 
Uday Kotak, executive vice-president of Kotak Mahindra Bank, feels India should quit the BRICS coalition because of the slowdown in four of the five economies. His view has been echoed by several so-called experts. But curiously, have you ever heard any economist or banker say the OECD must disband because it has basket cases such as Greece or terror exporters such as Turkey? 
According to the US-based Centre on Global Interests , 'You can look at the BRICS from the financial market's point of view, or from a geopolitical point of view. But whichever lens you view it through, what you see is the same: despite economic slowdowns and even economic hardship in some nations, these are far and away the most powerful countries outside of the developed core. Their economies have scale. Their decisions can move financial markets. They have intellectual capital and clout within their regions. And in terms of foreign policy, they are the counterweight to a unipolar world run largely by Washington and its friends in London and Brussels.' 
It adds: 'In both of these regards – economics and foreign policy – the BRICS are alive and kicking. In fact, they are more relevant today than they were in November 2001, when Jim O'Neill grouped them into the strange bedfellows that they have become.' 
Bilaterals can't bring down the BRICS 
If the UN fails to discuss relevant political issues, the international body is considered a failure. But BRICS is not a platform that was created for discussing politics. The primary role of the five-member group is to remove the West's grip from the levers that control the world economy. By establishing their own New Development Bank, the BRICS have ensured that the IMF is no longer the world's lender-of-last-resort. 
In this backdrop, fears that bilateral issues involving India and China will wreck summits have consistently proved to be baseless. 
Take Goa 2016. While the Goa Declaration mentions terror, the focus of the summit was not terrorism at all. Sure, Prime Minister Narendra Modi took a shot at Pakistan, describing it as the 'mothership of terrorism', and China defended its ally by saying it had made 'great sacrifices'. But both New Delhi and Beijing were merely playing to their respective galleries even as the real summitry was happening behind closed doors. 
To be sure, politics can be tabled if it's a side dish – like Syria was a couple of years ago – but issues with the potential to derail the summit simply have no place in BRICS. 
Critics of the BRICS often point to the India-China border issue as evidence of serious problems. But this misses the point. There always will be different opinions and views among the BRICS countries – just like there are differences among NATO or European Union members. 
BRICS are not united but it doesn't matter 
Unlike NATO or the European Union, where the member countries have more or less the same goals and are also of the same racial stock, each of the BRICS countries is different. However, their membership of BRICS gives them a common goal – development. As emerging countries, they are focussed on raising their standards of living. 
The fact that they are united as a group, despite such stark differences in national goals, opinions and geopolitical rivalries and even outright hostilities, points to the viability of the BRICS.

ARTICLE

Taming the corporate media beast Yandex Email Account Proves DNC Hacker Was NOT Russian 
Or, who in Russian intelligence doesn't dpeak Russian? Originally appeared at Medium.com 
On March 22, 2016 William 'Billy' Rhinehart, a regional field director at the Democratic National Committee, received an email from Google warning him that someone tried to access his account and that he should immediately change his password. He complied. 
Unfortunately for Mr. Rhinehart, it wasn't Google who sent him that email. He, along with many others, were a victim of Threat Group 4127 — the SecureWorks designation for Fancy Bear (CrowdStrike), APT28 (FireEye), and Sofacy (Kaspersky Lab). Secureworks assesses that TG 4127 'is operating from the Russian Federation and is gathering intelligence on behalf of the Russian government.' 
Thanks to a bizarre twist involving Guccifer 2.0's solicitation of a journalist at The Smoking Gun (TSG) to write about the DCLeaks emails in exchange for giving TSG an early look at some of the stolen documents, TSG was able to obtain the original spear phishing email directly from Billy Rhinehart and shared it with ThreatConnect, who posted this screenshot of the email's headers and identified the actual sender of the email:hi.mymail@yandex.com. 1-ibuqqojl1spagetqb9oumq.png 
What's Wrong With This Picture? 
Yandex is the Google of Russia. Like Google, Yandex is a search engine, and, like Gmail, Yandex's users can open a free email account. 
When you visit Yandex.ru and create a new email account, the email assigned to you has the .ru domain. However, hi.mymail@yandex.com has a .com domain. There's only one reason why something like that would happen, but first, here's what a Russian user would see when he creates a Yandex email account on RUNET (the Russian Internet). 
Step One: Pretend that you're in Russia 
Secureworks says that you work on behalf of the Russian government. CrowdStrike says that you're an employee of the Russian government. And everyone else believes that you're Russian so for this little experiment to work, you need to be on the Russian Internet. 
Assuming that you aren't already in Russia, you'll need to connect to a Russian proxy server. I have an account with PrivateVPN and used vpn-ru1.privatevpn.com for my test. 
Once you're connected, run a test to make sure that you're on RUNET by visiting http://www.ip2location.com/ . It will show you your IP address and geolocation. 
Step Two: Go to Yandex.ru 
Type Yandex.ru into your browser's address bar. You should see it resolve to https://yandex.ru/ .

ARTICLE

Citizen journalism with a punch How Siberia Became Part of Russia 
The conquest of Siberia by Russia took place in a relatively short period of time. How did it happen? Originally appeared at RBTH 
Siberia became a part of Russia with incredible speed. In 1585, the first Russian expedition attempting to cross the Eurasian continent perished beyond the Urals; only 54 years later, however, Russians reached the Pacific Ocean. 
The history of Russians in Siberia 
Russia's contact with Siberia's indigenous populations began long before the ill-fated military expedition to the Urals. The 14th-century Laurentian Codex, which is the oldest record of the history of Northern Russia, mentions Gurat Rogovich from Novgorod who went on an expedition to the "Ugra lands' in the 11th century. According to Russian historian Sergei Solovyov, the "great mountains and copper gaits" mentioned in the Codex are the Urals. In a subsequent period, the Ushkuiniks — pirate warriors from Novgorod who traveled along the rivers in flat-bottomed boats — would often raid those territories. 
In 1483, Muscovite warriors went on a military campaign to the Urals, and in 1555, the Khanate of Sibir, an ethnically diverse Muslim state made up of indigenous Siberian tribes, became a vassal of the Russian tsar. However, in 1563, a new leader, Kuchum, became khan and reasserted the independence of the Khanate. ostrog.jpg The first full-fledged Russian colonization expedition to Siberia was Cossack Yermak's campaign against Kuchum in 1581. By that time, the khan had begun raiding bordering Russian lands. Yermak, who began his expedition with 540 Cossacks, gathered more tro 
The first full-fledged Russian colonization expedition to Siberia was Cossack Yermak's campaign against Kuchum in 1581. By that time, the khan had begun raiding bordering Russian lands. Yermak, who began his expedition with 540 Cossacks, gathered more troops as he moved further into Siberia, fighting local tribes and the khan's forces along the way. In 1585, Kuchum's men led a raid on Yermak's camp and killed the Cossack leader and most of his soldiers. But it was too late to stop the colonization of Siberia. 
New Russian expeditions built forts in Siberia, which later evolved into large cities. In 1586, the city of Tyumen (current population 720,000) was founded; in 1604 — Tomsk (population: 570,000) and in 1628 — Krasnoyarsk, home to more than one million people today. 
Not a colony 
Unlike the British territories in North America, Siberia was not a colony. Russia did not divide its territories along such lines. The region just became a part of the expanding Russian Empire. The local elites were integrated into the Russian administrative systems. For example, Kuchum's son eventually signed a peace agreement, and his grandson became head of the Qasim Khanate, a Tatar vassal state of Russia. 
Experts believe that before the arrival of the Russians, 240,000-300,000 indigenous people lived in Siberia on a territory of 5 million square miles. The Siberian tribes fought fiercely against one another, and many of them accepted Russian rule as a way to avoid further bloodshed. However, the further east the Cossack explorers went, the more resistance they faced from those groups who wanted to preserve their independence. 
The Russian government used forts and garrisons to spread its power, but indigenous tribes attacked and burn the forts, which led to retaliatory strikes by the Cossacks. Folklorist Georgy Ergis says that in the legends of the Yakut people, Russians are described as "people of battles and massacres." 
The last holdouts 
The Chukchi were one of the most defiant indigenous people of Siberia. They fiercely fought the Cossacks and often even defeated them on occasion. The scale of the battles between the Chukchi and the Cossacks were not great — in one serious defeat on the Orlova River, the Russian forces lost 51 men — but eventually the imperial government had enough. In 1742, the tsar issued a decree: "Attack the restless Chukchi with an armed hand; eradicate them completely." surikov_1300.jpg Yermak's conquest of Siberia. Vasily Surikov. / Source: Wikipedia.org 
Like native groups in other parts of the world, the indigenous people of Siberia were vulnerable to diseases brought by Russian explorers. "The new illnesses weakened and demoralized the indigenous population," historian John Richards wrote. "They destroyed 80 percent of the Tungusic people and 44 percent of the Yukaghir people." 
Nevertheless, the aim of Russia's expansion was not genocide or the enslavement of the Siberian peoples but to impose a tribute on them and include the new lands in the Russian Empire. Usually, Russians would resort to weapons only if their diplomatic efforts failed. Today approximately 10 percent of the population of Siberia is made up of native peoples. In the Republic of Sakha-Yakutia, for example, there are more ethnic Yakuts than Russians.

ARTICLE

Russian 'Train Surfers' Risk Their Lives for a Unique Thrill 
Russian teenagers have long hitched rides on the back of underground trains travelling through Moscow 
But some thrill seekers are now taking the craze to new heights - riding on 155mph trains to St Petersburg 
The teenagers - who usually sport distinctive ski goggles and masks - cling on to the back of train carriages 
Despite regular reports of youths being electrocuted and killed, the thrill seekers refuse to reign in their hobby Originally appeared at Daily Mail 
Russian teenagers are risking their lives in a deadly new craze - surfing fast moving inter city trains. 
It has become a common sight in the capital Moscow to see the youngsters - usually sporting distinctive ski goggles and masks - clinging to the back of underground trains to hitch a free ride. 
But some thrill seekers are now taking the craze to new heights - mounting the roofs and standing between carriages of St Petersburg-bound locomotives travelling up to 155mph. 2ca20d51 578-3244929-image-a-57_1442936391337.jpg 
Sunset: It has become a common sight near the capital Moscow to see the youngsters clinging to the back of fast-moving trains 
Alexander Nomernoy, 18, who regularly risks his life riding the inter city trains, said: 'Even the first time riding a train in this way was not scary. I wouldn't call it extreme in the slightest.' 
The brazen group of train surfers can be seen waving at the camera in footage as they lie on the roof, clinging on by holding metal jutting from the train's roof. 
Some even dangle themselves off the side of the carriage as the locomotive gathers pace. 
Other clips show them sneaking in between carriages at stations before the trains pull away. 
And despite regular reports in Russian media of youths being electrocuted and killed following mishaps, the thrill seekers refuse to stop their dangerous hobby. 2ca20f97 578-3244929-image-a-77_1442936510512.jpg 
This Russian teenager clings a carriage as he sits only inches from the floor as the train hits speeds of up to 155mph 
Speaking of his hobby Mr Nomernoy said: 'I got interested after seeing a TV broadcast about a guy who died train surfing in Moscow underground. I wondered, how is it possible at all to do that? 
'Then once when the underground was full of people and I just couldn't get into the train. I needed to get home ASAP, so I decided to give it a try...I jumped on to the back of the train and held on.' 
More often than not the train surfers go completely undetected, slipping away before authorities know they are even there. 
'I actually like riding the long distance trains. It is more dangerous in terms of coming into contact with police to ride the underground - more chances to get caught,' Mr Nomernoy said. 
'I have tried many different ways of surfing - trams, trolleybuses, buses, underground trains roof and back...I would love to ride the underground train in different cities,' he added.

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at Chronicles Magazine 
In his latest Sputnik Radio International interview Srdja Trifkovic discusses the Czech Republic government's establishment of an information unit to counter what it says is pro-Russian, anti-Western and anti-NATO propaganda. 'We want to get into every smartphone,' said Milan Chovanec, the Czech interior minister. 
Audio (unedited verbatim transcript) 
ST: It is strangely reminiscent of the old Soviet times, when any criticism of Soviet policies was termed 'anti-Soviet propaganda,' and was ascribed to some mysterious imperialist forces in the West that were out to subvert the Soviet Union and its 'Fraternal Community of Socialist Nations.' It is rather funny that—more than a quarter of a century after the end of the Cold War—we see the exact replica of the mindset, and a state-financed reaction, on the side of the so-called liberal-democratic, free-market-oriented, 'Western' members of NATO. It is also significant that one of the foremost critics of the Western policies in general, and in Ukraine in particular, is Vaclav Klaus, one of the most respected Czech politicians. 
My immediate thought is whether they regard Mr. Klaus—the elder statesman of the Czech Republic—as one of the exponents of the Russian propaganda who needs to be monitored and countered. My second thought is that, ultimately, it comes to the quality of information and analysis. If the makers of this new unit, fighting what they regard as Russian disinformation, are up against certain perfectly justified, rational, and well-reasoned criticism of Western policies, and those of NATO in particular, then they have a big problem. In this time and age, of the mainstream media being confronted by the social media, the Internet, they will have a problem, because the unspoken assumption is that the quality of information and analysis they can offer is better than what they regard as the Russian propaganda. 
As it happens, we have this counter-propaganda all the time, in the pages of the New York Times and the Washington Post, on the BBC, the CNN, and every flickering screen and every printed page all over the Western world. And yet . . . they are not doing a very good job. Ultimately, if we are looking at an informed and rational consumer of information, he or she will be able to make an astute judgment of who is in the right and who is actually a propagandist. 
Q: Srdja, if they consider this to be so important at this particular moment, why is this unit made up of only twenty people? 
ST: It could made up of only two people if they are well informed, capable of top-class analysis, and if they have strong arguments which can be used to counter what they regard as Russian disinformation. It boils down to what I mentioned earlier: the quality of information, and the quality of analysis. 
Q: Is it going to have any influence on anything at all? 
ST: Ultimately not. Obviously, the same job is being done by much better paid columnists of theWashington Post, the Guardian, Le Monde, the Frankfurter Rundschau—they are all up to the same thing: to discredit arguments against the global empire of the United States and its fellow travelers in Western Europe. If that job is not done much better by people who are paid hundreds of thousands of dollars or euros every year to do it in a systematic and coherent way, I don't see any way for a bunch of twenty Czech bureaucrats to do it. 
Q: Let's get back to the accusations that some Czech politicians have been throwing at Moscow, that they are forming the networks of pro-Russian groups that can be used to destabilize the country. How grounded are these accusations? 
ST: It reminds one of McCarthyism in the United States in the early 1950's. If you are a 'deviant' in your mindset, if you dare criticize the official line, if you say things that are outside the permitted parameters of rightspeak, then you must be an agent for a foreign power. It is a paranoid mindset, it is deeply antidemocratic, and it smacks of Stalinism. This is, of course, Stalinism in a postmodern-liberal guise, but it is not qualitatively different from the original model.

ARTICLE

About Taming the corporate media beast An Open Letter of Friendship and Mutual Respect for Patriots in the United States, Western Europe and Russia 
A visit to an old Soviet cemetery outside a NATO airbase in Estonia reveals what we all have in common The author is a Major (Retired) of the US Air Force and a Human Security advocate This is not intended to be alarmist, but only to reflect the ongoing realities (which I hope will defuse at the end of 2016 and the beginning of 2017). I read the information contained in today's news about US and Britain deployment of fighter planes, infantry, tanks and artillery to Romania and Poland . There are multiple other news stories available on the latest reactions of NATO to continue to ratchet up East-West tensions . Through pure coincidence (visiting the property of a new Estonian friend where I might volunteer in future months to plant a medicinal herbal garden, establish a Baltic Ecovillage retreat, or host an international Finland-Estonia-Russia children's summer camp for art and music) I was less than 5 miles from Amari Air Base where there is an ongoing rotation of NATO aircraft for Baltic Air Policing . Outside this former Soviet Air Base I was able to visit a graveyard for fallen Soviet airmen and pay my respects. an_open_letter_of_friendship_and_mutual_respect_for_patriots_of_all_countries.docx_google_dokumenty.png Many of these flyers who had died in aircraft accidents in the 1970's and 1980's were of the same age as me, or my brothers who were flying for the U.S. Air Force and U.S. Navy during the same times. I salute these fallen warriors, and hope that in the near future all those dedicated to the Golden Rule (reciprocity) and Brotherly Love (communal concern) can overcome old and outdated Cold War stereotypes to build a fear free world dedicated to Human Security or other regenerative principles .

ARTICLE

Hacking Accusations Against Russia Are Sign of Washington's Desperation 
With Putin winning across the board, Washington is struggling to contain its humilitation Originally appeared at Strategic Culture Foundation 
The Obama administration is now accusing Russia of cyber-crime and trying to disrupt the US presidential election. The claim is so far-fetched, it is hardly credible. More credible is that the US is reeling from Putin's stunning humiliation earlier this week. 
Since June, US media and supporters of Democrat presidential contender Hillary Clinton have been blaming Russian state-sponsored hackers for breaking into the Democratic party's database. 
It is further alleged that Moscow is stealthily trying to influence the outcome of the election, by releasing damaging information on Clinton, which might favor Republican candidate Donald Trump. 
Russia has vehemently denied any connection to the cyber-crime charges, or trying to disrupt the November poll. 
Now the Obama administration has stepped into the fray by openly accusing Russia. «US government officially accuses Russia of hacking campaign to interfere with elections», reported the Washington Post. 
This takes the row to a whole new level. No longer are the insinuations a matter of private, partisan opinion. The US government is officially labelling the Russian state for cyber-crime and political subversion. 
Predictably, following the latest allegations, there are calls among American lawmakers for ramping up more economic sanctions against Russia. While US intelligence figures are urging for retaliatory cyber-attacks on Russian government facilities. 
Vladimir Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov derided the US claims as «rubbish». He noted that the Kremlin's computer system incurs hundreds of hacking attempts every day, many of which can be traced to American origin, but Moscow doesn't turn around and blame the US government for such cyber-attacks. 
There are several signs that the latest brouhaha out of Washington is a bogus diversion. 
As with previous Russian-hacker claims by the Democrats and US media, there is no evidence presented by the Obama administration to support its grave allegations against the Russian government. Assertion without facts does not meet a minimal standard of proof. 
When reports emerged in June – again through the Washington Post – that the Democrat National Committee (DNC) was hacked by Russian agents, the allegation relied on investigations by a private cyber security firm by the name of CrowdStrike. The firm is linked by personnel to the NATO-affiliated, anti-Russian think tank Atlantic Council. Again no verifiable evidence was presented then, just the word of a dubious partisan source. 
Back then the Russian scare story, for that's what it was, served as a useful diversion from far more important issues. Such as the 19,000 emails released from the DNC database showing that the party chiefs had preordained Clinton's presidential nomination over her Democrat rival Bernie Sanders. Much-vaunted «US democracy» was exposed as a fraud, and so the Washington establishment quickly went into damage-limitation mode by smearing Russia. 
It was the whistleblower site Wikileaks, run by Australian journalist Julian Assange, that released the embarrassing emails. It had nothing to do with Russia. Assange has since hinted that his source was within the Democrat party itself. 
This is where it gets really explosive. Assange has vowed to release more emails that will prove that Clinton as Secretary of State back in 2011-2012 masterminded the supply of weapons and money to Islamist terror networks in Libya and Syria for the objective of regime change. Furthermore, Assange says that the emails prove that Clinton lied under oath to Congress when she denied in 2013 that she was had any involvement in facilitating arms to the jihadists. 
Assange has said that Wikileaks is going to publish the incriminating emails on Clinton's alleged gun-running to terrorists this month. If the evidence stands up, Clinton could be prosecuted for perjury as well as treason in aiding and abetting official terrorist enemies of the US. 
The exposure of an American presidential candidate as being involved in state sponsorship of terrorism while serving as a top government official is a powerful incentive for the Obama administration to find a lurid diversion. 
Hence, the latest charges by the US government against Russia as perpetrating cyber-crime and of trying to subvert American democracy. 
This is just one more illustration of how irrational and unhinged the US government has become. 
Day by day, it seems, leads to more damning revelations of Washington's complicity in illegal wars, covert subversion of foreign states, and systematic collusion with terrorist networks which have inflicted thousands of deaths on American citizens, among many more thousands of other innocent civilians around the world. 
In addition to exposure by sources like Wikileaks, much of revelation about US criminality and state-sponsored banditry has emerged from Russia's principled military intervention in Syria. Russia's intervention has not only helped salvage the Syrian nation from a foreign conspiracy of covert war for regime change. Russia's intervention has also brought into clear focus the systematic links between Washington and its terrorist proxy army working on its behalf in Syria. 
Washington's mask of moral and legal superiority has been ripped from its face. And what the world is seeing is the vile ugliness beneath. 
Such is Washington's ignominious fall from pretend-grace to its grim, odious reality that Vladimir Putin this week was empowered to speak from the moral high ground. 
In announcing Russia's unilateral suspension of a 2002 accord with the US for the disposal of nuclear-weapon-grade plutonium, Putin went much, much further. He gave Washington a list of ultimatums that included the US ending its trumped-up sanctions against Russia, with financial compensation, as well as the scaling back of NATO forces from Russia's border. 
In other words, the Russian leader was talking truth to American power in a way that megalomaniac Washington, with all its ridiculous delusions of «exceptionalism», has never ever heard before. 
American pretensions of greatness are eroding like a castle built on sand. Washington's criminal enterprises and specifically the complicity in terrorism for the supreme crime of foreign aggression are being glaringly exposed. 
And now with due contempt, Russia is putting manners on Washington. It must be excruciating the humiliation for the narcissistic American tyrant to be treated with the disrespect that it deserves and which is long overdue. 
Moreover, the humiliation is not just in the eyes of the world. The American people can see the true ugly nature of their rulers too. When a giant banner declaring «Putin a peacemaker» was unfurled off Manhattan bridge in New York City this weekend, the popular enthusiasm went viral. 
Washington is reeling from Putin's righteous courage to call it out for what it is. The truth-telling is hard to take for this unipolar unicorn. Its deluded myth-making about its own virtues are being stripped bare. 
What's going on here is a world-class, historic exposure of American power as a nefarious excrescence on humanity. 
The reaction is understandable: foaming-at-the-mouth, desperate, hysterical and panicked. Accusing Russia of hacking into the American «democratic process» is a wild attempt to divert from the paramount issues: Washington's exposed descent into a vile morass of its own making; the emperor is a criminal; the people know it; and a genuine world leader like Vladimir Putin has the temerity to lay it on the line to this has-been.

ARTICLE

Newsbud does great work, so send them a few bucks if you can. They're the real deal. 
Here is a message from the founder of Newsbud, Sibel Edmond: 
We have launched our new Kickstarter campaign, and we need your help again. We have 35 days to raise $130,000, and we know we can do it with your support! 
We have taken an enormous step forward thanks to your funding of our Phase 1 campaign. Now we need your help to achieve this next step so we can continue building our 100% people-funded independent media outlet. 
Please help. Make a pledge and put the word out by telling everyone in your social-media networks. 
Without you, we cannot achieve our dream of a media outlet that is nonpartisan and accountable only to its viewers and to the truth. Make a donation, subscribe, and activate others. They have rendered we the people irrelevant; together, we will make them irrelevant! 
Thank you for all your support,Sibel Edmond

ARTICLE

Citizen journalism with a punch Clinton Suggested US Should Rig a Foreign Election — But Don't Expect the Media to Care Originally appeared at RT 
Hillary Clinton has spent a disproportionate amount of time lately complaining — without evidence — about 'the Russians' interfering with the US election. But it turns out that interfering in foreign elections is totally fine if you're the United States. 
Clinton has used this notion of Russian interference as a non-stop talking point throughout her campaign. Any and all scandals she has faced have been blamed on Moscow, and she has used alleged Russian involvement as a convenient distraction. Her supporters have enthusiastically adopted the talking point. In light of the FBI's decision to reopen the investigation into her use of a private email server, one congressman actually suggested that Russia may be behind the FBI's decision. Yes, Russia has now infiltrated the FBI, which is working with Vladimir Putin to elect Trump and destroy Hillary. It's all a massive conspiracy. 
So, you would think given her apparent distaste for other countries supposedly meddling in the American electoral process, that Clinton wouldn't have been caught on tape suggesting very candidly to a group of journalists that the US should have rigged a foreign election. 
But she was. The tape is from a 2006 meeting Clinton held with the editorial board of the Jewish Press when she was running for re-election as senator for New York. Here is the quote in full, so there can be no accusations of taking it out of context: 
'I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake — and if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.' 
That's right. Clinton suggested the US should have made sure the outcome of a Palestinian election went in its favor. She was referring to the 2006 election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council, which saw the US-favored Fatah lose to Hamas (45 seats to 74 seats). 
This is one of those stories that will be largely ignored or played down by the American media, which favor Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump, and see it as their duty to get her elected. If Trump had made the same remarks, we would never hear the end of it. No doubt, some will try to water down the comment and imply that Clinton didn't really mean what she said. But there is frankly no other way to interpret her words. This is Hillary Clinton casually suggesting that the US should have rigged a foreign election in its favor. 
How else can you 'determine' the outcome of an election before it happens? How else can you be 'sure' who is going to win in advance? All the polling data in the world could end up being wrong — so unless you do something unsavory to fully ensure the outcome, then there's no way you can be 'sure' of anything. But don't hold your breath waiting for journalists to push Clinton on what exactly she had in mind when she said the US should have done 'something' about it. 
Eli Chomsky, the journalist that released the tape, told the Observer that in the 2006 meeting with Clinton, he was surprised that 'anyone could support the idea — offered by a national political leader, no less — that the US should be in the business of fixing foreign elections.' Chomsky's bosses at the Jewish Press at the time felt the comments were not 'newsworthy,' and so they weren't published. In reality, he admitted, they simply didn't want to offend Clinton should they need her 'down the road.' Convinced it was in fact newsworthy, Chomsky held on to the tape for 10 years. 
Clinton's casual suggestion to influence an election in the US' favor takes on more significance in light of the revelations that her campaign was working with the 'neutral' Democratic National Committee (DNC) to ensure she won the presidential nomination over Bernie Sanders. 
Strangely enough, as the Observer also noted, in answering a question about the US talking to its enemies, the Clinton of 2006 sounded more like the Donald Trump of 2016. Asked if it was 'worth talking to Syria,' she said that she didn't see how it could hurt to talk to your adversaries, citing the fact that the US and the Soviet Union never stopped talking to each other. She continued: 'But if you say, 'they're evil, we're good, [and] we're never dealing with them,' I think you give up a lot of the tools that you need to have in order to defeat them…' 
This is particularly odd because Clinton in recent years has been one of the biggest cheerleaders of the 'Russia is evil and America is good' ideology. But again, don't expect Clinton to be questioned rigorously on any of this. American journalists only have 10 days left to get her elected. They're not going to bother worrying about irrelevancies like the fact that she's evidently totally fine with foreign election rigging. 
You really couldn't make this stuff up. Clinton spends months pretending to be outraged over Russia interfering in the US election (with no solid evidence), and then audio emerges of her unequivocally suggesting Washington should have rigged a Palestinian election. The level of hypocrisy and irony here is hard to fathom. 
No doubt, one person who will enthusiastically pick the story up is Clinton's opponent Donald Trump, who has been suggesting for months that she will somehow manage to rig the presidential election against him. 
Clinton herself will probably find a way to pin the release of the tape on the Russians.

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at Nsnbc International 
Academy member Boris Chetverushkin, on Friday, stated that former U.S. Secretary of State and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Dr. Henry Kissinger has been elected to the Russian Academy of Sciences along with another six Nobel Prize laureates. 
The other Nobel Prize winners elected to the Russian Academy of Sciences include Serge Haroche and Martinus Veltman (physics); Roger D. Kornberg, Jean-Pierre Sauvage and Dan Shechtman (chemistry); Kenneth J. Arrow (economy). Kissinger was also elected to the Academy for his 'global studies'. 
The now 93-year-old Dr. Henry Kissinger, 93, is one of the authors of the policy of 'd·tente' in the US-Soviet relations. In 1993 he won the Nobel Peace Prize for his role in negotiating and reaching the Paris Accord aimed at ending the war against / in Vietnam. Kissinger also has many US State awards, including the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest US civilian decoration, awarded to individuals who have made an outstanding contribution to the security or national interests of the United States, world peace, cultural or other significant public or private endeavors. 
In latter years after withdrawing from 'official' politics, Kissinger promoted the image that he now was focusing on 'writing memoirs', articles, books on foreign policy and diplomacy, including his works 'Nuclear Weapons and Foreign Policy'; 'The White House Years' and 'Does America Need a Foreign Policy?' 
During the onset of the crisis in Ukraine Kissinger also wrote a lengthy article suggesting the 'Finlandization' of the Ukraine, but without mentioning a word about the systematic engineering of the 'crisis' by U.S. power-brokers. Kissinger may or may not have stopped being a 'swinger', but as he once said, 'power is the ultimate aphrodisiac'. He may have withdrawn from 'official' politics but he never removed himself far from 'power'. 
When the administration of George W. Bush had to cave in to pressure to launch an investigation into the events on September 11, 2001, it suggested that Dr. Henry Kissinger lead the 9/11 Commission. Kissinger had to withdraw when some of the bereaved 'Jersey Girls' asked Kissinger if his company, by any chance, had members of the Bin Laden family among its clients. An actual 'criminal' investigation into 9/11 took never place and leading members of the 9/11 Commission have since written that it was 'set up to fail' from the start. 
Ironically, Kissinger has also been one of the main architects of the U.S. policy that led to the bloody coup in Chile, on September 11, 1973. A coup that inspired many then young people (like this author) in Latin America and in the West to organize a militant resistance. The overthrow of Salvador Allende was followed by sixteen years of terror. 
Kissinger also played key roles in Argentina's 'dirty war', marked by mass'disappearances' with bodies of 'dissidents' dumped into the ocean from helicopters, dumped into mass graves, and many of those who lived to tell the tale were marked by the trauma of physical and psychological torture for the remainder of their lives. 
The U.S. 'policy', in Latin America, of which Kissinger was a main architect, would also spill over into, and spill blood in Colombia, Venezuela, Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador and Nicaragua. 
Dr. Kissinger's 'rap sheet' is far too long to publish in one news article, but one may want to read the book of the late journalist Christopher Hitchens wrote about Kissinger in his book entitled 'The Trial of Henry Kissinger'. 
Hitchens diligently documented Kissinger's involvement in a number of alleged war crimes in Indochina (Vietnam – Laos – Cambodia), Bangladesh, Chile, Cyprus and East Timor. Hitchens made a compelling case for the need to prosecute Dr. Henry Kissinger. 
The Russian Academy of Sciences, for its part, has arguably made two brilliant points by electing Kissinger. It has provided additional evidence for the fact that Academies of Science, worldwide, are instruments of politicized science comparable to a Caliphate being a marriage of State and religion. It has also proven that utilitarianism at the Russian Academy of Sciences outweighs scientific, moral and ethical imperatives.

ARTICLE

Citizen journalism with a punch Putin Is Giving Guns and Ammo to the Alt-Right. I Know This Because I'm Glenn Beck. 
A tasty sampling of word goo, from your favorite political commentator, me, Glenn Beck. Print Me. 
Hi. Glenn Beck here. Just wanted to say thank you to Russia Insider for agreeing to republish some of my thoughtful thoughts about Vladimir Putin, Nazis, Vladimir Putin giving guns to Nazis to shoot people with....stuff like that. 
Here are some actual things that I recently said on my televised news program, Glenn Beck Wears a Hat at Grandma's House : 

Okay. I want to talk to you about something. I want to talk to you about Vladimir Putin. Vladimir Putin has now upped the game and is now funneling money, training, and terror to the alt-right in Europe. 
[...] 
There is a — what a surprise, cop-killing spree in Hungary. The neo-Nazis are fueling a lot of this. And the cop-killing spree, as they went in and they caught one of these cop killers, they found out, 'Holy cow, look at, this is a neo-Nazi. This is an old neo-Nazi. He's 70 years old. He's been coordinating this?' 
But they also found guns and training from Vladimir Putin's Russia. They now have — their version of the FBI has on tape Russian operatives going over in Europe, specifically in this case Hungary, coming in and training terrorists, alt-right terrorists. 
Yes, I actually said these things while wearing my hat. Watch for yourself: I'm an idiot.

ARTICLE

Taming the corporate media beast Opps! German Magazine Uses ISIS Propaganda Video to Show All is Well in Mosul 
Well they are on the same side, after all Originally appeared at Sputnik 
In an almost four-minute video, political editor of Spiegel Online Christoph Sydow tried to defend the editorial policy of his magazine regarding the developments in Aleppo and Mosul. However, the shots demonstrated in his video turned out to be the propaganda materials of Daesh terrorists. 
The video was supposed to be a response to critical letters of Spiegel Online readers and their comments on social networks. Many of them accused the magazine of spreading propaganda and presenting the situation in the Middle East in a biased manner. "Again and again, readers have been accusing us of presenting the Aleppo siege as a bad one, and that of Mosul as a good one. That's not right. Political editor Christoph Sydow explains the similarities and the differences," Spiegel Online reported. In the video, Sydow explained the similarities and differences of both situations. "Eastern Aleppo has been cut off from the outside world for months. There is no help coming to the city. People are starving. There is no drinking water, lack of electricity. In Mosul, the situation is different at the moment. The city can receive supplies; people have water, electricity, enough food. Nobody was starving to death there yet," Sydow said. To prove his point of view, the journalist referred to video footage showing that the situation in Mosul is not as bad as one probably imagined. But it turns out that the footage he used was Daesh propaganda material who currently keep Mosul under their control. 1046870142.png 
According to BILDblog, which sharply criticized the German magazine for the releasing video, the shots of the city were published by Daesh a few days ago to make a false impression that people in the city "live a normal life," which in fact is not true. 
"This is the most recent Daesh propaganda video which was published online five days ago. It is supposed to show normal life in Mosul, happy people, who have everything they need. However, in fact, there is a lack of water, food, medicines and electricity. This is what people from Mosul tell their relatives in secret telephone calls," the ARD report said. 1046870197.png 
In the right upper corner of the video, near the logo of the Spiegel magazine, one can see "an Amaq" symbol — the logo of Al-Amaq news agency, a media outlet considered an official part Daesh's propaganda apparatus. "This is the propaganda material of the so-called 'Islamic State' (Daesh)," BILDblog wrote. 
Earlier, Germany's ARD TV channel used the same recordings in its report called "Iraq: Inside Mosul". However, in contrast to Spiegel, the ARD stated that the information was taken from Daesh propaganda sources.

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at Pravoslavie.ru 
A Siberian theatre triggered a storm today by cancelling a staging of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical Jesus Christ Superstar after a pro-Kremlin nationalist group condemned it as blasphemy. 
The touring production by Saint Petersburg's Rock Opera theatre was due to open November 1 in the Musical Theatre of the city of Omsk, but the organisers cancelled it this week following protests by conservative activists. 
In a report from Omsk, Regnum news agency wrote today that the scandal 'has prompted a major public reaction'. 
It quoted art critic Vadim Klimov as saying: 'Today you cannot say that Russia is a secular state.' 
An obscure group called Family, Love, Fatherland had appealed to regional authorities to stop the staging and applied to hold a demonstration, accusing the long-running musical of 'non-stop blasphemy' and 'mockery of faith'. 
The closure comes as relatively small numbers of nationalist activists with Orthodox beliefs are voicing their views more and more stridently, supported by some officials. 
Amnesty International called the cancellation of the show 'the latest example of interference in Russian cultural life by nationalist 'activists'.' 
The region's culture ministry distanced itself from the decision to stop the show, with a spokesman saying the promoter cancelled the show 'for some reasons of its own,' RIA Novosti state news agency reported. 
The Omsk diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church also denied any 'interference' in the theatre's repertoire. 
Last year a director and the head of another Siberian theatre in Novosibirsk went on trial for 'desecrating religious symbols' over a staging of Richard Wagner'sTannhauser opera. The case was dropped, but the theatre's head was sacked. 
Rossiya-24 state television reported the decision to close Lloyd Webber's 'legendary rock opera' was most likely taken by the theatre 'fearing to repeat the fate' of the Tannhauser staging. 
The musical was first staged in Russia in 1990 during Mikhail Gorbachev's perestroika reforms. 
Russia made offending religious believers a criminal offence after the Pussy Riot punk band performed a song slamming President Vladimir Putin in a Moscow church in 2012.

ARTICLE

People over profits The Ease of Doing Halloween à la Russe 
The West's biggest monster this Halloween is Russia, but behind the mask the country is doing absolutely fine Print The author is Chairman, Disciplinary Committee, National Association of Corporate Directors, Russia 
Over the past few years I have had various views levelled at me by my fellow citizens such as 'You are an apologist for Russia!', 'Putin and his circle are mass murderers', 'you are now blind to the truth!' and so on. I get such statements mostly long distance through the internet from the States and some cases the EU. It is understandable given that bad news sells news, and objective deep investigative reporting by professionals appears relegated to selective interests mostly in the blogosphere. As I live and work in this 'nasty, criminal Russia' and am concerned for my family's welfare, I am more than interested to get the facts on what is happening around us and where we are heading. My sources of information like most people comes from friends, neighbors, work acquaintances, colleagues and of course the global media. A potpourri of opinions, much accusatory noise, so where in this hubbub lurk simple evidential truths? As it is now Halloween, I thought it only appropriate to wheel out the ever-popular ghoulish Russian monster and the attendant gaggle of batty tricky gremlin familiars from Siberian wastes. I do this to pay homage to one of my favorite holidays with the help of such 'evildoers' as a backdrop. I invite you to have a look into this fiery pit of horrors, it may entice you re-examine your views, question, and set you on the course to establish your business in Russia! Hhmmmm… trick or treat? Although statistics and rankings tend to overlook fundamental differences in what drives economic progress, or from what starting point one or another nation had to contend with, nonetheless the wicked witch of the west and her legions of LaGardettes have researched some interesting views, namely: The World Bank, Ease of Doing Business Rankings ( http://www.doingbusiness.org/data ). To be fair, I thought a ten-year slice would be sufficient to compare and contrast Russia against the rest of BRICS and the USA, so 2006 through 2016 it is, otherwise Russia's Government guided by 'Count Vlad the Bad' would look even more horrifying. Ease of Doing Business Rankings (World Bank) Countries Rank 2006 Rank 2016 Brazil 119 123 United States 3 8 (Note: The higher the number, the more difficult to do business). What the above indicates to me is that there are general trends becoming apparent, in all cases except Russia and China the ease of conducting business is becoming comparatively harder. Each of the six countries listed above have an individually complex bouquet of internal and external specifics that make direct comparisons almost meaningless, however what is common are overall directions based on common metrics. I would recommend going to the world bank website mentioned earlier as it breaks down the components leading to these overall rankings, which if you are an aficionado of economics and history is an invaluable additional overlay to any reasoned geopolitical assessments of our world. Russia is paternalistic, steeped in a black miasmic lagoon of traditions long since abandoned by our innovative world, stifling development, basic freedoms, and even repressing women! Back home, the issue of women's rights is vital, newsworthy, of vast political import – it can and does titillate the electorate in many ways both subjective and objective as witnessed in these 2016 elections. Russia on the other hand, popularly prejudged an outcast country, feels it has little to shout about or act on concerning women. This aside from the fact that they are in the main warm, intelligent, competent and stunningly beautiful – fodder for male sexist fantasies. I was horrified to learn that Russia (almost like Don Trump) perniciously tops the list of countries with the highest number of female board members, and that at least 45 percent of senior management positions across its nine time zones are held by women. This evolved without quotas, Hillary Clinton, or any extraordinary outside pressures, which really disappoints me. The pragmatic characteristics of Russians tend to value the actions a person chooses to make, rather than rhetoric and show. In this context, the traditionally developing values and roles between women and men seem naturally to be doing fine. Whistling in appreciation of a woman passing on the street is not insulting; it is what it is, a compliment, pleasure, a bravo between strangers, and a positive normal interaction. Cultural preferences can be hard mistresses to live and work with, no doubt. What Halloween would be complete without including the most odious, shuddersome monster of all? Who else but Vladimir Putin, or 'Count Vlad the Bad' as Washington and Brussels like to paint him. His background is frighteningly direct given the infamy he gets. Serving as a KGB analyst for much of his career in East Germany when the wall came down. Moving back to St. Petersburg with his family he worked advising the then mayor on foreign affairs. He resigned from the KGB and progressed within the political administration of the mayor's office coordinating relations with the military, police, district attorney, customs officials, and other city related diplomatic matters. Considered by those who knew him then as a progressive and talented manager who played a key role attracting a number of Western corporations to the city. He pushed for and directly assisted enabling a great many of joint ventures with foreign companies, establishing a large foreign banking presence, legalizing sale of land that allowed privatization of residential properties, opening the international trade center, strengthening municipal and regional banks. He earned a good reputation within the foreign business community of being an open, practical, ethical man who to the amazement of many, and contrary to the norms of those times did not ask for or accept bribes. Seen by colleagues in Moscow as objective, disciplined and capable was therefore invited into president Yeltsin's administration where he advanced to the level of prime minister. On New Year's Eve in 2000, he became acting president, a Yeltsin parting gift to Russia. Count Vlad it seems takes his task of representing Russia's national interests seriously as evidenced everywhere one looks today inside this monstrous, politically incorrect federation. Russia to be seen as a successful country, particularly in spite of doing so in ways not answerable to the west, does not seem to play well with the leaders in the US and EU. The record of accomplishment of the Russian administration is chilling, the citizenry saw their incomes rise many fold, the poverty rate was halved, consistent economic growth, flat income tax, and a country safe to live in. Unlikely as it may sound coming from this authoritarian hellhole of a country, it has one of the highest rates of education in the world with 54% of Russians having college degrees. Legally mandated paid maternity leave for women, and a payment made directly to the mother on giving birth of a second child of 450,000 rubles (up from 250,000 due to effects of US/EU sanctions). Healthcare is improving steadily as is life expectancy, which has steadily risen to 71 (from a deep dark abyss) and is still rising. All this without Tories, Labor, GOP, Democratic Party, EU a la Brussels, or other 'democratic brands' and popular models currently on sale – just the government of the Russian Federation. Frightening! Have a fun and reflectively chilling Halloween!

ARTICLE

Don't Get Too Excited About the FBI's New Probe of Clinton 
The mainstream corporate media has proven itself very adept at protecting Hillary Originally appeared at Chronicles Magazine 
The FBI bombshell is not necessarily a gamechanging event. The Clinton campaign, and its mainstream media extension, have weathered with surprising ease the fainting episode on September 11. 
In the next two days they will focus on: the possibility (they will claim likelihood) that Anthony Wener's/Huma Abedin's server does not contain any emails not known to the FBI already, let alone those designated confidential, classified, secret or top secret—that was Hillary Clinton's predictable immediate reaction ; the assertion that the FBI will not be able to sift through thousands of emails quickly enough to provide a clear answer to (1) before the election, which is the coded message behind the Clinton camp's demand for a 'detailed and thorough' investigation—demands for 'immediate' disclosure notwithstanding—and an unnamed official has already indicated that it was not likely that the FBI's review of the additional emails could be completed by Election Day; and the claim that the FBI was acting under political pressure from Clinton's foes: Sen. Dianne Feinstein has already declared that 'the FBI has a history of extreme caution near Election Day so as not to influence the results. Today's break from that tradition is appalling.' 
The one truly appalling event in this saga was James Comey's decision last spring not to ask for a grand jury, without which the entire investigation into Clinton's emails was predictably sidetracked. On that inglorious form, his surprise Friday announcement may indicate that the potential for scandal is so great that his options for further damage limitation in Clinton's interest were extremely limited. 
However . . . In 1982 I interviewed for the BBC World Service one of Ireland's best respected diplomats and political commentators, Conor Cruise O'Brien, at his home by the cliffs above the Irish Sea. In passing he mentioned Ireland's scandal-ridden prime minister of the day, Charles Haughey, who had managed repeatedly to survive numerous disclosures of corruption and wrongdoing. O'Brien said that if he saw Charlie Haughey 'buried at midnight at a crossroads with a stake driven through his heart, I should continue to wear a clove of garlic around my neck, just in case.' 
Hillary Clinton's detractors should take note.

ARTICLE

Media skeptic Over 500 Russian and Egyptian Troops Train to Kill Terrorists (Photos) 
The Egyptian military is going to use the experience of the Russian Airborne Troops in the fight against international terrorism Did you enjoy this article? - Consider helping us! Russia Insider depends on your donations: the more you give, the more we can do. $1 $10 Other amount 
If you wish you make a tax-deductible contribution of $1,000 or more, please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire

ARTICLE

Reality check media Breaking Trust, Breaking the Bank - The Inside Story of Russia's Biggest Bank Robbery 
Benedict Worsley is implicated in the disappearance of $3 billion from the Trust Bank of Moscow Originally appeared at Dances with Bears 
Investigators searching for $3 billion in funds missing from Trust Bank of Moscow, the biggest Russian bank fraud in history, have found Benedict Worsley, the Cyprus-based manager of the bank's offshore operations, at a heavily fortified house in the south of France, where he is guarded by British gunmen formerly employed by the British secret services. 
The High Court in London has revealed that in return for cash and a promise of immunity from prosecution, Worsley has agreed to cooperate in the search for the missing money. He is now reported to be employed by Otkritie Bank, which is being financed by the Central Bank of Russia, to operate the old Trust Bank. However, sources close to the Central Bank say that officials at the bank are anxious to see Otkritie start repaying the bailout loans, and reluctant to soften the terms or extend the repayment dates as Otkritie is reported to be requesting. Suspicion is also rife in Moscow banking circles, according to one source, that ' well-known names in high places were beneficiaries of the Trust Bank loans. They don't want to be identified or obliged to repay. ' They, according to a Cyprus source and another in London, who knows Worsley, are 'threats to Worsley, and he knows it.' 
Worsley refuses to respond to emails, and he has closed the Cyprus office of Teos Management, where until late last year, he used to manage Trust Bank's loans through dozens of companies he created and directed, on instruction from the bank, its control shareholder Ilya Yurov, and others. Yurov has testified in the London court that he ordered forensic accountants to trace what had happened to the bank's loan funds. The Russian state Deposit Insurance Agency (DIA) amd Otkritie Bank have also been searching. To substantiate their application to the High Court for a freeze on Yurov's assets in the UK and Switzerland, they have reportedly identified asset value and bank accounts worth $830 million. For more details of the Yurov scheme, read this . For the High Court records, click to open . 
One source for Worsley's operations has not been made public before. This is the archive known as the Panama Papers , compiled by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) in Washington. According to the ICIJ, it obtained its ' data through three massive leaks. The largest one comes from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca, whose inner workings were exposed in the Panama Papers investigation published in April 2016 in conjunction with Süddetsche Zeitung and more than 100 other media partners .' 
It is far from easy to find Benedict Worsley in the Panama Papers data base assembled by the ICIJ. For example, here is what turns up when the search box cue is Benedict Worsley . Most of the listed entities were either deactivated before Yurov took over Trust Bank, or are unconnected to both Russia and Cyprus, where Worsley and Yurov have operated. One entity, Benedict Investment Corporation, was created by GSL Law in Cyprus in 2002, and is still active. GSL is a Russian law firm, based in Moscow, which provides offshore services. It doesn't appear to have been involved with Worsley and Trust Bank. 
However, Benedict Worsley can be found in the Panama Papers, not by searching for his name, but by searching for companies he created, managed, and directs still. In order to open Worsley's file in the Panama Papers, it is necessary to know the names of several of his companies first. Some of these names have not been detected in the Cyprus searches before. 
Here is the asset map for Worsley in the Panama Papers archive:

ARTICLE

Reality check media SYRIA: Heavy Fighting as Rebels Storm Aleppo in Desperate Offensive 
Hundreds, possibly thousands of fighters attacking along with dozens of suicide bombers in a desperate bid to prevent Syrian army from wrapping up the battle of Aleppo before Hillary presumably takes over in January Originally appeared at Middle East Eye 
Car bombs and rocket fire shook Aleppo on Saturday as rebels battled to break a siege by the Syrian government, which launched a counteroffensive under cover of air strikes, trying to retake areas they had lost to rebels the day before, activists and state media said. 
The government said it had pushed back an attack on the south and west of the city, but the rebels and the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group, said rebels had taken control of an entire suburb in the southwest corner of Aleppo, VOA reported. 
The offensive, launched on Friday, aims to break through a three-month encirclement of the battered city's eastern districts, where more than 250,000 people live without access to food or humanitarian aid. 
"In just a few days, we will open the way for our besieged brothers," rebel commander Abu Mustafa told AFP from the frontline district of Dahiyet al-Assad, on the southwestern outskirts of Aleppo. rebels_battle_to_break_siege_of_aleppo_as_government_counter_attacks_middle_east_eye.png 
Fighting and air strikes pounded nearly all of Aleppo's western outskirts, with the most intense clashes reported in the districts of al-Zahraa and Dahiyet al-Assad. 
Yasser al-Youssef of the Noureddin al-Zinki rebel faction said opposition fighters opened a new front in al-Zahraa on Saturday with a massive car bombing. 
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said rebels and allied militants have unleashed a barrage of rocket fire and at least 10 car bombs since their assault began. 
The Britain-based group said two days of fighting had killed at least 30 government forces and allied fighters as well as 26 Syrian rebels, but it did not give a toll for foreign militants battling alongside the opposition. 
At least 21 civilians, including two children, have been killed in rebel bombardment since Friday morning. 
Syrian state news agency SANA said rockets fired by opposition groups on Saturday wounded six people including a child in two government-held districts. 
The offensive has seen more than 1,500 rebels from the provinces of Aleppo and nearby Idlib amass along a front stretching for 15km down the city's western edges. 
Their aim is to work their way east through a sprawling military complex, then to the district of al-Hamdaniyeh to break through government lines. rebels_battle_to_break_siege_of_aleppo_as_government_counter_attacks_middle_east_eye.png 
Fighting on Saturday was so fierce around al-Zahraa and Dahiyet al-Assad that the explosions and gunfire could be heard across Aleppo's eastern half, AFP's correspondent there said. 
"There have not been clashes this intense in al-Zahraa since 2012," when opposition fighters seized Aleppo's east, said Observatory head Rami Abdel Rahman. 
He said the pro-government forces' counterattack on Saturday had managed to recapture several positions in Dahiyet al-Assad, where rebels had scored a major advance. 
An AFP correspondent who visited the district saw deserted streets and extensive damage to buildings battered by air strikes and artillery fire. 
Syria's second city Aleppo has been devastated by some of the heaviest fighting of the country's five-year civil war that began with anti-government protests and has since killed more than 300,000 people. 
Much of the once-bustling economic hub has been reduced to rubble by air and artillery bombardment, including barrel bombs - crude unguided explosive devices that cause indiscriminate damage. 
Last week, Russia implemented a three-day "humanitarian truce" intended to allow civilians and surrendering rebels to leave the east, but few did so. 
Russia, whose intervention in September 2015 with air strikes in support of President Bashar al-Assad's forces was seen as a game-changer, says it has not bombed Aleppo since 18 October. 
The Observatory said on Saturday that Russian raids have been battering Aleppo's western battlefronts, but it confirmed that the halt to Moscow's aerial bombing of the city itself was holding. 
The Russian military said on Friday it had asked President Vladimir Putin for authorisation to resume the raids. 
But Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Putin "considers it inappropriate at the current moment," adding that the president thought it necessary to "continue the humanitarian pause" in Aleppo. 
The United States on Friday accused the government of using starvation as a weapon of war - a war crime under the Geneva Conventions. 
Rejecting Kremlin claims that attacks on Aleppo have stopped, a US official told AFP that "the regime has rejected UN requests to deliver aid to eastern Aleppo - using starvation as a weapon of war". 
Aleppo's front line runs through the heart of the city, dividing rebels in the east from government troops in the west. 
It lies at the crossroads of key transport routes, making it a strategic prize for both sides and a potential bargaining chip for both opposition and government forces if UN-brokered peace talks are resumed.

ARTICLE

Taming the corporate media beast Whatever the Outcome on November 8th the US Will Be on a Collision Course With China 
Regardless of who is elected next president, the attention of the US will shift to Asia Originally appeared at Strategic Culture Foundation 
When it comes to the authenticity of the American electoral process, one must start with the media. Eighty percent of it openly sides against Trump and favors Hillary Clinton, predetermining the outco me of the elections with omitted or, worse, distorted and ignored news, deliberately avoiding any irreparable damage to Clinton. 
The endless Wikileaks revelations about the collusion between the Democrats and the media establishment clearly show that there is a very specific plan to prevent a Trump victory. The lack of impartiality gives citizens little information to make a final choice in terms of voting, openly favoring the Democratic candidate. Therefore, it is more than fair to say that with this media situation and the number of polls in favor of the Democratic candidate that it is difficult to imagine a different outcome other than the most obvious one. 
It is also true that there are some factors in favor of Trump; often his voters like to stay silent instead of exposing themselves in spurious surveys used to manipulate the electoral vote. 
However, this election will see the triumph of a candidate that will be able to attract new voters to the polls. In this sense, the many who say they are pro-Clinton may stay home on November 8, completely disheartened by the numerous scandals of the Democratic candidate, in spite of the media censorship. 
A striking difference between the two presidential campaigns regards the energy of the supporters. Trump's base is alive and breathes an air of revolution, while that of the Clinton is trying hard to stay alive. This is a factor that could be decisive if the margins are reduced (or proven false). 
On these bases it would already be enough to fully describe the US electoral system as being corrupt to the core. The media bias, covert funding of the Clinton Foundation , WikiLeaks and hacking against the Democratic National Committee (DNC), are all causes that certify how the so-called "Deep State" is clearly supportive of Clinton. 
That said Hillary Clinton remains the favorite candidate to win this election, with enormous percentages around 92 % if one listens to the New York Times. Also, forgetting for a moment the outcome, whatever it is, this election will deliver the most unpopular president in recent American history, with all the attendant consequences. 
Has there been anyone more unpopular than either candidate over the 18 months or so of the election campaign? But perhaps more interesting to ask is, once elected, what kind of president would Hillary Clinton be? 
The most obvious answer is that she will be a belligerent president, ready to impose her vision of the world with its accompanying sound of wars and bombs. And yet the more we delve into the issue, the more we realize that perhaps such a description is too generic and imprecise. 
Clinton, first of all, is above all a president in the hands of her donors, and rarely can a US president independently fashion foreign policy strategies. Obama's famous interview with Goldberg in The Atlantic provides a striking example, where he described how he would have liked his foreign policy doctrine to be less involved around the world, instead seeing increased use of soft power to obtain geopolitical advances. 
Obama during his presidency was much more in favor of attempts to expand US influence with proxies like in Ukraine with the use of neo-Nazi battalions, or with the use of terrorists in Syria as opposed to using American ground troops, a scenario that is impractical for many reasons. 
Also for these decisions he is considered to be a weak president with little knowledge or interest in foreign policy. Obama is not a pacifist, God forbid. But it is true that he has often been softly opposed to a direct confrontation with Russia and Iran in different situations in the course of his presidency. 
Returning to Clinton, Who are her masters? First of all are the regional allies of the United States in the Middle East, Saudi Arabia and Qatar, thanks to millions of dollars of generous donations that will grant them the ability to demand concessions in specific situations regarding the Middle East. Secondly, and most importantly, there is the American elite , who have a strong interest in maintaining the US role in the world and prolonging its unipolar moment. 
It is principally for this reason that Clinton probably will be nothing more than a copy of Obama in terms of foreign policy, but with many more concessions to regional allies in the Middle East and a generic more aggressive policy towards Russia, China and Iran. 
It is a vision certainly closer to that of the neoconservatives, but in terms of specifics, her foreign policy decisions will be operated mostly by her masters that just want to get richer. A Clinton presidency will likely continue with a fairly similar foreign policy doctrine to that of Obama in Europe and the Middle East but with some important differences in Asia. 
It is likely that her donors, especially Riyadh and Doha, will try to influence her decisions allowing them to have a freehand in Syria. In Ukraine it is even more improbable that Clinton would try to reverse the negative trend for Kiev in their ATO, since this would require an intervention of NATO directly, unleashing a direct confrontation between the Atlantic Alliance and the Russian Federation, something that would escalate into a situation that would favor no one. 
The most obvious reason why the Clinton presidency is unlikely to deviate much from the course of the Obama presidency is the nature of the two major conflicts. In Syria, Damascus has now begun the victory phase, and there is no room for armed intervention by regional countries thanks to the Russian and Iranian veto. As usual, in the Middle East it is just hysteria from Washington, regardless of who will be the next president. In Ukraine, the situation is frozen in terms of territorial advances. 
It is unlikely that would change without a massive boost of Ukrainian troops to the east, but the effectiveness of such was seen in the 2014 war. Moreover, Moscow has suggested that they clearly possess all the ability to withstand such attacks, helping the Donbass and worsening the condition for the Ukrainian nation. The war is played in the courtyard of Moscow, thousands of kilometers away from the United States, a clear strategic disadvantage unbridgeable by Washington. Even in the case of Ukraine, it comes down to anti-Russian hysteria at little cost thanks to media propaganda. 
Even European countries are starting to complain about the sanctions against Moscow, not to mention the prospect of escalation by NATO in Ukraine. In addition to not being able to win the war, a new war in the east of Ukraine would become the perfect cause for existential crisis for Atlantic Alliance. This is a risk that Washington is well aware of, and weighing the strategic value of Ukraine, which is zero when compared to that of Europe, the Middle East and Southeast Asia , it is easy to see why the next US president would still not be willing to have a conventional, let alone nuclear , confrontation with Moscow over Ukraine. 
Unfortunately, the question changes dramatically when we take into account an area of ​​greatest strategic interest to the US elite such as Southeast Asia. Clinton always promoted the pivot to Asia, arguing that the only way to counter the rise of China is by in every way seeking to contain the Asian power. In this sense, we can also notice her efforts as Secretary of State in the Clinton reset, a policy that sought to bring Moscow and Washington closer together, and a strategy that could have helped the United States in containing, with Moscow's help, the Chinese giant. 
Fast-forward seven years later and the results are a disaster. The US and Russia have never been so divided. American pressure and aggression toward Moscow in Georgia and Ukraine have ended up pushing the former Soviet country into the arms of the Asian giant power, effectively creating a counterweight to the US, a failure that has worsened with Iran joining the Eurasian club thanks to continued destabilization from Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Israel, Turkey and the United States in areas ranging from North Africa to the Persian Gulf and passing through the Middle East. With the consolidation of this anti-hegemonic bloc, the US has lost most of its options to take action in an area of ​​keen interest, such as the Middle East. 
The Russian presence in Europe, especially in the context of Ukraine, is an insurmountable obstacle. In the Middle East, Russo-Iranian cooperation has averted a possible use of foreign troops in Syria. The final decision of the United States not to intervene in such scenarios is also based on a vague hope that Iran will eventually gravitate toward the Western sphere of influence and away from this anti-hegemonic bloc. To that effect, the nuclear deal makes more sense, especially considering the openness of western politicians to the Rouhani administration when compared to the preceding Ahmadinejad one. 
Even towards Russia there is the continuing hope that US power centers will be able to stretch the tentacles of colored democracy by 2018 (Russian presidential elections), imposing a candidate with a markedly more Western view. Good luck with that one, as Putin has about an 80% approval rating. 
Dashing Uncle Sam's dreams, Russia and Iran continue to dominate their regions of influence, expanding contacts and alliances, without giving any sign of bending to the opposing policies of Washington. The foreign policy of Washington in Europe and in the Middle East, especially in the last eight years, has been schizophrenic, ineffective and against American interests in region in the first place. 
In Southeast Asia, the situation is quite different. With the rise of China in terms of GDP, military investment that is higher than the allocated budget, and the number of military personnel available, and if the growth of the last 15 years continues on its trajectory for a further 10 years, then China will certainly become the number one world super power. It is a situation that directly threatens American hegemony, something that has not happened in decades. 
For these reasons, Clinton came up with what is now known as the pivot away from Europe and towards Asia, as well as a reset with Russia, in the hope of lengthening the list of countries hostile to Beijing with the aim of containing China. Fast-forward again to several years later and as already stressed, the effect has been quite the opposite. Economically, China is continuing to grow and is consolidating its economical power, with new institutions like the AIIB and the BRICS bank creating an alternative pole to the American globalist system of IMF-World Bank-FED. 
Militarily there are less and less nations willing to patrol the South and East China Seas with the United States, Japan and Australia. Rather, countries like the Philippines and Vietnam are seeking a dialogue with the Chinese giant, hoping to improve their economic partnership. For its part, the US will not miss a chance to provoke Beijing with reckless military maneuvers. It is easy to see that with a Clinton presidency the US, when compared to Europe or the Middle East, will be more likely to pursue aggressive strategies in Southeast Asia with much greater determination as to risk conflict. 
The major US national donors, composed entirely by the globalist elite , control the press, banks, insurance, the military-industrial complex, Big Pharma, the rating agencies and central banks, and, in addition to increasing their earnings, have every intention to extending the unipolar moment of the United States and ensuring that no superpower can emerge to be a peer competitor. The rise of China is a no go, seen in perspective. 
At present, and in the past, it has certainly been the perfect client to allow the turbo-capitalist US system to outsource cheap labor, accelerating globalization, to enrich the pockets of these privileged super wealthy. The problem for the US elites is the rise, as time goes by, of the Chinese elite that has every intention of not being subject to the will of Washington. At a state level we can perceive this struggle with the emergence of institutions like the AIIB and organization of the BRICS. 
Clinton, obeying her master-donors, will obviously try to accentuate the influence of the US on regional allies in Asia to inflame anti-Chinese sentiment. The strategy is clear: to prevent Beijing from dominating the region. The risk of a conflict, even while being the highest of any other area of ​​the world, is unlikely to happen in the immediate future, especially due to China's restrained approach. More likely I expect an asymmetric response by Beijing, aided by its finances. 
The most likely hypothesis regards an involvement of the Chinese Military in the Middle East to fight terrorism, perhaps with an Iranian and Russian partnership thanks to organizations such as SCO. The alliances, interests, organizations and international frameworks are all ready, the only thing missing being a direct order from Beijing. This posture and threat also serves as a deterrent to Washington's meddling in Asia, acting as a kind of counter asymmetrical balance. 
It is not far fetched to see in a future presidency of Clinton Chinese troops alongside those of Russia, Iran, Syria, Iraq and maybe even Egypt in the Middle East fighting against state-sponsored terrorism. In a scenario of this kind, with all the behind-the-scenes negotiations between Ankara, Tehran, Tel Aviv and Moscow, it is difficult to imagine a regional war but rather the increasing isolation of Saudi Arabia and Qatar thanks to the policies of the anti-hegemonic bloc in the Middle East. 
Beijing, which always plays on different tables and well in advance, has already approached Riyadh in the recent past (its largest world supplier) with proposals and attractive agreements, just as it did with Britain immediately before the Brexit vote, trying to bring the City of London (and its influential financial market) into the orbit of China. For now, the Saudi family remains loyal US allies (and Wall Street finance), but with a new supranational circuit as AIIB, let us say supported by a financial market like London, it is not unthinkable that as the final asymmetric move, Beijing could aspire to deal a deadly blow to US hegemony by shifting oil trading from the dollar system to the new petro-yuan. This scenario is something that has been talked about and that frightens the US elites more than anything else. 
Regardless of who is elected the next president, the full attention of the US will shift mainly to the Asian area, prompting Beijing to think about its future and how to deal with American containment. So far, rather than a military deterrent, it looks like the economical factor will play a huge role against an aggressive US military posture in the Asian region.

ARTICLE

Your daily reality snack Georgia Abandons Ukraine's Anti-Russian Obsession 
After a brief period in which both Ukraine and Georgia appeared to be united against Russia, it now appears that the two nations are moving along very different paths Originally appeared at Russia Direct 
In October, Georgia didn't support any of Ukraine's resolutions denouncing the Kremlin's foreign policy within the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE). That is surprising, given how many analysts had by now assumed that Georgia and Ukraine were on the same page when it came to Russia. 
The two resolutions deal with 'the political implications of Russia's aggression in Ukraine' and human rights abuses 'on the occupied Ukrainian territories.' By supporting them, PACE recognized the military conflict in Ukraine as 'Russian aggression' for the first time and called on the Kremlin to withdraw its forces from the eastern part of Ukraine. Moreover, it denounced the parliamentary elections , recently conducted by Russia in Crimea . 
When the Georgian delegation in PACE didn't support these resolutions, the nation's pro-Western parties reacted strongly. For example, the United National Movement lambasted the Georgian government and accused the country's former Prime Minister, Bidzina Ivanishvili, of supporting Russia. Moreover, Mikheil Saakashvili, the former Georgian president and now the governor of the Odessa region in Ukraine, described such a stance as a 'disgraceful' move. 
However, an immediate response came from one of the members of the Georgian delegation in PACE, Eka Beselia. She retorted that Tbilisi needed to defend its own national interests. Even though this statement seems to have alleviated the increasing conflict, the video of Russian-Ukrainian journalist Matwey Ganapolsky, who accuses Georgia of betraying Ukraine in favor of Russia, fuelled the tensions. In contrast, Russian pundits see the unwillingness of Georgia to vote for the PACE resolution as a sign of improvement in Tbilisi-Moscow relations. 
In reality, the reluctance of the Georgian Dream, the ruling party in Georgia, to approve these resolutions is just the logical conclusion of complicated relations with Kiev. Since the start of the color revolutions in the post-Soviet space , Georgia and Ukraine were largely in the same boat. 
After the success of the Rose Revolution in Tbilisi and the Orange Revolution in Kiev, the newly elected governments were closely connected with each other and teamed up against Russia. This resulted from friendly relations between Ukraine's former prime minister Yulia Timoshenko and former president Viktor Yushchenko on the one hand, and Georgia's Saakashvili on the other hand. 
However, their relationship was rather pragmatic in its nature, although officially Tbilisi recognized Ukraine as one of its closest allies. Since 2007 the democratic processes in the two countries have started moving in a reverse direction. Saakashvili's penchant for conducting an aggressive policy as well as his authoritarian inclinations was increasing, while Ukraine faced the corruption and the political rivalry between Timoshenko and Yushchenko. 
The more impact this had on the countries' stability and development, the more obvious became the fact that the ruling elites from both sides did not support democratic reforms, but only the regimes that were friendly to them. Thus, Georgian-Ukrainian relations could be seen as a form of cooperation between governments, not between the people. 
And this trend became relevant until the 2010 presidential elections, when Georgia's civil society and population called on the government to support democratic processes and regime change in its 'brother' country. From then on, Georgia has been shying away from supporting the political regime in Ukraine and focusing more on the support of the country's own population. 
However, Ukraine refused to consider such tactics, with its official representatives criticizing the Georgian Dream coalition for supporting Russia during the 2012 parliamentary elections. Moreover, Kiev cooperated with Georgia's United National Movement, which was openly accused of building an authoritarian regime and egregious human rights abuses. 
Logically, the new Georgian government under Ivanishvili cannot help paying attention to this fact. But it was relatively reticent and didn't respond, even when Georgian volunteers came to fight in Eastern Ukraine to support Kiev and accused Tbilisi of supporting Russia. That had some implications for the Georgian Dream: It was seen as a political force that is capable of defending the country's national interests. 
Moreover, Georgian voters also saw the fact that Saakashvili was appointed as the governor of the Odessa region as an unfriendly move from Ukraine, as a slap in the face, because the former Georgian president was legally prosecuted in his home country, which meant that Ivanishvili couldn't fulfill his pledges and restore justice [During the election campaign he promised to put Saakashvili in jail for corruption and the abuse of power — Editor's note]. The problem was exacerbated when Kiev granted Saakashvili Ukrainian citizenship, which made it impossible to imprison the former Georgian president. 
Saakashvili crossed the red line during the latest parliamentary elections in Georgia during the campaign. First, his colleagues from the United National Movement visited Ukraine. Second, he openly called for a coup d'état against the Georgian government, which he sees as pro-Russian. In fact, he threatened to conduct a new revolution in Georgia. This was the last straw for the Georgian Dream. 
It is safe to say that the current Georgian political elites started seeing Ukraine as a real headache and the shelter for dubious and controversial Georgian politicians from the United National Movement accused of different wrongdoings and legal violations. 
However, with the victory of the Georgian Dream in the 2016 parliamentary elections, a lot has changed. Moreover, the odds of the party of winning the constitutional majority are really high. It means that the influence of the party is growing in the Georgian parliament and even more could change. 
As a result, the government won't necessarily have to take into account the views of other political forces to take decisions. It can be pretty outspoken now that it won't put up with anti-government moves and initiatives like the ones promoted by Saakashvili. Moreover, the Georgian voters, who are seeking to have those involved in the violations during Saakashvili's tenure prosecuted. So, in this regard, the electorate supports the Georgian Dream. 
Thus, all this indicates that Georgian-Ukrainian relations have always been more complex and nuanced than they seemed to be at first glance. During Saakashvili's tenure, there was cooperation between his government and the ones of Timoshenko and Yushchenko. However, eventually, Tbilisi shifted its priority from supporting top political officials to supporting society and people. 
Ukrainian politicians should keep in mind that the Russian factor is not the only one that determines the Ukrainian-Georgian agenda. Providing shelter to Saakashvili also does matter. So, to improve the relations with Tbilisi, Kiev should take into account its national interest and support the Georgian people instead of the country's politicians.

ARTICLE

Putin Foes Caught in Malicious Fabrications about Kremlin Insider Lesin's Death 
Coroner's final decision reveals all. Print 
A US Senator and a Russian opposition figure are among those who have tripped themselves up with their fabrications about Mikhail Lesin's 2015 death. Lesin was a former Russian media advertising tycoon, state media minister, and later head of the Gazprom-Media holding company. He died in Washington DC amid circumstances that went unexplained fully until October 28 of this year.What did Putin's foes first have to say about Lesin's death?Russian opposition figure and Putin foe Alexei Nevalny had a lot to say. On March 13, 2016 the Independent ran the headline: "Mikhail Lesin death: Vladimir Putin's propaganda chief reportedly flew out of LA 40 days after his death. The story claims Alexei Navalny, a Putin opposition leader, said the incident 'smells of a witness protection programme.'" The Daily Mail reported that that Navalny claimed to have proof.Was Lesin's reported demise just a coverup?But a month later, Navalny seemed to have backed away from that allegation. According to the Voice of America "Navalny said he had no 'proof' or definitive evidence, but indicated that Lesin may have died because, 'as they say in detective stories, he knew too much.'"So Navalny had come to believe that Lesin was indeed dead after all. But now Navalny intimated that perhaps Putin was to blame.While making a case to VOA that Putin is corrupt, Navalny said he was convinced "that Lesin knew a lot. Not just about corruption in the highest echelons of power, but [he] was one of the organizers of a corruption scheme in which Putin himself was personally complicit. And against the backdrop of his death, against the backdrop of the strange things that were happening around him, it's a more than reasonable assumption that, in any contacts he may have had with the federal authorities in the United States, Lesin may have been asked about it."Other theories in the news claimed:--Lesin's death was connected with his alleged role as a CIA informer.--His demise was related to a secret romantic tryst gone wrong.--Lesin's body was cremated to destroy evidence of what really happened.Many of the news reports mentioned Mississippi Senator Roger Wicker who considered Lesin to be a very suspicious character. He very well may have been. Once while having lunch with Ivan Laptev, Lesin's ministerial predecessor, I joked about when I saw Lesin at a New York meeting in the early 2000s. I first mistook him for some kind of Russian mafia guy, just based on how he was dressed and the gorgeous gun-moll looking young lady that accompanied him.In July 2014 Wicker seemed to have more serious concerns. He was moved to tip off the US Attorney General. It wasn't based on Lesin's appearance. Wicker had become aware that Lesin owned expensive residential property in California. He believed that meant something sinister was afoot. Wicker said about Lesin, "He acquired multiple residences at a cost of over $28 million.""That a Russian public servant could have amassed the considerable funds required to acquire and maintain these assets in ... the United States raises serious questions," Wicker told ABC News.Wicker wasn't fond of Putin either. In March 2014 he had written an article for the Washington Examiner titled, "Hillary Clinton was right about Vladimir Putin and Adolf Hitler the first time." Clinton has been quoted many times likening Putin to Hitler.Wicker was and is a member of the Senate Armed Forces Committee. I find it very disturbing that a member of that influential committee could be espousing ideas so distant from reality as these. A simple google search could have told him that Lesin was no simple government service worker pulling down a measly salary. Lesin's Video International business had a near-monopoly grip on the media advertising business in Russia years ago. In fact when he was Putin's media minister, many critics mused that he was the "minister" of his own business sector.Was Wicker's research so lame that he knew nothing of Lesin other than his role in the Russian bureaucracy? Was he that stupid? Or is there something sinister about Wicker's interest in Lesin? I don't know whether there is or isn't. But the incongruity of his factless demonization of Putin, and his seemingly malicious letter to the Attorney General about Lesin, throw up a red flag. Maybe the Attorney General should look into Wicker's business dealings to see if something fishy is going on there.So what's the truth about Lesin's death?The final coroner's verdict is that he was dead drunk in his hotel room, fell multiple times, injuring his lower and upper torso, and inflicted a fatal blow to his head.I don't know whether that is the honest truth or not. But if we are to believe people like Navalny and Wicker it would seem that the Washington coroner is in the bag for Putin. Wow, what an accusation.

ARTICLE

Citizen journalism with a punch Syrian Girl Mysteriously 'Saved' Again and Again (PHOTO, VIDEO) 
This girl sure gets herself into a lot of Russian airstrikes. Luckily there are always anti-Assad activists near by to pull her from the rubble   Russkaya Vesna 
This time we offer our readers an opportunity to be film critics and to assess acting talents and make-up artist's work. Because that's how one should examine a footage with a girl who presumably suffered from Bashar al-Assad's army attacks. 
At first sight the photos which went viral in the Arab and Western media on August 28 2016 excite pity and seemingly righteous indignation: a peaceful Lamb of God aka White Helmets' volunteer is carrying two injured children. Social media say the photos have been made after attack on Al-Nayrab(Arabic: النيرب ) district of Aleppo. 
We remind that disputable activity of that «volunteer organization» has been picked to pieces inRussian Spring's review: Armed "saviours" under "an-Nusra" flags — Russian Spring investigation of White Helmets' strange "peacemaking" in Syria (PHOTOS, VIDEO 18+) , that is why today we are going to focus on the footage only. 
Pay attention to the injured girl: scared, dishevelled, with blood on her face. devochka_obstrely_informvoyna_1.jpg 
But she was «saved» more than once: the same girl is carried by the three (!) different «volunteers» each after each. 
Here is the girl in another man's hands: still White Helmets' emblem and car got into the shot:

ARTICLE

About Reality check media Recall the 'Kremlin Opponent' Putin Whacked in a Washington Hotel? American Investigators Find He Actually Drank Himself to Death 
Clear evidence that Washington Metropolitan Police Department, the FBI and the US Attorney for the District of Columbia are working for the Russians   Irrussianality 
In November last year, Mikhail Lesin was found dead in a hotel in Washington, DC. From 1999 to 2004, Lesin was Minister of Press, Broadcasting and Mass Communication of the Russian Federation, and from 2004 to 2009 he was adviser to the President of the Russian Federation for mass media relations. Thereafter, he occupied a number of other senior positions, including head of Gazprom Media from 2013 to 2015. 
Reports that Lesin had died of 'blunt force trauma' led many commentators to surmise that he had been murdered on the orders of Russian president Vladimir Putin. The Daily Beast, for instance, reported that the American authorities had been investigating Lesin for 'corruption and human rights abuses in Russia', and that : 
The mystery surrounding Lesin's death had fueled speculation that Lesin was murdered after coming to Washington to cut a deal with the FBI. The conspiracy theories are arguably well-founded, because it wouldn't be the first time someone who posed a political threat to Putin wound up dead under unusual circumstances. 
Similarly, in an article entitled 'Another Defector Dead in Washington', former NSA analyst John Schindler claimed that Lesin and the Kremlin had had a 'major falling out', and that Lesin was 'believed to have been cooperating with the FBI'. Schindler compared Lesin's death to those of Alexander Litvinenko, who was murdered in London in 2006, and Soviet defector Walter Krivitsky, who died in mysterious circumstances in Washington in 1941. Schinder concluded : 
While he certainly may have taken his own life in despair, Mr. Krivitsky's murder by Soviet agents appears at least equally plausible. It would be a terrible fate if the eerily similar death of Mikhail Lesin goes unsolved too. If Kremlin agents are conducting assassinations on American soil, brazenly in our capital, the public has a right to know. 
Robert van Voren, Professor of Soviet and Post-Soviet Studies at Vytautas Magnus University in Kaunas (Lithuania) and Ilia State University in Tbilisi (Georgia), likewise remarked that, 'an increasing number of people from Russia' were 'dying under rather suspicious circumstances', and that the Lesin case was 'rather suspicious, and one has increasingly the feeling that Putin is getting rid of people who know too much.' Van Voren said, 'It is not unusual behaviour: being the Al Capone of a gangster state, he [Putin] must be constantly worried about everything people know about him, his past and his corrupt businesses.' 
Without directly accusing Putin of murder, various mainstream media outlets have implied it by including Lesin in lists of 'opponents' of the Russian 'regime' whom the Kremlin has allegedly ordered killed. In August of this year, for instance, the New York Times mentioned Lesin in an article entitled 'More of Kremlin's Opponents Are Ending Up Dead'. And National Public Radio (NPR) included Lesin in a broadcast called 'The Curious Deaths of Kremlin Critics'. According to NPR: 
Evelyn Farkas, who served until recently as the top Russia official at the Pentagon, says she's never seen proof that the Kremlin is ordering hits on people. Still, she says, 'The fact that someone like Mikhail Lesin all of a sudden shows up dead in a Dupont Circle hotel, to me, is fishy. The message is to all the other people who are Putin cronies, who are oligarchs, that these kinds of things could happen to you.' 
It turns out, however, that Putin did not kill Lesin. On Friday, the US Attorney for the District of Columbia issued the results of a joint investigation with the FBI and Washington's Metropolitan Police Department. Lesin died of a combination of 'acute ethanol intoxication' and falls caused by 'days of excessive consumption of alcohol.' The case is now considered closed.

ARTICLE

MI5 Chief Gives First Ever Interview to Press, Hypes 'Aggressive Russia' 
The first time an active MI5 chief has spoken to the press   Antiwar.com 
The first time a top British spy has ever given a newspaper interview, MI5 chief Andrew Parker has spoken with the Guardian , playing up the 'growing threat' posed by Russia against British interests around the world. 
Parker claimed a 'whole range of state organs and powers' in Russia are being brought to bear against Britain and the US, claiming that the advent of cyberwarfare has increased the number of ways in which Russia can move against them. 
Parker went on to claim that Russia defines itself by opposition to the West and, despite being a 'covert threat for decades' has been increasingly hostile, citing their operations in Ukraine and Syria as proof that they are acting to just spite the West. 
This has been a common western talking point, but in practice Western (read: US) policy in both Ukraine and Syria appears to have itself been built with an eye toward being on the opposite side from Russia in the first place, and Russia is then condemned for acting in their own interests. 
This was particularly glaring in Syria, where Russia's interest was obviously in the survival of a friendly Syrian government to host their naval base, and where 'countering' Russia has brought the US 'anti-ISIS coalition' into increasingly overt support for al-Qaeda's Nusra Front, simply because they're the ones most directly fighting against Russia.

ARTICLE

Bias bashers Vladimir Putin Condemns Europe for Upholding Child Rape (Video) 
The Russian president voiced his disgust at a decayed and immoral culture which has overtaken the West Print "A society that cannot defend its children today, has no tomorrow" 
Ah, Vienna. A city that conjures up many delightful images. The world's finest coffee and strudel. Cafes where the waiters still address you as "Mein Herr" and they haven't changed the decor since the 19th century. The world's greatest music: Mozart, Beethoven, Brahms. A city of beauty and grandeur, echoes of an empire of a former age. 
And today, a city where Muslim "refugees" are allowed to rape 10 year old boys in public toilets. 
The Independent reports : 
A man who raped a 10-year-old boy at a swimming pool in Austria has had his conviction overturned after judges found he may have believed the child consented. 
Police said the 20-year-old Iraqi refugee, who has not been named, assaulted his victim in a toilet cubicle at the Theresienbad swimming pool in Vienna on 2 December last year. 
The child reported the rape to a lifeguard and his attacker was arrested at the scene, reportedly telling officers in initial interviews that he was experiencing a 'sexual emergency' after not having sex in four months. Theresienbad.jpg Vienna's historic pools are not safe anymore 
The "sexual emergency" experienced by the rapefugee was apparently similar to the one experienced by 2,000 rapefugees in the German city of Cologne on New Year's Eve 2016, when they publicly raped 1,200 German women as emasculated German men and police stood by and watched. 
Apparently some of the women were merely groped. The German government was appalled. That's why it decided to produce an illustrated manual teaching the refugees how to rape German women properly next time around. 
Not to be outdone, Austria has now decided to join its German brethren in refusing to defend even children from homosexual rape - as long as the children "consent": 
[O]n Thursday, Austria's Supreme Court overturned the rape conviction and ordered a re-trial on the charge. 
[...] Supreme Court judges ruled that the first court should have established whether the attacker thought his victim agreed to a sexual act and intended to act against the boy's will. 
We are in fact now witnessing the violent death of western civilization. It is bad enough that Europe is being inundated by hordes of invaders of a culture, religion, and ethnicity totally incompatible with the West, but most reprehensible of all is the total lack of any will to resist on the part of Europeans themselves, and especially their governments (with notable exceptions, such as the Hungarians). Far from it - they even take active steps to encourage and accommodate the invaders. 
But we all know the real threat to Europe is not from millions of barbaric non-European rapefugees, it's from Russia and Vladimir Putin. Ask Poland. Or Lithuania. Russia is hell, and Putin is the devil. Here's what the devil himself had to say about this incident: 
The Russian president said: 
[...] I can't get through my head what they are thinking over there [in Europe]. This is a result of the dilution of national traditions and values. I can't even explain the rationale. Is it a sense of guilt towards the migrants?...A society that cannot defend its children today, has no tomorrow. It has no future. 
Putin also noted that Russia as a state, has encompassed multiple ethnicities and cultures for over 1000 years, and that unlike Europe, it has a proven track record of managing inter-ethnic relations. 
Despite the presence of a vocal liberal minority, the great majority of Russians agree with their leader that if these are the kind of "European values" the West has on offer, it is better to remain the "backward" conservative society that continually draws the unfettered ire of liberal paragons in Europe and America. 
The only question is whether eastern European nations such as Ukraine, Georgia, and Poland - which are in their inherent culture and moral outlook far more similar to Russia than to the modern Germans, Americans, and French - will come to their senses in time to save themselves from the cultural rot devouring the core of the societies with which they are presently so enamored.

ARTICLE

Al-Qaeda's Assault on Aleppo Continues Despite Lack of Progress 
Rebels are doing a lot of dying but not taking much ground so far Print Originally appeared at The Moon of Alabama 
For four days now al-Qaeda in Syria (aka Jabhat al Nusra aka Fatah al-Sham) and assorted other "rebel" groups have tried to attack Aleppo from the west to break the siege on al-Qaeda associated groups in east-Aleppo. The New York Times in now openly admitting that CIA supported groups are acting under al-Qaeda's operational command. The piece though, which belonged on page one, was in the back of the paper. There is no public outcry over this disturbing fact. 
The attack on west-Aleppo had been talked about for over two weeks and the defenders are well prepared. waleppoattack.jpg 

As can be seen on the map above the areas al-Qaeda and its allies managed to capture so far are only small rural outskirts. Every attempt to attack actual city estate under roof was repelled by the defenders. Small infiltrations like shown in the map were immediately cleaned up. The marked area is back in the hands of the Syrian army. It is estimated that the several thousand attackers have so far lost more than 500 men. A 1,000 more are likely injured. Every attack has to be carried over mostly open land and is received by heavy artillery fire. Air attacks ravage their supply and preparation ares. 
The attackers launched over 20 suicide-vehicle bombs so far but only a few reached their targets and their damage was limited. Yesterday one suicide vehicle bomb, ready to be launched for a new attack, was hit by a missile from a Syrian helicopter and exploded at its preparation and launching position. Over 60 "rebels" were killed by it and their attack had to be call off. 
The good news is that the defense is holding. The bad news is that the al-Qaeda "rebels" received huge amounts of artillery missiles and launchers from their "western" and Gulf sponsors. Several hundred have been launched at the densely populated areas of west-Aleppo. More than a 100 civilians have been killed by them and several hundred civilians were wounded. Some of the missiles contained gas and people had to be taken to hospital with extreme breathing difficulties. The UN envoy condemned these attacks as "possible war crimes". 
The whole attack operation was launched under the direct supervision of al-Qaeda in Syria leader Abu Muhammad al-Golani. He was shown in pictures at the "rebel" headquarter of the attack discussing further operations. 
Despite any progress on their part the al-Qaeda forces seem far from giving up. More attacks to break the siege are expected. We can be sure that some of their surprises are still in store. But the defenders are ready and the Syrian army is said to prepare for a large counter operation which may include a serious effort to liberate east-Aleppo of the al-Qaeda occupation. 
Other fronts in Syria are relatively quiet. The Turks have been told by Russia to stop all air attacks within Syria. The message has been received. The Turkish plan to occupy Al Bab east of Aleppo is unlikely to happen as it would be out of range of the Turkey based artillery and have no air support. The U.S. would like to go to Raqqa but has no proxy ground force to do that. Some Obama officials are now arguing for more U.S. boots on the ground in Syria. Will Obama agree to that mission creep?

ARTICLE

Citizen journalism with a punch Russia Is Hoarding Gold at Breakneck Pace — The Next Global Conflict Will Be Fought With Currencies 
The fastest-growing gold reserve in the world Print Originally appeared at The Free Thought Project 
With all eyes on Russia's unveiling their latest nuclear intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which NATO has dubbed the 'SATAN' missile , as tensions with the U.S. increase, Moscow's most potent 'weapon' may be something drastically different. 
The rapidly evolving geopolitical 'weapon' brandished by Russia is an ever increasing stockpile of gold, as well as Russia's native currency, the ruble. 
Take a look at the symbol below, as it could soon come to change the entire hierarchy of the international order – potentially ushering in a complete international paradigm shift – and much sooner than you might think. bankofrussia-e1475520013798.png 
The symbol is the new designation of the Russian ruble, Russia's national currency. 
Similar to how the U.S. uses the dollar sign ($), the U.K. uses the pound sign (£), and the European Union uses the euro symbol (€), Russia is about to begin exporting its symbol internationally. 
After the failed 'reset' in U.S./Russian relations by the Obama administration, and the continued deterioration of the countries relationship, Washington began targeting entire sectors of the Russian economy, as well as specific individuals, meant to impose an economic burden so severe that it would force Moscow into compliance. 
Instead of decimating Russia, what it precipitated was a Russian response of gradually weaning themselves off of the hegemony of the U.S. petrodollar, and working with China to create an alternative to the SWIFT payment system that isn't solely controlled by Western interests (see Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank , New Development Bank). 
According to the Corbett Report : 
New reports indicate that China is ready to launch its SWIFT alternative, and for those who have their ear to the ground this is the most significant move yet in the unfolding process of de-dollarization that is seeing the BRICS-led 'resistance bloc' breaking away from the financial stranglehold of the US-led 'Washington Consensus.' 
For those who don't know, SWIFT stands for the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication and is shorthand for the SWIFTNet Network that is used by over 10,500 financial institutions in 215 countries and territories to transmit financial transaction data around the world. SWIFT does not do any of the clearing or processing for these transactions itself, but instead sends the payment orders that are then settled by correspondent banks of the member institutions. Still, given the system's near universality in the financial system, it means that virtually every international transaction between banking institutions goes through the SWIFT network. 
This is why de-listing from the SWIFT network remains one of the primary financial weapons wielded by the US and its allies in their increasingly important financial warfare campaigns. 
Recently, financial guru Jim Rickards, author of the book 'Currency Wars,' wrote that 'Russia is poised for a major comeback in its economy. Russian bonds and stocks and the Russian currency, the ruble, will all benefit.' Rickards believes a 'strong turnaround' is coming within Russia, and that this comeback will benefit the ruble. 
While still suffering from the economic warfare being waged by the U.S., Russia has realized that as long they are subservient to the petrodollar, there remains a clear and present danger of the Russian economy being devastated by the whims of Washington. 
The Bank of Russia, that nation's central bank, is extremely clear about its mission, and monetary policy declaring on its website: 
Monetary policy constitutes an integral part of the state policy and is aimed at enhancing well-being of Russian citizens. The Bank of Russia implements monetary policy in the framework of inflation-targeting regime, and sees price stability, albeit sustainably low inflation, as its priority. Given structural peculiarities of the Russian economy, the target is to reduce inflation to 4% by 2017 and maintain it within that range in the medium run. 
In layman's terms, that means that monetary policy, similar to nuclear weapons and the military, are 'an integral part of the state policy' in Russia. While many analysts have noted the increased build-up in Russia's military arsenal, seemingly few have highlighted the massive build-up of Russian gold reserves over the past decade. 
Below is a chart showing Russian gold reserves between 1994 and last year, 2015: russiangoldchart.jpg 
Since 2006, there has been a year-on-year increase that reveals a significant upward trend. The chart clearly reveals that Russia's state policy of increasing state monetary assets, in the form of gold. Additionally, the Russian government has been converting state rubles into gold assets. From 2006 to 2015, Russia's state holdings of gold tripled. 
Within just the past year Russia has substantially increased its gold holdings 
According to the Business Insider : 
In July of this year, the central bank of Russia added 200,000 ounces of gold to its reserves. The one-month uptick in Russian gold reserves — 200,000 ounces — is approximately equal to the entire annual output of Barrick Gold's Turquoise Ridge gold mine in Nevada. 
At that same rate — 200,000 ounces per month — in a mere five months, Russia would add to state gold reserves the equivalent of the entire annual output of Barrick's massive Goldstrike mine in Nevada. 
Currently, Russian gold reserves rank seventh in the world. It's clear that there is a concerted effort by Russian authorities to build up the country's gold reserves as part of a national strategy to negate the effects of economic warfare waged by the United States. Rickards, in his 2011 book 'Currency Wars,' theorized that Russia and China could combine their gold reserves to form a global gold-backed currency to compete against the U.S. dollar. Currently, Russian reserves stand at roughly 1,500 tonnes, with Chinese reserves totaling over 1,800 tonnes (according to China — it's likely more), which would amount to a combined total of roughly 3,300 tonnes of gold. 
The U.S. is about to lose overarching control of policymaking within the International Monetary Fund (IMF), thus the U.S. lockup on global gold is about to vanish, according to Business Insider. Imagine for a moment the distinctly real possibility that Russian-Chinese alliance could exercise indirect (or even direct) control over the IMF's gold reserve of over 2,800 tonnes. Russian, Chinese and IMF gold combined would equal roughly 6,100 tonnes, and would allow for direct competition with the U.S. gold reserves, estimated at 8,100 tonnes. 
Russia and China have realized that the petrodollar is wielded by Washington as it's weapon of choice when opposing a well-armed state, and clearly see the writing on the wall – thus working together to create a new global financial paradigm. 
The reality is that the United States is $20 trillion dollars in debt, and eventually the time will come when the U.S. economy begins to implode — and all the fiat currency people are stuck holding will essentially be worth nothing more than the paper it's printed on. Hard assets, such as gold and silver, should be bought and taken custody of while there is still an opportunity to do so, as a means of hedging against the potentially disastrous results of the U.S. using the petrodollar as a 'weapon.' 
Ultimately, the United States, Russia and China are all controlled by centralized power-hungry tyrants attempting to command powerful global bureaucracies like the IMF, the World Bank, SWIFT, New Development Bank and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. 
It's not Russian nuclear weapons that people should fear, as the policy of mutually assured destruction essentially voids any benefit of a state launching a first-strike nuclear attack. The true threat to America is our economic house of cards, built upon the back of a neoliberal trade policy that puts the 'rights' of corporations over that of people .

ARTICLE

Bias bashers Russia Has a Dead Nuclear Submarine (Armed With Nuclear Weapons) Sitting at the Bottom of the Ocean 
A fascinating vessel and a heroic captain both met tragic ends Originally appeared at The National Interest 
In the mid-1980s, the Soviet Union constructed a super submarine unlike any other. Fast and capable of astounding depths for a combat submersible, the submarine Komsomolets was introduced in 1984, heralded as a new direction for the Soviet Navy. 
Five years later, Komsomolets and its nuclear weapons were on the bottom of the ocean, two-thirds of its crew killed by what was considered yet another example of Soviet incompetence. 
The history of the Komsomolets goes as far back as 1966. A team at the Rubin Design Bureau under N. A. Klimov and head designer Y. N. Kormilitsin was instructed to begin research into a Project 685, a deep-diving submarine. The research effort dragged on for eight years, likely due to a lack of a suitable metal that could withstand the immense pressures of the deep. In 1974, however, the double-hulled design was completed, with a titanium alloy chosen for the inner hull. 
Project 685, also known as K-278, was to be a prototype boat to test future deep-diving Soviet submarines. The Sevmash shipyard began construction on April 22, 1978 and the ship was officially completed on May 30, 1983. The difficulty in machining titanium contributed to the unusually long construction period. 
K-278 was 360 feet long and forty feet wide, with the inner hull approximately twenty-four feet wide. It had a submerged displacement of 6,500 tons, and the use of titanium instead of steel made it notably lighter. It had a unique double hull, with the inner hull made of titanium, that gave it its deep-diving capability. The inner hull was further divided into seven compartments, two of which were reinforced to create a safe zone for the crew, and an escape capsule was built into the sail to allow the crew to abandon ship while submerged at depths of up to 1,500 meters. 
The submarine was powered by one 190-megawatt OK-650B-3 nuclear pressurized water reactor, driving two forty-five-thousand-shipboard-horsepower steam-turbine engines. This propelled it to a submerged speed of thirty knots, and a surface speed of fourteen knots. 
The sub had the MGK-500 'Skat' (NATO code name: Shark Gill) low-frequency passive/active search and attack spherical bow array sonar system, the same sonar used in today's Yasen-class attack submarines, which fed into the Omnibus-685 Combat Information Control System. Armament consisted of six 533-millimeter standard diameter torpedo tubes, including twenty-two Type 53 torpedoes and Shkval supercavitating antisubmarine torpedoes. 
The submarine joined the Red Banner Northern Fleet in January 1984 and began a series of deep diving experiments. Under Captain First Rank Yuri Zelensky the submarine set a record depth of 3,346 feet—an astounding accomplishment considering its American equivalent, the USS Los Angeles class, had an absolute maximum depth of 1,475 feet. Crush depth was estimated at approximately 4,500 feet. The submarine had a special surfacing system, 'Iridium,' which used gas generators to blow the ballast tanks. 
The Soviet Navy considered K-278 invulnerable at depths greater than one thousand meters; at such depths it was difficult to detect and enemy torpedoes, particularly the American Mark 48, which had a maximum depth of eight hundred meters. Although the submarine was originally to be a test ship, it was eventually made into a fully operational combat-ready ship in 1988. It was given the name Komsomolets, meaning 'member of the Young Communist League.' 
On April 7, 1989, while operating a depth of 1266 feet, Komsomolets ran into trouble in the middle of the Norwegian Sea. According to Norman Polmar and Kenneth Moore , it was the submarine's second crew , newly trained in operating the ship. Furthermore, its origins as a test ship meant it lacked a damage-control party. 
A fire broke out in the seventh aft chamber, and the flames burned out an air supply valve, which fed pressurized air into the fire. Fire suppression measures failed. The reactor was scrammed and the ballast tanks were blown to surface the submarine. The fire continued to spread, and the crew fought the fire for six hours before the order to abandon ship was given. According to Polmar and Moore, the fire was so intense that crewmen on deck watched as the rubber anechoic coating tiles coating the outer hull slid off due to the extreme heat. 
The ship's commanding officer, Captain First Rank Evgeny Vanin, along with four others, went back into the ship to find crewmembers who had not heard the abandon ship order. Vanin and his rescue party were unable to venture farther—the submarine was tilting eighty degrees headfirst—and entered the rescue chamber. The chamber failed to dislodge at first, but eventually broke free of the mortally wounded sub. Once on the surface, the abrupt pressure change caused the top hatch to blow off, throwing two crewmembers out of the chamber. The chamber, as well as the captain and the rest of the rescue party, sank under the waves. 
Only four men had been killed in the incident so far, but after the submarine sank many men succumbed to the thirty-six-degree (Fahrenheit) water temperatures. After an hour the fishing boats Alexi Khlobystov and Oma arrived and rescued thirty men, some of whom later succumbed to their injuries. Of the original sixty-nine men on board the submarine when disaster struck, forty-two died, including Captain First Rank Vanin. 
Komsomolets sank in 5,250 feet of water, complete with its nuclear reactor and two nuclear-armed Shkval torpedoes. Between 1989 and 1998 seven expeditions were carried out to secure the reactor against radioactive release and seal the torpedo tubes. Russian sources allege that during these visits, evidence of 'unauthorized visits to the sunken submarine by foreign agents' were discovered.

ARTICLE

People over profits The India-Russia Alliance Isn't Going Anywhere Because It's Underpinned by Values as Well as Interests 
There have been hiccups in the relationship before but ultimately the countries are united by far more than they are divided by Originally appeared at The National Interest 
With the international system in a state of flux, we are witnessing significant political changes between nations. U.S.-China relations have come under great strain, as evidenced by their adversarial stand with regard to the South China Sea. Russia is ceding space to China with regard to East Asia. There seems to be a return to Cold War–like dynamics between Russia and the United States. It is being reported that Russia has placed nuclear-capable Iskander missiles in Kaliningrad, which borders Poland and Lithuania. The missiles are capable of hitting targets as far away as Berlin. Their differing positions with regard to the crisis in Syria and ISIS underline the tension between the two. 
To the surprise of many observers, India-Russia relations, which have stood the test of time, also appear to have been affected by this trend, with Russia apparently upping its security ties with Pakistan, India's traditional rival. For many in India, Russia's decision to go ahead with its Druzhba (Friendship) 2016 military exercises with Pakistan immediately after the Uri terrorist incident, and its reticence in fully backing India on terrorism emanating from Pakistan at the recently concluded eighth BRICS Summit in Goa, are seen as worrying developments. From the perspective of a stakeholder in this bilateral relationship, the questions that come to one's mind are: How worried should one be about these developments in India-Russia relations? Also, what should be done to ensure that there is no fundamental realignment in the relations between the two nations? 
If one disregards the almost seventy-year history of relations between the two nations, it would appear that the observation of Rajan Menon , a close follower of India-Russia relations, is being proven wrong: 'The two countries have established substantial trust and understanding, a convergent worldview, and a stake in preserving a relationship that few countries can claim to have.' A perusal of the bilateral relation will show that is all not particularly well. 
On the security front, the Russians have been stepping up joint military exercises with Pakistan since 2014. The two naval exercises, Arabian Monsoon 2014 and Arabian Monsoon 2015, were followed up by Druzhba 2016, which was a two-week long military exercise conducted in Pakistan's Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province involving seventy Russian service personnel. 
While the naval exercises had combating crime groups and drug trafficking as their objective, Druzhba 2016 went a step further and had more conventional objectives, like training for combat in mountainous areas and taking on armed groups. India made its dislike of these military exercises known to Russia when India's ambassador to Russia, Pankaj Saran, pointed out that 'military cooperation with Pakistan which is a State that sponsors and practices terrorism as a matter of State policy is a wrong approach and it will only create further problems.' 
Parts of Druzhba 2016 were to be held in the Gilgit-Baltistan province of Pakistan, an area India considers to be a part of Jammu and Kashmir, illegally occupied by Pakistan. The spokesperson of India's Ministry of External Affairs, Vikas Swarup, told the press that 'India repeatedly brought up its concerns about the venue of the exercise with Russia' and that the said province was 'part of Indian territory.' This led the Russian embassy in New Delhi to issue a clarification that the military exercises would not be held in any 'sensitive or problematic areas.' The exercises were subsequently held in Pakistan's Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Province. 
Additionally, Russia has been selling military hardware to Pakistan. It is believed that the two nations are in discussions regarding the possible sale of Russian Su-35 warplanes to Pakistan. Pakistan also bought four Mi-35 helicopter gunships from Russia in 2015. The Hindustan Times reports that over the last fifteen months, the army, navy and air force chiefs of Pakistan have visited Russia to explore other such military deals. Given the fact that Pakistan is the world's seventh-largest importer of defense equipment, it could prove to be a lucrative market for Russian arms manufacturers. This could have serious consequences for India-Russia relations. 
On the economic front, Russia has agreed to lend $2 billion to Pakistan for the construction of an 1,100-kilometer pipeline to transport liquefied natural gas from Karachi to Lahore. On the diplomatic front, Russia did mention Pakistan in the wake of the Uri attack when it stated , 'We note with concern the resurgence of terrorist attacks near the Line of Control. It is alarming and according to New Delhi, the attack on military unit near the town of Uri was committed from the territory of Pakistan.' 
However, its activity on the issue of terrorism in the context of the eighth BRICS Summit, held in Goa in October 2016, was less encouraging. Many in India feel that Russia was reticent in backing India's demands and did not push for the inclusion of terms like 'nurture,''shelter' or 'sponsor' in the Summit declaration. The inclusion of these terms would have implicitly pointed fingers in Pakistan's direction. While the declaration called for action against UN-recognized terrorist groups, and named groups such as Islamic State and Jabhat al-Nusra, it did not name Lashkar-e-Taiba or Jaish-e-Muhammad. 
According to Indian strategic expert Brahma Chellaney , 'The result was that the declaration failed to mention the most potent form of terrorism in the world, which is state-sponsored.' In the face of opposition from China and its strategy of sheltering Pakistan from India's diplomatic offensive, Russia simply didn't stand up for India. This sentiment is illustrated by a headline printed in the Times of India on October 17: 'BRICS Summit: China bulldozed India's security concerns as Russia looked the other way.' 
These developments are certainly worrying to those who support positive India-Russia relations. However, once one situates these developments in the context of almost seventy years of bilateral relations, one will realize that downturns and heartburn have occurred in the past as well, with relations stabilizing and returning to normal afterwards. The 1960s were testing times on this front, when Russia started inching closer to Pakistan. Menon points out that in the aftermath of the 1965 India-Pakistan war, Russia diluted its support to India on the Kashmir issue, and 'even published material inconsistent with Indian territorial claims against Pakistan.' 
Pakistani president Ayub Khan's 1965 visit to Russia raised many an eyebrow in India. A Pakistani military delegation visited Moscow in 1966, to discuss the purchase of weapons from Russia. This discussion was furthered the following year when Pakistan's foreign minister visited Moscow. An arms deal was finally clinched when Gen. Yahya Khan visited Moscow some time later. High-ranking Soviet officials also visited Pakistan around the same time period included a naval delegation and Alexei Kosygin, head of the Council of Ministers of the USSR. 
It was not uncommon to hear voices of disgruntlement from Indians, including Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and President Zakir Hussain. Notwithstanding such tensions, the bilateral relation was put back on the rails. Hence, history suggests that the recent developments may just be a hiccup and that talk of bilateral relations fraying is nothing more than scaremongering and, possibly, hyperbole. 
This optimistic interpretation is bolstered when one notes that India and Russia struck important defense deals on the sidelines of the BRICS Summit in Goa—such as a $5 billion deal for India's purchase of the S-400 Triumf surface-to-air missile system. Considered to be one of the most advanced antimissile systems in the world, it will be used to protect to high-value installations. The two countries also signed deals pertaining to India's import and manufacture of Kamov Ka 226T light utility helicopters. The two countries will also be collaborating in the manufacture of four Admiral Grigorovich–class guided-missile stealth frigates. 
Significantly, it was announced that India would also be leasing an Akula II–class nuclear-powered attack submarine from Russia for a sum of $2 billion. Writing in Business Standard, Ajai Shukla suggests that this would not be in addition to the existing nuclear submarine that was leased from Russia (and christened INS Chakra) in 2012. Instead, it will replace the INS Chakra and is expected to join the Indian Navy in 2020–21. Hence, for about two years, India will be in the possession of two such submarines, after which INSChakra will be sent back to Russia. In order to counter misgivings in India, and to underscore that the bilateral relations were built on trust and time-tested imperatives, a 'top ranked Russian defense official' is reported to have remarked that 'Russia is a friend, an ally and not a business partner. Russia stood by India during its darkest hours. Next year will mark 70 years of our relationship. It is a long time.' 
A balanced, historically informed reading of the bilateral relation between India and Russia suggests that naysayers in India may be jumping the gun in harboring misgivings about threats to a time-tested relationship. However, one factor seems missing in the current bilateral relation that was present earlier, at least on the Indian side: admiration for the erstwhile USSR and some of the values it espoused. Indian-Soviet relations during the Cold War years were based on expediency and also on values. Some of the letters that Jawaharlal Nehru wrote to the chief ministers of the Indian states in 1955 (to be found in his Letters to Chief Ministers, Vol. 4) following his visit to the USSR make it clear that India's engagement during the Cold War was based on his admiration of the USSR, even though he was aware of its failings. The fact that the 'pull' worked both ways is made evident by Nehru, who writes, 'I was astonished to find how popular some Indian films were. The names of several films were mentioned to me. The only two I remember now are Awara and Do Bigha Zamin.' 
Given how central Nehru was to Indian politics, and his ability to shape the political discourse in the country, this sense of admiration for the USSR struck root in the Indian body politic. Bilateral relations based on expediency as well as values lived on, even after his death. As a result, when tensions did emerge between them, as was the case in the 1960s, the 'glue' that bound India and Russia at a foundational level ensured that the drift was not permanent. The relationship encompassed the state and society on both sides. A dynamic that encompassed values ensured that things could be brought back on track should the narrower self-interest component of the relationship suffer. 
International-relations scholars like Ian Hurd have pointed out that relations based purely on self-interest last as long as clear benefits accrue to the parties concerned. According to Hurd , 'Actors are constantly recalculating the expected payoff to remaining in the system and stand ready to abandon it should some alternative promise greater utility.' Such relationships have a tendency to 'defect' or have revisionism built into them. However, relationships based on something more than self-interest can check the tendency towards revisionism. 
It is but natural that once the Cold War generation fades in India, the attraction and pull towards Russia and its ideals will also weaken. It would not be inaccurate to say that the current generation of Indians is much less enamored with Russia than the previous generation, which grew up in the Cold War years. In fact, the United States seems to have a greater following among the new generation of Indians than does Russia. According to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2015, 70 percent of Indians who were polled viewed the United States favorably, with 75 percent of those in the age bracket of 18–29 seeing the United States in a positive light. Russia trailed the United States, with 43 percent of Indians seeing it in a positive light. While 8 percent of Indians polled viewed the United States in a negative light, twice as many—16 percent—viewed Russia in a negative light. 
Should decisionmakers in New Delhi and Moscow want to ensure that the bilateral relationship is not endangered significantly, they need to examine its softer, ideational element. To what extent do values still underpin bilateral relations, and what is the extent of the erosion of values? They need to identify and inject elements into the relation that will buttress the dimension of self-interest with a value-based one. 
The challenge is made greater given that socialism is no longer the principal vocabulary in the relationship. Some have argued that in order to maintain the health of bilateral relations, scientific and technological relations have to be deepened, joint manufacturing given a boost, and a convergence of views on terrorism put in place. Whether these measures will be sufficient to sustain India-Russia ties in the twenty-first century needs to be pondered. 
Should one doubt the efficacy of values in the politics among nations, given the depiction of international relations as the domain of amoral and self-interested conduct in the shadow of anarchy, one ought to pay heed to Henry Kissinger, and the arch-realist's reasoning for the success of the Concert of Europe system. The Concert system was inaugurated in 1815, in the aftermath of the drawn-out French Revolutionary and Napoleonic wars. 
It consisted of dialogue and negotiation among the great powers, a commitment to the status quo based on conservative values, and modifications of boundaries based on discussion and not the unilateral use of force. It is believed that the absence of systemwide great-power wars barring the Crimean War was due to the Concert system. In the face of increasing offensive capabilities of nations spurred on by the Industrial Revolution; leaders who accepted risk and were interested in pushing the limits of the status quo, such as Czar Nicholas I; and the slow onset of nationalism across Europe, peace in Europe largely held. This was no mean feat. 
Kissinger argues in his book Diplomacy that even though the Concert was created in the name of the balance of power, it relied shared values among the great powers. According to him, 'There was not a physical equilibrium but a moral one.' The power and value-based components of the Concert system was propped up by two separate arrangements: the Quadruple Alliance and the Holy Alliance. While the first alliance was based on balance of power principles, the second addressed the moral dimension of the Concert system and used religion as a glue to bind the great powers together. 
The British were not impressed with the Holy Alliance, with Lord Castlereagh referring to it as 'a piece of sublime mysticism and nonsense.' Notwithstanding this, it is believed that the Concert system managed to avert great-power wars for almost a century thanks to its two dimensions: self-interest based on balance-of-power calculations, and values. The injection of values through the Holy Alliance had the role of checking revisionist tendencies among the great powers, which was not only dependent on the accrual of benefits. 
The fact that India-Russia relations will face setbacks is inevitable. Whether the setbacks will be seen as aberrations, or whether they will herald a sustained drift, will in many ways be determined by the salience of shared values between the two nations.

ARTICLE

Bias bashers NYU Prof on CIA's Media Control and Drive for War with Russia (Video) 
Prof. Mark Crispin Miller discussed the ways in which the mainstream media distorts the public's view of reality   Offguardian 
Mark Crispin Miller is Professor of Media, Culture and Communication at New York University. His research interests include modern propaganda, history and tactics of advertising, American film, and media ownership. Mark Crispin Miller is the author of Boxed In: The Culture of TV; Seeing Through Movies, ed.; Mad Scientists: The Secret History of Modern Propaganda; Spectacle: Operation Desert Storm and the Triumph of Illusion; and The Bush Dyslexicon. His newest book is Cruel and Unusual: Bush/Cheney's New World Order. 
Here he talks about US government propaganda, the corporate media, the CIA and the Russian 'Putin' threat. He also discusses the recent attempt by the corporate media to get him fired using a NYU graduate student working for Rupert Murdock-owned VICE. Finally, he 'looks at the role of the CIA and the US government in their organized effort to demonize Putin and Russia and create a US population hysteria similar to the 1950s. This interview was done during the Project Censored 40th anniversary at Sonoma State University on October 22, 2016 by Pacifica KPFA WorkWeek host Steve Zeltzer.'

ARTICLE

Reality check media Hillary ON TAPE: Don't Hold an Election Unless You Rig It in Advance 
Ms Clinton made the obseravtion about elections in occupied Palestine while speaking to a private gathering of Jewish journalists Print   The Ron Paul Institute 
Anyone wondering what "democracy promotion" will look like in a Hillary Clinton administration may get a taste from a new audiotape released today of Hillary addressing the editorial board of the Jewish Press back in 2006. In the tape Hillary is clearly heard telling the Jewish Press journalists present: I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake. And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win. 
Listen for yourselves: 
Present at the meeting was Jewish Press editor Eli Chomsky, who recalls being shocked that 'anyone could support the idea—offered by a national political leader, no less—that the U.S. should be in the business of fixing foreign elections.'Hillary Clinton's stated practice of taking a private position and a public position on every issue is also apparent in her comments in that same meeting on whether it was worth talking to the Syrian government. Said Clinton at the time (sounding almost like Ron Paul): You know, I'm pretty much of the mind that I don't see what it hurts to talk to people. As long as you're not stupid and giving things away. I mean, we talked to the Soviet Union for 40 years. They invaded Hungary, they invaded Czechoslovakia, they persecuted the Jews, they invaded Afghanistan, they destabilized governments, they put missiles 90 miles from our shores, we never stopped talking to them. ...But if you say, 'they're evil, we're good, [and] we're never dealing with them,' I think you give up a lot of the tools that you need to have in order to defeat them… 
Perhaps Hillary should come clean on how many elections she "determined who was going to win" beforehand while Secretary of State.

ARTICLE

People over profits Dem Wingnut James Carville Melts Down, Says 'KGB' Controls FBI 
The Democratic strategist calls reopened Clinton probe an 'attack' on American democracy in a MSNBC tantrum   PoliZette 
Famed Democratic strategist James Carville may be the first Clinton surrogate to have officially lost his mind over the FBI's decision to reopen its investigation into Clinton's private email server. 
In an appearance on MSNBC on Monday, Carville relentlessly — and repeatedly — attacked the FBI's decision to reopen the investigation, asserting it is part of a conspiracy to subvert American democracy. 
Apparently the fact that the Soviet security agency was disbanded in 1991 does not preclude its involvement in this vast, anti-Clinton, FBI-organized conspiracy, according to Carville. Poor Carville was clearly apoplectic at the news of Comey's announcement, describing it as an assault or attack on American democracy multiple times.'This is in effect an attempt to hijack an election,' Carville claimed. 'It's unprecedented … the House Republicans and the KGB are trying to influence our democracy,' he said. 
He was also adamant about who was responsible. 'Comey was acting in concert and coordination with the House Republicans,' Carville said. 'We also have the extraordinary case of the KGB being involved in this race and selectively leaking things from the Clinton campaign that they hacked,' he added. 
Carville was very upset that Comey's announcement thrust Clinton's behavior back into the spotlight. "It would seem to me that the FBI shouldn't be getting rolled by the House Republicans, that's what happened here — there's nothing else that's going on — and in the meantime … democracy is under assault by the KGB," he said. "To me that's something we ought to be talking about." 
Unfortunately for Carville, fanciful tales about time-traveling Soviet spies and an FBI in the GOP's pocket certainly make for interesting entertainment — but they pale in importance to the real-life stories of Clinton's brazen lawlessness. 
When the MSNBC anchor dared raise the fact that Democrats were praising Comey only a few months ago when he announced the FBI's decision not to recommend indictment, Carville went into a stuttering, sputtering fit. 
"When the facts change I change my mind," Carville said. "Why are you defending this, why are you sitting here as American democracy is under assault?" he asked. 
"This is an unprecedented event that was done on behalf of the House Republicans," Carville repeated. "And as we know the KGB is all over this election and this is what we are talking about? We ought to be talking about [how] our democracy is under assault right now and what we are going to do about it, not [what somebody said in July] about James Comey."

ARTICLE

Taming the corporate media beast Interview with Top Putin Advisor Nikolai Patrushev 
Patrushev is the Secretary of the National Security Council   Sputnik 
In an exclusive interview for Sputnik, Russian Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev offered his assessment of the main threats facing the world, and Russia's plans to deal with them. Given the Security Council's status as an advisory body reporting to the president, Patrushev's word is basically the Kremlin line on national security issues.The Security Council is charged with working out the president's decisions on national security affairs. In this light, Sputnik asked Secretary Patrushev to lay out his views regarding the security situation in the world today, and the regions which he sees as the most problematic. 
"The situation in the world is not becoming any easier," the official admitted. "There is a growing competition for global influence and the use of global resources." 
At the same time, Patrushev added, "the excessive ambitions of some countries is provoking new challenges and security threats in a variety of regions around the world, and creates serious obstacles to the creation of bilateral and multilateral efforts aimed at resolving crisis situations." 
Major Threats to Russia: NATO Buildup, Terrorism, Tensions in the Korean Peninsula 
Asked to list the main threats to Russia's security, Patrushev cited first and foremost the continued buildup of NATO's military capabilities, "along with efforts to endow this organization with global functions." Threats to Russia include "the spread of [NATO] military infrastructure on Russia's borders, the deployment of new types of weapons, and the creation of a [US] global missile defense system." 
Other threats Moscow takes seriously include the "unprecedented threat" of global terrorism, represented first and foremost by the Daesh (ISIL/ISIS) terrorist group. 
"Syria, Iraq, Libya, Yemen, Afghanistan and several other states have become the arenas in which Daesh is fought," the official noted. "Since fall 2015 and on the request of the legitimate Syrian government, Russia has been actively involved in the destruction of the terrorists on the territory of the Syrian Arab Republic." 
Stressing the need for international cooperation on this issue, Patrushev noted that "it is obvious that our efforts in and of themselves will be insufficient; the fight against such evils requires collective efforts uniting the entire international community. We have said this many times, and are prepared for cooperation with all interested parties." 
Other areas of concern to Moscow at the moment include tensions in the Korean Peninsula, caused not only by Pyongyang's actions, but by Washington's response as well. 
"The US is using the actions of the North Korean leadership to their advantage. Under the pretext of protection against the North Korean military threat, Washington is strengthening their presence in Northeast Asia, thus further inflaming the atmosphere through the demonstration of force – by means of vigorous military exercises with Japan and South Korea, together with the desire to place elements of its global missile defense system in the region." 
Finally, last but certainly not least, Patrushev noted that Russia cannot help but be concerned by the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. "Two years ago, Ukraine joined the list of regional hotspots. Washington and Brussels actively assisted the organization of an anti-constitutional coup d'état in Kiev. The end result has been a smoldering civil war in the country's east, which Ukrainian authorities do not want to stop, and which they sabotage by failing to fulfill their obligations." 
Russia's 'Vision of Global Security' in Five Easy Steps 
Asked how Russia hopes to react to this difficult and complicated global security picture, the Security Council secretary stressed that Russia is guided by a relatively straightforward "vision of global security." 
"Its essence is simple, and includes the primacy of international law, the priority of the peaceful resolution of conflicts within the existing frameworks of international organizations, led by the United Nations, the inadmissibility of backroom agreements and unilateral actions, bloc politics, and the unacceptability of interference in the internal affairs of sovereign states." 
As far as the Security Council's role is concerned, Patrushev explained that the body's main task revolves around identifying challenges to national security, and promoting multilateral dialogue to finding solutions. "Dialogue is developed within the framework of the Commonwealth of Independent States, the Collective Security Treaty Organization, the Shanghai Cooperation Organization and the BRICS. We explain to our partners our view of the current situation, engage in the exchange of information between security services, and participate in the creation of new formats and areas of work." 
Proud of the Security Council's achievements, Patrushev explained that among its serious initiatives is the organization of an annual forum attended by senior security services representatives from other nations. "This year, the seventh such forum took place in Chechnya; delegations from 75 states took part. A number of agreements were signed in areas including the fight against terrorism and extremist ideologies, drug trafficking, transnational crime, and threats to information security."All in all, the official noted, "our main goal is to ensure Russia's interests – to create the conditions for sustained economic and social development, and to strengthen sovereignty and constitutional order." At the same time, "Russia has avoided and will continue to avoid any interference in the internal affairs of sovereign states. However, this does not mean that we will allow someone else to export his or her own problems to our country. Such attempts will be stopped firmly and resolutely." 
Russian-US Cooperation Contingent on Only One Condition 
In recent months, some US officials and media have engaged in a demonization of Russia never before seen in the modern era, while putting political and military pressure on countries which are friendly to Moscow. Asked whether constructive cooperation between Russia and the United States is still possible, Patrushev stressed that the answer is still 'yes', and requires only one condition to be met: mutual respect. 
We are ready to cooperate with our American partners on the basis of equality and mutual respect for one another's interests. Right now, Russia is listed among the main threats to US national security. We cannot but be surprised by kinds of criteria Washington thinks in, when it puts Russia on a par with Daesh and Ebola in its national security strategy. 
Unfortunately, Patrushev noted, "when such sentiments prevail in the minds of American politicians, and when these stereotypes are projected onto ordinary citizens by the media, it is hardly possible to establish a full and comprehensive dialogue on a wide range of issues." 
The methods of defense against the supposed 'Russian threat' also raise questions, according to the official. "You mentioned the deployment of elements of missile defense on our borders. From these installations it is possible to launch cruise missiles, whose range includes many facilities of Russia's strategic [nuclear] infrastructure. The US naturally denies this capability, but do not offer any real arguments." 
"Earlier, Washington stated that European missile defense was directed against Iran. In that case, a legitimate question arises: Why was the base at Deveselu, Romania commissioned after progress had been made in the Iranian case?" 
Patrushev stressed that broadly speaking, "Russia proceeds from the idea that in the present international situation, isolation is equally counterproductive to attempts to isolate other players." 
Accordingly, he noted that he was optimistic that eventually, things will improve. "As the experience of recent history has shown, Russian-US relations will return to normal sooner or later; this is the case because their further degradation is contrary to the interests of both Moscow and Washington." 
NATO Policy: Dusting Off the Cold War Playbook 
Naturally, any improvement in relations will have to include a revision of NATO policy toward Russia. Asked whether the doctrinal changes approved at NATO's July summit in Warsaw were a sign that the alliance has resumed its 'tough line' against Moscow, Patrushev stressed that a Security Council evaluation of summit documents reached a surprising conclusion: that no major revision to NATO military doctrine has taken place; in fact, the alliance simply never renounced the doctrine it had during the Cold War period of confrontation between two superpowers. 
"Take a look at the kinds of terms used [by NATO]: 'containment', 'intimidation', 'rollback'– does this language really correspond to the image of an organization with a global reach and multilateral competencies?…Such concepts are more suited to a traditional military-political bloc, whose priority is the subordination of weaker states to the will of the strongest in the interests of solving the latter's problems." 
Unfortunately, Patrushev noted, NATO seems to be deliberately ignoring the genuine threats to Euro-Atlantic security, while focusing on the illusory threat of Russia. This, he suggested, is epitomized by NATO's Warsaw Declaration on Transatlantic Security, which lists Russia as a threat from the very first paragraph, while mentioning Daesh, which has actually carried out numerous attacks on European soil, only in the eighth, and even then only in the context of the use of AWACS reconnaissance aircraft. 
Nevertheless, "Russia continues to use the Russia-NATO dialogue platform, and to work on bilateral agreements on the prevention of incidents on the high seas and in the air." Ever the optimist, Patrushev stressed that he was confident "that with the joint efforts of the world community, it will eventually become possible to build an effective architecture of common and indivisible security, in which military and political blocs will become a useless anachronism." 
Syria: Victim of Double Standards 
Finally, asked about the Syrian crisis, and what it will take to see it peacefully resolved, Patrushev said that he views Syria as a "victim of double standards" in the global fight against terrorism, with Western countries and some regional powers pursuing their own interests to Syria's detriment. "The losers in this game are the Syrian people," the official stressed, adding that Russia considers the humanitarian aspect, including the delivery of aid supplies, to be crucial at this stage. 
As far as militants are concerned, Patrushev explained that "apart from Daesh, the Nusra Front also represents a serious threat…According to UN data, more than half of the militants operating in Aleppo belong to this group. Renaming itself Jabhat Fatah al-Sham did not turn this group into 'moderate opposition'. Whatever a group calls itself, if it uses terrorists methods, it has no place at the negotiating table, and must be destroyed." 
Nusra's destruction depends on its dissociation from the so-called moderate opposition, Patrushev stressed. "However, in spite of all the Russian-US agreements on this issue, Washington has demonstrated an inability, or perhaps an unwillingness, to fulfill its many promises." 
"Recent examples offer proof: despite the Syrian government's withdrawal of its troops from Castello road, Washington-backed moderate opposition groups not only failed to take similar steps; they refused to let UN aid convoys through. We also remember how on September 17, the US mistakenly (or so they said) attacked Syrian government troops surrounded by Daesh at Deir ez-Zor." 
Essentially, Patrushev suggested, Russia has been left with the unpleasant feeling that the intensive Russian-US negotiations on Syria "were used by Washington [merely] to delay time to allow the militants to regroup. Today we see the result: more and more groups on Syrian territory which had worked with the US have merged with Nusra." 
Final Thoughts: Terrorism Doesn't Respect State Borders 
Ultimately, the Russian Security Council secretary stressed that Moscow "has not lost hope that a constructive point of view can still prevail in Washington. We are ready on the level of defense ministries to consider possible additional measures to normalize the situation in Aleppo." 
Moscow is ready to cooperate in this regard, Patrushev noted, because "terrorism has never recognized state borders. What is happening today in Syria, Iraq, Libya, Yemen and Afghanistan could be repeated in other countries tomorrow."

ARTICLE

Media skeptic If Russia Wanted to Fight the West, It Would Have Invested More in Arms 
Despite the screaching over Russia's old cold war-era Kuznetsov putting to sea, it really just shows Moscow never planned for a conflict with the west   New Eastern Outlook 
Hysterics are the western leadership's most effective weapons against imaginary Russian foes. Or are imaginary Russian foes the cause of idiotic hysterics by western leaders? Whatever the case, it's easy to get confused these days. Black is white, truth is a lie, Russia a friend or a foe, today the only certainty is more uncertainties and warmongering. Russia's sailing a rusty aircraft carrier to Syrian waters is sure to cause an international arms race now. Is Putin's Russia bent on attacking Europe by Sea, or is NATO fomenting another blood ritual? 
I often chuckle at the stupidity of 'so-called' experts, especially reporters. However silly and uninformed western media parrots may be though, the idiocy of NATO member countries' leadership is more ridiculous by far. Take the example of Russia sending a small task force of its Northern Fleet to stand-off Syria in the eastern Mediterranean. The media in Britain, for instance, reports on a naval buildup akin to the Spanish Armada, while Brit citizens line the cliffs of Dover to photograph the elegant (if aged) profile of a gray lady Russian aircraft carrier sliding by. Just looking at the imagery brings to mind seafaring lore attached to a once indomitable Soviet naval presence. On the other hand, naval warfare aficionados could be sad, watching what's left of Russia's mighty surface fleet lumber onward to assist in killing terror. I cannot decide which element of this latest development is more pitiful, the European hysteria over Russian navy pieces on the move, or the fact a remnant of Cold War days is rusting to pieces. 
When elements of a naval group headed by Admiral Kuznetsov, Russia's only aircraft carrier, left the port of Severomorsk at 3:00 p.m. Moscow time (12 noon GMT) on October 15 for the eastern Mediterranean, scant news of the departure could be found. Then when Russia's lone carrier and the the battle cruiser Peter the Great neared England, all media hell broke loose. Frothy waves of reporters employed by BBC, Rupert Murdoch's ilk, and the propaganda nests of NATO went collectively bonkers over 8 ships sailing by Dover like old ducks in a shooting gallery. The Swedes and Norwegians were the first to sound 'General Quarters' over the aging fleet's passing. Norwegian media outlet VG.no called the Russian naval group's cruise 'the biggest demonstration of Russian military power' in recent years. And Sweden shadowed the vessels like yapping little terriers on the scent of some dying old bear. The hype and bullshit turned razor sharp idiotic once the small flotilla neared the English Channel, and nobody, nobody portrayed the story as it was. No one told viewers or readers the Kuznetsov has been in seawater 31 years now, and having spent 20 of those at the tail end of military funding. More importantly, the NATO-EU media failed to tell us this is the ship's fourth deployment to the Med, or that she had previously laid off Scotland for refueling and replenishment during another deployment. No, this sailing is being built up into a Russian armada and a Putin provocation instead of what it really is. 
Russia's military might is not contingent on its navy, it never was. While projecting power from mother Russia was a necessity in the Cold War, the world's biggest country has always been defensive. This is unarguable, and a matter of historic fact. Secondly, Russian naval prowess was never focused on surface warfare, but on ballistic submarine counter-deterrent. This is another reason her lone carrier stands a better chance of springing a leak and sinking, than being torpedoed by a British submarine. Putin has sent this group to Syria for more practical reasons than any media is telling us, the ships are part of the most economical way to finish off ISIL, even in a rusty bucket state of repair, they serve as anti-air and ground attack platforms, as well as amphibious warfare elements if the need arises. But let's get down to brass tacks here. 
While the United States does possess a couple of so-called 'Supercarriers' as old as the Admiral Kuznetsov, the availability of paint and varnish in the US Navy is supported by 1000 times the budget of the Russian Navy's long counterweight. This US Navy budget (PDF) for FY 2016 details a navy with 11 super-carriers and a maintenance budget in excess of $9.4 billion for a baseline, this does not address refurbishments. On the other hand Russia's entire military budget ($68.2 billion 2013) is less than one third that of the US Navy alone. While the hysterical whining from NATO generals grows loud, this is only to create a bigger festering wound in between NATO members and Russia. 
Finally, despite the Kuznetsov's unseaworthy and arthritic existence, the larger strategy from Putin is what's more interesting here. A paid troll of a western media reporter named Michael Weiss, writes for the Daily Beast and for ousted Russian oligarch (slash mobster) Mikhail Khodorkovsky. I mention him because he has a penchant for mixing an ounce of truth with a pound of anti-Putin bullshit, and because he recently commented on 'Russia's sinking fleets'. As lacking as the Russian navy is though, sending a battle group to Tarsus and Syria is the correct strategy. And it is THIS that has NATO peeing its pants. Not many realize that a big objective of the Ukraine-EU ascension was to eliminate Russia's only warm weather port in the south, at Crimea. Russian naval power, in open waters in the southern regions of Europe, it's a strategic nightmare for the NATO alliance. So rust bucket or not, the Kuznetsov group are valuable chess pieces Putin had to commit to this operation. Make no mistake though; the movements were not intended as a provocation or saber rattling, but rather a move of necessity. 
The sailing of the Admiral Kuznetsov and these other ships proves once and for all Russia's defensive posture historically, and with regard to recent events. Please understand, Russia has never been, is not, and probably never will be a major naval threat to the United States. With the exception of her ballistic missile submarine deterrent, Russia's sole military objective has always been defending the motherland – period. The US and allies have surface and submarine fleets that quite simply dwarf Russian and Chinese naval power, but here's the thing. The Admiral Kuznetsov, and in particular the 'battlecruiser' aspects of her design, are fuel for an unnecessary alarmist view from the likes of NATO's Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. Even the capability of the accompanying nuclear powered battlecruiser Pyotr Velikiy, and the two Udaloy Class Destroyers can only be considered defensive by nature. Mr. Putin is only defending his country's servicemen already engaged in the air war in Syria, and his country's southern borders in the event of a wider NATO aggressiveness. With talk of a Hillary Clinton White House seeking a 'no fly' zone over Syria, the Russians would be stupid not to sail these ships to serve as a first line of defense. 
NATO, the White House, the houses of leadership in Europe have now seized upon a situation they caused in the first place. Russia as the aggressor, given all that we have seen since the fall of the Berlin Wall, it's just a comedy. The United States and her allies (satraps) have invaded, or outright overthrown governments around the world, and now Russia is aggressive for protecting her closest interests? An aircraft carrier from the Reagan era sent out alone to conquer the world? Nobody in their right mind could believe this. CNN is calling the move 'Heavy Metal', and The Mail calls the vessels 'Nuclear Battleships' to garner readership, while another article speaks of 'Putin's Satan II' killer missile with it's 40 megaton payload. But no media outlet depicts the real situation. No news reflects who has really been building up arsenals for a potential war. The United States has increased in multiplicity systems aimed not at conflicts with Arab lands, not in defense against global terror, but for engaging more powerful foes. When the sole Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov was sitting in port collecting barnacles and rust the last 15 years, American companies planned and cranked out devastating new weapons. The trillion dollar F-35 can't fly well yet, but sooner or later it will. The Gerald R. Ford super-carriers may have design flaws, but they were planned long before Russia reemerged as any advertised threat back in 2005. There are 100 examples of an ongoing US military buildup meant aimed at Russia and China, but Congress makes no secret of the US mission with regard to armed superiority, as this Congressional Research Service paper from September, 2016 shows: 
'The U.S. goal of preventing the emergence of a regional hegemon in one part of Eurasia or another is a major reason why the U.S. military is structured with force elements that enable it to cross broad expanses of ocean and air space and then conduct sustained, large-scale military operations upon arrival. Force elements associated with this goal include, among other things, an Air Force with significant numbers of long-range bombers, long-range surveillance aircraft, longrange airlift aircraft, and aerial refueling tankers, and a Navy with significant numbers aircraft carriers, nuclear-powered attack submarines, large surface combatants, large amphibious ships, and underway replenishment ships.' 
Now my point seems well made. Had Vladimir Putin and Russia been intent on taking over the world, Military developments beyond the new Armata T 14 tanks, fifth generations fighters and some missiles would have been ramped up long before now. It's crystal clear to the keen observer that Putin's Russia was in infrastructure and economy building mode up until Senator John McCain played cheerleader for the Ukraine revolution in Kiev. Today, with NATO posturing on every Russian frontier, Vladimir Putin is making the best use of what his nation has in order to defend against the unthinkable. This is the truth of these matters. 
And still the blood ritual is drummed out before the campfires of Europe – the big bad wolf, or a giant Russian nemesis is out to take over a bunch of poverty-refugee-economic stricken countries for what? So that Russia can once again prop up Eastern Europe? So Vladmir Putin can reign supreme over a rusty Eiffel Tower? What is there in Europe the Russians need so desperately, after all? Shopping malls and Christmas markets must be the coveted lure, for there's certainly no natural resources left to squander. 
Maybe the people in the west should consider all this?

ARTICLE

West Shamelessly Whitewashing Terrorist Counterattack on Aleppo 
They're just your friendly neighborhood head-choppers being victimized by Russia Originally appeared at New Eastern Outlook 
Militants led by designated terrorist organisation, Jabhat Al Nusra, now obliquely referred to by the Western media as 'Jabhat Fateh al-Sham,' has spearheaded another attempt to disrupt security operations against militants trapped in Syria's norther city of Aleppo. 
Despite what is clearly a terrorist assault employing indiscriminate artillery fire provided by Grad rocket systems on an urban center and the use of suicide bombings employing vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices (VBIED), Western media organisations are attempting to depict the assault as a 'rebel counter-attack' meant to 'break' what it is depicting as a 'siege' by Syria's own military forces. 
Reuters in their article, ' Syrian rebels launch Aleppo counter-attack to break siege ,' would claim: 
It is particularly interesting to see Reuters attempt to depict the assault as a 'rebel' operation, despite being unable to name a single 'rebel' group, and admitting the leading role designated foreign terrorist organisation Jabhat Al Nusra is playing as well as the use of clearly terrorist tactics being employed. 
Reuters continues by admitting much further down in its article that: 
Fateh al-Sham played a big part in a rebel attack in July that managed to break the government siege on eastern Aleppo for several weeks before it was reimposed. 
Abu Youssef al-Mouhajir, an official from the powerful Ahrar al-Sham Islamist group, said the extent of cooperation between the different rebel factions was unusual, and that the largest axis of attack was on the western edge of the city. 
Reuters is all but admitting that even the so-called 'rebels' it attempts to credit the assault with are operating not under the banner of the 'Free Syrian Army,' but ultimately under the banner of Jabhat Al Nusra, quite literally Al Qaeda in Syria. 
Reuters concedes that this 'complicates' US foreign policy in Syria, claiming that heavier weapons cannot be passed on to 'rebels' in fear that they would immediately fall into the hands of terrorist groups 'rebels' are clearly operating under. Reuters, however, never explains why any weapons at all would be provided to 'rebel' groups so clearly and transparently in league with Jabhat Al Nusra in the first place. 
Finally, Reuters claims: 
Grad rockets were launched at Aleppo's Nairab air base before the assault began said Zakaria Malahiji, head of the political office of the Aleppo-based Fastaqim rebel group, adding that it was going to be 'a big battle'. 
The Observatory also said that Grad surface-to-surface rockets had struck locations around the Hmeimim air base, near Latakia. 
Grad rockets are an effective weapon in combat on open terrain. In the confined urban environment of Aleppo, they are an indiscriminate weapon the West, its media and its human rights advocates have little trouble pointing out their use constitutes a war crime, but only when used by forces of nations the West seeks to undermine and ultimately overthrow. No mention of their indiscriminate, inappropriate nature when used in urban environments is made when used by forces backed by Western interests. 
Also, Reuters' inadvertently mentions the 'rebel' group Fastaqim in the closing paragraphs of its report, a faction operating under the Aleppo-based Fatah Halab (Aleppo Conquest) coalition. It was revealed by the West's own rights advocacy group, Amnesty International, in a post titled, ' Syria: armed opposition group committing war crimes in Aleppo – new evidence ,' that: 
The Aleppo Conquest armed groups may have used chemical weapons, as well as 'hell cannon' gas canister munitions. 
Armed groups surrounding the predominantly Kurdish Sheikh Maqsoud district of Aleppo city have repeatedly carried out indiscriminate attacks – possibly including with chemical weapons – that have struck civilian homes, markets and mosques, killing and injuring civilians, and have displayed a shameful disregard for human life, said Amnesty International today. 
Indeed, even groups described as 'rebels' by the Western media, are guilty of serial offences that clearly make them terrorists, not 'rebels.' The fact that this information is omitted from Reuters' reports and the nature of these groups' relationship with Al Qaeda affiliates made as intentionally nebulous as possible, reveals a common theme that has run through Western coverage of the Syrian conflict since it began; a concerted effort to conceal the true terroristic nature of so-called 'rebels' in a bid to legitimize the illegitimate, and defend the indefensible.

ARTICLE

How Western Media Teleported a Child 'Victim' from Homs to Aleppo (PHOTOS, VIDEO) 
Western media is capable of amazing feats which defy even the laws of physics Originally appeared at Russian Spring 
The West keeps fighting its informational war on Russia blaming Russian Air Force for bloody crimes in Syrian Arab Republic. To persuade the world community of the fact that Moscow is to blame for catastrophic humanitarian situsation in Syria and not «moderate opposition» fighters turning the country into chaos world media descend into manipulating facts and publishing fakes. 
The easily expected maximum effect has photos and videos showing children suffering from war and bombardments. Western readers keep on commenting such stories and blaiming 'Assad's regime and Putin', but haven't the slightest idea that those stories are skillfully made up. 
«Russian Spring» has already covered a story of a girl who had been saved again and again, several times in just one month , and now we are offering a tear-squeezing vide about a girl who was teleported from Homs province to Aleppo by the Western media. 
Child, where are you from? 
On October 10 a footage showing allegedly one of the 'bombardment victims» of Syrian Talbiseh in Homs province was published on YouTube channel of local informational resource talbisah. 
And then the taer-sqeeinf video started its walk of fame thriugh media and social media: it was published on AJ+ Facebook page in particular (a Qatar-based telecom giant Al Jazzera) where it was reached by over 10 mln people (as of October 24). 
Al Jazeea accompanied the video with pitiful subttles and corresponding title: «Happy Moday from Syria: this little girl is calling her dad after her house was destroyed by an airstrike». 
BBC dealt with that video shortly and "relocated" the girl called Aya (as she introduced herself on the video) from Talbiseh to Aleppo by including a footage called «Aleppo: Where is my dad?» aya_bbc.jpg 
Have a more attentive look on how medical staff working: even if we omit the shooting location fraud look at how strange the doctors behave. Instead of giving the first aid necessary for a kid after (alleged) bomberdment, instaed of cleaning head and face wound to minimize comtamination risk the doctors (or the actros playing doctors) keep walking around the girl wearing a troubled look not to hinder filming the vdeo. 
Quite thick and artificail-looking blood cathes our eye as well as dark-blue bruises under girl's eyes lookking a lot like make-up. 
The whole video looks like a staged one, the authors and creators have just used a win-win tactics for their short film: a child wounded at war. 
Twitter star 
The journalists kept on using the pretty-looking mode in their propaganda. Som time later the girl was given a poster which read 'Don't bomb me again. It hurts. Aya' and made another tear-sqeezing photo which was then published by some Omar Qayson calling himself war journalists and media activist on his Twitter page . aya_twit.jpg 
It's laughable but 'media activist's' Twiiter «has only 11 posts open to public and the first of them is a photo of a bird killed by bombardments, the three last are reposts of the aforementioned Aya's photograph. 
Hashtags he chosen for his photo (Children of Syria and Russian kills us ) confirm the obvious fact: social media accounts like that are created by Western journalists with just one aim — to spread false photo and videos blaimimg Russia for «bloody crimes against Syrian people».

ARTICLE

Originally appeared at Paul Craig Roberts 
During the decades-long Cold War the belief in America was that the Soviet Union had an ideology of world domination. Every nationalist movement, such as Vietnam's effort to throw off French colonialism, was misinterpreted as another domino falling to Soviet world conquest. This mistaken American belief persisted despite Stalin's purge of the Trotsky elements that preached world revolution. Stalin declared: 'socialism in one country.' 
As the Soviets did not have the aim that the US attributed to them, the two governments could cooperate in reducing the dangerous tensions that nuclear weapons presented. 
The rise of the American neoconservatives and their doctrine of US world hegemony has given the United States the expansionist ideology formerly attributed to the Soviets. Only this time the expansionist ideology is real. Yet, Russia's foreign minister, Lavrov, said today that 'we [the US and Russia] have no ideological differences which make the Cold War inevitable.' https://sputniknews.com/politics/201610251046697689-lavrov-russia-cold-war/ 
The inability of the Russian government to understand that the neoconservative ideology of US world hegemony is the driving force of US foreign policy leaves Lavrov puzzled at the high level of hostility toward Russia. As Lavrov believes that there are no ideological differences between the two countries, he doesn't understand the hostility. However, he does understand that this hostility toward Russia is a negation of Cold War rules that both countries avoid surprising the other with what could be perceived as a dangerous threat. 
There is no sign that the US government understands the danger in Russia's perception of threat or that Washington cares.

ARTICLE

Taming the corporate media beast How the West Provoked the New Cold War Originally appeared at Consortiumnews.com 
The mainstream U.S. media portrays the New Cold War as 'white-hatted' Americans standing up to 'black-hatted' Russians to stop aggression against NATO and to save children in Syria, but the reality is much more gray, says ex-CIA analyst Ray McGovern. 
How did the 'growing trust' that Russian President Vladimir Putin once said marked his 'working and personal relationship with President Obama ' change into today's deep distrust and saber-rattling? 
Their relationship reached its zenith after Mr. Putin persuaded Syria to give up its chemical weapons for verified destruction, enabling Mr. Obama at the last minute to call off, with some grace, plans to attack Syria in late summer 2013. 
But at an international conference in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi last week, Mr. Putin spoke of the 'feverish' state of international relations and lamented: 'My personal agreements with the President of the United States have not produced results.' He complained about 'people in Washington ready to do everything possible to prevent these agreements from being implemented in practice' and, referring to Syria, decried the lack of a 'common front against terrorism after such lengthy negotiations, enormous effort, and difficult compromises.' 692968.jpg President Barack Obama addresses the United Nations General Assembly's seventy-first session on Sept. 20, 2016 (UN Photo) 
A month earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , who chooses his words carefully, told Russian TV viewers, 'My good friend John Kerry … is under fierce criticism from the U.S. military machine. Despite [Mr. Kerry's] assurances that the U.S. commander in chief, President Barack Obama, supported him in his contacts with Russia (he confirmed that during his meeting with President Vladimir Putin) apparently the military does not really listen to the commander in chief.' 
Do not chalk this up to paranoia. The U.S.-led coalition air strikes on known Syrian army positions killing scores of troops just five days into the September cease-fire — not to mention statements at the time by the most senior U.S. generals — were evidence enough to convince the Russians that the Pentagon was intent on scuttling meaningful cooperation with Russia. 
A New Nadir 
Relations between the U.S. and Russian presidents have now reached a nadir, and Mr. Putin has ordered his own defense ministry to throw down the gauntlet. 645495.jpg Russian President Vladimir Putin addresses UN General Assembly on Sept. 28, 2015. (UN Photo) 
On Oct. 6, ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said Russia is prepared to shoot down unidentified aircraft — including any stealth aircraft — over Syria, and warned ominously that Russian air defense will not have time to identify the origin of the aircraft. 
It seems possible that the U.S. air force will challenge that claim in due course — perhaps even without seeking prior permission from the White House. Last week, National Intelligence Director and former Air Force General James Clapper commented offhandedly, 'I wouldn't put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft … if they felt it was threatening their forces on the ground.' 
Injecting additional volatility into the equation, major news outlets are playing down or ignoring Russia's warnings. Thus, Americans who depend on the corporate media can be expected to be suitably shocked by what that same media will no doubt cast as naked aggression out of the blue if Russian air defenses down a U.S. or coalition aircraft. 
Meanwhile in Europe, as NATO defense ministers met in Brussels on Wednesday, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter told reporters the U.S. is contributing 'a persistent rotational armored brigade combat team' as a 'major sign of the U.S. commitment to strengthening deterrence here.' 
'This was a decision made by the alliance leaders in Warsaw,' he explained, referring to NATO's July summit meeting in the Polish capital. 'The United States will lead a battalion in Poland and deploy an entire battle-ready battalion task force of approximately 900 soldiers from the 2nd Cavalry Regiment, which is based in Germany.' 
On Thursday, at the Valdai Conference in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi, President Putin accused the West of promoting the 'myth' of a 'Russian military threat,' calling this a 'profitable business that can be used to pump new money into defense budgets … expand NATO and bring its infrastructure, military units, and arms closer to our borders.' 
Myth or not, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier was correct to point out last spring that military posturing on Russia's borders will bring less regional security. Mr. Steinmeier warned against 'saber-rattling,' adding that, 'We are well advised not to create pretexts to renew an old confrontation.' 
Speaking of such pretexts, it is high time to acknowledge that the marked increase in East-West tensions over the past two-and-a-half years originally stemmed from the Western-sponsored coup d'état in Kiev on Feb. 22, 2014, and Russia's reaction in annexing Crimea. Americans malnourished on the diet served up by 'mainstream' media are blissfully unaware that two weeks before the coup, YouTube published a recording of an intercepted conversation between U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland and the U.S. ambassador in Kiev, during which 'Yats' (for Arseniy Yatsenyuk) was identified as Washington's choice to become the new prime minister of the coup government in Kiev. 
This unique set of circumstances prompted George Friedman, president of the think-tank STRATFOR, to label the putsch in Kiev on Feb. 22, 2014, 'really the most blatant coup in history.' 
It's time for Western politicians and media to learn their lesson and pay attention to the statements coming out of Russia. Ask yourselves: Why all this hype now?

ARTICLE

On November 1st, The Intercept headlined "Here's The Problem With The Story Connecting Russia To Donald Trump's Email Server' , and the reporting team of Sam Biddle, Lee Fang, Micah Lee, and Morgan Marquis-Boire, revealed that: 
"Slate's Franklin Foer published a story that's been circulating through the dark web and various newsrooms since summertime, an enormous, eyebrow-raising claim that Donald Trump uses a secret server to communicate with Russia. That claim resulted in an explosive night of Twitter confusion and misinformation. The gist of the Slate article is dramatic — incredible, even: Cybersecurity researchers found that the Trump Organization used a secret box configured to communicate exclusively with Alfa Bank, Russia's largest commercial bank. This is a story that any reporter in our election cycle would drool over, and drool Foer did.' 
The Intercept team concluded their detailed analysis of the evidence by saying: 
"Could it be that Donald Trump used one of his shoddy empire's spam marketing machines, one with his last name built right into the domain name, to secretly collaborate with a Moscow bank? Sure. At this moment, there's literally no way to disprove that. But there's also literally no way to prove it, and such a grand claim carries a high burden of proof. Without more evidence it would be safer (and saner) to assume that this is exactly what it looks like: A company that Trump has used since 2007 to outsource his hotel spam is doing exactly that. Otherwise, we're all making the exact same speculation about the unknown that's caused untold millions of voters to believe Hillary's deleted emails might have contained Benghazi cover-up PDFs. Given equal evidence for both, go with the less wacky story.' 
However, they failed to dig deeper to explain what could have motivated this smear of Trump: was it just sloppiness on the part of Slate, and of Foer? Hardly — it was anything but unintentional: 
A core part of the Democratic Party's campaign for Hillary Clinton consists of her claim that Donald Trump is secretly a Russian agent. This is an updated version of the Republican Joseph R. McCarthy's campaign to 'root communists out of the federal government,' and of the John Birch Society's accusation even against the Republican President Dwight Eisenhower that, "With regard to ... Eisenhower, it is difficult to avoid raising the question of deliberate treason." 
Neoconservatives — in both Parties — are the heirs of the Republican Party's hard-right, which now, even decades after the 1991 end of communism and the Soviet Union, hate Russia above all of their other passions. Neoconservatism has emerged as today's Republican Party's Establishment, and (like with the Democratic Party's original neocon, U.S. Senator Henry 'Scoop' Jackson, the 'Senator from Boeing') they've always viewed Russia to be America's chief enemy, and they have favored the overthrow of any nation's leader who is friendly toward Russia, such as Saddam Hussein, Muammar Gaddafi, Viktor Yanukovych, and Bashar al-Assad. Hatred and demonization of Russia is the common core of neoconservatism — the post-Cold-War extension of Joseph R. McCarthy and the John Birch Society. 
Both Slate and especially Foer have long pedigrees as Democratic Party neoconservatives — champions of U.S. invasions, otherwise called PR agents ('journalists') promoting the products and services that a few giant and exclusive military corporations such as Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, Dyncorp, and the Carlyle Group, offer to the U.S. federal government. I'll deal here only with Foer, not with his latest employer (in a string, all of which are neocon Democratic 'news' media). 
Foer wrote in The New York Times, on 10 October 2004, against 'isolationist' Republicans, who regretted having supported George W. Bush's invasion of Iraq, and he headlined about them there, 'Once Again, America First' , equating non-neoconservative Republicans with, essentially, the pro-fascist isolationists of the 1930s. He concluded that they would come to regret their regret: 'Conservatives could soon find themselves retracing Buckley's steps, wrestling all over again with their isolationist instincts.' That's how far-right Franklin Foer is: he's to the right of those Republicans. 
On 7 June 2004, Foer, in a tediously long, badly written and argued, article in New York Magazine, 'The Source of the Trouble' , described the downfall of The New York Times's leading stenographer for George W. Bush's lies to invade Iraq, their reporter Judith Miller. He closed by concluding that 'the source of the trouble' was that Miller was simply too earnest and tried too hard — not that she was a stenographer to power: 
'People like Miller, with her outsize journalistic temperament of ambition, obsession, and competitive fervor, relying on people like Ahmad Chalabi, with his smooth, affable exterior retailing false information for his own motives, for the benefit of people reading a newspaper, trying to get at the truth of what's what.' 
(She was anything but 'trying to get at the truth of what's what.' She was the opposite: a mere stenographer to George W. Bush and to the Administration's chosen mouthpieces, such as the anti-Saddam exiled Iraqi Ahmad Chalaby.) 
On 20 December 2004, when the question of whether to bomb Iran was being debated by neoconservatives, Foer, who then was the Editor of the leading Democratic Party neoconservative magazine, The New Republic, headlined in his magazine, 'Identity Crisis: Neocon v. Neocon on Iran' , and he introduced a supposed non-neocon from the supposedly non-neocon Brookings Institution, Kenneth Pollack, to comment upon the conflict among (the other Party's) neocons: 
'In part, the lack of neocon consensus [on whether to, as John McCain was to so poetically put it, 'Bomb, bomb, bomb Iran' ] can be attributed to the nature of the problem. Nobody — not the Council on Foreign Relations, not John Kerry's brain trust — has designed a plausible policy to walk Iran back from the nuclear brink. Or, as Kenneth M. Pollack concludes in his new book, The Persian Puzzle, this is a 'problem from Hell' with no good solution.' 
But, actually, both Pollack and Brookings are Democratic Party neocons themselves; and among the leading proponents of invading Iraq had been not only Pollack but Brookings's Michael O'Hanlon . Brookings had no prominent opponent of invading Iraq. 
(Brookings has a long history of neoconservatism , and routinely leads the Democratic Party's contingent of neocon thinking, even urging a Democratic administration to have its stooge-regimes violate international laws .) 
The real reason why neocons (being the heirs of the far-right extremists' Cold-War demonization of Russia, even after communism is gone) wanted to conquer both Iraq and Iran, was that both countries' leaders were friendly towards Russia, and were opposed by the Saud family who own Saudi Arabia, which family quietly worked not only with the U.S. government but with Israel's government, against both Iraq and Iran, as well as against Syria — those three nations (Iraq, Iran, and Syria) all being friendly toward Russia, which both the Saudi aristocracy, and not only the U.S. aristocracy, hate. 
It's not just the conservative 'news' media that are neoconservative now. The so-called 'liberal' media are so neoconservative that, for example, Salon can condemn Donald Trump for his having condemned Hillary and Obama's bombing of Libya. Salon condemned Trump's having said 'We would be so much better off if Qaddafi were in charge right now'— as if Trump weren't correct, and as if what happened after our overthrow and killing of Qaddafi weren't far worse for both Libyans and the world than what now exists in Libya is. (But, of course, for Lockheed Martin etc., it is far better). CBS News and Mother Jones condemned the Trilateralist Joseph Nye for having veered temporarily away from his normal neoconservatism. Then, Nye wrote in the neocon Huffington Post saying that David Corn of Mother Jones and Franklin Foer of The New Republic had misrepresented what he had said, and that he was actually a good neocon after all. Nye closed: 'In any case, I have never supported Gaddafi and am on record wishing him gone, and also on record supporting Obama's actions in recent weeks. We now know that Gaddafi's departure is the only change that will work in Libya.' Sure, it did. Oh, really? It's Trump who is crazy here? 
More recently, Foer headlined at Slate, 'Putin's Puppet: If the Russian president could design a candidate to undermine American interests — and advance his own — he'd look a lot like Donald Trump.' Foer proceeded to present the view of Trump that subsequently became parroted by the Hillary Clinton campaign (that Trump=traitor). Wikipedia has a 450-person 'List of Republicans opposing Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016" , and it's almost entirely comprised of well-known neoconservatives — the farthest-right of all Republicans, the people closest to Joseph R. McCarthy and the John Birch Society. Foer cited many neoconservative sources that are not commonly thought of as Republican, such as Buzzfeed; and he even had the gall to blame the Russian government for having made public its best evidence behind its charge (which was true ) that the overthrow of Ukraine's democratically elected President Viktor Yanukovych in February 2014 was no authentic 'democratic revolution' such as the U.S. government and its 'news' media said, but was instead a very bloody U.S. coup d'etat in Ukraine , which was organized from the U.S. Embassy there, starting by no later than 1 March 2013 , a year beforehand. Foer wrote: 
'The Russians have made an art of publicizing the material they have filched to injure their adversaries. The locus classicus of this method was a recording of a blunt call between State Department official Toria [that's actually 'Victoria'] Nuland [a close friend of both Hillary Clinton and Dick Cheney] and the American ambassador to Kiev, Geoffrey Pyatt. The Russians allegedly planted the recording on YouTube and then tweeted a link to it — and from there it became international news. Though they never claimed credit for the leak, few doubted the White House's contention that Russia was the source.' 
To a neoconservative, even defensive measures (such as Russia's there exposing the lies that America uses to 'justify' economic sanctions and other hostile acts against Russia) — indeed, anything that Russia does against America's aggressions against Russia, and against Russia's allies (such as Saddam Hussein, Muammar Gaddafi, Bashar al-Assad, and Viktor Yanukovych) — anything that Russia does, is somehow evil and blameworthy. And, of course, America's aggressions are not. 
The U.S. government and its neocon propagandists are outraged that some people are trying to expose — instead of to spread — their lies. The American government isn't yet neocon enough, in the view of such liars.

ARTICLE

Citizen journalism with a punch Russia's New MiG-29K Carrier-Based Fighter to Be Battle Tested in Syria 
The Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov is on its way to Syria. It'll be its first-ever combat deployment and the first battle test of its MiG-29K fighters Originally appeared at Strategic Culture Foundation 
The MiG-29K is all-weather ship-based multirole 4++ generation fighter aircraft developed by the Mikoyan design bureau . Along with the Su-33, the aircraft is now part of the mixed wing on the Admiral Kuznetsov, the Russian aircraft carrier sailing to deploy in the Mediterranean. The MiG-29 K/KUB version is a two-seated variant which also can be used as a training aircraft. 
The MiG-29K was originally built for the Indian Navy, according to a contract signed in 2004. India has purchased 45 of MiG-29s over the last decade to be based on aircraft carriers: Vikramaditya and the future INS Vikrant set to become India's first indigenous carrier in 2018. India might yet increase its MiG-29K fleet. The Mediterranean deployment is the best chance to showcase the ship-based jet's capabilities to potential clients. 
The aircraft is in service with the Russian Navy since 2010. At the end of 2015, the MiG aviation company fulfilled a government contract for the delivery of 24 fighters for the naval aviation to be delivered to the Navy before the end of the year. The Mig-29K will eventually replace the Su-33. 
The fighter looks like the land-based version of the MiG-29. In reality, this is a completely different aircraft with foreign electronics replaced by domestic versions, and the «friend or foe» identification system completely rebuilt. The modification is devised for rigors of deck operation. The MiG-29K has folding wings, reinforced landing gear and an arrestor hook for carrier operations. It can perform short take-offs and land at low speeds. 
The plane is able to attain very high angles of attack. It has upgraded pilot displays and radar-absorbent coatings to reduce its radar signature. The open architecture allows the installation of new equipment and weapons. The MiG-29K boasts composite materials and an integrated digital «fly-by-wire» system with multiple backups. It is designed to operate from unprepared airstrips with its air intakes specially protected against debris. 
The aircraft has a length of 17.3m, height of 4.4m and a wingspan of 11.9m. The maximum take-off weight is 24,500 kg. 
The weapons suite includes a 30 mm cannon with 100 rounds in the port wing root, RVV-AE and R-73E air-to-air missiles, Kh-25ML/25MP, Kh-29T, Kh-31G/31A, Kh-35U air-to-surface missiles . The Kh-31A is a supersonic anti-ship missile resistant to air-defence. The Mig-29K is the only platform to carry it. The short-range R-73 infrared-guided missile can be targeted and fired through a helmet-mounted sight without the plane being pointed at an enemy fighter. Other armaments include rockets and guided aerial bombs. Kh-31P passive radar seeker missiles are used as anti-radiation weapons. The plane can carry 6.5 tons of precision-guided munitions. 
According to the plans, the aircraft may test the new Kh-38M (X-38) missiles in Syria. The missile has folding wings and tail fins for internal carriage, and would have a variety of seeker heads for different variants. Depending on the variant, it can have laser, active radar, IR or satellite guidance. The weapon's range is up to 40 km (21.6 nmi). The speed is Mach 2.2. It can be armed with HE fragmentation, cluster warhead, armor-piercing warhead weighing up to 250 kg (551 lb). The Kh-38 has a 5-meter (16-ft) circular error probability. 
The MiG-29K has two RD-33MKs turbofan engines to give it excellent acceleration and a top speed of Mach 2.25. Equipped with smokeless combustion chamber and new full authority digital engine control (FADEC) system they are engineered to reduce infrared signature and improve aircraft camouflage . With 4,560 kg of internal fuel, a combat radius is 850 km (531 mi). It can be increased to 1,300 kilometers with 3 underwing fuel drop tanks. 
The fighter can both conduct aerial refueling and «buddy» refuel other aircraft. 
The MiG-29K is equipped with three multifunctional color liquid-crystal displays a four-channel digital fly-by-wire flight control system, passive anti-radar missile homing system, Sigma-95 GPS receiver, TopGun helmet-mounted targeting system and electronic countermeasures (ECM). An onboard oxygen generating system eliminates the need for heavy oxygen canisters. The types of combat missions can be increased by adding optronic/infrared imaging reconnaissance pods. 
The avionic suite is based around the Zhuk-ME pulse Doppler radar. With a detection range of up to 120 km, the Zhuk-M radar is capable of terrain mapping and following. In the air targeting mode, the Zhuk-ME can track up to ten air targets while engaging four targets simultaneously. In air to surface mode the radar can detect a tank from up to 25 kilometres (16 mi) away and a bridge at the distance from 120 kilometres (75 mi) away, a naval destroyer could be detected up to 300 kilometres (190 mi) away, while up to two surface targets can be tracked at once. The radar has a scanning area of +/- 85 degrees in azimuth and +56/-40 in elevation. The fighter has multichannel infra-red search and track (IRST) system with target designation system. IR and laser sighting devices for ground targets illumination can also be installed. 
The MiG-29K boasts low radar cross section, advanced aerodynamics, electronic-warfare capabilities, standoff weapons and a melee of air-to-ground weapons to strike terrorist targets. 
A deployment of ship-based strike aircraft in the areas far away from the mainland is something only a first-rate world power can do. Russia showcases it's a member of the club. The deployment will significantly beef up the strike capability of Russian forces deployed in Syria. The overall strengthening of the Navy in the Mediterranean supports the policy aimed at strengthening Russia's foothold in the Middle East and North Africa.

ARTICLE

Reality check media NATO to Further Militarize the Black Sea 
A permanent presence of non-Black Sea NATO members in the Black Sea is on the horizon Originally appeared at Strategic Culture Foundation 
The October 26-27 NATO defense ministers meeting confirmed the decisions to beef up the military posture against Russia along its borders. The plans to boost presence in the Baltic States and Poland were approved at the bloc's Warsaw summit in July but the issue of strengthening Black Sea presence was hung in the air. The idea of forming a "Black Sea Fleet" did not materialize. 
This time the defense chiefs agreed to significantly boost allied forces specifically in that region. The US, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland and Turkey indicated their willingness to contribute. Other countries are also expected to join. Romania and Bulgaria will host an increased air force presence, designed to undertake surveillance missions over the Black Sea. Starting next year, Romania also hopes to head a multinational force there. The UK, Canada and Poland will send aircraft to be based in the Romanian southeastern Mihail Kogalniceanu air base. 
Romania, Bulgaria and Turkey are also expected to come forward with a plan to increase naval and air patrols in the area by the beginning of 2017. The US supports the Romania's initiative to establish a multinational naval brigade in the region. The plans on enhancing Black Sea presence will be finalized during another meeting of NATO's defense ministers in February. The proposals on two basic elements for the maritime component – a strengthened training framework and a coordination body for the Black Sea that reports to the specialized NATO command – are expected to be submitted for consideration by that time. 
Sofia and Bucharest would work together and define their takes on the increased NATO deployment in the Black Sea by December. With the naval brigade on the agenda, Bulgaria has agreed to participate with 400 troops in the multinational brigade in Romania. The unit is intended to facilitate the flow of forces throughout the region. 
According to Doug Lute, US ambassador to NATO, that amounts to a new land presence in NATO's southeast. Romania calls for a regular trilateral format of joint naval exercises in the Black Sea, along with Turkey and Bulgaria, with the eventual participation of non-littoral NATO members. US servicemen conduct periodic training exercises on Romanian and Bulgarian firing ranges. 
NATO General Secretary Jens Stoltenberg said Georgia and Ukraine will be fully involved in the plans. According to him, «It is important to have close contact with partner countries like Ukraine and Georgia—being non-NATO members but NATO partners—and to dialogue with them regarding our increased presence in the Black Sea». 
In September, US and Bulgarian aircraft launched joint regular patrols in the Black Sea. The patrolling mission greatly increases the risk of an accident, especially with the Russian S-400 long range systems stationed in Crimea. 
A NATO naval task force permanently deployed in the Black Sea will require non-Black Sea states to rotate their ships every 21 days, raising the cost of the operation, in line with the provisions of the Montreux Convention (1936). Bulgarian, Romanian, Ukrainian and Georgian navies can hardly make a significant contribution. It will put on the agenda the need for major NATO seafaring members hand over some of their own warships to them. One of the ideas under consideration is reflagging some NATO naval assets under the three Black Sea members' flags to boost permanent naval capabilities in the theater. Politically, bringing together NATO and non-NATO ships together under one operational control is a highly provocative step towards Russia. 
US destroyers and cruisers visit the Black Sea from time to time to provide NATO with long range first strike capability. The Romania-based BMD system uses the Mk-41 launcher capable of firing Tomahawk long range precision-guided missiles against land assets. 
The NATO's decision to beef up its presence in the Black Sea comes just four months after it unveiled the deployment of 4,000 soldiers to the Baltic republics and Poland, backed up by a rapid reaction force of some 40,000 troops capable of reaching the region in days. Romania already hosts a ballistic missile defense (BMD) with the plans under way to have another operational BMD system deployed on Polish soil in 2018. 
The NATO plans are doomed to be counterproductive bringing more escalatory than deterrent value. They will inevitably provoke Russia into taking measures in response. The Black Sea will become a region of uncontrollable arms race. For instance, with the NATO Aegis Ashore BMD system deployed, Romania has become a target for Russia's military as it had been warned. 
Rather symbolically the announcement of the plans coincided with the news that Russia launched on October 26 Veliky Novgorod super-stealth submarine capable of striking land, sea and underwater targets - the latest addition to Russia's Black Sea Fleet. Kolpino - another Varshavyanka-class submarine – will be launched in November. 
The Russian territory is protected by Russia's Bastion-P (K-300P) anti-ship coastal defense missile systems equipped with Onyx missiles. 
These Mach 2.6 supersonic missiles are highly maneuverable, difficult to detect and have a range of nearly 300 kilometers. With the help of the Monolith-B radar station, the system is capable of obtaining over-the-horizon target designation many miles beyond the horizon. The long range cruise missile capable Su-24 supersonic attack aircraft are already deployed in Crimea. By deploying a naval group to the Black Sea, NATO puts it at risk. 
The militarization of the region against the background of high tensions is a very negative trend. An accident may spark a big fire. The just announced NATO plans testify to the intention of NATO's leadership to turn the Black Sea into a "NATO lake" permanently patrolled by a naval task flotilla with air cover in the proximity of Russian border. The October 26-27 NATO defense ministers' meeting illustrated the fact that the alliance is shifting to a Cold War-era security framework . 
The decision to militarize the Black Sea will make Russia and NATO balance on the brink of conflict instead of joining together in the fight against terrorists - the common enemy. The costly effort will require a lot of time and effort to make the world less safe.

ARTICLE

Taming the corporate media beast Biden Doesn't Stand a Chance. Clinton's Secretary of State Will Be Vicky Nuland Originally appeared at The American Conservative 
Joe Biden is reportedly being considered for Secretary of State in a Clinton administration: 
Joe Biden is at the top of the internal short list Hillary Clinton's transition team is preparing for her pick to be secretary of state, a source familiar with the planning tells POLITICO. 
If Biden is on such a list, I doubt he is at the top of it, and my guess is that he wouldn't be the nominee in any case. There are other likely choices, including Victoria Nuland, that would be a better fit with Clinton and would be even more likely to share her foreign policy priorities. Kelley Vlahos reported earlier this year on Nuland's record: 
Where will Victoria Nuland be after January? Nuland is one of Hillary Clinton's protégés at the State Department, and she is also greatly admired by hardline Republicans. This suggests she would be easily approved by Congress as secretary of state or maybe even national-security adviser—which in turn suggests that her foreign-policy views deserve a closer look. 
If Nuland can be considered a Clinton protege, Biden is more of a rival. During the first Obama term, Biden and Clinton were frequently on opposing sides of internal foreign policy debates, and in his 2015 announcement that he wouldn't run for president Biden offered what I took to be a rebuke of Clinton's more aggressive foreign policy positioning: 
We have to accept the fact that we can't solve all of the world's problems. We can't solve many of them alone. 
The argument that we just have to do something when bad people do bad things isn't good enough. It's not a good enough reason for American intervention and to put our sons and daughters' lives on the line, put them at risk. 
Probably their most significant disagreement was over intervention in Libya: Clinton was a major supporter, and Biden saw no compelling reason for the U.S. to intervene. Biden has a fairly hawkish record over the last twenty years, but even he couldn't see why the U.S. should get involved there. As recently as June, he was publicly claiming vindication for opposing an intervention that Clinton touts as 'smart power at its best.' I don't see why she would want Biden as her Secretary of State, and I definitely don't see why he would want to serve in her administration.

ARTICLE

Bias bashers Ukraine Stunned as Vast Cash Reserves of Political Elite Are Made Public 
Ukraine is the latest country to discover that cronyism and corruption in politics pays - a lot - and is very unhappy about it. Originally appeared at Zero Hedge 
As a result of an anti-corruption reform requiring senior Ukrainian officials to declare their wealth online, the local population has been been exposed to the vast difference between the fortunes of politicians and those they represent. 
As Reuters reports , some declared millions of dollars in cash. Others said they owned fleets of luxury cars, expensive Swiss watches, diamond jewelry and large tracts of land - revelations that will crush public confidence in the authorities in Ukraine, where the average salary is just over $200 per month. Officials had until Sunday to upload details of their assets and income in 2015 to a publicly searchable database, part of an International Monetary Fund-backed drive to boost transparency and modernise Ukraine's recession-hit economy. 
As in the US, the corruption starts (and ends) at the top, and the value of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko's assets soared despite economic crisis and conflict while those of other tycoons shrank in an annual wealth list published Friday. The 50-year-old Western-backed president 's business empire ranges from chocolates to media holdings still under his control. Poroshenko - a prominent fixture of the Panama Papers - retains control of a top TV channel and has failed to follow through on his promise to sell off his Roshen chocolate empire due to a lack of foreign interest and a dearth of rich-enough investors in Ukraine itself. 
The Novoye Vremya weekly showed the Ukrainian leader, often criticised for failing to curb the political powers of fellow tycoons, ranked as the country's sixth-richest man. Perhaps Poroshenko should be more criticized for focusing mostly on his own net worth at the expense of the general population: his reported assets rose by 20% to $979 million, only just supporting his claim he is no longer a billionaire. 
The president's official spokesman did not pick up his phone when contacted repeatedly by AFP. 
How did Poroshenko's wealth grow by hundreds of millions? Chocolate. 
"Poroshenko's (wealth) rose thanks to the rise in value of his candy business that- even in the midst of the deepest of crises - is developing quickly, building new capacities and conquering new markets," the weekly said. 
Poroshenko promotes himself as a Western-style businessman who built his empire from the ground up and kept to transparency standards that most others simply ignored. Many of Ukraine's other mega-rich scooped up their holdings at cut-price rates in pre-arranged privatisation deals in which which they rewarded the government by funding its parliamentary parties and campaigning for them in the media. 
Now, the people finally are starting to see right through it: "This will not benefit the president's ratings or help improve Ukraine's image as a nation run by oligarchs," Vadym Karasyov of Kiev's Institute of Global Strategies told AFP. 
Poroshenko is not the only oligarch to take advantage of the "crony capitalist chaos" unleash in Ukraine with the US-backed 2014 presidential coup. Prime Minister Voldymyr Groysman, who last week likened the declarations process to jumping out of an airplane, revealed that he and his wife had a total of $1.2 million and 460,000 euros in cash and a collection of luxury watches. 
The database also shows that Groysman, a former businessman and provincial mayor, is not alone in preferring to keep much of his money out of Ukraine's banking system. Reuters calculations based on the declarations show that the 24 members of the Ukrainian cabinet together have nearly $7 million, just in cash . 
The declarations of two brothers in President Petro Poroshenko's faction, Bohdan and Yaroslav Dubnevych, show holdings of over $26 million, also in cash only . 
"When the Economy Ministry says that in some areas around 60 percent of the economy is in the shadows, then this is accounted for by the volume of cash registered by civil servants, officials and lawmakers," said Taras Kachka, deputy executive director at George Soros's International Renaissance Foundation. "This is a reflection on the state of our society." 
Justice Minister Pavlo Petrenko, who declared $1 million in a bank account and a further $500,000 in cash, said officials' decision to hold cash pointed to a mistrust in the banks that many Ukrainians could relate to. It also points to a burning desire not to have one's wealth easily confiscatable when another political regime emerges. 
"Of course to EU countries it seems uncivilised that people hold cash," he said. "But it is linked to the fact that the banking system could, let's say, be doing better. This is a problem for many Ukrainians who lost their savings in the bank." 
* * * 
Not everyone's wealth is soaring, however. The wealth list is topped by 49-year-old metals magnate Rinat Akhmetov, a controversial figure accused by some local media of impeding Poroshenko's efforts to halt the 18-month war in the pro-Russian east. Novoye Vremya said Akhmetov's fortunes had plunged by 56 percent to $4.5 billion due in part to the sharp recent fall in global commodity prices. 
Poroshenko's sworn political foe and banking giant Igor Kolomoyskiy came in third with an estimated fortune of $1.9 billion. The 52-year-old grey-bearded and fiercely outspoken figure finds himself in the peculiar position of being at odds with both Kiev and Moscow. Russia's state media accuse him of funding Ukrainian neo-Nazi combat units that commit grave crimes in the separatist east. 
Poroshenko's fight against Kolomoyskiy began with efforts to strip him of his indirect control of a state-owned oil company and culminated in the businessman losing his seat as governor of the industrially important Dnipropetrovsk region in March. Kolomoyskiy's wealth reportedly slipped by 17 percent due to the country's financial woes. 
* * * 
While the online declaration system has been intended to represent a show of good faith that officials are willing to open their finances up to public scrutiny, to be held accountable, and to move away from a culture that tacitly allowed bureaucrats to amass wealth through cronyism and graft, the public reaction has been one of shocked dismay at the extravagant lifestyles conjured up by many of the disclosures according to Reuters . 
"We did not expect that this would be such a widespread phenomenon among state officials. I can't imagine there is a European politician who invests money in a wine collection where one bottle costs over $10,000," said Vitaliy Shabunin, the head of the non-governmental Anti-Corruption Action Center. 
Something tells us Vitaliy would be surprised, although considering that some European politicans are "allegedly" even more corrupt than their Ukrainian peers, a similar exercise in transparency would never take place in Brussels as it would lead to revelations that put the Panama Papers to shame. 
Among the disclosures, it emerged that opposition bloc lawmaker Mikhail Dobkin's declaration included 1,780 bottles of wine and an antique copy of Russian novel Anna Karenina worth at least $5,500. Roman Nasirov, the head of the State Fiscal Service, disclosed that he and his wife owned Swiss watches, diamond jewellery, fur coats, fine porcelain and crystal glassware, an assault rifle and cash in euros and dollars worth $2.2 million. 
The declaration of Oleh Lyashko, the head of the populist Radical party who has styled himself as a representative of the common man, showed he rented a house and land in Kiev's most exclusive district and his household had cash worth the equivalent of over $1 million. 
* * * 
Other forms give an insight into particular hobbies and interests of Ukraine's elite. Ihor Hryniv, the head of Poroshenko's faction, has a collection of icons dating from the 14th century and several works by Ukrainian impressionist masters. Lawmaker Ihor Mosiychuk declared an array of antique weapons, including a 16th century Turkish scimitar, an English broadsword and a Nazi SS dagger . 
Many senior politicians filed their forms in the last two days before the deadline, resulting in a crescendo of surprise and anger on social media over the weekend. 
Some of the angriest responses came from members of the army. 
"I personally feel unwell. Or rather, like someone who has been beaten and is therefore unwell. I had no illusions about our political and official elite. But all the same, what's come out is beyond the pale ," Roman Donik, a volunteer to Ukraine's frontline troops, said on Facebook. 
Needless to say, Ukraine's corrupt politicians better watch out: the last group they want to anger with their show of wealth is the army, which will have no problem in "redistributing" it once . 
Actually, they should probably avoid any public contact for a while: the average Ukrainian citizen has been hit hard by the economic crisis that unfolded in the wake of the 2014 pro-European 'Maidan' uprising and subsequent pro-Russian separatist conflict. The national hryvnia currency has plummeted to 25 to the dollar from 8 in 2013 and energy tariffs have soared under the IMF-backed economic reform programme. 
As Reuters concludes, the latest revelations will likely add to public dissatisfaction with the current leadership's progress on reforms. A September poll showed that only 12.6 percent would now vote for Poroshenko's faction, down from 21.8 in the last election. Meanwhile support for populist and opposition parties has risen. The anti-corruption agency says it will now start verifying the declarations, but with over 100,000 forms submitted, it is unclear how thorough the process can be. 
* * * 
Ukraine's economy is on track to shrink by about 12 percent this year and only return to marginal growth should the eastern campaign end in 2016. 
So what's next: a presidential coup that brings back the ousted President Yanukovych under whom most were just as poor, but at least equally so? While purely hypothetical, it would be a fitting end to yet another disastrous US intervention in a foreign state's internal affairs.

ARTICLE

Citizen journalism with a punch German Panzers to Rumble Once More Along Russian Borders 
Germany confirms it will be sending Leopard 2 tanks to Lithuania Originally appeared at Defence Talk 
Germany has confirmed it is sending Leopard 2 tanks to Lithuania as part of NATO plans to reinforce the Baltic states. But the presence is largely symbolic, since Russia is still militarily superior in the region. 
Protecting Lithuania from Russia is to be Germany's responsibility, according to the new NATO defense plans that emerged at this week's summit in Brussels. The German Defense Ministry showed on Wednesday evening just how seriously it is taking this task, confirming to the DPA news agency that next year it will be sending Leopard 2 tanks to the Baltic country's Russian border in addition to the 650 soldiers it had already promised – though it would not clarify how many. 
The move is part of NATO's wider plan to protect its Baltic members, who have all shown concern about Russian ambitions following the annexation of Crimea in 2014 and the subsequent war in eastern Ukraine. 
A NATO battalion of around 1,000 soldiers will be stationed in Lithuania as of June next year, and will then be rotated every six months. Around 450 to 650 of these troops are to be supplied by the Bundeswehr, while the others will come from France, Belgium and Croatia. German media reported that the combat-trained unit will also be equipped with tanks, armored vehicles, snipers, and engineers. 
Defending the defensive measures 
Each of the alliance's major powers is sending troops to bolster the defenses of the countries bordering Russia, so while Germany is helping Lithuania, Poland will be protected by the US, Latvia to be manned by the Canadians, and Britain is to help reinforce Estonia. 
The plans are likely to further antagonize Russia, whose government has criticized NATO's military plans in the region before. 'The alliance is concentrating its forces on limiting a non-existent threat from the East,' the Russian Foreign Ministry said in the summer. 
German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen defended the measures, calling the deployment 'exactly appropriate' and 'defensive.''This is a clear signal that an attack on one NATO country will be considered an attack on all 28 NATO countries,' she said.NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg also indicated that the mission was a response to Russian aggression. 'Russia is prepared to use its military power,' he said in Brussels. 'It is necessary for NATO to answer that.' 
Gustav Gressel, Russia specialist at the European Council on Foreign Relations, believes that NATO's new plans are actually fairly measured, given the circumstances. 'Russia still enjoys military superiority in that area of about five-to-one,' he told DW. 'It's not at all an offensive threat against the Russians – but rather a cautious, small-scale reaction to the build-up and military mobilization Russia has been undergoing. It doesn't change the military balance in the Baltics.' 
Stoltenberg said NATO had no choice but to respond 
In fact, the Baltic states would have liked NATO to commit more troops to their border areas, Gressel argued. 'Since 2009, Russia has trained its forces in scenarios of invading the Baltic countries,' he said. 'For the Baltic countries, this is a real thing, this is not something that might at some point happen.' 
Even though it is economically isolated and can ill afford to take new territory, Russia's political system requires shows of military power for its own population, Gressel argued. 'It is increasingly difficult to predict what Russia will do, or when Russia will perceive military provocation. So you'd rather be on the safe side and signal to Russia that there is no free ride in the Baltics.' 
But at the same time, NATO is trying to strike a balance. 'You have to hedge against the risk that Russia gets adventurous,' he said. 'But on the other hand, you don't want to maneuver Russia into its self-fulfilling prophecies of a threat. In my view, Russia's saber-rattling is for domestic consumption and their military knows that NATO is not going to invade.' 
Germany has contributed to NATO's biggest rearmament drive since the end of the Cold War, last year ordering an extra 100 Leopard 2 tanks – mostly by modifying previously decommissioned vehicles. At the same time, the upper limit of 225 tanks that had been agreed as part of the military reform of 2011 was increased to 328.

ARTICLE

Taming the corporate media beast How Putin Derailed the West's Grand Project to Remake the World 
The improbable alliance of Russia, Syria, Iran and Hezbollah has checked Washington's grand project to remake the world by erasing borders, liquidating states, and removing strong, secular leaders. Originally appeared at CounterPunch 
'Nation state as a fundamental unit of man's organized life has ceased to be the principal creative force: International banks and multinational corporations are acting and planning in terms that are far in advance of the political concepts of the nation-state.' 
— Zbigniew Brzezinski, 'Between Two Ages: The Technetronic Era', 1971 
'I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria….not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees, but to gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians.' 
— Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Third Presidential Debate 
Why is Hillary Clinton so eager to intensify US involvement in Syria when US interventions in Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya have all gone so terribly wrong? 
The answer to this question is simple. It's because Clinton doesn't think that these interventions went wrong. And neither do any of the other members of the US foreign policy establishment. (aka–The Borg). In fact, in their eyes these wars have been a rousing success. Sure, a few have been critical of the public relations backlash from the nonexistent WMD in Iraq, (or the logistical errors, like disbanding the Iraqi Army) but–for the most part– the foreign policy establishment is satisfied with its efforts to destabilize the region and remove leaders that refuse to follow Washington's diktats. 
This is hard for ordinary people to understand. They can't grasp why elite powerbrokers would want to transform functioning, stable countries into uninhabitable wastelands overrun by armed extremists, sectarian death squads and foreign-born terrorists. Nor can they understand what has been gained by Washington's 15 year-long rampage across the Middle East and Central Asia that has turned a vast swathe of strategic territory into a terrorist breeding grounds? What is the purpose of all this? 
First, we have to acknowledge that the decimation and de facto balkanization of these countries is part of a plan. If it wasn't part of a plan, than the decision-makers would change the policy. But they haven't changed the policy. The policy is the same. The fact that the US is using foreign-born jihadists to pursue regime change in Syria as opposed to US troops in Iraq, is not a fundamental change in the policy. The ultimate goal is still the decimation of the state and the elimination of the existing government. This same rule applies to Libya and Afghanistan both of which have been plunged into chaos by Washington's actions. 
But why? What is gained by destroying these countries and generating so much suffering and death? 
Here's what I think: I think Washington is involved in a grand project to remake the world in a way that better meets the needs of its elite constituents, the international banks and multinational corporations. Brzezinski not only refers to this in the opening quote, he also explains what is taking place: The nation-state is being jettisoned as the foundation upon which the global order rests . 
Instead, Washington is erasing borders, liquidating states, and removing strong, secular leaders that can mount resistance to its machinations in order to impose an entirely new model on the region, a new world order. The people who run these elite institutions want to create an interconnected-global free trade zone overseen by the proconsuls of Big Capital, in other words, a global Eurozone that precludes the required state institutions (like a centralized treasury, mutual debt, federal transfers) that would allow the borderless entity to function properly. 
Deep state powerbrokers who set policy behind the smokescreen of our bought-and-paid-for congress think that one world government is an achievable goal provided they control the world's energy supplies, the world's reserve currency and become the dominant player in this century's most populous and prosperous region, Asia. This is essentially what Hillary's 'pivot' to Asia is all about. 
The basic problem with Washington's NWO plan is that a growing number of powerful countries are still attached to the old world order and are now prepared to defend it. This is what's really going on in Syria, the improbable alliance of Russia, Syria, Iran and Hezbollah have stopped the US military juggernaut dead in its tracks. The unstoppable force has hit the immovable object and the immovable object has prevailed…so far. 
Naturally, the foreign policy establishment is upset about these new developments, and for good reason. The US has run the world for quite a while now, so the rolling back of US policy in Syria is as much a surprise as it is a threat. The Russian Airforce deployed to Syria a full year ago in September, but only recently has Washington shown that it's prepared to respond by increasing its support of its jihadists agents on the ground and by mounting an attack on ISIS in the eastern part of the country, Raqqa. 
But the real escalation is expected to take place when Hillary Clinton becomes president in 2017. That's when the US will directly engage Russia militarily, assuming that their tit-for-tat encounters will be contained within Syria's borders. It's a risky plan, but it's the next logical step in this bloody fiasco. Neither party wants a nuclear war, but Washington believes that doing nothing is tantamount to backing down, therefore, Hillary and her neocon advisors can be counted on to up the ante. 'No-fly zone', anyone? 
The assumption is that eventually, and with enough pressure, Putin will throw in the towel. But this is another miscalculation. Putin is not in Syria because he wants to be nor is he there because he values his friendship with Syrian President Bashar al Assad. That's not it at all. Putin is in Syria because he has no choice. Russia's national security is at stake. If Washington's strategy of deploying terrorists to topple Assad succeeds, then the same ploy will be attempted in Iran and Russia. Putin knows this, just like he knows that the scourge of foreign-backed terrorism can decimate entire regions like Chechnya. He knows that it's better for him to kill these extremists in Aleppo than it will be in Moscow. So he can't back down, that's not an option. 
But, by the same token, he can compromise, in other words, his goals and the goals of Assad do not perfectly coincide. For example, he could very well make territorial concessions to the US for the sake of peace that Assad might not support. 
But why would he do that? Why wouldn't he continue to fight until every inch of Syria's sovereign territory is recovered? 
Because it's not in Russia's national interest to do so, that's why. Putin has never tried to conceal the fact that he's in Syria to protect Russia's national security. That's his main objective. But he's not an idealist, he's a pragmatist who'll do whatever he has to to end the war ASAP. That means compromise. 
This doesn't matter to the Washington warlords….yet. But it will eventually. Eventually there will be an accommodation of some sort. No one is going to get everything they want, that much is certain. For example, it's impossible to imagine that Putin would launch a war on Turkey to recover the territory that Turkish troops now occupy in N Syria. In fact, Putin may have already conceded as much to Turkish president Tayyip Erdogan in their recent meetings. But that doesn't mean that Putin doesn't have his red lines. He does. Aleppo is a red line. Turkish troops will not be allowed to enter Aleppo. 
The western corridor, the industrial and population centers are all red lines. On these, there will be no compromise. Putin will help Assad remain in power and keep the country largely intact. But will Turkey control sections in the north, and will the US control sections in the east? 
Probably. This will have to be worked out in negotiations, but its unlikely that the country's borders will be the same as they were before the war broke out. Putin will undoubtedly settle for a halfloaf provided the fighting ends and security is restored. In any event, he's not going to hang around until the last dog is hung. 
Unfortunately, we're a long way from any settlement in Syria, mainly because Washington is nowhere near accepting the fact that its project to rule the world has been derailed. That's the crux of the matter, isn't it? The bigshots who run the country are still in denial. It hasn't sunk in yet that the war is lost and that their nutty jihadist-militia plan has failed. 
It's going to take a long time before Washington gets the message that the world is no longer its oyster. The sooner they figure it out, the better it'll be for everyone.

