ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
When you imagine partisan government overreach, it's hard not to think about the Bush administration, especially when it comes to ignoring the law to accomplish their goals (think 'enhanced interrogation'). When they tell the FBI they've gone too far, well, the FBI had better listen. 
In an Op-Ed in the New York Times , Richard Painter, George W. Bush's White House ethics lawyer from 2005 – 2007, wrote about his problems with the FBI's latest investigation of Hillary Clinton and, most surprisingly, he's taking legal action to stop it. According to Painter, it's an abuse of power. 
(I)t would be highly improper, and an abuse of power, for the F.B.I. to conduct such an investigation in the public eye, particularly on the eve of the election. It would be an abuse of power for the director of the F.B.I., absent compelling circumstances, to notify members of Congress from the party opposing the candidate that the candidate or his associates were under investigation. It would be an abuse of power if F.B.I. agents went so far as to obtain a search warrant and raid the candidate's office tower, hauling out boxes of documents and computers in front of television cameras. 
The F.B.I.'s job is to investigate, not to influence the outcome of an election. 
Beyond that, Painter says it's against the law, the Hatch Act in particular, to try to influence the outcome of an election. On that basis, Painter is taking action. George W. Bush's ethics lawyer filed a complaint yesterday against the FBI for violations of the Hatch Act. Via NYT: https://t.co/cXbs2xFYxj pic.twitter.com/3FbVRCPTyi 
— Nick Gourevitch (@nickgourevitch) October 30, 2016 
And that is why, on Saturday, I filed a complaint against the F.B.I. with the Office of Special Counsel, which investigates Hatch Act violations, and with the Office of Government Ethics. I have spent much of my career working on government ethics and lawyers' ethics, including two and a half years as the chief White House ethics lawyer for President George W. Bush, and I never thought that the F.B.I. could be dragged into a political circus surrounding one of its investigations. Until this week. 
The Hatch Act specifically prohibits government officials, with the exception of the President, the Vice President and a handful of others from engaging in political activities. Painter is particularly concerned about the fact that FBI director James Comey has made comments about Hillary Clinton in the past, such as his statement that Clinton's handling of classified information was 'extremely careless.' 
What seems 'extremely careless' is the way Comey has handled this investigation. 
On Friday, the director of the F.B.I., James B. Comey, sent to members of Congress a letter updating them on developments in the agency's investigation of Mrs. Clinton's emails, an investigation which supposedly was closed months ago. This letter, which was quickly posted on the internet, made highly unusual public statements about an F.B.I. investigation concerning a candidate in the election. The letter was sent in violation of a longstanding Justice Department policy of not discussing specifics about pending investigations with others, including members of Congress. According to some news reports on Saturday, the letter was sent before the F.B.I. had even obtained the search warrant that it needed to look at the newly discovered emails. And it was sent days before the election, at a time when many Americans are already voting. 
Painter notes that Comey's intent doesn't matter. He violated the rules simply by taking the actions that could influence the election and frankly, there was no reason for Comey to release those emails, which aren't even directly tied to Clinton, now. 
He finished his op-ed with a dire warning to Americans: 
This is no trivial matter. We cannot allow F.B.I. or Justice Department officials to unnecessarily publicize pending investigations concerning candidates of either party while an election is underway. That is an abuse of power. Allowing such a precedent to stand will invite more, and even worse, abuses of power in the future. 
Painter isn't alone in sharing this concern about Comey. Before these latest emails, Politico published an op-ed comparing Comey to the notorious J. Edgar Hoover , who was the first FBI director, who was perhaps best known for using questionable tactics to bring down dissidents. 
Since taking office, Comey has repeatedly injected his views into executive branch deliberations on issues such as sentencing reform and the roots of violence against police officers. He has undermined key presidential priorities such as crafting a coherent federal policy on cybersecurity and encryption. Most recently, he shattered longstanding precedent by publicly offering his own conclusions about the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's email. (The FBI did not respond to a request for comment.) 
It would be difficult to argue—in terms of temperament, manner, or motivation—that he is, or ever will be, the next J. Edgar Hoover. But increasing numbers of critics believe he has displayed a worrying disregard for the rules and norms that have constrained all but one of his predecessors, straying with blithe confidence—and with increasing regularity—across the fine line that separates independence from unaccountability. 
If nothing else, this election year has shown us something completely unprecedented and completely undemocratic. It's not just that Comey is influencing the election, he's using emails stolen by a foreign government to influence an election. As Donald Trump says, this is ' worse than Watergate ,' just not in the way Trump thinks. 
ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
Over the course of the presidential campaign, Donald Trump has found himself on the wrong side of issues relating to U.S. military veterans. Trump, unlike even other Republicans, has insulted veterans and used them as props to boost his campaign. 
With less than a week to go until the presidential election, Trump is back to his old dirty tricks with veterans. With Medal of Honor recipients seated behind him, Donald Trump tells supporters: "I'm brave — financially brave." https://t.co/uWUUhCtQso pic.twitter.com/EDd7F0PLHT 
— ABC News (@ABC) November 4, 2016 
The Republican presidential candidate was listing the Medal of Honor recipients at the rally, when he stopped and said, 'Oh, they're so much more brave than me. I wouldn't have done what they did.' 
But, that self-deprecation didn't last long. 
'I'm brave in other ways,' he said at the rally in Selma, a town 45 miles southeast of Raleigh. 'I'm brave — I'm financially brave. Big deal, right? These are real brave.' 
Medal of Honor honorees are given their medals for demonstrating extraordinary valor in combat, under fire. By comparison Trump has always led a life of privilege, including the way he avoided being drafted to serve in Vietnam, by citing mysterious 'bone spurs' that disqualified him from going into the armed forces. Coincidentally, those debilitating 'bone spurs' never showed up on Trump's official medical records. 
Other instances of Trump insulting the military include his attack on Khizr Khan, the father of a U.S. Army captain who was killed in Iraq. Trump claimed that he had suffered 'sacrifices' like the Khans as well, while building luxury apartments and hosting a reality TV show. 
Trump insulted Senator John McCain, who spent years in a Vietnamese POW camp. When he disagreed with McCain, Trump said he liked soldiers 'who don't get captured,' spitting in the face of the hundreds of prisoners of war. 
The nominee also used veterans as human shields while he was feuding with Fox News. Trump claimed he was holding a fundraiser for veterans when he decided to boycott a primary debate co-moderated by Megyn Kelly. But it turned out he never bothered to donate the money he had promised veterans until he was publicly shamed on being a cheapskate by the Washington Post . 
Featured image via screen capture
ARTICLE


According to Reuters: 
'The new emails turned up as FBI investigators were examining electronic devices used by former Democratic Representative Anthony Weiner in connection with an alleged 'sexting' scandal. Weiner's estranged wife, Huma Abedin, is a Clinton confidante.' 
According to two law enforcement sources, there is a group of investigators within the FBI's New York Field Office – the office that discovered the recent Anthony Weiner emails – that are hostile toward Clinton – and it is believed that this faction is behind the recent media leaks about the ongoing Clinton Foundation investigation. 
One thing is for sure – if Clinton wins the election on Tuesday, the Democratic Party will undoubtedly be launching an investigation into the FBI, and it would be more than ironic if the most memorable scandal of the 2016 election ends up being about the FBI, instead of Clinton's emails. 
Apparently, Trump supporter Rudy Giuliani – the former mayor of New York City – might have some involvement in it as well: 
It is a clear violation of the law by these FBI agents in an attempt to influence a presidential election. If any Democrats were thinking about staying home on election day, this should really inspire them to do the opposite. 
Clinton needs every vote now, as people are going to ridiculous lengths to make this election work for Trump, who is currently losing in the polls. Clinton is facing more opposition and obstacles than any presidential candidate has ever dealt with, and even those in power are abusing their authority to get her insane opponent into the White House. 
ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
Republican Donald Trump has never been good at controlling his anger, and the same goes for his insane jealousy. 
Last night, Jay Z and Beyonce shared the stage with Hillary Clinton at a concert in Cleveland, Ohio. The A-list couple showed Clinton a stunning amount of support, followed by a powerful speech by the Democratic candidate herself. It was a monumental moment, and Trump hated every second of it. 
At a rally of his own, Trump couldn't hide the fact that he was green with envy. Trump said: 
'We're going to do it, folks. We're going to do it. Oh boy, are we going to win Pennsylvania big. Look at this. I hear we set a new record for this building. And by the way, I didn't have to bring J Lo or Jay Z, the only way she gets anybody. I'm here all by myself. I am here all by myself. Just me. No guitar, no piano, no nothing.' 
Trump didn't even try to hide how sorry he felt for himself, and it was obvious that he was trying really hard not to completely lose it over the fact that no one likes him and almost no celebrities want to be affiliated with him. You can watch Trump give his pathetic, desperate speech below: 
Trump's bullsh*t campaign is finally coming to an end. He spent the beginning of his campaign promising America that he'd run a star-studded campaign, and he has almost nothing to show for it almost a year later. Not even his own Republican colleagues wanted to appear with him on the campaign trail, forcing Trump to go it alone. 
Of course Trump is jealous and bitter. While Clinton doesn't need the support of the massive amount of celebrities who have endorsed her, their support is a clear sign that she is doing something right and her campaign is something worth standing by. You can watch Beyonce and Jay Z stand with Clinton below: 
Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images Patti Colli My passion is bringing attention to human rights and equality issues. In addition to writing for New Century Times and other political platforms, I also run a website and digital magazine dedicated to social issues and promoting equality in all forms. Post navigation
ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
President Obama is just weeks away from leaving office. Our biggest nightmare, backed by a fully Republican Congress, is about to take over. What that means, other than a far more hateful environment throughout the nation, is that a lot of people will lose a lot. Millions will lose healthcare. They don't care. The national parks could be put on the auction block. They don't care. Republicans have already started stripping seniors of their healthcare, and don't let them try to sell you on the benefits of privatization. There aren't any. 
House Speaker Paul Ryan appeared on Special Report on Fox with Bret Baier. Ryan, now that he has a Republican in the White House, is set to start right away repealing the Affordable Care Act even Medicare. Well, he wants to privatize Medicare. 
'Your solution has always been to put things together, including entitlement reform,' says Baier, using Republican code for privatizing Medicare. Ryan replies, 'If you're going to repeal and replace Obamacare, you have to address those issues as well. … Medicare has got some serious issues because of Obamacare. So those things are part of our plan to replace Obamacare.' 
Ryan tells Baier, 'Because of Obamacare, Medicare is going broke.' This is false. In fact, it's the complete opposite of the truth. The Medicare trust fund has been extended 11 years as a result of the passage of Obamacare, whose cost reforms have helped bring health care inflation to historic lows. It is also untrue that repealing Obamacare requires changing traditional Medicare. But Ryan clearly believes he needs to make this claim in order to sell his plan, or probably even to convince fellow Republicans to support it. 
Source: Reverb Press 
Here's the video: 
Ryan, as usual, has it completely backwards. The Affordable Care Act is keeping Medicare afloat. Medicare is also solvent until 2028 and it's an easy fix to keep it solvent beyond that. 
Health reform, along with other factors, has significantly improved Medicare's financial outlook, boosting revenues and making the program more efficient. The HI trust fund is now projected to remain solvent 11 years longer than before the Affordable Care Act was enacted. And the HI program's projected 75-year shortfall of 0.73 percent of taxable payroll is much less than the 3.88 percent of payroll that the trustees estimated before health reform. (See Figure 1.) This means that Congress could close the projected funding gap by raising the Medicare payroll tax — now 1.45 percent each for employers and employees — to about 1.8 percent, or by enacting an equivalent mix of program cuts and tax increases. 
Source: Center on Budget and Policy Priorities 
What privatization would mean to seniors is that instead of direct coverage, they would get subsidies from which seniors would have to buy their own insurance. Now, let's forget for a moment that the subsidies will probably not be enough to pay for private coverage, which is much, much more expensive, but if the Affordable Care Act is overturned, it will mean that preexisting conditions will be back. It's a rare senior (or person) who doesn't have at least one preexisting condition. In other words, privatizing Medicare will be a huge giveaway to insurance companies, but seniors will be screwed. 
ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
There's no doubt about it – the election of Donald Trump to be the next President of the United States has riled up the reality television star's hateful supporters – hate crimes have dramatically increased across the country. To add to the fear and frustration that many Americans are feeling, the Republican Party doesn't even have the guts to admit that the divisive rhetoric it has been spewing for decades has contributed to not only Trump's rise, but the hateful attitudes that helped him get elected. 
This denial and lack of responsibility was on full display on CNN's State of the Union this morning, when host Jake Tapper interviewed Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. When Tapper cornered Ryan and asked him to speak to the people who are afraid of the violence and hate crimes against minorities and women that have occurred post-election, Ryan said: 
'First of all, I hate it that people feel this way. And second of all, they should not. I think people should be rest assured, America is a pluralistic inclusive country. It is, it has been and it will continue to be. So, I really think people should put their minds at ease.' 
Tapper pressed him, reminding him that this was a serious, nationwide issue. Ryan responded by shocking Tapper and Americans when he denied that the GOP had any role in it, stating that the Trump supporters that were responsible for these awful acts aren't Republicans. 
'That's terrible. By the way, that's not Republicans. We are the party of Lincoln. People who espouse those views, they're not Republicans. We don't want them in our party even if they're thinking about it.' 
For the record, these attackers ARE most certainly conservatives whose main goal is to Make America White Again – there is no getting around this fact. And just when you thought Ryan couldn't be any more full of sh*t, he said: 
'And I'm confident Donald Trump feels the same way.' 
Is he serious? Ryan and many other prominent Republicans have spent the last several months condemning Trump for his racism and hateful, divisive rhetoric – and even then, they were complete cowards. These GOPers distanced themselves from his actions, but never had enough of a backbone to actually do what was right and vote against him. Their loyalty to their hateful, discriminatory party has always prevented them from doing the right thing, and thanks to them we will now have a racist misogynist leading our country. 
You can watch the interview below: 
For Republican leaders to deny responsibility in what is now happening in our country is repulsive. They created a political climate that allowed Trump to thrive, and they supported a presidential candidate who encouraged the very violence and discrimination that we are now seeing. The GOP will not be forgiven, and they should not be able to pretend they didn't contribute to this mess. 
Featured image is a screenshot Patti Colli My passion is bringing attention to human rights and equality issues. In addition to writing for New Century Times and other political platforms, I also run a website and digital magazine dedicated to social issues and promoting equality in all forms. Post navigation 
ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
Republicans in Congress and perhaps across the nation are suffering today from a case of buyers remorse after Trump begins back peddling on several of his campaign promises, before he even takes office. 
Over the last few days, he backed off on his claim that he'll repeal Obamacare by saying he'd just tweak it. He's seemed to have changed his mind on prosecuting Hillary Clinton and he's no longer talking about banning Muslims. While 'drain the swamp,' which referred to Washington's culture of corruption, was one of his later campaign slogans, he's filling his cabinet posts with Washington insiders and corporate lobbyists. He's even appearing to change his mind about his signature issue, the wall between the United States and Mexico . 
One piece of Trump's campaign rhetoric was actually something that would make people's lives better and it's something that Republicans are going to hate. His proposal for student loans is radical, in that it's not a gift to Wall Street and it's even more liberal than anything President Obama has proposed. In a rally just a month ago, Trump said about student loans: 
'We would cap repayment for an affordable portion of the borrower's income, 12.5 percent, we'd cap it. That gives you a lot to play with and a lot to do,' Trump said at a rally in Columbus, Ohio, on Thursday. 'And if borrowers work hard and make their full payments for 15 years, we'll let them get on with their lives. They just go ahead and they get on with their lives.' 
'Students should not be asked to pay more on the debt than they can afford,' Trump said. 'And the debt should not be an albatross around their necks for the rest of their lives.' 
Source: Washington Post 
Trump's proposed debt forgiveness program is actually pretty similar to Obama's . Instead of a 12.5 percent cap, Obama introduced a cap of 10 percent of a graduate's income. Trump's program, though, would leave graduates with five fewer years of debt. Trump's would forgive debt after 15 years while Obama's would forgive after 10. In that one significant way, Trump's program is even more liberal than Obama's and if he carries it out, Congressional Republicans may have no choice but to turn on their party's President. 
The American Enterprise Institute is a Washington think tank who issues a lot of the marching orders of Republicans. They were the driving force behind the Iraq war and of failed trickle down economics. This is what they have to say about student loan debt forgiveness: 
'They are way off on their numbers,' said Jason Delisle, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank. 'If you were going to give loan forgiveness in 15 years, you're going to forgive a lot more debt than you're going to make up for in the form of the higher payments they're proposing, by a lot. I don't even need to run the numbers. It's so obvious.' 
Really, it's not obvious. Forgiving student debt would be a big boost to the economy because it would 1.) incentivize people to become more educated and 2.) put more money back into the economy because graduates would be free to buy more. Not that Republicans care about that, though. They prefer that graduates owe their lives to Wall Street banks and in turning his back on that, Trump is violating literally everything his party stands for.
ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
Many of us, for some time now, have been calling out the white nationalism brewing in the nation, most specifically from the Donald Trump campaign for president and many, many of his supporters. Well, now Trump has brought that white supremacy directly into the White House with who he has named as his Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor. 
Trump just named Breitbart Executive Chairman Steve Bannon to the role of Chief Strategist and that should horrify all of us. President-elect Trump to name Stephen Bannon of Breitbart his Chief Strategist & Senior Counselor 
— Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) November 13, 2016 NEW YORK, NY – NOVEMBER 09: Republican president-elect Donald Trump's campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, and Trump campaign CEO Stephen Bannon (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) 
According to Think Progress : 
'Trump also named Steve Bannon, the executive chairman of Breitbart News, as 'chief strategist and senior counselor' to the president. He will be one of Trump's closest advisers and, one can presume, one of the most powerful people in America.' 
Bannon previously served as the Trump campaign CEO, and apparently, Trump believes he should carry that role into the White House. 
While at Breitbart, Bannon gave white supremacy and the alt-right a voice, embracing it with open arms. According to the Daily Wire : 
' Andrew Breitbart despised racism. Truly despised it. He used to brag regularly about helping to integrate his fraternity at Tulane University. He insisted that racial stories be treated with special care to avoid even the whiff of racism. With Bannon embracing Trump, all that changed. Now Breitbart has become the alt-right go-to website, with Yiannopoulos pushing white ethno-nationalism as a legitimate response to political correctness, and the comment section turning into a cesspool for white supremacist mememakers.' 
Think Progress reported: 
'Bannon gave a platform to Milo Yiannopoulos, a prominent white nationalist figure who was banned from Twitter for indicting racist abuse and harassment .' 
So now, a man who openly gave white supremacists an open platform to spread vicious hate has now been given one of the most powerful roles in the Trump administration, and in turn, the world. 
You can best be sure the alt-right white supremacists are rejoicing at this choice that gives calling it the White House a whole new meaning. 
We should all be disgusted and terrified. This is absolutely shameful, yet not at all surprising. The fact that this all comes after our first black president is all the more mortifying. 
Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images
ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
While visiting a Chili's restaurant in Cedar Hills, Texas, U.S. Army Veteran Ernest Walker was approached by the manager and had his military service questioned even though he had his military ID with him. Chili's offers free meals to Veterans on Veterans Day as a thank you for their service, but what Walker received was anything but. 
Noticing what was happening, Walker took out his phone and began to record everything that was being said to him. At one point, even his food was stripped away from him. There's really no other way to see this than an act of racism, and Chili's needs to answer for it. 
Walker wrote on Facebook : 
'I went there to get a Veterans meal and all was good. I had my service dog with me because I am on Dialysis and he monitors my BP. I ordered the waitress was wonderful. It took about 35 mins for meal to come. So when it attived I gave her a Tip as asjed for a take out. She said sure, at that point a old white guy wearing a Trump flag shirt walked buy me on hi way to the bath room. He came back and aked me what unit did i serve in the 24th. I said no the 25th. He said he was in world war 2 in Germany and we did not see people like you over there. They would no allow blacks. I just listened he left then came back to bathroom again and pet my dog. So waitress put foid in container. Then the managers comes and says a somes guest at the restaurant say that your not a real Soldier. I reply what are you serious what guest. The manager Wesly Patrick said can I see military ID. I felt that was reasonable I most people ask for that so I shoed him my ID it checked out. At that point all he should have said was 'Sir I am sorry Thank you for your service and I would have left. But instead ge says ' tbe guest also says that your service dog is not a service dog. Now that's when igot upset and started Recording so see for yourself what happened.' 
Watch the altercation here: 
Chili's did respond by saying : 
'We are aware of the situation that happened at our Chili's Cedar Hills location yesterday. Our goal is to make every guest feel special. Unfortunately, we fell short on a day we strive to honor our Veterans and active military for their service. We have escalated this to the highest levels of our company.' 
Hopefully, all of this will be resolved properly and Walker given the respect that he deserves. 
The fact that some manager of a local Chili's restaurant felt so bold to question anyone's service to deny them a meal is just beyond comprehension. 
Watch the story here via CBS DFW: 
Featured image via video screen capture 
ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
One of the biggest reasons Donald Trump was able to win enough votes to take over the White House was his relentless attacks of corruption against Hillary Clinton, all while the media virtually ignored the accusations of corruption against Donald Trump. In fact, it's looking more and more likely that by his very first day in office, Donald Trump will be the most corrupt president ever. 
MSNBC's Chris Matthews and MSNBC's Chief Legal Analyst, Ari Melber are among several who are beginning to wake up to the reality that Trump plans on using the presidency in the very worst way possible, in a way that would have the Founding Fathers rolling in their graves. Our first self-described billionaire President Elect plans on using the presidency to make himself and his family even more wealthy. 
One of the biggest problems, as Matthew sees it, is that Trump wants to give his children national security clearance and everything that goes along with it, all while letting them take the reigns of the Trump fortune. This is illegal in so many ways. 
As Melber points out, hiring family was banned in an anti-nepotism law passed in 1967. Proponents of the law were especially concerned because a President should be free to fire staff and cabinet members, but that can be tough to do if staff or cabinet members are family. Trump's workaround for the nepotism law, though, is to not give his family members official titles, but still, he hopes to include them in his decision making processes and let them sit in on critical meetings. 
Here's the thought and anger provoking video: 
While Matthews' and Melber's discussion was mostly theoretical, there are already real-life consequences to Trump's glaring conflicts of interests. 
The Washington Post on Friday reported that about 100 foreign diplomats are trying to curry favor with the Trump administration by booking rooms in Trump's Washington DC hotel, sometimes at rates of up to $20,000 a night. If you recall, the Clinton Foundation was accused of offering access in exchange for donations. The evidence that that ever happened was weak, but still, it was something that Trump didn't let go of during his entire campaign. The idea that Trump would be hosting diplomats, in his hotel, to profit his company, is way beyond anything Clinton is accused of. 
That's not even the tip of the iceberg. While he did settle the Trump University fraud case, Trump apparently Underreported: 
Trump owes millions to Deutsche Bank 
which is being fined for $14 billion by DoJ 
which Trump will oversee as POTUS pic.twitter.com/vd724yNjYZ 
— Adam Khan (@Khanoisseur) October 7, 2016 
' target='_blank'>owes millions to Deutsche Bank, a bank which is being fined by the Department of Justice. Will Trump drop the fines in exchange for Deutsche Bank dropping their claim? Perhaps Trump will uncharacteristically take the high road (doubtful), but no president should have that power to begin with. 
I'm sure as we turn over even more rocks, we'll find far more conflicts of interest and evidence that Trump only ran for office for personal enrichment. 
There's a reason elected officials are supposed to put all their assets into blind trusts (and handing them over to their kids is the exact opposite of a blind trust). Governments are not in the business of making money. Trump is. That's a conflict of interest and it should be deemed unacceptable by all Americans. 
ARTICLE


In something that could've been scripted by George Orwell, President-elect Donald Trump just has pretty much every major media personality and/or outlet over to Trump Tower for a closed-door meeting. 
The NY Post stated : 
'The hour-long session included top execs from network and cable news channels. Among the attendees were NBC's Deborah Turness, Lester Holt and Chuck Todd, ABC's James Goldston, George Stephanopoulos, David Muir and Martha Raddatz, 
Also, CBS' Norah O'Donnell John Dickerson, Charlie Rose, Christopher Isham and King, Fox News' Bill Shine, Jack Abernethy, Jay Wallace, Suzanne Scott, MSNBC's Phil Griffin and CNN's Jeff Zucker and Erin Burnett.' 
Before the meeting, everyone was speculating as to what was going on. Why is Trump colluding with the media? Is he trying to control the conversation and form some sort of state sponsored media? 
Well, speculate no further. Trump called everyone to his tower to scold them like the Henry the 8th he is very much turning out to be. 
According to one source who confided in the NY Post : 
'It was like a f–ing firing squad…Trump started with [CNN chief] Jeff Zucker and said 'I hate your network, everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed.' 
Adding: 
'The meeting was a total disaster. The TV execs and anchors went in there thinking they would be discussing the access they would get to the Trump administration, but instead they got a Trump-style dressing down.' 
It was basically Trump throwing a hissy fit and talking down to everyone in the media to tell them how very awful they are to him. Even though they were pretty soft on him throughout the course of his campaign, often given him an open forum and hours of free airtime to tout his craziness. 
Another source said: 
'The meeting took place in a big board room and there were about 30 or 40 people, including the big news anchors from all the networks.' 
Further: 
'Trump kept saying, 'We're in a room of liars, the deceitful dishonest media who got it all wrong.' He addressed everyone in the room calling the media dishonest, deceitful liars. He called out Jeff Zucker by name and said everyone at CNN was a liar, and CNN was [a] network of liars…Trump didn't say [NBC reporter] Katy Tur by name, but talked about an NBC female correspondent who got it wrong, then he referred to a horrible network correspondent who cried when Hillary lost who hosted a debate – which was Martha Raddatz who was also in the room.' 
Some of the media did try to get a word in edgewise, but it was pretty much all for naught. Trump was there to scold and not get a lesson from the media in freedom of the press and speech. 
NY Post reported a source saying: 
'[CBS Good Morning co-host Gayle] King did not stand up, but asked some question, 'How do you propose we the media work with you?' Chuck Todd asked some pretty pointed questions. David Muir asked 'How are you going to cope living in DC while your family is in NYC? It was a horrible meeting.' 
According to Kellyanne Conway, however, it all went really well. Yet, it's hard to believe a word that comes out of the Trump camp, because they will say only what they want people to hear, and most of the time there's barely a sliver of the truth involved. 
No word as to who the source is that spoke to the NY Post . 
It's pretty clear Trump wants to control the narrative of the press, why else would he have so many big news names over to his palace tower? He wanted to scold them and likely tell them how they should be operating, and we should all be very, very mortified that he even had them over in the first place. 
After all, if you control the press, you control what the people hear. If you control what the people hear, you can tell them anything you want, even if it's not in their best interests. It's horrifying, to say the least, absolutely Hitler-esque, if we're going to be honest. 
The press need to be counted on to hold Trump accountable for everything that he says or does, and if they don't someone needs to hold the press accountable as well. This is a scary time we're entering into and hopefully the Constitution will not be shredded and honesty with accountability will prevail. 
Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images 
ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
On Tuesday, researchers announced that there's enough evidence of hacking or foul play to ask for an audit of three state's voting tabulations: Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Donald Trump won those three states by a narrow margin and without them, he would have lost. 
There's a movement to ask the Justice Department to demand the audits, but they might not have to. Help is coming from a surprising source, the Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein. She's calling for a recount in those three states and we can help her get one. 
'After a divisive and painful presidential race,' the Green Party candidate said in a statement, 'reported hacks into voter and party databases and individual email accounts are causing many Americans to wonder if our election results are reliable.' It's official: Jill Stein announces plans to file for a recount in PA, MI & WI. From her release: pic.twitter.com/Yh0gcVBPOR 
— Alexandra Jaffe (@ajjaffe) November 23, 2016 
Stein may have a case: 
Last Thursday, the activists held a conference call with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and campaign general counsel Marc Elias to make their case, according to a source briefed on the call. The academics presented findings showing that in Wisconsin, Clinton received 7 percent fewer votes in counties that relied on electronic-voting machines compared with counties that used optical scanners and paper ballots. Based on this statistical analysis, Clinton may have been denied as many as 30,000 votes; she lost Wisconsin by 27,000. While it's important to note the group has not found proof of hacking or manipulation, they are arguing to the campaign that the suspicious pattern merits an independent review — especially in light of the fact that the Obama White House has accused the Russian government of hacking the Democratic National Committee. 
Source: NY Magazine 
The math would still be tight. Michigan's count still isn't complete, but it's likely that their 16 electoral votes would add to Trump's 290. If those three states were suddenly to suddenly turn blue (Trump won the three states with a combined vote difference of just over 100,000), Trump would have 260 electoral votes and Clinton would have a total of 278 electoral votes. 270 are needed to win. 
Stein wouldn't end up winning the election, no matter what. It's hard to imagine what her motive would be, other than transparency and regardless of how you feel about her, that's laudable. 
What she's lacking so far is money. She needs to raise $2 million by Friday at 4:00 PM Central Time. So far, she's raised less than 10 percent of that. 
Doing something like this may have its downsides, although not too far down. The confidence in the Electoral College is already eroding. There's no reason at all that three midwestern states should prevent the clear popular winner from becoming President. The biggest risk is that disgruntled Trump supporters could lash out, but they are lashing out as winners, so let's not let that stop us from taking the time to ensure that our democracy stays intact. 
ARTICLE

Share on Facebook 
If there's one thing we ask of a president, it's that they be inclusive of all, and President-elect Trump, in a very bizarre way, kinda sorta, did that three years ago in the most Trumpian way ever. 
While most people have Thanksgiving messages of hope and gratitude, Donald Trump wants everyone to know that he wants their day to be happy. Absolutely everyone. Even the 'haters and losers.' 
Here's Trump's Thanksgiving Day message he tweeted out three years ago: 
'Happy Thanksgiving to all–even the haters and losers!' via Twitter 
Yes, that's the future leader of the free world, everyone. A man who will have more power than, well, anyone. 
Trump took to Twitter on Thanksgiving Day in 2013 and wished everyone a 'Happy Thanksgiving' even to the 'haters and losers' and best yet, the tweet is still in his timeline . So, the future President of the United States seems pretty damn proud of calling those who don't like him 'haters and losers' because he still has it on the record in his Twitter feed. 
It will be interesting to see what he tweets this year. Will it be off the cuff, or well-vetted by his staff. I'm sure we're all on pins and needles waiting. Or not. 
Featured Photo by Zach Gibson/Getty Images — Twitter 
