ARTICLE


Zero Hedge 
Project Veritas has just released Part IV of it's multi-part series exposing numerous scandals surrounding the DNC and the Clinton campaign, including efforts to incite violence at Trump rallies and, at least what seems to be, illegal coordination between the DNC, Hillary For America and various Super PACs. 
Part IV focuses on a $20,000 foreign donation made by an undercover Project Veritas journalist to Americans United for Change (AUFC). Ironically, shortly after the $20k donation wire was released, the contributor's "niece" was offered an internship with Creamer's firm, Democracy Partners. 
In the new video, Creamer says: 'Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters … I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television, radio, with earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising.' He also mentions a conference call discussing a woman potentially coming forward to accuse Trump of inappropriate behavior. 
Creamer, a seasoned Chicago activist who is married to Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-IL), whose Republican opponent, Joan McCarthy Lasonde has called for her to resign over her husband's activities, also talks about his work with Barack Obama, whom he says he has known since the 1980s, when Obama was a community organizer in Chicago: 'He's a pro, I've known the President since he was a community organizer in Chicago.' 
Elsewhere, Creamer adds: 'I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the… the health care bill, for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.' 

ARTICLE


by Michael Snyder via THE DAILY SHEEPLE 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? 
Let's hope that it doesn't happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned 'about the possibility of violence' on election day… 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are 'very concerned.' Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are 'very confident' about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won't recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn't have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump's star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump's star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June … 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate's star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump's star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump's star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted 'Nazi Republicans get out of town or else' along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, 'Why can't they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?' 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. 'The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by 'some thugs' that a barmaid called out from the back.' Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a 'Blue Lives Matter' shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a 'Make America Great Again' baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let's certainly hope that we don't see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is 'grabbing my musket' if Donald Trump loses the election… 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, 'On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. You in?' 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today … 
'Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I've been buying a lot more ammunition,' says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan's Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to 'declare martial law and take our guns away' after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton's political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month … 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. 

ARTICLE


Superstation95.com 
Now, we know it's bad! The FBI Director's announcement that the Bureau had found more emails pertinent to its Hillary Clinton private e-mail server investigation, and was re-opening that investigation, sent shockwaves across the political spectrum this afternoon. 
The fact that the FBI made such an announcement is extraordinary in itself. Generally, the Bureau does NOT publicly reveal that someone is under investigation, never mind someone who is so high-profile, like an active candidate for President! So the revelation that the Hillary investigation is now re-opened is an absolute stunner on many levels. Frankly, all experts agree that it must be something extraordinary they found; something likely criminal. 
Adding to the drama was that the FBI Director did NOT coordinate the announcement with the White House or with the Department of Justice (DOJ) - which could be an effort by the Bureau to regain its lost reputation for Integrity. Keeping the White house and Justice Department out of the loop means they could not interfere prior to the announcement, and now that the announcement has been made publicly, neither the White House nor the DOJ can prevent the public from knowing something big is taking place. "DEVASTATING REVELATIONS" 
And "big" might be an understatement. Late Friday night, the White House very quietly CANCELED all of Barack Obama's scheduled campaign appearances on behalf of Hillary Clinton! The scheduled events, confirmed for months, were all quietly DELETED. See the Before and After images below: 
Whatever information the FBI has found must be completely devastating for Clinton. So devastating, that President Obama can no longer even be seen as supporting her candidacy! 
This FBI announcement has "criminality" written all over it. 
Stay tuned. 

ARTICLE


ZERO HEDGE 
With furious Democrats - and the Clinton Campaign - now openly blasting the FBI's reopened investigation (as Republicans take delight for once in having a government agency reinforce their side of events), the question turns to just what emails were found on Weiner's laptop, and how damaging their contents are for the FBI to take the unprecedented step of "intervening" in a major political event just days before the national election. 
We first laid what was the most likely explanation yesterday , when we showed several examples of Huma Abedin emails being sent from her work email account to her personal account at , courtesy of a Judicial Watch FOIA release. Of the more than 160 emails in the latest Judicial Watch release, some 110 emails – two-thirds of the total – were forwarded by Abedin to two personal addresses she controlled. The Washington Times reported in August 2015 that the State Department had admitted to a federal judge that Abedin and Mills used personal email accounts to conduct government business in addition to Clinton's private clintonemail.com to transact State Department business. 
One email from May 15, 2009, was sent by Abedin from her State Department email to her personal email. Abedin was archiving in her personal email account an email Hillary Clinton sent her from Clinton's private email server at . Abedin was asked to print out attachments to an email Mills sent via a private address the previous day to Clinton involving 'timetables and deliverables' for her review via Alec Ross, a technology policy expert who then held the title of senior adviser for innovation to Secretary Clinton. 
However, while forwarding Hillary's emails to her personal email server for "convenience" is one thing, what is more troubling is the amount of redaction involved in these emails which migrated to the open email account, which as we now know ended up in Anthony Weiner's computer: in the above example, the two pages of timetables and deliverables attached to the email were 100 percent redacted, with 'PAGE DENIED' stamped across the first redacted page. 
An argument can be made that the extensive redaction confirms confidential material was part of the transmission. 
This is a nuanced point being pushed by Hillary Clinton supporters such as Newsweek's Kurt Eichenwald, who in an article yesterday tried to make a case citing "sources" (even though the FBI said that nobody has seen the content of the Weiner/Abedin emails), that " no emails being examined by FBI were to or from Clinton ." No emails being examined by FBI were to or from Clinton. All of this has to do with procedures followed by an aide. https://t.co/mcsBi7j7XU — Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 
It remains to be seen just what is in the emails, although whether Hillary sent emails with confidential content herself, or directed, or simply allowed her closest aide, Huma Abedin to forward such emails to her outside unsecured email address (where they subsequently ended up on Anthony Weiner's notebook), is what this latest case will be all about and how it will be defended and prosecuted in the media, by the water coolers and perhaps, in court. 
However, we do know one thing: according to the NYT , the number of Huma emails that made their way to Weiner's PC was staggering: 
The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner, a former Democratic congressman from New York, sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case — one federal official said they numbered in the tens of thousand 
Which brings up two more critical questions: i) when she was questioned by the FBI over the summer, did Huma reveal and admit the existence of these "thousands" of emails located on a personal, home computer, and ii) will the FBI be able to comb through everything in the next 10 days ahead of the election? If the answer to the second question is no, will the US presidential election really take place with one candidate currently under FBI investigation, one which could potentially lead to impeachment proceedings within weeks or days of her being elected president? 
Still, the biggest irony in this latest debacle is that it was largely predicted by Donald Trump himself back in August of 2015. It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary's private illegal emails. Huma's PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world. 

ARTICLE


Zero Hedge 
The UN is a joke! 
Yesterday, for the first time since 2006, Russia failed to be re-elected for a spot on the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC) - which until July was chaired by none other than Saudi Arabia - after being narrowly beaten by Croatia in a vote. Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia was successfully re-elected, despite vocal criticism from human rights organizations. The 47 places on the council are distributed on a regional basis, with staggered elections seeing a third of the body re-elected each year. Russia had finished its three-year term, and was running against Hungary and Croatia for the two available seats from Eastern Europe. 
The decision was close, and came down to just two votes: with Hungary far ahead, Croatia received the votes of 114 of the 193 member countries, and Russia was selected on 112 ballots. 
"It was a very close vote and very good countries competing, Croatia, Hungary. They are fortunate because of their size, they are not exposed to the winds of international diplomacy. Russia is very exposed. We've been in the UNHRC for several years, and I am sure next time we will stand and get back in," Russia's UN envoy Vitaly Churkin said quoted by RT . Russia is eligible to run next year, against a new set of countries. 
Ahead of this year's vote Russia came under concerted pressure from human rights organizations. 'The non-election of Russia shows that the nations of the world can reject gross abusers if they so choose,' said executive director Hillel Neuer. 'This makes the election of Saudi Arabia, China and Cuba even more preposterous.' 
As we reported earlier this week , a petition signed by 80 NGOs, including Human Rights Watch and Refugees International, asked the voting countries to "question seriously whether Russia's role in Syria which includes supporting and undertaking military actions which have routinely targeted civilians and civilian objects renders it fit to serve on the UN's premier inter-governmental human rights institution." Russia dismissed the petition, published this week, as 'cynical' and 'dishonorable,' and said the accusations were motivated more by politics than by concern for human rights. Moscow, which has been conducting airstrikes in the country over the past year, says that it is acting legally, following an official call for assistance from the Syrian government, and insists that its war efforts are targeted at terrorists. 
However, most perversely, in what was clearly a politically-motivated choice, Saudi Arabia sailed through the Asian regional ballot with 152 votes, and will sit on the UNHRC alongside China, Japan and Iraq for the next three years. 

ARTICLE


Via Washington Examiner: 
Democratic National Committee interim chairwoman Donna Brazile admonished the FBI Friday for telling Congress it found new emails related to Hillary Clinton's private server, and called on the federal agency to state immediately that the Democratic nominee is in the clear. 
'FBI Director Comey unequivocally cleared Hillary Clinton of any intentional wrongdoing three months ago, and said that no reasonable prosecutor would pursue the case in question further. Now, 11 days away from the election, he released a vague letter that immediately led to rampant speculation in the news media,' Brazile said in a statement provided to the Washington Examiner. 

ARTICLE


Mad World News 
Barack Obama is delusional. While he's campaigning for Hillary Clinton, the FBI is investigating clear evidence that indicates he is guilty of treason. These idiots, Obama and Hillary, are in denial, running around the country and droning on about 'hope and change' when the cat's out of the bag. New evidence could put Obama in prison right next to Hillary, and Americans couldn't be happier. 
No one is above the law, but Hillary and her crime cartel thought that they were. Now, Obama is facing his worst nightmare as the FBI is also gunning for him. Shocking new revelations came from Fox News' Catherine Herridge, who reports that Huma Abedin spilled the beans on Obama: 
'One of the key things we've learned in the FBI interviews, known as 302s, came from Clinton aide Huma Abedin . She told the FBI investigators that every time Hillary Clinton's personal [email] address changed, they would update the White House so that the president could continue receiving Hillary Clinton's emails on his high security devices, including his Blackberry.' 
Listen to the shocking report below: 
Herridge went on to explain , 'The reason that matters is that that is evidence that goes to knowledge of the White House [Obama] of this personal system [Hillary's home-based server] and the changing addresses. So, this is something where the president and the White House clearly have a horse in the race and a stake in the outcome [FBI investigation].' 
This is exactly what happened to former president Richard Nixon in the Watergate scandal , except no one made money and there was never any risk to national security. So, as far as degree of damage done, Hillary and Obama put American lives at risk and allowed our enemies access to our top secrets — and that's treason. 

ARTICLE


CBS NEWS 
NEW YORK -- CBS News has learned about a potential terror threat for the day before the election. 
Sources told CBS News senior investigative producer Pat Milton that U.S. intelligence has alerted joint terrorism task forces that al Qaeda could be planning attacks in three states for Monday. 
It is believed New York, Texas and Virginia are all possible targets, though no specific locations are mentioned. 
U.S. authorities are taking the threat seriously, though the sources stress the intelligence is still being assessed and its credibility hasn't been confirmed. Counterterrorism officials were alerted to the threat out of abundance of caution. 
A senior FBI official told CBS News, 'The counterterrorism and homeland security communities remain vigilant and well-postured to defend against attacks here in the United States. The FBI, working with our federal, state and local counterparts, shares and assesses intelligence on a daily basis and will continue to work closely with law enforcement and intelligence community partners to identify and disrupt any potential threat to public safety.' 
Intelligence about potential threats always increases during holiday seasons and when big events are approaching. 
As Election Day nears, federal law enforcement is planning for several worst-case scenarios. 
Earlier this week, an alert warned local police of 'polling places' being seen as 'attractive targets' for 'lone wolf'-type attacks by individuals motivated by violent extremist ideologies, sovereign citizen or other extremist activity. 

ARTICLE


UK TELEGRAPH 
Canada's military is investigating a mysterious "pinging" that is emanating from the sea floor in the Arctic . 
The sound, which has also been described as a "hum" or a "beep", has apparently spooked the local wildlife in the Fury and Hecla Strait. 
Paul Quassa, a member of the legislative assembly, said the noise was "emanating from the sea floor". 
"That's one of the major hunting areas in the summer and winter ... And this time around, this summer, there were hardly any. And this became a suspicious thing." 
The military said it was investigating what was causing the sound. 
"The Department of National Defence has been informed of the strange noises emanating in the Fury and Hecla Strait area, and the Canadian Armed Forces are taking the appropriate steps to actively investigate the situation," an armed forces spokesperson told CBC News . 

ARTICLE

Nov 4 Nov 4 Civil War In FBI As Patriot Agents Battle Corrupt Obama/Clinton Cabal Trying To Cover Up Regime Crimes, Obstruct Justice 
The Guardian 
Deep antipathy to Hillary Clinton exists within the FBI, multiple bureau sources have told the Guardian, spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election. 
Current and former FBI officials, none of whom were willing or cleared to speak on the record, have described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director James Comey's July decision not to recommend an indictment over Clinton's maintenance of a private email server on which classified information transited. 
'The FBI is Trumpland,' said one current agent. 
This atmosphere raises major questions about how Comey and the bureau he is slated to run for the next seven years can work with Clinton should she win the White House. 
The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is 'the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel,' and that 'the reason why they're leaking is they're pro-Trump.' 
The agent called the bureau 'Trumplandia', with some colleagues openly discussing voting for a GOP nominee who has garnered unprecedented condemnation from the party's national security wing and who has pledged to jail Clinton if elected. 
At the same time, other sources dispute the depth of support for Trump within the bureau, though they uniformly stated that Clinton is viewed highly unfavorably. 
'There are lots of people who don't think Trump is qualified, but also believe Clinton is corrupt. What you hear a lot is that it's a bad choice, between an incompetent and a corrupt politician,' said a former FBI official. 
Sources who disputed the depth of Trump's internal support agreed that the FBI is now in parlous political territory. Justice department officials – another current target of FBI dissatisfaction – have said the bureau disregarded longstanding rules against perceived or actual electoral interference when Comey wrote to Congress to say it was reviewing newly discovered emails relating to Clinton's personal server. 

ARTICLE


The Daily Caller 
Republican nominee Donald Trump is tied with Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in Michigan, according to a Strategic National Poll. 
The Michigan statewide poll revealed Trump is now dead even with Clinton, in a state that has not voted for a Republican presidential candidate since 1988. 
Clinton enjoyed as much as a 13-point advantage over Trump in Michigan just two weeks ago. 
'Trump is over performing in key segments of the electorate especially in rural areas and Macomb County while Clinton is failing to get the numbers she needs out of the city of Detroit,' John Yob, CEO of Strategic National , who conducted the poll, reported. 

ARTICLE


by Adan Salazar, INFOWARS 
Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was dubbed a 'high priest' and a 'goddess of the occult' in a letter recently sent from Romanian hacker Guccifer to Fox News. 
The letter is receiving renewed scrutiny following revelations Friday that Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta attends bizarre occult rituals involving a mixture of breast milk, blood and semen in what is being termed the most disturbing email exposed by Wikileaks. 
Back in September, Fox News posted images of the letter it received from Guccifer, whose real name is Marcel Lazăr, postmarked September 16, 2016, in which he claimed the goal of the 'Guccifer project' failed because he was unable to 'fully expose the Illuminati / the council and their crimes.' 
Here's a transcript of his letter: 
'The Romenian authorities query that I have to be sent back home 'right away', is a silly, hasty move, by the way. 
I will not leave this beautiful country without saying that the 'Guccifer Project' was a failed project. My will / intention was to fully expose the Illuminati / the Council, and their crimes, but I failed! 
'Hillary Rodham Diane Clinton is one of the high priests, a goddess of this ocult, satanic, shadow group. One must see their evil and profoundly corrupt nature to understand what I am talking about. 
'Though I know I invested a great deal of time & effort trying to expose the crimes of the Rockefellers, the Bush klan, the Clinton, and many others, maybe my skills (or lack of skills?) were NOT matching my faith. 
'So, I apologize in front of the unknown soldiers who struggle to take this fight against these monsters to a glorious end. Many of 'em are risking their lives, while doing this behind the computer screens, from inside or outside the system.' 
On Friday Wikileaks dropped a shocking email showing Clinton campaign chair John Podesta and his brother being invited to a 'spirit cooking' dinner hosted by performance artist Marina Abramovic, where a mixture of semen, menstrual blood and breast milk are bizarrely used as mediums to create a 'painting.' 
In an email dated June 28, 2015, Abramovic wrote, 'I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? All my love, Marina.' 
Lazăr was sentenced to seven years in federal prison in May after he pled guilty to hacking the computer systems of high level government operatives, including Clinton ally Sidney Blumenthal and former Secretary of State Colin Powell. 
Lazăr also claimed it was easy to hack Hillary Clinton's private email server during her tenure as secretary of state. 

ARTICLE


Jeff Stein | VOX 
Hillary Clinton found herself in a no-win dilemma as she moved to launch her presidential run while also aiding her husband's globe-trotting philanthropy — and her team knew it. 
Sometime before announcing her candidacy, Clinton had agreed to go to a Clinton Global Initiative fundraiser in Morocco planned for May 2015. The king of Morocco had personally pledged to give $12 million with the understanding she'd attend, according to emails released last week by WikiLeaks. 
But then there was the awkward fact that Clinton would be running for president by then. That set up a bind: Go to the event, and Clinton would be appearing to indulge a foreign government known for egregious human right abuses to help her family's private charity. Pull out, and Clinton would be going back on her word to the Moroccan king. 
'The King has personally committed approx $12 million both for the endowment and to support the meeting. It will break a lot of china to back out now when we had so many opportunities to do it in the past few months,' Clinton aide Huma Abedin wrote in an email in November 2014, several months before Clinton declared her candidacy. 'She created this mess.' 
Hillary Clinton ultimately decided against attending, and Chelsea Clinton and Bill Clinton went instead. (Politico has reported a Moroccan phosphate export firm gave 'at least' $1 million, but it's not clear if the other $11 million came through. The foundation doesn't have to disclose the gift and has declined to confirm one way or another to reporters.) 
But since this story broke late last week, Clinton has been getting attacked for it far and wide. And this time it's not just Donald Trump and Fox News: Even mainstream outlets like the Atlantic and the Associated Press have published tough pieces about the controversy. (The Huffington Post said it amounted to a 'brutal, clean hit' on the Democratic nominee.) 
This controversy has stoked wildly misleading allegations implying that Clinton is corrupt, even in some leading news outlets. But while those claims are overblown, the story still illustrates how the foundation helped put wealthy donors into Clinton's orbit — and allowed them to buy a rare chance to shape her perspective that few average Americans will ever get. 

ARTICLE

Welcome to RedFlag News, a 100% independent news-aggregation website. The views expressed herein are the views of the linked author exclusively and not necessarily the views of RFN or its advertisers. // Aggregated content may contain copyrighted material. Such material is made available for educational purposes only. This constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in Title 17 U.S.C. section 107 of the US Copyright Law. If you believe there is a genuine DMCA copyright infringement, please contact us immediately so that your photography or content can be reviewed and, if necessary, removed. 

ARTICLE


CONSERVATIVE TRIBUNE 
President-elect Donald Trump ran for office on a promise of securing the nation's southern border, partially through the construction of a border wall, with the added caveat that Mexico would somehow pay for it . 
The Mexican government has consistently stated that it had no intention of paying for any such wall, and it didn't waste any time after Trump's victory to reiterate that. 
According to Newsmax , Mexico's foreign minister made clear that paying for a border wall was not on her country's agenda. 
'Paying for a wall is not part of our vision,' said Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu to a local television station. 
Ruiz Massieu added that her government had remained in contact with Trump's campaign team ever since his much-discussed visit to Mexico in August. 
'There has been a fluid, daily communication with different members of the campaign,' she stated. 
Obviously Trump and the Mexican government don't see eye to eye on this issue at the moment, but with the admission that the two sides are talking on a regular basis, it stands to reason that something could be worked out. 
Considering how adamant Trump has been about building the wall and having Mexico pay for it in some way, he may just need to be a bit more persuasive with Mexican leaders to help them adjust their 'vision' to include a border wall. 

ARTICLE

Terrorism 
By Justin Holcomb, Townhall.com 
An Uber driver from Brooklyn has been accused of traveling to the Middle East to join ISIS and expressed support for a Nice-style attack with a garbage truck in Times Square, New York authorities said. 
Mohamed Rafik Naji, 37, faces charges of providing material support for terrorism and was arrested in his home on Monday. 
Last summer, Naji allegedly expressed support to an informant for carrying out a deadly attack in Times Square with a garbage truck crushing pedestrian just like the ISIS truck attack in Nice, France in July. 
"They (ISIS) want an operation in Times Square," Naji told the informant on July 19. 
"As alleged, the defendant was persistent in his efforts to join ISIL and support its terrorist objectives,' said U.S. Attorney Robert Capers. 'We will continue to identify and prosecute individuals like Naji who seek to empower our nation's enemies and endanger our citizens and partners around the world.' 

ARTICLE


Bob Unruh | WND 
For a third time, a federal judge has affirmed a nationwide injunction against the Obama administration's agenda to impose mandatory open-restroom policies on schools from coast to coast, scolding the White House for repeating old arguments and catching those who submitted the newest arguments in a lie. 
The ruling this week from U.S. District Judge Reed O'Connor left intact his nationwide injunction against Obama's decision that transgender public school students can use the restroom of their choice, rather than the restroom designated for their physical sex. 
The White House issued the order some months ago, and when several states sued, O'Connor found in August that they were likely to prevail in their arguments, so he suspended implementation of the program nationwide. 
In October, when he had to address the issue again because of demands from the White House, he doubled down, stating, 'It is clear from Supreme Court and Fifth Circuit precedent that this court has the power to issue a nationwide injunction where appropriate. Both Title IX and Title VII rely on the consistent, uniform application of national standards in education and workplace policy. 
'A nationwide injunction is necessary because the alleged violation extends nationwide. Defendants are a group of agencies and administrators capable of enforcing their guidelines nationwide, affecting numerous state and school district facilities across the country.' 
Now in another ruling prompted by demands from the Obama administration, O'Connor has affirmed the decision – again. 

ARTICLE

Welcome to RedFlag News, a 100% independent news-aggregation website. The views expressed herein are the views of the linked author exclusively and not necessarily the views of RFN or its advertisers. // Aggregated content may contain copyrighted material. Such material is made available for educational purposes only. This constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in Title 17 U.S.C. section 107 of the US Copyright Law. If you believe there is a genuine DMCA copyright infringement, please contact us immediately so that your photography or content can be reviewed and, if necessary, removed. 

