ARTICLE

Other Writers 
Swedish Democrat party member of Parliament Anna Hagwall has announced her resignation from all party posts and will not stand for reelection in 2018 after a furor following her exposure of the fact that a single family of Jews control the Swedish media. One Jewish family helps to brainwash the entire population of Sweden. This Swedish MP has had ENOUGH! 
The uproar followed her letter to the Aftonbladet newspaper in which she said that 'ethnicity should be a factor' in determining media ownership of more than 5 percent'”an obvious reference to the Jewish Bonnier family media group. 
The Bonnier Group owns 96 book publishers, 42 business and trade press newspapers, 105 digital news platforms, 9 film production companies, 176 magazines, 23 major newspapers, 33 TV stations, and 33 'other' media outlets'”and quite literally dominates the controlled media in Sweden. 
Hagwall had earlier submitted a motion to the Swedish parliament which proposed cuts to the state subsidies paid to media in Sweden. 
Although she never mentioned Jews by name, Hagwall said in an explanatory letter to the Aftonbladet that it would be a good idea to 'let Bonnier's newspapers go under' so that 'no family, ethnic group, or company' could control more than 5 percent of the media. 
'An entire 80 percent of the media is owned and controlled by the same owners,' Hagwell wrote. 'This is not acceptable. Therefore, media ownership should be spread over many independent companies and people. In order to change this, I suggest press subsidies [only] for the independent media.' 
When asked by Aftonbladet how the abolition of press subsidies to the country's local newspapers reduce Bonnier's power over the media in Sweden, Hagwall answered by email that 'most small newspapers are directly or indirectly controlled by Bonnier, and why they have to be subsidized by the Swedish taxpayer is a mystery. 
'Let the little Bonnier newspapers in the provinces go under, because then a void will be created which can be filled by newspapers that care about people and business owners.' 
She also said that the Swedish public service broadcaster, Sveriges Television (SVT), should be switched to pay channels to 'reduce SVT's propagation of the politically correct agenda.' 
The comments provoked a stream of attacks upon Hagwall, and the Swedish Democrat leadership also distanced itself from her, saying in a statement that the matter will 'affect her future in the party.' 
This week, Hagwall resigned her position as member of the Parliamentary Committee on Taxation and internal group leader of the Sweden Democrats' tax policy group. She also will not seek reelection to Parliament in 2018 at the request of the party leadership, and it is currently unclear if she will continue to sit in parliament for the remainder of the current term.

ARTICLE

AMERICA VANQUISHED, Part 1: America as an Israeli Colony About 
This is the website of Lasha Darkmoon, an anglo-American academic with higher degrees in Classics who lives and works in England. You can read more about Darkmoon here . Subscribe to our Newsletter Subscribe to get important new posts and other updates via our occasional newsletter. Meta

ARTICLE

Other Writers LD : If Hillary Clinton becomes President, expect disaster. If Trump is elected, he will have to be smarter than Putin in order to survive. Never before in American history has a presidential candidate been surrounded by so many implacable enemies baying for his blood. . . . by THE SAKER 'The United States is about to enter what might possibly be the deepest and most dangerous crisis of its history'¦. Maybe Trump will be the guy to bring down the Anglo-Zionist Empire in order to save the United States.' '” The Saker 
Watching the last presidential debate was a rather depressing experience. I thought that Trump did pretty well, but that really is not the point here. The point is this: no matter who wins, an acute crisis is inevitable. Option one : Hillary wins 
Hillary would be Obama on steroids , only worse. 
Remember that Obama himself was Dubya, only worse. Of course, Dubya was just Clinton, only worse. Now the circle is closed. Back to Clinton. Except this time around, we have a woman who is deeply insecure, who failed at every single thing that she every tried to do, and who now has a three decades long record of disasters and failures. 
Even when she had no authority to start a war, she started one (told Bill to bomb the Serbs). Now she has that authority. And now she had to stand there, in front of millions of people, and hear Trump tell her ' Putin outsmarted you at every step of the way ' '” did you see her frozen face when he said that? 
Trump is right. Putin did outsmart her and Obama, at every step. 
The problem is that now, after having a President with an inferiority complex towards Putin (Obama) we will have a President with the very same inferiority complex and a morbid determination to impose a no-fly zone over Russian forces in Syria. 
Looking at Hillary, with her ugly short hair and ridiculous pants, I thought to myself 'this is a woman who is trying hard to prove that she is every bit as tough as any man' '“ except of course that she ain't. Her record also shows her as being weak, cowardly and with a sense of total impunity. And now, that evil messianic lunatic with a deep-seated inferiority complex is going to become Commander in Chief?! God help us all! Option two: Trump wins 
Problem: Trump will be completely alone. 
The Neocons have total, repeat total , control of the Congress, the media, banking and finance, and the courts. From Clinton to Clinton they have deeply infiltrated the Pentagon, Foggy Bottom, and the three letter agencies. The Fed is their stronghold. How in the world will Trump deal with these rabid ' crazies in the basement '? 
Consider the vicious hate campaign which all these 'personalities' (from actors to politicians to reporters) have unleashed against Trump '“ they have burned their bridges, they know that they will lose it all if Trump wins (and, if he proves to be an easy pushover his election will make no difference anyway). 
The Neocons have nothing to lose and they will fight to the very last one. What could Trump possibly do to get anything done if he is surrounded by Neocons and their agents of influence? Bring in an entirely different team? How is he going to vet them? His first choice was to take Pence as a VP '“ a disaster (he is already sabotaging Trump on Syria and the elections outcome). I dread to hear whom Trump will appoint as a White House Chief of Staff as I am afraid that just to appease the Neocons he will appoint some new version of the infamous Rahm Emanuel'¦ And should Trump prove that he has both principles and courage, the Neocons can always 'Dallas' him and replace him with Pence. Et voilÃ  ! 
I see only one way out: The Putin model 
When Putin came to power he inherited a Kremlin every bit as corrupt and traitor-infested as the White House nowadays. As for Russia, she was in pretty much the same sorry shape as the Independent Nazi-run Ukraine. Russia was also run by bankers and Anglo-Zionist puppets and most Russians led miserable lives. The big difference is that, unlike what is happening with Trump, the Russian version of the US Neocons never saw the danger coming from Putin. He was selected by the ruling elites as the representative of the security services to serve along a representative of the big corporate money, Medvedev. This was a compromise solution between the only two parts of the Russian society which were still functioning, the security services and oil/gas money. Putin looked like a petty bureaucrat in an ill fitting suit, a shy and somewhat awkward little guy who would present no threat to the powerful oligarchs of the semibankirshchina (the Seven Bankers) running Russia. 
Except that he turned out to be one of the most formidable rulers in Russia history. 
Here is what Putin did as soon as he came to power: 
First, he re-established the credibility of the Kremlin with the armed forces and security services by rapidly and effectively crushing the Wahabi insurgency in Chechnia. This established his personal credibility with the people he would have to rely on to deal with the oligarchs. 
Second, he used the fact that everybody, every single businessman and corporation in Russia, did more or less break the law during the 1990s, if only because there really was no law. Instead of cracking down on the likes of Berezovski or Khodorkovski for their political activities, he crushed them with (absolutely true) charges of corruption. Crucially, he did that very publicly, sending a clear message to the other arch-enemy: the media. 
Third, contrary to the hallucinations of the western human rights agencies and Russian liberals, Putin never directly suppressed any dissent, or cracked down on the media or, even less so, ordered the murder of anybody. He did something much smarter. Remember that modern journalists are first and foremost presstitutes, right? By mercilessly cracking down on the oligarchs Putin deprived the presstitutes of their source of income and political support. Some emigrated to the Ukraine, others simply resigned, and a few were left like on a reservation or a zoo on a few very clearly identifiable media outlets such as Dozhd TV , Ekho Moskvy Radio or the newspaper Kommersant . Those who emigrated became irrelevant. As for those who stayed in the 'liberal zoo', they were harmless and they had no credibility left. Crucially, everybody else 'got the message'. After that, all it took is the appointment a few real patriots (such as Dmitri Kiselev, Margarita Simonian and others) in key positions and everybody quickly understood that the winds of fortune had now turned. 
Fourth, once the main media outlets were returned back to sanity it did not take too long for the 'liberal' (in the Russian sense, meaning pro-USA) parties to enter into a death-spiral from which they have never recovered. That, in turn, resulted in the ejection of all 'liberals' form the Duma which now has only 4 parties, all of them more or less 'patriotic'. 
Russia and the USA are very different countries, and no recipe can simply be copied from one to another. Still, there are valuable lessons from the 'Putin model' for Trump, not the least of which that his most formidable enemies probably are sitting in the Fed. One Russian analyst '“ Rostislav Ishchenko '“ has suggested that Trump could somehow force the Fed to increase interest rates, which would result in a bankruptcy domino effect for US banks which might be the only way to finally crush the Fed and re-take control of US banking. WHAT PUTIN ACHIEVED Of brooms and body parts 
Leon Trotsky used to say the Soviet Russia needed to be cleansed from anarchists and noblemen with an 'iron broom'. He even wrote an article in the Pravda entitled 'We need an iron broom'. Another genocidal manic, Felix Derzhinskii, founder of the notorious ChK secret police, used to say that a secret police officer must have a 'burning heart, a cool head and clean hands'. One would seek weakness, or even compassion, in vain from folks like these. These are ideology-driven 'true believers', sociopaths with no sense of empathy, profoundly evil people with a genocidal hatred of anybody standing in their way. 
Hillary Clinton and her gang of Neocons are the spiritual (and sometimes even physical) successors of the Soviet Bolsheviks and they, just like their Bolshevik forefathers, will not hesitate for a second to crush their enemies. Donald Trump '“ assuming he is for real and actually means what he says '“ has to understand that and do what Putin did: strike first and strike hard. 
Stalin, by the way, also did exactly that, and for a while the Trotskists were crushed, but in the years following Stalin's death they gradually bounced back only to seize power again in 1991. 
I think that the jury is still out on whether Putin will succeed in finally removing the 5th columnists from power. 
What is sure is that Russia is at least semi-free from the control of (((these people))) and that the US is their last bastion right now. Their maniacal hatred of Trump can in part be explained by the sense of danger (((these folks))) feel, being threatened for the first time in what they see as (((their homeland))). 
I don't mean that in a patriotic sense '“ but rather like a parasite cares for 'his' host. 
And maybe (((they))) have some good reason to fear. I sure hope that they do. 
(Brackets inserted by LD) 
I am rather encouraged by the way Trump handled the latest attempt to make him cower in fear. Yesterday Trump dared to declare that since the election might be rigged or stolen he does not pledge to recognize their outcome. And even though every semi-literate person knows that elections in the USA have been rigged and stolen in the past, including Presidential ones, by saying that Trump committed a major case of crimethink . The Ziomedia pounced on him with self-righteous outrage and put immense pressure on him to retract his statement. Instead of rolling over and recanting his 'crime', Trump refused to do so. 
Beautiful no? Let's hope he continues to show the same courage. 
Trump is now doing what Jean-Marie Le Pen did in France: he is showing the Neocons that he dares to openly defy them, that he refuses to play by their rules, that their outrage has no effect on him and that they don't get to censor or silence him. 
That is also what he did when, yet again, he refused to accuse the Russians of cyber-attacks and, instead, repeated that it would be a good thing for Russia and the USA to be friends. 
Again, I am not sure that how long he will be able to hold that line, but for the time being there is no denying that he is openly defying the AngloZionist deep state and Empire. Conclusion The United States is about to enter what might possibly be the deepest and most dangerous crisis of its history . 
If Trump is elected, he will have to immediately launch a well-planned attack against his opponents without giving them any pretext to accuse him of politically motivated repressions. 
In Russia, Putin could count on the support of the military and the security services. I don't know whom Trump can count on, but I am fairly confident that there are still true patriots in the US armed forces. 
If Trump gets the right person to head the FBI, he might also use that agency to clean house and deliver a steady streams of indictments for corruption, conspiracy to [fill the blank], abuse of authority, obstruction of justice and dereliction of duty, etc. Since such crimes are widespread in the current circles of power, they are also easy to prove and cracking down on corruption would get Trump a standing ovation from the American people. 
Next, just as Putin in Russia, Trump will have to deal with the media. How exactly, I don't know. But he will have to face this beast and defeat it. At every step in this process he will have to get the proactive support of the people, just like Putin does. 
Can he do it? I don't know. Honestly, I doubt it. 
First, I still don't trust him. But, more relevantly, I would argue that to overthrow the deep state and restore true people power is even harder in the USA than it was in Russia. 
I have always believed that the Anglo-Zionist Empire will have to be brought down from the outside, most probably by a combination of military and economic defeats. I still believe that. However, I might be wrong '“ in fact, I hope that I am '“ and maybe Trump will be the guy to bring down the Anglo-Zionist Empire in order to save the United States. 
If there is such a possibility, however slim, I think that we have to believe in it and act on it as all the alternatives are far worse. Source Like this? Share it now. 3 thoughts on ' Only Trump can save America now '” if he can survive and follow in the footsteps of Vladimir Putin ' LD says:  27 am 
Of all the articles written on the Trump/Clinton imbroglio and the dangers that face America after the November 8 election, this is the most outstanding I have read so far. 
Firstly, it offers a neat summation of what will happen if Hillary Clinton wins: things will get worse than they have ever been before and then spiral out of control, with World War Three almost certain, given the mental instability and sheer malignancy of this female monster from hell. 
Secondly, if Trump wins, the article spells out in detail the formidable challenges that would face him '” far greater in magnitude and number than the challenges facing Putin when he came to power in Russia in 1991. To succeed against his implacable enemies '” the 'Anglo-Zionist establishment' to quote the Saker '” Trump would have to possess the fighting spirit and unique chessmaster skills of Vladimir Putin. 
Alas, even his most ardent admirers cannot possibly believe that Trump is half the man that Putin is. Indeed, the Saker ends his laudatory article of Trump with the surprising words, 'I still don't trust him.' This is because Trump is largely an unknown factor. He is the devil we don't know. 
'The United States,' the Saker concludes on a somber note, 'is about to enter on what might possibly be the most dangerous crisis of its history.'

ARTICLE

AMERICA VANQUISHED, Part 1: America as an Israeli Colony About 
This is the website of Lasha Darkmoon, an anglo-American academic with higher degrees in Classics who lives and works in England. You can read more about Darkmoon here . Subscribe to our Newsletter Subscribe to get important new posts and other updates via our occasional newsletter. Meta

ARTICLE

October 30, 2016 at 4:49 pm 
Quite possible that Trump is surfing a much more significant phenomenon, powered by the total penetration by internet, the neural system of the world. 
to keep insisting that it is just business as usual is like claiming that because no earthquake happened for the last observed 100 days, it will never happen. 
An aside, regarding the gatekeeping: i am quite certain that the jew has covered the entire gamut from outrageous lying of pam geller through restrained lying of alex jones and veterans today to deep sayanim sites that to this date have never failed to speak nothing but the truth, yet only wait to start their siren call to the ever sly deception. remain vigilant.

ARTICLE

By Tom Leonard with pictures and captions added by Lasha Darkmoon 
Hillary ClinÂ­ton faced an upÂ­set in her run for the White House two days ago afÂ­ter the FBI anÂ­nounced a fresh probe into her emails. InÂ­vesÂ­tiÂ­gaÂ­tors will examine new mesÂ­sages to see whether she sent clasÂ­siÂ­fied inÂ­forÂ­maÂ­tion on a private server. Just ten days beÂ­fore AmerÂ­iÂ­cans go to the polls, the DemoÂ­crat candidate's bid to beÂ­come the first woman US presÂ­iÂ­dent may be deÂ­railed if it is deÂ­cided she should face crimÂ­iÂ­nal charges. 'I AM INNOCENT!' Recent Polls sugÂ­gest Mrs Clinton will trounce RepubÂ­liÂ­can riÂ­val DonÂ­ald Trump, who has been strugÂ­gling to fight alÂ­leÂ­gaÂ­tions about gropÂ­ing women. But Mrs ClinÂ­ton will now be forced on the deÂ­fenÂ­sive herÂ­self in the fiÂ­nal days of their viÂ­cious elecÂ­tion batÂ­tle. FBI diÂ­recÂ­tor James Comey had recÂ­omÂ­mended earÂ­lier this year that the Department of JusÂ­tice not press charges over emails sent by Mrs ClinÂ­ton when she was secÂ­reÂ­tary of state unÂ­der Barack Obama. But he said 'reÂ­cent deÂ­velÂ­opÂ­ments' had prompted him to take anÂ­other look. The agency has obÂ­tained new emails from an unÂ­reÂ­lated case that 'apÂ­pear perÂ­tiÂ­nent' to the inÂ­vesÂ­tiÂ­gaÂ­tion, said Mr Comey. A juÂ­biÂ­lant Mr Trump hailed the draÂ­matic deÂ­velÂ­opÂ­ment of a re-opened investigation as 'bigÂ­ger than WaterÂ­gate', a refÂ­erÂ­ence to the corÂ­rupÂ­tion scanÂ­dal that brought down Richard Nixon. 'Bigger than Watergate' The conÂ­troÂ­versy has weighed heavÂ­ily on the camÂ­paign, chalÂ­lengÂ­ing Mrs Clinton's key conÂ­tention that '“ unÂ­like her opponent '“ she would be a safe pair of hands in the White House. Mr Comey anÂ­nounced in July that the FBI's 12-month investigation into Mrs Clinton's conÂ­troÂ­verÂ­sial email trafÂ­fic while secretary of state was over. She was critÂ­iÂ­cised for usÂ­ing a priÂ­vate email server rather than the ofÂ­fiÂ­cial system to transÂ­mit clasÂ­siÂ­fied inÂ­forÂ­maÂ­tion, but escaped proseÂ­cuÂ­tion. In a harshly-worded critÂ­iÂ­cism of her 'exÂ­treme careÂ­lessÂ­ness' and 'gross negligence', Mr Comey said it was posÂ­siÂ­ble that hosÂ­tile forÂ­eign governÂ­ments had gained acÂ­cess to her poorly-proÂ­tected acÂ­count. He also flatly conÂ­traÂ­dicted varÂ­iÂ­ous Clinton claims alÂ­though '“ in exÂ­plainÂ­ing why he had not recÂ­omÂ­mended prosÂ­eÂ­cutÂ­ing her '“ he acÂ­cepted there was no evidence she had inÂ­tenÂ­tionÂ­ally jeopÂ­arÂ­dised state seÂ­crets. The scanÂ­dal has been branÂ­dished by RepubÂ­liÂ­cans as evÂ­iÂ­dence of Mrs ClinÂ­ton's disÂ­honÂ­esty and inÂ­comÂ­peÂ­tence. Mr Comey informed Congress by letÂ­ter that his agency had obÂ­tained new emails. They will be reÂ­viewed to see if they are sigÂ­nifÂ­iÂ­cant and if new acÂ­tion against Mrs ClinÂ­ton is reÂ­quired. Mr Comey did not give a timeÂ­frame for how long this inÂ­vesÂ­tiÂ­gaÂ­tion will take. The origÂ­iÂ­nal FBI probe found that of 30,000 emails Mrs ClinÂ­ton handed over to the State DepartÂ­ment, 110 conÂ­tained inÂ­forÂ­maÂ­tion that was clasÂ­siÂ­fied at the time she sent or reÂ­ceived them. HowÂ­ever, anÂ­other 33,000 emails went missÂ­ing. They were preÂ­sumed to have been perÂ­maÂ­nently deleted but newly reÂ­leased FBI notes sugÂ­gested they still exÂ­ist in sevÂ­eral locations and could be reÂ­covÂ­ered. It is unÂ­clear whether any of these are inÂ­volved in the new FBI inÂ­quiry. Law enÂ­forceÂ­ment ofÂ­fiÂ­cials said the newly disÂ­covÂ­ered emails were taken from the elecÂ­tronic deÂ­vices of seÂ­nior ClinÂ­ton aide Huma AbeÂ­din and her disÂ­graced husÂ­band AnÂ­thony Weiner durÂ­ing an inÂ­vesÂ­tiÂ­gaÂ­tion in the latÂ­ter's 'sexÂ­ting' of girls. ANTHONY WEINER AND HUMA ABEDIN 
LD : Huma is a Palestinian and rumored to be Hillary Clinton's lesbian lover. Weiner is a Jewish sexual pervert who, incidentally, is passionate about gun control. He wants women to be disarmed, it has been said, so that sexual predators like himself can attack them more easily. 
Weiner, a forÂ­mer DemoÂ­crat conÂ­gressÂ­man for New York, beÂ­came emÂ­broiled in a seÂ­ries of scanÂ­dals over exÂ­changÂ­ing sexÂ­uÂ­ally exÂ­plicit text mesÂ­sages with a string of women. 
He sepÂ­aÂ­rated from Miss AbeÂ­din, vice chairÂ­man of the ClinÂ­ton camÂ­paign, in AuÂ­gust. 
It is unÂ­derÂ­stood the FBI is inÂ­vesÂ­tiÂ­gatÂ­ing Weiner afÂ­ter it was reÂ­vealed that he had been sexÂ­ting a high school stuÂ­dent who was 15 at the time. Mr Trump reÂ­acted with deÂ­light to Mrs ClinÂ­ton's 11th-hour elecÂ­tion nightÂ­mare. 
AdÂ­dressÂ­ing a juÂ­biÂ­lant crowd in New HampÂ­shire, Trump said: 'HilÂ­lary ClinÂ­ton's corÂ­rupÂ­tion is on a scale we've never seen beÂ­fore. We must not let her take her crimÂ­iÂ­nal scheme into the Oval OfÂ­fice.' Mr Trump had preÂ­viÂ­ously critÂ­iÂ­cised the FBI and DepartÂ­ment of JusÂ­tice for not bringÂ­ing charges against his elecÂ­tion opponent. His runÂ­ning mate, Mike Pence, called on the FBI to imÂ­meÂ­diÂ­ately reÂ­lease all the emails perÂ­tiÂ­nent to the investigation, adding: 'The AmerÂ­iÂ­can peoÂ­ple have a right to know.' The RepubÂ­liÂ­can vice presÂ­iÂ­denÂ­tial canÂ­diÂ­date told a rally in PennÂ­sylÂ­vaÂ­nia, that he and DonÂ­ald Trump 'comÂ­mend the FBI for havÂ­ing the courage to reÂ­open the case'. Chants of 'Lock her up!' came even beÂ­fore Mr Pence refÂ­erÂ­enced the FBI investigation. Mrs ClinÂ­ton igÂ­nored shouted quesÂ­tions from reÂ­porters about the new FBI investigation as she walked off her plane in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. House Speaker Paul Ryan, the most seÂ­nior RepubÂ­liÂ­can in Congress, said she had beÂ­trayed AmerÂ­iÂ­cans' trust for hanÂ­dling 'the naÂ­tion's most imÂ­porÂ­tant secrets. HOT NEWS! (just sent in by our Far Eastern correspondent 'FM') LATEST! . . . 4-minute VIDEO

ARTICLE

By Tom Leonard with pictures, captions, and comments by Lasha Darkmoon 
Hillary ClinÂ­ton faced an upÂ­set in her run for the White House two days ago afÂ­ter the FBI anÂ­nounced a fresh probe into her emails. InÂ­vesÂ­tiÂ­gaÂ­tors will examine new mesÂ­sages to see whether she sent clasÂ­siÂ­fied inÂ­forÂ­maÂ­tion on a private server. Just ten days beÂ­fore AmerÂ­iÂ­cans go to the polls, the DemoÂ­crat candidate's bid to beÂ­come the first woman US presÂ­iÂ­dent may be deÂ­railed if it is deÂ­cided she should face crimÂ­iÂ­nal charges. 'I AM INNOCENT!' Recent Polls sugÂ­gest Mrs Clinton will trounce RepubÂ­liÂ­can riÂ­val DonÂ­ald Trump, who has been strugÂ­gling to fight alÂ­leÂ­gaÂ­tions about gropÂ­ing women. But Mrs ClinÂ­ton will now be forced on the deÂ­fenÂ­sive herÂ­self in the fiÂ­nal days of their viÂ­cious elecÂ­tion batÂ­tle. LD : The latest news is that Hillary's 12-point lead has been ' wiped out ' within the last 24 hours, with Hillary now just one point ahead of Trump. This could of course change at any moment, with rapid fluctuations, depending on the volatility of the situation. FBI diÂ­recÂ­tor James Comey had recÂ­omÂ­mended earÂ­lier this year that the Department of JusÂ­tice not press charges over emails sent by Mrs ClinÂ­ton when she was secÂ­reÂ­tary of state unÂ­der Barack Obama. But he said 'reÂ­cent deÂ­velÂ­opÂ­ments' had prompted him to take anÂ­other look. The agency has obÂ­tained new emails from an unÂ­reÂ­lated case that 'apÂ­pear perÂ­tiÂ­nent' to the inÂ­vesÂ­tiÂ­gaÂ­tion, said Mr Comey. A juÂ­biÂ­lant Mr Trump hailed the draÂ­matic deÂ­velÂ­opÂ­ment of a re-opened investigation as 'bigÂ­ger than WaterÂ­gate', a refÂ­erÂ­ence to the corÂ­rupÂ­tion scanÂ­dal that brought down Richard Nixon. 'Bigger than Watergate' The conÂ­troÂ­versy has weighed heavÂ­ily on the camÂ­paign, chalÂ­lengÂ­ing Mrs Clinton's key conÂ­tention that '“ unÂ­like her opponent '“ she would be a safe pair of hands in the White House. Mr Comey anÂ­nounced in July that the FBI's 12-month investigation into Mrs Clinton's conÂ­troÂ­verÂ­sial email trafÂ­fic while secretary of state was over. She was critÂ­iÂ­cised for usÂ­ing a priÂ­vate email server rather than the ofÂ­fiÂ­cial system to transÂ­mit clasÂ­siÂ­fied inÂ­forÂ­maÂ­tion, but escaped proseÂ­cuÂ­tion. In a harshly-worded critÂ­iÂ­cism of her 'exÂ­treme careÂ­lessÂ­ness' and 'gross negligence', Mr Comey said it was posÂ­siÂ­ble that hosÂ­tile forÂ­eign governÂ­ments had gained acÂ­cess to her poorly-proÂ­tected acÂ­count. He also flatly conÂ­traÂ­dicted varÂ­iÂ­ous Clinton claims alÂ­though '“ in exÂ­plainÂ­ing why he had not recÂ­omÂ­mended prosÂ­eÂ­cutÂ­ing her '“ he acÂ­cepted there was no evidence she had inÂ­tenÂ­tionÂ­ally jeopÂ­arÂ­dised state seÂ­crets. The scanÂ­dal has been branÂ­dished by RepubÂ­liÂ­cans as evÂ­iÂ­dence of Mrs ClinÂ­ton's disÂ­honÂ­esty and inÂ­comÂ­peÂ­tence. Mr Comey informed Congress by letÂ­ter that his agency had obÂ­tained new emails. They will be reÂ­viewed to see if they are sigÂ­nifÂ­iÂ­cant and if new acÂ­tion against Mrs ClinÂ­ton is reÂ­quired. Mr Comey did not give a timeÂ­frame for how long this inÂ­vesÂ­tiÂ­gaÂ­tion will take. The origÂ­iÂ­nal FBI probe found that of 30,000 emails Mrs ClinÂ­ton handed over to the State DepartÂ­ment, 110 conÂ­tained inÂ­forÂ­maÂ­tion that was clasÂ­siÂ­fied at the time she sent or reÂ­ceived them. HowÂ­ever, anÂ­other 33,000 emails went missÂ­ing. They were preÂ­sumed to have been perÂ­maÂ­nently deleted but newly reÂ­leased FBI notes sugÂ­gested they still exÂ­ist in sevÂ­eral locations and could be reÂ­covÂ­ered. It is unÂ­clear whether any of these are inÂ­volved in the new FBI inÂ­quiry. Law enÂ­forceÂ­ment ofÂ­fiÂ­cials said the newly disÂ­covÂ­ered emails were taken from the elecÂ­tronic deÂ­vices of seÂ­nior ClinÂ­ton aide Huma AbeÂ­din and her disÂ­graced husÂ­band AnÂ­thony Weiner durÂ­ing an inÂ­vesÂ­tiÂ­gaÂ­tion in the latÂ­ter's 'sexÂ­ting' of girls. ANTHONY WEINER AND HUMA ABEDIN 
Note by LD : Huma Abedin is an American Muslim of Indo-Pakistani descent. Weiner is a disgraced Jewish politician who has been involved in a series of sex scandals. When Huma found out about her husband's sleazy sexual activities, she was forced to divorce him. This was in August 2016. The unlikely couple had been married for just over six years. 
As for Huma, her relationship with Hillary Clinton has been an extraordinarily close one for almost 20 years, so much so that there have been sensational rumors of a lesbian liaison . The view for popular consumption is that Hillary is Huma's 'mentor' and 'mother figure'. Hillary once compared Huma to her own daughter Chelsea. 'I have one daughter,' she said. 'But if I had a second daughter, it would be Huma.' Huma's real mother, noting that Hillary had now replaced her in her daughter's affections, once told Hillary jokingly, 'I'm jealous of you!' (See here ) 
John Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono ( pictured ), claims to have had a lesbian affair with Hillary in the 1970s. 'We met many times,' Yoko boasts, 'and became very intimate !' (LD) 
TOM LEONARD continues : 
Weiner, a forÂ­mer DemoÂ­crat conÂ­gressÂ­man for New York, beÂ­came emÂ­broiled in a seÂ­ries of scanÂ­dals over exÂ­changÂ­ing sexÂ­uÂ­ally exÂ­plicit text mesÂ­sages with a string of women. 
He sepÂ­aÂ­rated from Miss AbeÂ­din, vice chairÂ­man of the ClinÂ­ton camÂ­paign, in AuÂ­gust. 
It is unÂ­derÂ­stood the FBI is inÂ­vesÂ­tiÂ­gatÂ­ing Weiner afÂ­ter it was reÂ­vealed that he had been sexÂ­ting a high school stuÂ­dent who was 15 at the time. Mr Trump reÂ­acted with deÂ­light to Mrs ClinÂ­ton's 11th-hour elecÂ­tion nightÂ­mare. 
AdÂ­dressÂ­ing a juÂ­biÂ­lant crowd in New HampÂ­shire, Trump said: 
' HilÂ­lary ClinÂ­ton's corÂ­rupÂ­tion is on a scale we've never seen beÂ­fore. We must not let her take her crimÂ­iÂ­nal scheme into the Oval OfÂ­fice.' Mr Trump had preÂ­viÂ­ously critÂ­iÂ­cised the FBI and DepartÂ­ment of JusÂ­tice for not bringÂ­ing charges against his elecÂ­tion opponent. His runÂ­ning mate, Mike Pence, called on the FBI to imÂ­meÂ­diÂ­ately reÂ­lease all the emails perÂ­tiÂ­nent to the investigation, adding: 'The AmerÂ­iÂ­can peoÂ­ple have a right to know.' The RepubÂ­liÂ­can vice presÂ­iÂ­denÂ­tial canÂ­diÂ­date told a rally in PennÂ­sylÂ­vaÂ­nia, that he and DonÂ­ald Trump 'comÂ­mend the FBI for havÂ­ing the courage to reÂ­open the case'. Chants of 'Lock her up!' came even beÂ­fore Mr Pence refÂ­erÂ­enced the FBI investigation. Mrs ClinÂ­ton igÂ­nored shouted quesÂ­tions from reÂ­porters about the new FBI investigation as she walked off her plane in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. House Speaker Paul Ryan, the most seÂ­nior RepubÂ­liÂ­can in Congress, said she had beÂ­trayed AmerÂ­iÂ­cans' trust for hanÂ­dling 'the naÂ­tion's most imÂ­porÂ­tant secrets. HOT NEWS! (just sent in by our Far Eastern correspondent 'FM') LATEST! . . . 4-minute VIDEO

ARTICLE

Wikileaks Just Released Her Full Isis Donor List With Names! 
WikiLeaks just finished the job that started few months ago! Hillary just got killed! She is not going to survive this! It's too much! Pure treason! 
According to Conservative Daily Post: Barack Hussein Obama and Hillary Clinton are the founders of ISIS. We have proven that through emails and documents leaked from WikiLeaks, but liberal media outlets still refuse to cover it. 
After all, they are still more focused on what Trump said eleven years ago than what Hillary has actually done. 
Because of brave patriots like Julian Assange, we have been given more evidence that Hillary Clinton is more connected to ISIS than we originally believed. 
An email was leaked between Clinton and John Podesta indicating that: 'Western intelligence, US intelligence and sources in the region' to accuse Qatar and Saudi Arabia of 'providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL [or ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups in the region.' 
Citing the need to 'use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets,' said Hillary to Podesta while arguing the current developments in the Middle East were 'important to the U.S. for reasons that often differ from country to country.' 
Odd that Clinton argues Saudi Arabia and Qatar are helping fund ISIS when Hillary's largest donations come from those two countries. 
In another correspondence from 2012, the Director of Foreign Policy at the Clinton Foundation, Amitabh Desai, set up a meeting with Bill Clinton for five minutes in exchange for a $1,000,000 'birthday check.' 
The email adds that the small but rich nation occupying the Qatar Peninsula would 'welcome the Clinton Foundation's suggestions for investments in Haiti '” particularly on education and health.' Desai added that while Qatar had already 'allocated most of their $20 million '¦ they were happy to consider projects we suggest.' Like this? Share it now.

ARTICLE

( henrymakow.com ) 'Salman Hossein (left) was forced to flee Canada in 2010 with police on his tail for antisemitic activities. From his exile in Dhaka, Bangladesh, he says Hillary will win and lead the US to world war. Masonic Jewish central bankers can't allow Trump to win because he will turn on them. They are already losing world control and Trump would be the final nail in their coffin.' '” Henry Makow 
LD: Salman was a prolific commenter on this site whose posts had to be carefully monitored because of their constant obscenities and bloodcurdling threats of mass extermination. A Muslim radical, to put it mildly. 
Salman's prediction that Hillary will win is not, in my opinion, a far-fetched one. I think it is a distinct possibility if all this, as I suspect, is pure theater. A huge surprise could be in store for us in the next few days. 
A sudden announcement by FBI Director James Comey, two days before the election, giving Hillary a clean bill of health over her problematic emails, could result in a last-minute surge in support of Hillary that could sweep her into the White House. According to one report, the FBI 'may be able to sift through them [the emails under investigation] before election day .' Additional information harmful to Trump, involving ' his close links to the Kremlin ', could also be manufactured in a bid to help Hillary. 
All this, however, is pure speculation. [LD] 
SALMAN HOSSEIN : After 9-11, there were eight regimes that had not submitted to the authority of the Jewish bankers. Four of them either got taken out or bullied/bribed/coerced into bowing down '“ Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, and Sudan. The only problem is that recently China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, and Turkey have broken out of the sphere of control. Syria is still independent and fighting to maintain its sovereignty against Israeli expansionism and Banker domination. 
Putin recently put out an arrest warrant for George Soros for currency manipulation and has issued a decree banning the Rothschild clan from Russia. Russia is also causing problems for the Israelis and the West by defending the regime of Bashar Al Assad from Nusra and Da'esh/ISIS. Israeli expansionism has been kept in check by Russia. China has also more or less wrested free of control from the International Jewish oligarchy. As a pro-Israeli asset , Trump is not a threat to Israeli expansionism in Gaza and the West Bank. He has even opened up a campaign office in Israel. He is essentially aligning white gentile power with the Israeli-Jewish supremacist camp. He only cares about Israel and will facilitate even worse oppression of Arabs and Muslims not only in Palestine and the rest of the Greater Middle East but in the Western world as well. He consistently repeats the false ' Muslim terrorist ' narrative. He is even worse than George W. Bush Junior . As the alternative to the US Dollar, the new BRICS monetary system is also challenging Jewish control of international finance. The heavyweights in the BRICS alliance are Russia and China. There are those who claim that BRICS is also covertly run by the Jewish bankers. I don't buy this. The Chinese are fully aware of the Jewish question . The Russians kicked out Jewish criminals . They won't be able to penetrate the economy as well as they have done in the Western world. THE DILEMMA OF JEWISH SUPREMACISM Jewish supremacists view European gentiles as either pawns for their game of global conquest and perpetual warfare or if that is not feasible '“ their targets of destruction and hatred. Historically speaking, Jews have been expelled over 109 times in history. 105 of these times have been in Europe. That is why left-wing Jewish groups are so vehemently pushing for the replacement and liquidation of indigenous Europeans by either making them a minority or making those countries uninhabitable via the anticipated thermonuclear warfare which they are instigating . Most White Americans, Australians, Canadians, and New Zealanders are also of European ancestry '“ and are also targets for destruction/revenge by these Jewish extremists/supremacists for many decades now. The influx of refugees by Jewish groups with the assistance of organized crime gangs is Talmudic vengeance par excellence. For the Diaspora Jews, its an all-or-nothing zero sum game. They either take their chances with NATO and go all in against China, Iran, Russia, and eventually Turkey or eventually risk losing more countries from their grip and/or control. However, going head on against them will lead to World War Three. Their hatred for white gentiles is so great (due to past perceived historical injustices) that they are willing to risk death themselves in the process of getting others killed. There is no where the so-called (Jewish dominated) elite can really hide or travel to. All their contingency plans are being exposed . TRUMP IS LESSER OF TWO EVILS Trump is the lesser of the two evils because he does not appear insane enough to go after China and Russia at the same time. However, I personally prefer NATO going up against China and Russia. The West has been killing defenseless people as target practice alone for the last few centuries alone '“ they need a challenge this time. Russia along with assistance from China will put them in their place. The great news is that the Jewish war-mongers have already won! Hillary has already been declared the war president of the United States. I support Hillary Clinton in her desire to go to war against Russia. I have been praying for the day this would happen. In fact, thermonuclear warfare is just right around the corner. Nobody should be complaining about this. Without thermonuclear warfare, there is no way International Jewry's grip on temporal power can be crushed. That is the other reason I left Canada! I'd like to end this piece by sending out the following Halloween message to everyone: Enjoy the party while it lasts! Make sure you have a blast! Hasta La Vista Baby!!! Like this? Share it now. 8 thoughts on ' Muslim Radical Salman Hossein says Hillary will win ' LD says:

ARTICLE

By ANN COULTER 13 reasons for voting for Donald Trump 
(1) Eleven years ago, Trump said on a secretly recorded tape that celebrities can do anything '” even grab a woman's p*ssy. 
Hillary, born-again Victorian virgin, campaigns with Beyonce, who performs a duet with the words 'curvalicious, p*ssy served delicious.' 
Hillary is thrilled to have the support of Madonna '” who has publicly offered to give blow jobs to anyone who votes for Hillary. (She'll even remove her teeth!) 
Hillary's campaign has deployed Miley Cyrus to canvas for her '” when Cyrus is not busy inviting men in the audience to reach up and grab her p*ssy. (Here's a video of delicate flower Miley Cyrus in action.) 
When Vernon Jordan was asked by CBS' Mike Wallace what he talked about while golfing with Bill Clinton '” aka Hillary's husband '” he answered: 'P*ssy.' 
Oh, and 11 years before Teddy Kennedy ran for president as the Conscience of the Democratic Party '” he killed a girl. After grabbing her p*ssy. 
(2) Trump's a sexual predator! 
Hillary's husband is a well-established rapist, groper and pants-dropper. She's his fixer. 
Unlike the serial predations of her husband, leveled repeatedly throughout the decades, the timing of these 11th-hour allegations against Trump make them highly suspect. 
Recall that The New York Times spent months investigating Trump's treatment of women earlier this year. The Newspaper of Record put its best reporters on the job, interviewed a dozen women, and the paper splashed the story on its front page. But the best the Timescould come up with was a story about Trump, as a bachelor, publicly praising a model for looking great in a bikini at his pool party. Then they dated. The horror. 
Five months later, just days before the election, there doesn't seem to be a female Democrat who isn't claiming to have been groped by Trump '” and getting loads of fawning publicity. 
(3) Trump doesn't give enough to charity. 
The media only counts 'charitable giving' if it can be taken as a tax deduction with the IRS. When Trump spent time and money saving a Georgia family farm from foreclosure in the 1980s, for example, he didn't get any tax write-off. 
Hillary, by contrast, was a big philanthropist because, at about the same time, she was taking a deduction for donations of Bill's used underwear '” the modern equivalent of smallpox-laden blankets. Today, the munificent Clinton Foundation spends less than 10 percent of its revenues on actual charity, using about 90 percent for salaries, offices and travel. 
(4) Several of Trump's businesses went bankrupt. 
Trump has created or helped create hundreds of businesses. Fewer than 10 went bankrupt. Hillary had one business, Whitewater Development Corp., and it went bankrupt '” after ripping off scores of ordinary Americans. Also, a dozen prominent Arkansans went to prison in connection with sleazy financial transactions involving Whitewater. 
(5) Trump University was a scam! 
Approximately 10,000 graduates of Trump University were thrilled with the program and said so in writing. But a law firm that paid Hillary and Bill Clinton $675,000 for three speeches managed to find a handful of disgruntled students to be the named plaintiffs in a class-action lawsuit against it. 
Trump University was a minuscule portion of Trump's portfolio. Whitewater was a huge part of Bill and Hillary's get-rich-quick schemes, scamming the elderly, retirees and working-class Americans for the money-hungry Clintons. 
As described by The Washington Post, people who bought property from the Whitewater Development Corp. were required to submit a down payment, followed by monthly payments, until the entire purchase price of the property was paid off. But if buyers missed a single payment for any reason, the entire transaction would be deemed null and void, and the property, as well as all prior payments, would be forfeited to the Whitewater corporation. No foreclosure proceeding, no court hearing, no due process. 
More than half of Whitewater's customers lost their entire investment. (See 'Whitewater Repossessions; Sales Practice Benefited Clintons, Partners,' The Washington Post, April 21, 1994.) 
Though Hillary had long claimed to have nothing to do with the operation of the business, when the books were finally opened, it turned out that the monthly checks were mailed to the Whitewater Development Corp. '” 'care of Hillary Rodham Clinton.' (See 'Records Show Wider Role for Hillary Clinton; Whitewater Papers Detail Involvement,' The Washington Post, April 21, 1994.) 
(6) We can't allow Trump access to nuclear codes! 
Hillary is the one who is champing at the bit to go to war with Russia, which, I am reliably informed, is a nuclear power. 
At least Hillary's adept at dealing with sensitive digital information. Huma! Quick! Are the nuclear launch codes on my Blackberry, my desktop thingy or my Facebook page? 
Compared to Hillary, we'd be safer if the nuclear codes were held by Miley Cyrus (unless she kept them in her p*ssy). 
(7) Trump's temperament will get us into World War III. 
Hillary's temperament drove her to push for intervention in the Libyan civil war against Moammar Gadhafi for the sole purpose of giving her a foreign policy success that could be all her own. 
Obama was skeptical. Libya was Hillary's baby. (Sidney Blumenthal's email to Hillary: 'First, brava! This is a historic moment and you will be credited for realizing it.') 
After Gadhafi was killed, Hillary's temperament led her to go on TV and laughingly say, 'We came. We saw. He died.' 
Unfortunately, Hillary hadn't given the slightest thought to what would come next. What came next was: the Muslim Brotherhood, the murder of Americans in Benghazi and millions of refugees pouring into Western Europe. 
(8) Trump failed to denounce David Duke with the ferocity deemed sufficient by our media. 
No one even knows if Duke actually exists or is just a phantom produced by the media every four years to smear Republicans. 
I know that no one has ever been incited to commit murder after listening to a David Duke speech. Lots of people have been murdered by someone who'd just heard an Al Sharpton speech: seven at Freddy's Fashion Mart in Harlem, and one Orthodox Jew, plus one Italian mistaken for a Jew, in Crown Heights. 
Hillary has not disavowed Sharpton '” nor would our media be so rude as to ask. 
The mother of Ferguson thug Mike Brown, Lesley McSpadden, campaigns with Hillary '” she even took the stage at the Democratic National Convention. The father of Omar Mateen, the Orlando nightclub shooter, appeared on stage behind Hillary at a rally. 
If the media won't ask her to 'disavow' the relatives of criminals and terrorists featured at her events, could they at least ask her if she approves of their parenting techniques? 
(9) Trump is a 'racist' because of his plan to remove Muslim jihadists, Mexican drug dealers and rapists from our country. 
Apart from the fact that 'drug dealer,' 'rapist' and 'jihadist' are not races, we didn't do anything to Muslims or Mexicans, except send them billions of dollars in foreign aid. The only 'racism' Americans care about is that toward black Americans. We did something to them. 
Hillary asks blacks to vote for her, then vows to bring in millions of Muslims and Mexicans to take their jobs '” the ones that 'Americans just won't do.' That's racism. 
(10) Trump 'fat-shamed' Miss Universe! 
No, he didn't '” he saved her crown and she was grateful. It's on tape. 
But more importantly, the Miss Universe in question is Alicia Machado, well-known in Venezuela as a publicity-seeking clown. 
Machado is credibly accused of: driving the getaway car in an attempted murder; threatening to kill a federal judge; and being the baby mama to drug cartel kingpin Gerardo Alvarez-Vazquez, who was on the State Department's 'Most Wanted' list under '” let's see, checking my notes '” Hillary Clinton. 
Until 1975, everyone would have realized that it's stupid to bring in single mothers with no marketable job skills, to add to the dependent class. If we did bring them in, politicians wouldn't proudly introduce them at rallies. 
But Machado is Hillary's model immigrant. Her only job skill is voting. Upside: Hillary gets another vote. Downside: You'll be supporting Machado and her anchor baby for the rest of their lives, America. 
(11) Trump is challenging the very foundation of our democracy by saying elections are rigged! 
They are rigged '” ask former Sen. Norm Coleman of Minnesota, whose 2008 election was provably stolen from him when more than a thousand ineligible felons voted for Al Franken in a race Coleman lost by 312 votes. (At least it wasn't an important election: Franken provided the 60th, and deciding, vote to pass Obamacare.) 
In any event, Hillary says the election is rigged, too '” by the Russkies! 
The Democrats and the media have gone full John Birch Society on us. There's a fifth column in America '” and their leader is Donald Trump!!! 
This is a marked departure from their previous cosmopolitan sangfroid about communism. We could have really used this fighting spirit during the Cold War. Instead, we got Jimmy Carter warning Americans about their 'inordinate fear of communism.' 
Today, bad-ass, eye-rolling journalists are somberly announcing: 'I have in my hand a list '” a list of Donald Trump supporters, who are a conscious, articulate instrument of the Russian conspiracy '¦' 
(12) Trump is shallow, has a microscopic attention span and has not studied political issues deeply. 
On the other hand, he has a good heart, good judgment and wants the right outcome for America: limits on immigration, fair trade deals, the elimination of Wall Street tax breaks and no more pointless Middle East wars. 
Hillary doesn't want any of these things. She is good at memorizing all her little facts, but is deeply evil. She wakes up early in the morning to make sure she does the wrong thing for America. 
(13) Trump has personal baggage. 
This election is not about Trump. It's never been about Trump. Anyone running on his platform of putting Americans first would be torn to shreds. 
There are probably lots of bad things Trump's done in his personal life in the past. The ruling class wants Hillary to do bad things to our country in the future.

ARTICLE

( theoccidentalobsever.net ) Pictures and captions by Darkmoon 
Yes, it's just another Jewish plot. And the way they're doing it is by scamming the public into believing that these illegal immigrants'”all of them adult males'”are helpless 'child refugees'. 
These 'child refugees', who have conveniently lost their passports, claim to be under 18. Some of the child migrants even have bushy beards. The British government and the elite media argue that migrants tend to 'age quickly''”because of their traumatic war experiences. You can't make this up. 
The dismantling of the Calais 'Jungle' refugee camp has been marked by huge scenes of disorder with rioting, at least one gang rape , and much of the camp going up in flames. But there has been uproar in Britain too since the realisation that most of the thousands of 'child refugees' , which the Prime Minister had agreed to accept, were neither children nor refugees. 
From the moment these healthy, strapping adult male migrants stepped off the bus in London it was obvious that the British people had been subjected to yet another massive immigration deception. Those who enabled and organised this 'child refugee' scam are brazening it out, safe in the knowledge there will be no comebacks for them. 
First they attempted to prevent any more embarrassing pictures by throwing blankets over the arrivals so they resembled state witnesses at a Mafia trial. Then a screened walkway from the bus alighting point to the door of the reception centre was erected overnight for the same purpose. Dental tests to determine the real age of these youths were ruled out as an 'invasion of privacy.' And there is no question of having them deported, so nothing can be done now. They're here. Get over it. 
But of course, it all works better if there is no clamour from the public. So the powers-that-be have resorted to the tried and tested method of stifling dissent. Anyone who sticks his head above the parapet to raise doubts is subjected to stern lectures about their moral shortcomings. BBC TV presenter Gary Lineker chastised his fellow British for their 'shameful' attitudes, while Labour shadow Home Secretary Diane Abbot t attacked those who wanted to carry out dental tests to assess their age as 'racist.' Pop singer Lily Allen became a media darling when, on behalf of the people of Britain, she made a tearful apology to the refugees for causing their plight. 
Let that sink in. Britain caused the plight of the refugees. 
After voting for Brexit, for ordinary British people, who have seen their schools, hospitals and welfare services strained to breaking point, a fresh influx of immigrants was not exactly what they had been looking forward to. After all, Britain has no legal or moral obligation to take these people. They were supposed to be the responsibility of the first country they arrived at in the EU. And why are they coming to racist Europe anyway? It's incredibly short-sighted of them. Why not go to some Asian or African country? Or Israel? 
This fresh burden will be placed squarely on the local authorities that receive the immigrants, and they are going to have to dig deeply. While the government is providing Â£40,000 ($48,000) per annum for each young refugee, the total annual cost is around Â£133,000 ($162,000). So tax increases '” or reduced services in other areas '” are predicted. 
Naturally little of this will fall on the prosperous London boroughs filled with BBC-watching, morally uplifted Whites. Instead many migrants are being located in far-flung areas such as Devon or poorer northern communities already thronging with refugees, such as Bradford. 
The tipping point in the long battle to admit these bogus 'child refugees' seems to have been a multi-faith initiative in which more than 200 religious leaders led by the former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Williams and senior representatives from the Buddhist, Hindu, Muslim and Sikh faiths '” signed a letter urging the Prime Minister to admit 3,000. 
In a speech at a London synagogue, Lord Williams described the Calais camp as 'a stain' on the British conscience. But in fact, this alleged multi-faith support was not what it appeared to be. It was largely organised by dozens of Jewish activists working through an organisation called Citizens UK that organised the casework and poured substantial resources into ensuring that the necessary amendments to the law would make it through Parliament. 
The Calais 'Jungle' crisis has brought the Jewish community together in a unity of purpose rarely seen outside the occasion of Israel's various wars. From the highest communal levels to the smallest youth groups, it seems everyone Jewish has been mobilised in the cause of getting uneducated, unassimilable Muslim economic migrants into Britain. 
It is a campaign they have chosen to frame in entirely moral terms. The Jewish community's loud insistence has been that not only is Britain under a strict moral obligation to take these migrants but that there should be no upper limit. To do otherwise would be to undermine our reputation as a humanitarian country that wishes to describe itself as civilised. 
Their arguments have been formed around highly emotional anecdotes and images. Time and again we have been treated to stories of children struggling in the squalor at the Calais 'Jungle' camp. The iconic photographs of the lifeless body of three-year-old Syrian boy Aylan Kurdi washed up on a Turkish beach are frequently invoked. The iconic picture (right) that reduced millions to tears and allowed the luvvies to cry 'Let 'em all in!' You will notice that nowhere is there any consideration of the stress this is causing on existing British communities, especially those in the poorer areas where refugees are invariably housed. Nor is there any recognition of the profound unfairness this imposes on the native White community who will be required to support these strangers via the welfare system, health and housing services. Such a process is not only unaffordable, it makes a mockery of the basic idea that help from the welfare state is in return from previous tax contributions. 
There is a largely unspoken reason for this: resentment over Britain's perceived inadequacy in admitting Jewish refugees before World War II. In fact, Britain admitted many tens of thousands of Jews in the 1930s, but it is an article of faith amongst many Jews that Britain could and should have admitted many more. 
Typical of this attitude was the speech of Rabbi Herschel Gluck, founder of the Muslim-Jewish Forum. He says he lost over 100 relatives in the Holocaust and implied that Britain's wartime attitudes to refugees were to blame for this. 'I feel obliged to ensure we don't make the same mistakes,' he said. 
Numerous references were made to the Kindertransport programme by which Jewish children from Europe were smuggled into Britain. (The TOO has already debunked much of this greatly mythologised episode.) 
A veteran of that same Kindertransport is the figurehead for the Calais refugee crusade. eighty-four year old Lord Alf Dubs , a veteran Labour politician. He has tirelessly campaigned for mass immigration all his life. A former director of the Refugee Council, he somehow arrived in Britain aged six in 1939 despite Britain's horrendous attitudes at the time, and was shown much Christian charity. Since then, he has chosen to repay this kindness by devoting his life to opening Britain's borders to non-Whites from around the globe. 
According to EU law, refugees should have been processed at the first country they arrived at, so some ruse had to dreamed up whereby Britain could allow their entry. This was done through a device known as the EU's Dublin III regulation, whereby lone refugee children could be taken to any European country where they have a relative. 
This was not enough for Lord Dubs. He wanted the 'child refugees' in the Calais 'Jungle' admitted to Britain without any 'family reunion' qualification and pushed his own amendment which would oblige the British government to transfer to the UK any unaccompanied refugee children from Europe. 
To this end Lord Dubs was able to count on wholesale establishment support. Not just the Archbishop of Canterbury but charities , NGOs and even economists all rallied round. JEWISH POLITICIAN LORD ALF DUBS 'He has ceaselessly campaigned for mass immigration all his life, devoting his life to opening Britain's borders to non-Whites from around the globe.' 
The Occidental Observer has already shown the hugely disproportionate Jewish influence on a similar letter from senior lawyers. The same disproportionately Jewish influence can be seen in the plea from the 126 economists. One of the signatories was Jonathan Portes, who can be fairly regarded as the architect of Tony Blair's mass immigration disaster . 
So it seemed as if the passing of the Dubs amendment to an immigration bill was a foregone conclusion. But then at the vote in the House of Commons there was a problem. For Conservative politicians had not long finished fighting a general election campaign in which their voters had left them in no doubt how they felt about the never-ending waves of mass immigration. In the House of Commons the Dubs amendment was defeated . Jewish campaigners could barely contain their anger. 
The nagging, scolding words of Dr. Edie Friedman , director of the Jewish Council for Racial Equality, were characteristic. 
As a result, children across Europe will remain cold, alone and at risk over the coming months. This was an opportunity to stand on the right side of history, to bring relief to just 3,000 of the 95,000 unaccompanied children who applied for asylum in Europe last year. 
We wake up this morning on the wrong side of history and on the wrong side of compassion.The Immigration Bill has shown the UK at its worst, uncaring about the suffering of children a mere 30 miles away in places like Calais, but it has also shown us (sic!) at our best. 
Rabbi Harry Jacobi too was beside himself with anger at MPs voting in accordance with their electorate's wishes. For him loomed the shadow of 1938, when Britain decided to stop the flood of Jewish refugees. 
Too many MPs with hardened hearts, just like the biblical story of Pharaoh. To close their eyes and hearts to unaccompanied children, to insist that it is alright to detain pregnant women, and that refugees can still be detained indefinitely simply on the say so of an immigration official. These are not the actions of a world-leading moral civilisation. REAL CHILD REFUGEES FROM SYRIA FAKE 'CHILD REFUGEES' FROM THE THIRD WORLD'” the type being let into Britain right now under Jewish pressure. 
Then, in one of his last acts as Prime Minister, David Cameron did a U-turn and announced he would allow the amendment to go through unopposed. 
Now Britain could admit the bogus 3,000 'refugee children' unilaterally. '” Â§ '” 
Citizens UK's main task seems to be getting migrants or 'refugees' into Britain and dispersed around the country. It describes itself as a 'community organiser's hub,' but is in fact an arm of the state with deep pockets and a nationwide network of affiliated organisations. It has fought many legal battles for refugees and succeeded in getting migrant 'child asylum seekers' released from detention centres and housed in the wider community. 
So how Jewish is it? At letterhead level it seems to be drawn from a cross-section of the community, but at organiser level, the Citizens UK appears to be disproportionately Jewish. (This tactic of recruiting sympathetic non-Jews and giving them highly visible position in Jewish-dominated causes has a very long history, going back at least to immigration battles in the early twentieth century, as recounted in Chapter 6 of SAID [p. 192ff] and Chapter 7 of Culture of Critique [e.g., pp. 249-250].) They include the Citizens UK spokeswoman , Rabbi Janet Darley, who, of course, has a tear-jerking story to tell. She said it was when a 15-year-old migrant fell under the wheels of a truck he was trying to board that she felt that she had to get involved. 
For me, that was the deal breaker '” I knew I couldn't live with myself if I didn't do everything I could to make sure there were no more dead children. '¦ The Torah warns us against the wronging of a stranger. For us, this is core teaching and not an optional extra. 
Another Jewish Citizens UK activist is senior organiser Charlotte Fischer, who is lobbying for Britain to increase the total number of 'Syrian' refugees it has agreed to take from 20,000 to 50,000. 'We are doing shamefully compared to Canada' she chides. 
But the UK is doing awesomely compared to Israel. Doesn't that count for anything? '” Â§ '” 
Citizens UK campaigner Rabbi Danny Rich is co-chair of yet another arm of the refugee industry, the National Refugee Welcome Board. He clearly has the magic touch when it comes to getting access on the BBC. Since the beginning of September he has graced at least half a dozen BBC outlets including the main BBC TV news and the BBC World Service and gets softball kidglove treatment from all of them. He blithely brushed aside the concerns of ordinary British people: 'Look at the Kindertransport and the contribution made to Britain over the last 70 years by those who escaped the Nazis. Look at the contributions made today by doctors, nurses and care workers, many of who were not English born.' Anyone doubting the distinctly Jewish flavour of Citizens UK would be advised to look at this promotional video . 
Of course, no British refugee campaign would be complete without the presence of Rabbi Laura Janner-Klausner who can be guaranteed to be at the forefront at any number of 'multi faith' immigrant events including a Citizens UK vigil outside the House of Commons. 
Citizens UK is an umbrella organisation overseeing local grass roots initiatives for refugees all over the country, many of which are Jewish-organised. One of the main ones is called Safe Passage UK . In an article for the Jewish Chronicle, the two Jewish organisers described their work as 'fighting injustice.' Apparently a group of synagogues had raised Â£200,000 for them in just a few weeks. 
Rabbi Rebecca Birk was recently named by the Evening Standard as one of London's most influential people for her fund raising for Safe Passage UK. Again, her entire rationale is bound up with her Jewish identity, framed, of course, as a moral imperative stemming from the inherently moral essence of Judaism. She says : 
The Jewish identity is predicated on being a foreigner, relying on the kindness of strangers, it runs through our own theology really: doing good, mending the world. We talk of three pillars the world stands on '” the Torah, divine service, and kind acts. It's an anathema to be a Jew and only be concerned with oneself. 
LD : The idea that all Jews are full of sweetness and light, overflowing with the milk of human kindness toward their fellow human beings, can be dismissed at once as bordering on the absurd. Here are two prominent Jews who would like to see the White race genocided and White women and children cruelly raped and killed: 1. HARVARD PROFESSOR DR NOEL IGNATIEF 2. RABBI ISHMAEL LEVITTS '” Â§ '” 
A clear sense of Jewish identity also informed the efforts of the three fashionable north London women who decided to put their media careers on hold to set up the Help Refugees charity in the Calais 'Jungle.' The women, two of whom are Jewish, have tapped into a lucrative market indeed, and their outfit was one of the biggest players in Calais. It has been a massive, trendy, profile-raising success. After setting up, they were inundated with corporate contributions, and now they run 26 projects from Israel and on the migrant trail all the way across Europe. Articles about them focus on 'child refugees.' And because Hollywood is well-known for its high moralism, it is not surprising that actors such as Benedict Cumberbatch and Lena Dunham have lent their support. 
Help Refugees even has a mobile kitchen on to the shores of Greece where their volunteers are helping refugees from Turkey from their dinghies and then seeing them off on their long journey across Europe. One of these women, Dani Lawrence, insists her parents fled anti-Semitism in Morocco in the sixties. 
The Jewish community has an extremely high opinion of its charitable efforts. Their strong Jewish identities and loyalty to their tribe are obvious, and it is wonderful that all that philanthropy makes them feel so good about themselves. But it might be worthwhile for the White British to ask what exactly is in it for them, apart from Kosher certification? 
It is time to ask some searching questions about the real motives that lie behind all this Jewish selflessness. After all, a charitable disposition towards Muslims is not exactly a characteristic of Jewish life anywhere else and certainly not in the Palestinian territories. And no question is guaranteed to infuriate Jewish activists more than asking why Israel doesn't admit any refugees from Syria which is, after all, next door? 
So what do they get out of this sudden influx of unassimilable immigrants who have neither the temperament nor inclination to fit into modern Britain? Sadly, as readers of TOO are all to familiar with (see, e.g., ' Is immigration a Jewish value? '), the motivation is not compassion but veiled ethnic vindictiveness aimed at undermining and dispossessing ordinary British people. The motivation is not compassion but veiled ethnic vindictiveness 
One of the questions that British people might also ask themselves is this: If those British people in the 1930s who had admitted waves of Jewish refugees could see the fruits of what they had done, what would they think? 
If those British people, who were to suffer so much in a war they were told was about 'freedom', if they were to see the streets of Peckham, Newham or any number of London boroughs or cities today overrun by Third-Worlders, what would they think? 
And if they were then to be told, in detail, about the role of Jewish activism, power and 'philanthropy' in bringing about this transformation, what would their thoughts be then?Perhaps they would agree with so many of us. That the Jewish invocation to 'heal the world' seems to be code-words for eradicating White identity and eradicating the power of Whites to control their own destiny. 
And perhaps, instead of admitting these 'child refugees,' Britain would have been better off remembering the words of another Jewish sage, economist Milton Friedman, who said 'You can have a welfare state or you can have open borders, but you cannot have both.'

ARTICLE

November 5, 2016 at 1:20 am 
You know'¦. 
What amazes me, is that some Australian, can put a video up on YouTube, letting the world know that a woman, the next president's right hand, is a Jihadi Muslim, hellbent on installing Sharia and wanting to see the end of western civilization, describing her life, her connections and very dangerous people and yet, the CIA & FBI, who are paid billions each year, can't seem to find out the same? What does this tell me? Well, for starters, it doesn't tell me that the FBI, CIA, NSA and goodness knows how many other Acronyms, supposedly defending America, are stupid and incompetent, on the contrary, quite the opposite. It tells me that the security services, are working in tandem with those who wish to destroy western civilization and have been lying to you from day one on everything. It's somewhat amazing, when one thinks that your average American, who steals a bar of chocolate, out of a store, can be banged up for life in prison, if it's their third offence and yet people like Clinton and Abedin, responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands and the barbaric murder of a foreign leader, not forgetting working with people who are no doubt planning the subjugation of the west, under Wahabism, are simply ignored by those, who are paid by taxpayers to not allow this to happen. 
When are people going to wake up? Government IS and ALWAYS has been corrupt and nothing but a den of psychopathic prostitutes, who do the work of the highest bidder. The only way that the western people will ever rid themselves of these demons and of course their Jewish masters, it to smash the system completely and live under an anarchy, where the Jew, WILL NOT be able to build a complex security establishment to protect them. Off with their heads, the whole, damn, lot of them quite frankly. There no use to anyone and waste the oxygen they breathe.

ARTICLE

Other Writers 
An Artificial Intelligence (AI) system that correctly predicted the last three US elections says Donald Trump will win 
'If Trump loses, it will defy the data trend for the first time in the last 12 years since internet engagement began in full earnest.' '” Sanjav Rai, Indian inventor of the MogIA artificial intelligence system in 2004 
According to a report in the International Business Times (IBT) , the artificial intelligence (AI) system that accurately predicted the outcomes of the last three U.S. presidential elections has put Trump ahead of Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House. 
The AI system called MogIA was created in 2004 by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian IT company Genic.ai. 
The system works by processing 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube, the IBT explained. 
It then analyzes the information to generate predictions, taking into account data such as engagement with tweets and viewership of Facebook Live videos. 
'If Trump loses, it will defy the data trend for the first time in the last 12 years,' developer Rai was quoted as saying. 
Having already correctly predicted the winners of the Democratic and Republican primaries, the system found that people are 25 percent more engaged with Trump than they were with Barack Obama at his peak in 2008'”the year he was elected president. 
'While most algorithms suffer from programmers/developer's biases, MogIA aims at learning from her environment, developing her own rules at the policy layer and develop expert systems without discarding any data,' Rai said. 
In September this year, Professor Allan Lichtman from Washington D.C.'s American University , told the Washington Post that Trump is most likely to win based on a system of true/false statement that he calls 'Keys to the White House.' 
Professor Lichtman, who, the newspaper added, had correctly predicted the winner of every presidential election since 1984, said he based his predictions on '13 true/false questions, where an answer of 'true' always favors the reelection of the party holding the White House.' 
'If six or more of the 13 keys are false '” that is, they go against the party in power '” they lose. If fewer than six are false, the party in power gets four more years,' he said. 
These 'keys' include questions about who holds the most seats in the U.S. House of Representatives, the lack of a significant third party campaign, the economy, the extent of a real policy change should a challenger win, the level of social unrest, foreign, and military policies. 
'The keys have nothing to do with presidential approval polls or horse-race polls,' Professor Lichtman said, going on to make it evident that he personally dislikes Trump a great deal. However, on his system the Democratic party has definitely 'lost' five of the 'keys,' and is well on course to lose a sixth, which, he said, would give the election to Trump by default. 
The New Observer has long predicted that Trump can only win if at least 70 percent of whites turn out to vote, and that he takes at least two-thirds of the white vote. Anything less than that will see a liberal minority white vote team up with the block nonwhite vote to grant Clinton victory'”which was exactly how Obama was twice elected. 
Trump's only hope therefore, lies in previous non-voters turning out, a fact to which he alluded in a recent speech, where he mentioned that reports coming in from the early voting figures revealed a massive surge in people who had never voted before.

ARTICLE

Other Writers RT : 'Whistleblower Julian Assange has given one of his most incendiary interviews ever in a John Pilger Special [released late yesterday] courtesy of Dartmouth Films. Here he summarizes what can be gleaned from the tens of thousands of Clinton emails leaked by WikiLeaks this year.' 
LD : Despite the enormous populist support for Trump and the extraordinary loathing in which Hillary Clinton is held by millions of American, Assange says that 'Trump cannot be allowed to win.' 
Trump has already indicated that he will not recognize the result of the election if he loses, given the enormous enthusiasm he has generated during his speeches, compared to the relatively tepid and anaemic response evoked by Hillary Clinton on similar occasions. Recent news reports reveal that 'election related violence is increasing and Right-wing armed militia groups are even preparing for unrest if Mrs Clinton 'steals' the election, as they fear will happen.' 
If Hillary Clinton wins this election, as Assange predicts, we can expect riots to erupt all across America. Violent insurrection, in the circumstances of a rigged election, would appear to be more than justified. Hillary Clinton clearly belongs behind bars, not in the White House. [LD] John Pilger ( left ) conducted the 25-minute interview at the Ecuadorian Embassy where Assange has been trapped since 2012 for fear of extradition to the US. Here is a transcript of the interview followed by the YouTube interview itself. THE SECRET WORLD OF THE US ELECTION John Pilger: What's the significance of the FBI's intervention in these last days of the U.S. election campaign, in the case against Hillary Clinton? 
Julian Assange: If you look at the history of the FBI, it has become effectively America's political police. The FBI demonstrated this by taking down the former head of the CIA General David Petraeus over classified information given to his mistress. Almost no-one is untouchable. The FBI is always trying to demonstrate that no-one can resist us. But Hillary Clinton very conspicuously resisted the FBI's investigation, so there's anger within the FBI because it made the FBI look weak. We've published about 33,000 of Clinton's emails when she was Secretary of State. They come from a batch of just over 60,000 emails, [of which] Clinton has kept about half '” 30,000 '” to herself, and we've published about half. 
Then there are the Podesta emails we've been publishing. John Podesta is Hillary Clinton's primary campaign manager, so there's a thread that runs through all these emails; there are quite a lot of pay-for-play, as they call it, giving access in exchange for money to states, individuals and corporations. These emails are combined with the cover up of the Hillary Clinton emails when she was Secretary of State, which has led to an environment where the pressure on the FBI increases. 
'Russian government not the source of Clinton leaks' 
PILGER : The Clinton campaign has said that Russia is behind all of this, that Russia has manipulated the campaign and is the source for WikiLeaks and its emails. 
ASSANGE : The Clinton camp has been able to project that kind of neo-McCarthy hysteria: that Russia is responsible for everything. Hilary Clinton stated multiple times, falsely, that seventeen U.S. intelligence agencies had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That is false; we can say that the Russian government is not the source. 
'Saudi Arabia & Qatar funding ISIS and Clinton' 
PILGER : The emails that give evidence of access for money and how Hillary Clinton herself benefited from this and how she is benefitting politically, are quite extraordinary. I'm thinking of when the Qatari representative was given five minutes with Bill Clinton for a million dollar cheque. 
ASSANGE : And twelve million dollars from Morocco '¦ 
PILGER : Twelve million from Morocco, yeah. 
ASSANGE : For Hillary Clinton to attend a party. 
PILGER : In terms of the foreign policy of the United States, that's where the emails are most revealing, where they show the direct connection between Hillary Clinton and the foundation of jihadism, of ISIL, in the Middle East. Can you talk about how the emails demonstrate the connection between those who are meant to be fighting the jihadists of ISIL, are actually those who have helped create it. 
ASSANGE : There's an early 2014 email from Hillary Clinton, not so long after she left the State Department, to her campaign manager John Podesta that states ISIL is funded by the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. Now this is the most significant email in the whole collection, and perhaps because Saudi and Qatari money is spread all over the Clinton Foundation. Even the U.S. government agrees that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIL, or ISIS. But the dodge has always been that, well it's just some rogue Princes, using their cut of the oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. 
But that email says that no, it is the governments of Saudi and Qatar that have been funding ISIS. 
PILGER : The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the Saudis and the Qataris, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation while Hilary Clinton is Secretary of State and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly to Saudi Arabia. 
ASSANGE : Under Hillary Clinton, the world's largest ever arms deal was made with Saudi Arabia, worth more than $80 billion. In fact, during her tenure as Secretary of State, total arms exports from the United States in terms of the dollar value, doubled. 
PILGER : Of course the consequence of that is that the notorious terrorist group called ISIl or ISIS is created largely with money from the very people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation. 
ASSANGE : Yes. 
PILGER : That's extraordinary. 
'Clinton has been eaten alive by her ambition' 
ASSANGE : I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick; they faint as a result of the reaction to their ambitions. She represents a whole network of people and a network of relationships with particular states. The question is how does Hilary Clinton fit in this broader network? She's a centralising cog. You've got a lot of different gears in operation from the big banks like Goldman Sachs and major elements of Wall Street, and Intelligence and people in the State Department and the Saudis. 
She's the centraliser that inter-connects all these different cogs. She's the smooth central representation of all that, and 'all that' is more or less what is in power now in the United States. It's what we call the establishment or the DC consensus. One of the more significant Podesta emails that we released was about how the Obama cabinet was formed and how half the Obama cabinet was basically nominated by a representative from City Bank. This is quite amazing. 
PILGER : Didn't Citybank supply a list'¦ ? 
ASSANGE : Yes. 
PILGER : Which turned out to be most of the Obama cabinet? 
ASSANGE : Yes. 
PILGER : So Wall Street decides the cabinet of the President of the United States? 
ASSANGE : If you were following the Obama campaign back then, closely, you could see it had become very close to banking interests. So I think you can't properly understand Hillary Clinton's foreign policy without understanding Saudi Arabia. The connections with Saudi Arabia are so intimate. 
'Libya is Hillary Clinton's war' PILGER : Why was she so demonstrably enthusiastic about the destruction of Libya? Can you talk a little about just what the emails have told us '“ told you '“ about what happened there? Because Libya is such a source for so much of the mayhem now in Syria: the ISIL, jihadism, and so on. And it was almost Hillary Clinton's invasion. What do the emails tell us about that? 
ASSANGE : Libya, more than anyone else's war, was Hillary Clinton's war. Barak Obama initially opposed it. Who was the person championing it? Hillary Clinton. That's documented throughout her emails. She had put her favoured agent, Sidney Blumenthal, on to that; there's more than 1700 emails out of the thirty three thousand Hillary Clinton emails that we've published, just about Libya. It's not that Libya has cheap oil. She perceived the removal of Gaddafi and the overthrow of the Libyan state '” something that she would use in her run-up to the general election for President. 
So in late 2011 there is an internal document called the Libya Tick Tock that was produced for Hillary Clinton, and it's the chronological description of how she was the central figure in the destruction of the Libyan state, which resulted in around 40,000 deaths within Libya; jihadists moved in, ISIS moved in, leading to the European refugee and migrant crisis. 
Not only did you have people fleeing Libya, people fleeing Syria, the destabilisation of other African countries as a result of arms flows, but the Libyan state itself err was no longer able to control the movement of people through it. Libya faces along to the Mediterranean and had been effectively the cork in the bottle of Africa. So all problems, economic problems and civil war in Africa '” previously people fleeing those problems didn't end up in Europe because Libya policed the Mediterranean. That was said explicitly at the time, back in early 2011 by Gaddafi: 'What do these Europeans think they're doing, trying to bomb and destroy the Libyan State? There's going to be floods of migrants out of Africa and jihadists into Europe, and this is exactly what happened. 
'Trump won't be permitted to win' 
PILGER : You get complaints from people saying, 'What is WikiLeaks doing? Are they trying to put Trump in the White House?' 
ASSANGE : My answer is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he's had every establishment off side; Trump doesn't have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them an establishment, but banks, intelligence agencies, arms companies'¦ big foreign money '¦ are all united behind Hillary Clinton, and the media as well, media owners and even journalists themselves. 
PILGER : There is the accusation that WikiLeaks is in league with the Russians. Some people say, 'Well, why doesn't WikiLeaks investigate and publish emails on Russia?' 
ASSANGE : We have published about 800,000 documents of various kinds that relate to Russia. Most of those are critical; and a great many books have come out of our publications about Russia, most of which are critical. Our Russia documents have gone on to be used in quite a number of court cases: refugee cases of people fleeing some kind of claimed political persecution in Russia, which they use our documents to back up. 
PILGER : Do you yourself take a view of the U.S. election? Do you have a preference for Clinton or Trump? 
ASSANGE : Let's talk about Donald Trump. What does he represent in the American mind and in the European mind? He represents American white trash, which Hillary Clinton called 'deplorable and irredeemable'. It means from an establishment or educated cosmopolitan, urbane perspective, these people are like the red necks, and you can never deal with them. Because he so clearly '” through his words and actions and the type of people that turn up at his rallies '” represents people who are not the middle, not the upper middle educated class, there is a fear of seeming to be associated in any way with them, a social fear that lowers the class status of anyone who can be accused of somehow assisting Trump in any way, including any criticism of Hillary Clinton. If you look at how the middle class gains its economic and social power, that makes absolute sense. 
'US attempting to squeeze WikiLeaks through my refugee status' 
PILGER : I'd like to talk about Ecuador, the small country that has given you refuge and political asylum in this embassy in London. Now Ecuador has cut off the internet from here where we're doing this interview, in the Embassy, for the clearly obvious reason that they are concerned about appearing to intervene in the U.S. election campaign. Can you talk about why they would take that action and your own views on Ecuador's support for you? 
ASSANGE : Let's let go back four years. I made an asylum application to Ecuador in this embassy, because of the U.S. extradition case, and the result was that after a month, I was successful in my asylum application. The embassy since then has been surrounded by police: quite an expensive police operation which the British government admits to spending more than Â£12.6 million. They admitted that over a year ago. Now there's undercover police and there are robot surveillance cameras of various kinds '” so that there has been quite a serious conflict right here in the heart of London between Ecuador, a country of sixteen million people, and the United Kingdom, and the Americans who have been helping on the side. So that was a brave and principled thing for Ecuador to do. Now we have the U.S. election campaign, the Ecuadorian election is in February next year, and you have the White House feeling the political heat as a result of the true information that we have been publishing. 
WikiLeaks does not publish from the jurisdiction of Ecuador, from this embassy or in the territory of Ecuador; we publish from France, we publish from, from Germany, we publish from The Netherlands and from a number of other countries, so that the attempted squeeze on WikiLeaks is through my refugee status; and this is, this is really intolerable. It means that [they] are trying to get at a publishing organisation; they try and prevent it from publishing true information that is of intense interest to the American people and others about an election. 
PILGER : Tell us what would happen if you walked out of this embassy. 
ASSANGE : I would be immediately arrested by the British police and I would then be extradited either immediately to the United States or to Sweden. In Sweden I am not charged, I have already been previously cleared by the Senior Stockholm Prosecutor Eva Finne. We were not certain exactly what would happen there, but then we know that the Swedish government has refused to say that they will not extradite me to the United States we know they have extradited 100 per cent of people whom the U.S. has requested since at least 2000. So over the last fifteen years, every single person the U.S. has tried to extradite from Sweden has been extradited, and they refuse to provide a guarantee [that won't happen]. 
PILGER : People often ask me how you cope with the isolation in here. 
ASSANGE : Look, one of the best attributes of human beings is that they're adaptable; one of the worst attributes of human beings is they are adaptable. They adapt and start to tolerate abuses, they adapt to being involved themselves in abuses, they adapt to adversity and they continue on. So in my situation, frankly, I'm a bit institutionalised '” this [the embassy] is the world '¦ it's visually the world for me. 
PILGER : It's the world without sunlight, for one thing, isn't it? 
ASSANGE : It's the world without sunlight, but I haven't seen sunlight in so long, I don't remember it. 
PILGER : Yes. 
ASSANGE : So , yes, you adapt. The one real irritant is that my young children '” they also adapt. They adapt to being without their father. That's a hard, hard adaption which they didn't ask for. 
PILGER : Do you worry about them? 
ASSANGE : Yes, I worry about them; I worry about their mother. 
'I am innocent and in arbitrary detention' 
PILGER : Some people would say, 'Well, why don't you end it and simply walk out the door and allow yourself to be extradited to Sweden?' 
ASSANGE : The U.N. [the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention] has looked into this whole situation. They spent eighteen months in formal, adversarial litigation. So it's me and the U.N. verses Sweden and the U.K. Who's right? The U.N. made a conclusion that I am being arbitrarily detained illegally, deprived of my freedom and that what has occurred has not occurred within the laws that the United Kingdom and Sweden, and that those countries must obey. It is an illegal abuse. It is the United Nations formally asking, 'What's going on here? What is your legal explanation for this? Assange says that you should recognise his asylum.' And here is. 
Sweden formally writing back to the United Nations to say, 'No, we're not going to recognise the UN ruling, so leaving open their ability to extradite. 
I just find it absolutely amazing that the narrative about this situation is not put out publically in the press, because it doesn't suit the Western establishment narrative '” that yes, the West has political prisoners, it's a reality, it's not just me, there's a bunch of other people as well. The West has political prisoners. Of course, no state accepts that it should call the people it is imprisoning or detaining for political reasons, political prisoners. They don't call them political prisoners in China, they don't call them political prisoners in Azerbaijan and they don't call them political prisoners in the United States, U.K. or Sweden; it is absolutely intolerable to have that kind of self-perception. 
ASSANGE : Here we have a case, the Swedish case, where I have never been charged with a crime, where I have already been cleared by the Stockholm prosecutor and found to be innocent, where the woman herself said that the police made it up, where the United Nations formally said the whole thing is illegal, where the State of Ecuador also investigated and found that I should be given asylum. Those are the facts, but what is the rhetoric? 
PILGER : Yes, it's different. 
ASSANGE : The rhetoric is pretending, constantly pretending that I have been charged with a crime, and never mentioning that I have been already previously cleared, never mentioning that the woman herself says that the police made it up. 
The rhetoric is trying to avoid the truth that the U.N. formally found that the whole thing is illegal, never even mentioning that Ecuador made a formal assessment through its formal processes and found that yes, I am subject to persecution by the United States.

ARTICLE

November 7, 2016 at 6:55 pm 
Flopot, 
Yes, I know it makes your blood boil to consider the 'lesser of two evils' scenario. But LD has always been a conscientious non-voter and is therefore unlikely to be voting for either Trump or Hillary. Nor am I for that matter, since I am a UK resident and do not get to vote in the American elections. 
You really must reconcile yourself, Flopot, to the fact that Hillary is held in such visceral loathing that her millions of haters feel they have no option but to vote for her opponent, Donald Trump, even though they are aware of the Donald's many faults and his Zionist connections. 
It's either not voting at all or voting for the lesser of two evils.

ARTICLE

Is Trump the lesser of two evils or are both candidates equally unelectable? 
THE GREAT DEBATE BEGINS: We'll know who is right tomorrow! 
SARDONICUS (to Flopot) : I know it makes your blood boil to consider the 'lesser of two evils' scenario. But LD has always been a conscientious non-voter and is therefore unlikely to be voting for either Trump or Hillary. Nor am I for that matter, since I am a UK resident and do not get to vote in the American elections. 
You really must reconcile yourself, Flopot, to the fact that Hillary is held in such visceral loathing that her millions of haters feel they have no option but to vote for her opponent, Donald Trump, even though they are aware of the Donald's many faults and his Zionist connections. 
It's either not voting at all or voting for the lesser of two evils. 
FLOPOT : You don't understand the meaning of 'lesser of two evils'. It is a con trick; it doesn't exist. Donald will pursue the same globalist wars and cultural revolutions as any other Zionist puppet. It is a meme that exists to get your consent to continue the same evil. 
HARBINGER: Hear hear. Exactly Flopot. As I've stated umpteen times, Trump is good cop, Hillary is bad. But sadly, Sardonicus does not see the 'grand plan' even though the likes of Zbigniew Brzezinski and Carroll Quigley do, both very much part of that process. 
There is not one politician in the west who becomes what they are, without a careful vetting procedure. Classic example is Jeremy Corbin , whom many thought was going to be the saviour of Labour and take it to the Zionists, when he has proven without any shadow of a doubt that he's a rampant Zionist, even though who goes on pro Palestine marches. 
Trump is a puppet. Clinton is a puppet. May is a puppet. Merkel is a puppet'¦.. There is not ONE politician in the west who isn't part of the 'grand plan' and it's why everything works according to plan. 
SARDONICUS (to Flopot and Harbinger) : Yes, I understand exactly what both you and Harbinger are saying and I can sympathize with your viewpoint. You are saying there is NO LESSER OF TWO EVILS here since both candidates are EQUALLY EVIL. Because both are Zionists and will deliver a program to further Jewish interests. That's what you're saying, right? 
The only difference, as Harbie indicates, is that one of these two candidates is playing the 'bad cop' (Hillary) and the other is playing the 'good cop' (Trump). So it's nonsense to vote for the 'good cop' as the 'lesser of two evils' when both cops are equally evil when the chips are down. 
This is your argument and I can sympathize with it only if you are correct in your initial assumption that Trump has no redeeming features whatever and is a total charlatan and liar who will break every single promise of his if he gets into the White House. 
You are entitled to that assumption, but you are NOT entitled to believe that your assumption is universally shared. Kevin MacDonald certainly doesn't believe that Trump is a thorough scoundrel who will sell all White America down the river as soon as he is elected. Nor do the thousands of White Nationalists and other White Americans who share MacDonald's perfectly acceptable and intellectually defensible views. 
These millions of Trump supporters do NOT believe that Trump is an unmitigated scoundrel who will break his promise to build a wall to keep the Mexicans out. Trump has said he has no intention of starting a war with Russia. Hillary has made no such promise. Trump has said he will crack down on illegal immigrants, especially Muslim immigrants from hostile Muslim states. Well, MacDonald and his White Nationalists are giving Trump the benefit of the doubt. 
I for one refuse to think that Kevin MacDonald and the millions who are hoping for a resurgence of White ethnic interests are deluded and mistaken in their advocacy of Donald Trump. They could be right. Trump could be their man and actually deliver the goods, i.e., improve the lives of millions of White Americans who are now suffering under Jewish hegemony and a multiculturalism that has gone mad. 
The pessimism both of you share in regard to the irredeemable character of Donald Trump is simply a subjective state of mind. It's an opinion, not a fact. 
I may choose to say, 'I can't stand garlic and onions.' This makes me a garlic-and-onion pessimist. My subjective viewpoint that garlic and onions are horrible vegetables does not make it a scientific fact that garlic and onions are horrible vegetables. The garlic and onion eaters of the world are entitled to tell me to get lost if I told everyone to give up eating garlic and onions. 
So it is with Flopot and Harbinger with their Trump pessimism. They are making a logical mistake in confusing impressions with facts. It is not a FACT that Trump is a scoundrel; at the most it is a subjective opinion. 
HP : Trump is not a politician who has been a politician who grew up a politician and lived and breathed politics all his adult life. Apart from business/social, of course. 
He's an Alpha businessman who just happens to be waaay more intelligent and personally powerful than 99% of the political mediocres who envy and hate him. 
He came from out of nowhere and like a freight train rolled right over them before they could even cry foul or man an offense against him based on their default slime factor M.O. 
Hell, he vetted them ! Even as the entire weight of the political, M$M, Hollywood, Academia, foreigners, etc., etc., set upon him like no other in memory near or far. But they couldn't even put a dent in him, or scare him off, and you know the vile demons tried very hard. 
He didn't scare. But he did and does scare them. A lot. 
Being a uber-quick study, he easily overtook and surpassed the half-bright bureaucrat politicians and within one solitary year he IS The Alpha Politician. 
Putin (and his 12 time zones full of natural resources) will no doubt enjoy Trump. Putin will respect his intelligence, embrace his personality, utilize his uber-business talents and skills, and very very importantly, hugely importantly.. share their big big patriotism for their nations, their citizens.. 
In other words: The world gets an early Christmas present this year! 
UNGENIUS: Well said, HP! I would add only one statement: Trump is not a murderer, but Killery is a murderer of long standing which should make a choice simple between the two. 
GILBERT HUNTLY: Sardonicus, thanks for your healthy and sane perspective! Well said! ğŸ™‚ 
LOBRO: Seconding that. And add HP's perceptive comment [ above ] to the score for level headed reason. 
ARIADNATHEO: Sardonicus, Harbinger and Flopot: You are all wrong, as I used to be, I admit. 
'Jewish hegemony,' 'zionism' '¦. are nothing but red herrings that distract our attention from the real enemy. It's not 'Jews, Jews, Jews,' it's Goyim, goyim, goyim. I owe it to Amy Martin to have finally understood who are, to cite her 'the two more powerful lobbyists in the US' '” the Podesta brothers! 
Also who are the real rulers whose vast web of corruption brought them virtually absolute power: the Clintons! No Jews are involved anywhere. 
Amy is really good (AND good looking). Why did RT get rid of her? 
KAREN: Ariadnatheo, great satire! 
FLOPOT: Satire reveals truth, though. We're our own worst enemy '” gullible goy; the malleable toy. 
ARIADNATHEO: This is a prediction I trust [ short amusing video ]. 
If you watch, make sure it is BEFORE lunch. 
JOHN KIRBY: Sounds like the usual shakedown. 
THE DOT (having the last word, unedited) : 
@ darkmooners charlatans 
you have been supporting the cretin clown d j dumpy from day one just because that you are sick and mentaly diseased racist pigs just like him your lunatic drivel is just like his . guess what Adriana you sick horny hog ,your Donny will not win ,loser I seen a gifted seer and some mysterious unseen someone ,she can look at the future do some kind of time travel ,I was told that ,but my mind couldn't accept it ,so i asked for a proof ,the future winning lottery numbers.she asked for my soul then i ran away . before that she said that she visited tomorrow and Donny lost the election . now Adriana and the rest of you dark spirited hyenas ,who is crazier you or me or that witch We'll know tomorrow (Ed) Like this? Share it now. 7 thoughts on ' Celebrity Deathmatch: Darkmoon Sages Make Their Final Predictions on US Election ' Flopot says:

ARTICLE

Political analyst of the Daily Mail Introduced by Lasha Darkmoon with additional comments (includes historic 20-minute video) 'Most European leaders can barely bring themselves to look at him.' '” Dominic Sandbrook LASHA DARKMOON'S INTRODUCTION : Only yesterday an esteemed political commentator on my site had these prophetic words to say: 'Whoever wins, it's going to be a shock to end all shocks. Half of America will be shocked by jubilant rapture, the other half by black despair. I've never know any other election like this.' 
Like so any others who have ended up with egg on their faces, the same commentator had confidently predicted a victory for Hillary Clinton. These false prophets, among whom we can number the author of this present article, Dominic Sandbrook, were convinced that Hillary Clinton would soon be installed in the White House. Here is what our esteemed commentator told us yesterday. How hollow and even ridiculous his words sound today! I quote them only because they are so typical. 
Listen buddies, you are my online friends and I hope you're all gonna be made very happy tomorrow morning as Trump becomes the new Augustus of Pax Americana . But I have this sinking feeling in my gut that it ain't gonna happen. Hillary is gonna win because all the cards are stacked in her favor. 
Remember this, even if 70% of Americans vote for Trump, those Diebold voting machines are gonna turn real nasty and start spitting out fire and devil smoke. 
And it's gonna be Crazy Hillary and rapist Hubby Bill waltzing into the White House and up the gallery stairs into the hot tub on the top floor, with assorted nymphettes simpering among the bubbles and going 'Oooh! . . . Ahhh! . . . take it easy sir, I'm only a Girl Scout!' 
Ya can't make this up. ğŸ™‚ 
Silly words? Obviously. If I'd said them myself, I'd now be blushing with shame for making such a fool of myself. 
The fact is, we have all made fools of ourselves, not least the Republican Party that took the unprecedented step of disowning their own candidate, Donald Trump, and giving their support to his Democratic competitor Hillary Clinton. Here was a man, they alleged shamefully, who was was in the pocket of Vladimir Putin and took orders from the Kremlin. He was closer to the Kremlin than he was to Nato. If America elected this man, they spluttered, the trump of doom '”no pun intended'”would soon be reverberating from Washington to Vladivostok. 
The man they spat upon and denigrated so treacherously is now their boss. Let's hope he punishes them. Let's hope he puts Hillary behind bars, as he promised . 
If he now does a U-turn and cuddles up to the Establishment, and if his first trip abroad is to Tel Aviv, his millions of supporters will know they have been cruelly betrayed. Just as Tony Blair betrayed Britain, turning into one of the greatest liars and war criminals in British history, it remains to be seen if Trump is not going to do a similar U-turn by cuddling up to the enemies of America: to the Rothschilds and Soroses and Adelsons and the neoconservative warmongers who put Israel before America and pay regular visits to the Wailing Wall. 
And so we come now to this 'prophetic' article by Dominic Sandbrook, political sage of the Daily Mail . I wish it were satire. It is not. It is written, three days before the election on November 5, with a straight face. Fasten your seat belts, dear readers, and get ready for a good laugh. Here is the mainstream media at its most fatuous and farcical, spewing forth imbecilities for the semi-moronic masses. Oh, how sad! and how deeply sobering. [LD] WHAT IF TRUMP DID WIN? by Dominic Sandbrook 
The 45th President of the United States reached his 1,000th day in office yesterday, and he marked it in characteristic style. 
Rising shortly before lunch, the most powerful man in the world took a congratulatory phone call from his closest ally, Russia's Vladimir Putin, before strolling into the White House Rose Garden, where a group of swimwear models were waiting with an enormous white and gold cake. 
'Thank you, Mr President,' they chorused, 'for making America great again!' 
If the impromptu party was overshadowed by the chanting of thousands of protesters outside the perimeter, the President showed no sign of being particularly worried. 
'Take care of them,' he told the head of his Russian bodyguard, who had replaced the Secret Service a few months ago. Then he nodded meaningfully at the models: 'I'll see you girls later . . .' 
According to his spokesman, the President spent the afternoon closeted with his advisers in a private suite at his wife Melania's $1,000-an-hour spa (formerly the White House's East Wing), discussing the opening of his Senate impeachment trial in a few days' time. Then he retired for the evening with some of his closest confidants, among them the actor Charlie Sheen, the former heavyweight champion Mike Tyson and the ex-wrestler Hulk Hogan. 
To look at the President's beaming, orange-skinned face, you would hardly know that Washington is in meltdown, that he faces multiple congressional investigations into his finances and that, every day, rival mobs of demonstrators do battle only steps from the White House. 
Nor would you know that the American economy is in deep recession, its cities are ablaze after months of race riots, an undeclared war is raging on the Mexican border and a nuclear conflict now seems inevitable in the Pacific. 
Never has the gap between image and reality been greater. Never has the world's greatest republic plunged to such depths. 
But then what did you expect from President Donald Trump? 
The trouble started within moments of Mr Trump's unexpected comeback victory in the election of Tuesday, November 8, 2016, when riots broke out in several cities, including Chicago, Boston, Miami and Los Angeles. 
Thousands of buildings were burned, but the new president-elect nevertheless maintained that it had been the 'greatest night' in American history: 'The greatest. Period.' 
In his victory speech he broke with the traditional courtesies by openly pouring scorn on his defeated opponent, Hillary Clinton ('a major-league loser'), and promising his supporters that 'Crooked Hillary' would shortly be facing a 'long stretch in jail'. LD : Wrong! See the 20-minute video below in which Trump, doing his first apparent U-turn, lavishes words of praise on Hillary and tells Americans how grateful they should be to her for all her hard work and dedication. So what happened to all that talk of putting her behind bars? 
In fact, Mrs Clinton remains very much at large. 
Even though President Trump insisted that her criminal conviction would be one of his chief priorities, and immediately appointed a special prosecutor with a brief to investigate her activities dating back to the Seventies, the FBI are reportedly still trawling through thousands of emails, having unearthed yet another tranche last month. 
There were more signs of the new era, meanwhile, at his inauguration ceremony in January 2017, when Mr Trump appeared on the stage waving his 'Make America Great Again' baseball cap, in front of a mock-classical faÃ§ade in which his own surname was spelled out in gigantic, diamond-studded letters. 
Unusually, the 45th President broke with precedent by refusing to deliver a prepared speech, preferring to 'speak from the heart', as he put it. 
Returning to some familiar themes, he told his audience that his predecessor, Barack Obama, was a 'terrorist' and a 'Muslim', that most Mexicans were 'rapists' and 'murderers', that China was 'in for a shock' and that Nato was 'a complete waste of time and money'. 
Most foreign leaders were appalled. But one man who clearly approved was Vladimir Putin, who had been the first head of state to telephone his congratulations to the new president-elect. 
After only two weeks in office, Mr Trump rewarded his new friend by making his first overseas trip to Moscow, where he assured the press that Mr Putin 'couldn't have been nicer' and promised that under his administration, the Russians would be 'our number one ally. Number One. I mean that'. LD : It remains to be seen whether Trump's first trip abroad is to Moscow or Tel Aviv. That would be the litmus test. 
His European tour later in 2017, however, was a disaster. 
After Mr Trump was recorded making remarks about Germany's Angela Merkel that cannot be repeated in a family newspaper, he moved on to London, where he told Theresa May that she had a 'massive Muslim problem' and urged her to redevelop Chequers as a high-end golf course. 
Today, the American republic's reputation in the world has never been lower. Even at the United Nations it has become a laughing stock, especially after Mr Trump's UN ambassador, Sarah Palin, gave a speech in which she confused Iraq and Iran, suggested Africa was a single country and joked about dropping a nuclear bomb on Saudi Arabia. 
On the U.S.-Mexican border, however, things have gone well beyond a joke. 
Work on what Mr Trump calls his 'Great Wall' began within days of his inauguration, though it is unlikely to be finished before he leaves office and will reportedly cost at least $25 billion. 
After a series of sabotage attacks by Mexican protesters in mid-2018, Mr Trump abruptly lost patience and ordered the U.S. Marines to cross the border and occupy a strip some ten miles deep '” which prompted the Mexican government to move its own troops to within a mile or two of the U.S. incursion. 
As yet, the two sides have merely skirmished, though the death toll currently stands at almost 400 '” a figure that would have been unthinkable three years ago. 
It would take only one incident, one clash that gets completely out of hand, to trigger a full-scale war. 
At home, meanwhile, Mr Trump's authoritarian measures, such as his shambolic and callous attempt to deport 11 million undocumented migrants, have provoked outrage. 
The summer of 2018 was marked by weeks of rioting in many major cities, while the President's insistence on declaring the Left-wing activist group Black Lives Matter a 'terrorist organisation' sparked huge protests on campuses across the nation. 
It was at this point that Congress, already enraged by Mr Trump's reliance on high-handed and arguably unconstitutional executive orders, began discussing impeachment proceedings against the President. 
But of course, this only enraged his loyal supporters, who maintain that he is the innocent victim of a conspiracy masterminded by Barack Obama, the Clintons and the American media. 
Mr Trump himself remains remarkably unruffled by the prospect of impeachment, though some experts claim his famously unearthly hair is a lot thinner than it used to be. 
He maintains his Congressional critics are 'crooks' and 'liars', and has made extraordinarily insulting remarks about the potency and masculinity of both the Democratic leader of the Senate, Harry Reid, and the Republican Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan. 
Recently, Mr Trump's attacks on Congress have reached new heights. He now appears to believe that many leading politicians, both Democratic and Republican, have secretly converted to Islam. 
'How do we know that the Bushes aren't Muslims?' he demanded last week. 'Why else were they so keen on going to Iraq?' 
Genuine Muslims, however, have no place in Mr Trump's America. He made that very clear within hours of taking the oath of office, when he signed an emergency executive order banning any Muslims from entering the United States. 
Since he became President 1,000 days ago, attacks on Muslim Americans, including men and women who have worn their nation's uniform, have reportedly increased tenfold. 
There have been arson attacks on mosques in Boston, New York, Chicago and Detroit, all of which Mr Trump refused point-blank to visit afterwards. 
All of this has naturally put him at odds with America's traditional Nato allies. But Mr Trump's disregard for Nato was well-known even before he took office. 
Most European leaders can barely bring themselves to look at him. 
Theresa May has reportedly not even said a word to him for more than a year. But as Mr Trump is fond of reminding people, 'small-time' countries such as Britain and Germany are 'finished'. 'My friend Vladimir,' he says smugly, 'is the strongest man in the world. Apart from myself, obviously.' 
As it happens, the Russian President is scheduled to fly into Washington next week to express his solidarity at the beginning of his friend's formal trial in the Senate. As usual, Putin is likely to arrive with a large military entourage, many of whom are expected to stay on in the U.S. capital as additional 'security' for his beleaguered ally. 
As Mr Trump remarked last week, he has already arranged a suitable welcoming committee of young American female interns for his Russian counterpart. 
'All gorgeous,' he said proudly. 'I just start kissing them . . . and when you're a president, they let you do it, you can do anything.' 'I can't stop kissing them. When you're a president, you can do anything !' 
Those last words have been something of a motto for Mr Trump. Since his election as President, he has indeed done anything he wants. 
The result, however, has not merely tarnished forever the image of the Presidency, driven the American economy into recession and destroyed relations between religions and races. It has shattered the Western alliance, allowed Vladimir Putin to rebuild the Soviet empire and left the United States on the brink of nuclear war with the world's most populous country. 
Yet even as American cities burn and Congress attempts to drive him from office, Mr Trump remains undaunted. HISTORIC '” TRUMP'S VICTORY SPEECH VIDEO : 20 mins

ARTICLE

WE ARE THE FUTURE.' '” Kevin MacDonald 
This is an amazing victory. The stars were aligned. First, the very long shot of Trump being nominated. Then he gets to run against the most corrupt, least charismatic candidate in history (I think Joe Biden would have beaten Trump, and maybe even Bernie Sanders) at a time when Americans naturally want change after 8 years of Obama. 
Fundamentally, it is a victory of White Americans over the oligarchic, hostile elites what have run this country for decades. Trump accomplished a hostile takeover of the Republican Party and won without the support or with only lukewarm and vacillating support from much of the GOP elite. 
In May of 2015 I was very despondent about our prospects. It just didn't seem like we could break through the elite consensus dominating all the high ground'”and all the moral high ground'”of the U.S., including the media (print, television, and the Hollywood movie industry), the academic world, politics, Wall St., and the CEOs of major corporations. We were systematically shut out and it was obvious that the powers that be were not going to let the Alt Right get a seat at the table. Then Trump announced, it was hard to take it seriously, but his comments on immigration, American nationalism, political correctness and trade certainly struck a chord. My immediate reaction (July 10, 2015), however, was that he had two things going for him that were absolutely unique '” he is a celebrity and he is very, very rich (' How it could happen '). Such a person is in a position to be heard; he can't be shut out of the media, and he doesn't need the money of the corrupt donor class. In fact, the media, eager for ratings, gave him countless opportunities to get his message out. Anyone on the Alt Right could have said the exact same things, but we would be speaking into our closets. 
Even back in July of 2015, it was obvious Trump was not your usual GOP candidate: 
[Trump] certainly did not fall in my estimation when he attacked two prominent operatives of the Republican Party/Israel Lobby nexus hostile to his candidacy, Charles Krauthammer and Jonah Goldberg. Then there's the Twitter incident : 'I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz '” I mean Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow,' tweeted Trump , adding, 'Who, by the way, is totally overrated.' It is, of course, considered 'anti-Semitic' to ever call attention to the fact that someone is Jewish because of the absolutely outrageous suggestion that the Jewish identity of someone like Stewart/Leibowitz might influence his opinions. As we all know, Jews are just like everybody else. 
And it quickly turned out that he understood the anger in White America far better than anyone else and he was willing to say what they wanted to hear '” most of all the White working class (72-23!), but also White women(53-43), and his deficit among White educated women was only 51-45 ( CBS exit polls ). Looks like quite a few college-educated women ignored what they heard in their gender studies courses and those mandatory credits in Black Studies. 
While obviously a lot of work needs to be done, this is a glorious day. 
The following is an expanded version of my article in Radix Journal's series on the meaning of Trump. 
The Alt Right has gravitated to Trump's candidacy, and for good reason. Much of what the Alt Right wants will be difficult or impossible to bring about even with a president who is entirely on board with the idea that America should start thinking about the interests of its traditional White majority. But win or lose, Trump has already had a huge effect on American politics in a way that benefits the Alt Right, and his victory will be even more so: Trump has made statements on immigration that have been banned from polite society for 50 years '” deport illegals, seal the border, end birthright citizenship, place a moratorium on Muslim immigration, and make immigration serve actual labor needs rather than a moral imperative (ideally with guest workers not given citizenship). He has deplored Angela Merkel's policies in Germany and has made statements indicating he opposes the transformation of Western societies via immigration and multiculturalism (' Paris isn't Paris anymore .') Trump's victory will encourage and energize the right in Europe. It is Brexit on steroids '” a scream by voters to stop the way things are going. To stop the destruction of their traditional ways of life. If nothing else, it is throwing a monkey wrench into the system. Tear it down! We can't keep going on like this! Voters want an end to meaningless wars, an end to importing people who hate us and will never assimilate to our way of life. Trump has unmasked the neocons. The neocons have dominated the intellectual and foreign policy establishment of the Republican Party since the 1980s. From the beginning of Trump's candidacy, neocons have been leading the #NeverTrump movement, despite the catastrophic effects of a Hillary Clinton presidency on the GOP. A Clinton presidency would ensure a liberal/left voting majority into the foreseeable future given that she would amnesty millions of illegals and dramatically raise total numbers of immigrants and refugees. Clinton Supreme Court appointments would likely gut the First Amendment by enabling 'hate speech' laws and they would gut the Second Amendment as well. No one on the right, from traditional 'limited government' conservatives to the Alt Right, would want this, and it's difficult to believe that the Jewish identities and pro-Israel commitments of the most important neocons are lost on non-Jewish Republicans. The treason of the neocons will be long remembered in GOP circles and will compromise their influence in the future. 
I notice on Twitter that Bill Kristol says that the #NeverTrumpers should be magnanimous in losing, but I would be shocked if neocons were given any role in the GOP. This is Trump's party now. It is incredibly heartening that he wants a good relationship with Russia at a time when neocons and NATO have been clamoring for confrontation and aggression. It is incredibly heartening that he supports the legitimate Assad government in Syria. I have no doubt that he will act in concert with Russia to end the rebellion and bring peace and stability to the region. Trump has highlighted the chasm between the overwhelmingly White Republican voting base and the GOP donor class intent on globalist policies of mass immigration, free trade, and a bellicose pro-Israel, anti-Russian foreign policy. The pre-Trump GOP was dominated by a neocon foreign policy establishment and a pro-Chamber of Commerce, pro-big business economic policy. This party did not represent the interests of GOP voters and can't be resurrected. Even if Trump had lost, his energized supporters would be a new and important force within the GOP. His victory will ensure that the GOP will be a populist party for the foreseeable future. Trump has unmasked the media. The media have always been liberal, but this time around, even much of the usual pro-Republican media has been hostile to Trump, and a survey by the Media Research Center found an astounding 91% of media coverage hostile to his candidacy. Who can forget the hostility from mainstream conservative media like National Review , The Weekly Standard , and other neocon outlets? This feeds into the narrative that there has been a unified establishment from the far left to the neoconservative right that has opposed Trump's populist policies favoring the middle class and the traditional White majority. 
The media is a pillar of the establishment, and it is heartening indeed that people ignored the deluge of talk of Trump being a racist, a bigot, and a misogynist. The media is a huge loser in Trump's victory. 
As we have commented many times, the media is under very powerful Jewish influence. Trump's victory is a blow to the entire Jewish power structure. I have written 6 articles on Jewish hostility toward Trump, much of this hostility bordering on the clinically paranoid. Jews understand that they do indeed have a great deal of power in the U.S. and throughout the West and that they have used that power to destroy the traditional homogeneity of these societies and to do all they can to make Whites minorities in societies they have dominated for hundreds and, in the case of Europe, many thousands of years. We are a long way from really putting a dent in that power structure, but Trump's victory is a great first step. Trump has put the Alt Right on the map. There have been numerous articles and commentary on the Alt Right because of Trump's candidacy. The Alt Right has been the only identifiable intellectual perspective supporting Trump, although we understand that he is not one of us and would not attempt to do much what we would like to see in our ideal world. We are the only intellectual perspective that takes race seriously and accepts the social science research not only on race but on the disastrous costs of imposed multiculturalism for White majorities and the horrifying future awaiting Whites if indeed they do become hated, despised minorities. Traditional conservative intellectuals simply cannot explain what is happening with their usual intellectual toolkit. They can't explain the anger and the very legitimate fears of the White majority. They can't understand the racialization of politics. We understand it and are able to analyze it in very sophisticated ways that are entirely within the scientific mainstream. 
Much of the media coverage of the Alt Right was motivated by attempting to tar Trump as a 'racist,' and after the election, win or lose, the media will likely attempt to put the toothpaste back in the tube by ceasing coverage. However, a Trump victory makes that all but impossible. Our increased visibility has meant a very large surge in support for the Alt Right. Meeting attendance is way up, and readership on Alt Right sites is skyrocketing. The future is bright, and a very large amount of the credit for that has to go to Donald Trump. 
We are the future.

ARTICLE

By BAXTER DMITRI 
Is the s**t is about to hit the fan? Is the fur about to start flying? Maybe! It's too early to tell. With a new investigation promised into the true facts behind 9/11, there are already rumors surfacing . . . rumors that certain people in high places are getting a bit worried and thinking about buying one-way tickets to Tel Aviv. WHODUNIT?!? 
Donald Trump's plans for his first 100 days in office are raising eyebrows around the world, but of all the items on his agenda it is the reopening of the 9/11 investigation that will provide the greatest earthquake for the establishment. 
Trump believes that 9/11 has not been properly investigated and he plans to get to the bottom of it. 'First of all, the original 9/11 investigation is a total mess and has to be reopened,' Trump said. 
The election of Donald Trump has rocked the establishment and things are only going to get rockier for them during his first term. There is a reason George W. Bush didn't vote for Trump in the election, leaving the presidential line blank and voting Republican down-ballot. Trump has pledged to investigate 9/11 in a way it has not been investigated before. 
For the first time 9/11 will be investigated by someone who isn't part of the establishment, with skin in the game and plenty to lose. 
'First of all, the original 9/11 investigation is a total mess and has to be reopened' Trump announced to supporters. 'How do two planes take out three buildings in the same day? I never got my head around the fact that nothing is mentioned about the destruction of Building 7 in the 585 page document,' he explained, talking about World Trade Center 7 which also collapsed '“ inexplicably '“ during the September 11 attacks. 
Donald Trump has also taken cracks at former president George W. Bush. There will be no covering up for former presidents on Trump's watch. 
'The World Trade Center came down during the reign of George Bush,' he said in a February debate. 'He kept us safe? That is not safe. That is not safe.' 
'Why did the administration at the time not take legal means against Saudi Arabia? Weren't 19 of the high-jackers from Saudi Arabia? Americans deserve answers and I will definitely request a new investigation so that this horrible tragedy never happens again.' Donald Trump and the 9/11 Truth movement 
While Trump might be railing against the establishment in reopening the 9/11 investigation, he has received support on this issue from a number of public personalities who have demanded the case be revisited '“ and not behind closed doors. 
Former Senator Bob Graham has been demanding a new, transparent investigation 'For years I have been campaigning for the release of the 2002 Joint Congressional Intelligence Committee 9/11 Inquiry's report, to no avail' explains the former Governor of Florida. 'These missing pages point to the direct involvement of the government of Saudi Arabia. Why are these being kept secret? Who has to gain from these games of secrecy?' he asks. 
'I have read these documents myself and if the American public knew what was in these documents, there would be a revolution tomorrow in the streets of America' he acknowledged during a radio interview. 'Americans deserve to know the truth' he concluded, visibly angered by the whole affair. 
Since 2002, the release of a number of 9/11 Commission Report documents is hindered because they are congressional records, hence they are exempt from the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). 
The long withheld 28 pages were partially released to the public this year '“ heavily redacted '“ and the Saudi government claimed the release proved they were not responsible for supporting or financing the attacks. But it's not as simple as that. There are direct ties to the Saudi hierarchy in the 28 pages. There are a lot of questions that need answering, and they were never going to be addressed under a Clinton presidency with all her ties to Saudi Arabia. But with President Trump's executive powers, everything has changed. The establishment are on edge. More than half the country doesn't believe the official version of what happened that day. There is now a renewed belief that this biggest of lies and cover ups is about to be dismantled. 
The establishment did all it could to destroy Trump's election chances. 
Now they are on edge. Like this? Share it now. 3 thoughts on ' TRUMP BOMBSHELL! '” I'm reopening 9/11 Investigation ' Gilbert Huntly says:

ARTICLE

Other Writers 'Racist, misogynist bully.' 
'For Jews, these are worrying times . . . History shows that when bullies take charge, they turn on the Jews.' '” The JC Leader, Trump Triumphant. So what now? 
It is not an accusation, merely a statement of fact, to describe Donald Trump as a racist, misogynist bully. That such a man can be elected as President of the United States is deeply chilling. 
For Jews, there is one specific aspect of his ascendency that is so worrying. His campaign was self-consciously antisemitic. 
One of his main themes was that a global elite was conspiring against ordinary Americans. This is not only a classic antisemitic meme; the examples cited by Mr Trump were all '“ every one of them '“ Jewish, such as George Soros and the President of the Federal Reserve. Anyone who denies this element to Mr Trump's campaign is living in a self-deluded fantasy. 
Fantasy may be an apposite word. Perhaps the past few decades, when the US preserved a global order that destroyed prejudice rather than cementing it, was merely a short-lived fantasy. 
With our history, that is a desperate prospect. 
Many of us have always looked to the US as a beacon of freedom. When the Third Reich looked unstoppable and Britain stood alone, it was the US that then sacrificed so many of its sons to defeat the Nazis. 
In the Cold War it was the US, through Nato, that ensured the Soviet Union was held in check. 
And in recent years Nato has helped preserve the long-delayed freedom of Eastern Europe from the Warsaw Pact. 
All that is now threatened. 
Mr Trump cites Vladimir Putin as a role model and believes Nato no longer has a purpose. 
The message is clear: far from standing up to an aggressive tyrant, he will willingly acquiesce in that aggression. 
For Jews, these are worrying times. 
We have already been scapegoated by Mr Trump, so it is no supposition to suggest that worse may be to come. 
History shows that when bullies take charge, they turn on the Jews.   One thought on ' Oi veh! '” New Hitler gets elected ' Sardonicus says: November 12, 2016 at 4:44 pm 
Yes, very sad. I am still drying my tears. That Americans should elect such a monster makes me want to renounce my citizenship and emigrate to Israel. 
Only trouble is, they don't want me. My race as a non-Jewish White person is unacceptable to them. I was actually told by a nice Jew at Ben-Gurion airport: 'We don't like White people and are doing our best to genocide them. That's why we're flooding your White homelands with millions of Third Word migrants.' 
Yes, it's a sad situation.

ARTICLE

The elite Shadowmasters need a scapegoat for the world catastrophe they have been planning for a long time . . . and Trump will be the man to blame when the house of cards comes crashing down. THE COMING STORM Economic Armageddon is on its way ! While many of us in the alternative media and especially those researchers of Clinton crimes are breathing a big fat sigh of relief that anybody but Hillary is headed to the White House in 2017, Brandon Smith of Alt Market is warning us all not to get too comfortable'¦ and with history on his side here, we should listen to him. 
Despite what looked like a rigged, fraudulent Hillary win orchestrated from the top down with the entire establishment machine behind her, Trump won the election. In an election year that would have otherwise seen record low voter turnout, the specter of Hillary that led to Trump's victory has now given the people a reason to believe their vote actually matters again, an extra boon to further relegitimize the corrupt system running things in this country. 
But Brandon Smith reminds us that if Trump is walking into the Oval Office in January, it is only because the elites decided to put him there in advance '” and for a reason. 
First it should be noted that Smith accurately predicted that Brexit would pass , even when the majority of the alt media was reporting that there was no way it possibly could. Was it another victory for the people? 
No, it was predetermined well in advance: 'The mainstream media has been consistently comparing Trump supporters to Brexit supporters, and Trump himself has hitched his political wagon to the Brexit. This fits perfectly with the globalist narrative that populists and conservatives are killing the global economy and placing everyone at risk. ' 
Then he accurately predicted a Trump win '¦ but not because voting actually matters: 'U.S. elections are indeed controlled, and have been for decades, primarily through the false left/right paradigm. However, as I have been pointing out since I correctly predicted the success of the Brexit referendum, I don't think that Clinton is the choice of the elites.' 'To be clear, my position is that Trump is slated to take the White House and that this is by design. This has been my position since before Trump won the Republican Primaries, it was my position when the election cycle began, it has never changed, nor have my views on the reasons for this outcome ever changed'¦' 
Smith says regardless of whether or not Trump is a legitimate anti-establishment candidate, his win means the global economic collapse the system has been holding off on will finally come to pass '” as planned '” under Trump's watch: ''¦Even if Trump is a legitimate anti-establishment conservative, his entry into the Oval Office will seal the deal on the economic collapse, and will serve the globalists well. The international banks need only pull the plug on any remaining life support to the existing market system and allow it to fully implode, all while blaming Trump and his conservative supporters'¦' 
He will be the perfect scapegoat for something the alternative media have known is coming for a long, long time. 
Now Smith is spelling it out : The bottom line is, Trump is on the way to the White House because the elites WANT HIM THERE. Now, many liberty proponents, currently in a state of elation, will either ignore or dismiss the primary reason why I was able to predict the Brexit and a Trump win. These will probably be some of the same people that were arguing with me only weeks ago that the elites would NEVER allow Trump in office. So, to clarify: Trump may or may not be aware that he and his conservative followers have been positioned into a a trap. We will have to wait and see how he behaves in office (and he WILL be in office, despite the claims of some that the elites will try to 'stop him' before January). My primary point is THAT IT DOES NOT MATTER, at least not at this stage. The elites will initiate a final collapse of the global economy under Trump's watch (this will probably escalate over the course of the next six months), and they WILL blame him and conservatives in general. This IS going to happen. The elites play the long game, and so must we. 
And there you have it. 
It's not much of a secret that the economy is being artificially propped up. The Fed's QE stimulus programs are no longer working. We know it can't remain this way forever. 
And even though everyone just feels so much relief that we've all been spared the nightmare of Hillary Clinton climbing into yet another seat of even more power, we can't just assume we're all going to skip off into happy magical fairy sprinkle land unscathed. 
Sure, the people have spoken, but it's only the illusion of power that we're seeing play out now. The Powers That Shouldn't Be running this insanity circus always have a plan'¦ how else have they gotten away with controlling the globe for at least the past century? 
While millions of Americans are celebrating Trump's win today, I will remain even more vigilant. The party is just getting started, folks. Don't get too comfortable. Sadly, we can't ignore decades of New World Order history here just because we're relieved a psychopath like Hillary lost the election. 
2017 is going to be a bumpy ride . DISCLAIMER. All articles published on this website reflect the views of their original authors; publication here in no way implies automatic agreement or approval of its contents. 'If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.' '” Shakespeare, Julius Caesar

ARTICLE

By Francis Carr Begbie 
ERIC CANTOR , Republican politician, and LISSA MUSCATINE, Hillary Clinton's former speech writer, were two of the many Jews given free rein to reflect on Donald Trump a few days ago before millions of BBC viewers. 
'In the end one could not help noticing one interesting if rather awkward fact about that edition of BBC Newsnight. The editor, two out of three of the main presenters, and all seven of the main interviewees in Washington and London were JEWISH. Not bad for a group said to represent less than 0.4% of the British population.' '” Francis Carr Begbie 
You might think that after a disaster as humiliating as the election of Donald Trump that our anointed elites would take this opportunity for a bit of humility '” that this would be an opportunity for introspection and some soul-searching self-reflection. 
Well, the good news is that you would be wrong. For this would involve a level of self-awareness far beyond our narcissistic elites. All around they are demonstrating a complete inability to understand the forces behind their humiliation at the hands of a man they dismissed as a joke from day one and whose demise they predicted every inch of the way. 
This self-deception was wonderfully on display in an immediate post-election edition of the BBC's flagship current affairs programme Newsnight , broadcast to the nation the day after and including a number of American interviewees. In a specially extended version of the show, programme editor Ian Katz dispatched Emily Maitlis , Mark Urban and David Grossman to find answers on the day after the result. 
In both London and Washington a stellar line up of the finest brains from the media and the academy were assembled to help them chew it over. 
Entertainingly, the vanity, narcissism and entitlement of the BBC presenter-ocracy was fully on view, proud and undented. To the accompaniment of the Beatles tune 'Fool on the Hill' anchor Emily Maitlis could barely contain her rage and sputtered about how 'a game show host and someone who owned a beauty pageant' could become president. 
Populism, uprising, nationalism versus globalism; as with former President Bush's puzzlement over 'the vision thing,' they seemed to be able to mouth the words but comprehension was lacking. 
With every guest, Emily Maitlis showed that old habits die hard or not at all. She dripped condescension from the outset, snapping at immigration traitor , pro-Israel fanatic former US Congressman Eric Cantor who was perhaps trying to redeem himself given the new winds in the Republican Party: 'We talked about the vulgarity of this man '¦ This is a man who talked of grabbing women by the pussy. Is that a man you are proud [of]?' An angry school teacher furious with the behaviour of her immature, irresponsible charges. 
Easily the funniest moment in the programme came during a virtuoso splenetic performance from historian Simon Schama who seemed to think it was Germany in 1933 all over again. Race, he said, was more important factor in the election than the economic arguments. SIMON SCHAMA, ASHKENAZI JEW 
Wriggling in his seat, as if it was subjected to regular electric shocks, he said. 
'It is really weird to me how we pussyfoot around the toxic malodorous element of race which has played an important part of this. Anti-semitism has long been part of populism'¦ [beginning] in the early twentieth century. Even today there were sinister references by the likes of senator Jeff Sessions to George Soros who was singled out as a particularly odious figure in this international banking conspiracy.' 
(To which many people in the Alt Right might have replied: 'couldn't have put it better myself.') 
Schama almost lost it completely when co-interviewee and neocon stalwart Melanie Phillips told him to calm down a bit. 
'It is not a moment for calm, it is not a moment for calm.' he screeched. MELANIE PHILLIPS, ASHKENZI JEW AND VIRULENT ZIONIST 
Melanie knows very well what these anti-semitic dog whistles are like. This too is part of populism. We are facing a cataclysmic moment. Melanie is right to say it is a populist revolt. It is nothing to do with conservative republican politics. It amuses me to hear that Eric Cantor imagines that things are going to go on as they always did in the Republican party '¦ [that they] will restrain Donald Trump. They won't. George Washington warned about despotism and that is what we are facing. 
Melanie Phillips, for her part, agreed the most important problem was anti-Semitism, but she saw it coming from a completely different quarter. 
There are noxious elements around. '¦ Clearly some of the people supporting Trump are anti-semitic and racists but that is also true of people on the left. There is no sign that he (Trump) personally is anti-semitic or racist. People call people racist when they want to restrict as he does, legal immigration. Anti-semitism is now at record levels at liberal universities overseen by liberal professors and liberal vice chancellors. 
Studio presenter Evan Davies muttered about how they had to give up something to people worried about the loss of their traditional societies and really act on illegal immigration. But Schama wasn't listening. He was worried about David Duke. 
Donald Trump re-tweeted a neo-Nazi tweet. It is not a coincidence that David Duke, KKK Imperial Wizard, is exhilarated and rejoicing with the advent of Trump who is his man. We will see race crimes, hate crimes explode now. We will have a far-right supreme court which will reverse Roe [v.] Wade. 
As a glimpse into the fevered imagination of at least one strongly identifying Jew, it could not have been more revealing. Before Schama actually self-detonated on air, the programme moved on to more heavyweights. 
Neoconservative think tanker Danielle Pletka , senior vice president of foreign and defense policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute, complained she had no idea what Trump's policies were. Which was not very helpful. 
Mary Kaldor , professor of global governance at the London School of Economics, complained that Trump was 'wildly unpredictable' in his stated foreign policies. 'He says 'I love Israel,' then he says he wants to be neutral between Israel and Palestine.' For her the real danger seemed to be peace. Or as she framed it, Trump getting friendly with Putin to create an 'alliance of authoritarian right wing leaders.' 
But it was the Pulitzer prize-winning historian of communism Anne Applebaum who painted the most apocalyptic scenario. Applebaum, who has never seen a 'Deep State' she didn't like, said that Trump had been disdainful for NATO and cannot understand why America needs to be in Europe. His admiration for Vladimir Putin as an ideal was very worrying. ANNE APPLEBAUM . . . ANOTHER ASHKENAZI JEW 
Europeans need to start from the assumption that United States is not a reliable partner. We need to keep repeating that until it sinks into people's brains. 
She really said that. 
Applebaum said Trump sees no need for a relationship with the UK. He said that Trump, who has spent millions developing his two golf courses, which include Turnberry, is, apparently, 'not an anglophile and has no interest in Britain. Hillary Clinton does.' Surely, asked presenter Grossman, the Brexit referendum puts Britain and the USA on the same page? Applebaum: 'No, no, no.' 
Both these women think it makes the election of Marie le pen more likely. Likely correct, and thank god for that! 
Alan Greenspan , former chairman of the Fed, was wheeled on to say that he, a lifelong Republican had not voted. He also explained that Trump would not be able to get rid of the current Federal Reserve Bank chair Janet Yellen without a complicated impeachment process. 
Earlier in the show, Maitlis tried to get Republican Eric Cantor to condemn Trump but got no change. Cantor responded lamely about Trump's promise to build a border wall. 'I'm not so sure that is going to happen' '” showing (not surprisingly) that he remains an immigration traitor at heart. And he continues to show his allegiance to Israel. Cantor said he was less interested in Trump's immigration policies than his Middle East policies, including his intention to get rid of ISIS. 
Lissa Muscatine , Hillary's former speech writer, assured Maitlis that her old college friend had bounced back as strong as ever. 
Elsewhere David Grossman did a breakdown of the vote to show that women and Hispanics had leaned to Trump in far greater numbers that anyone thought possible. (In fact, a solid majority of White women voted for Trump, proving Schama right: Trump voters are racists.) In the end one could not help noticing one interesting if rather awkward fact about that edition of BBC Newsnight . The editor, two out of three of the main presenters, and all seven of the main interviewees in Washington and London were Jewish. Not bad for a group said to represent less than 0.4% of the British population. 
I should note, however, that there were a smattering of Vox pop style three-second sound-bite interviewees of men in baseball hats celebrating in bars and so on. There was also an abortive panel of a Hispanic man, black woman and Jewish New York Times reporter, and there was a Latvian politician down the line. But otherwise it was an extremely Kosher programme. 
The BBC operates one of the most aggressive affirmative action policies in the Western world. In keeping with its position as the Vatican of political correctness, a finger is kept on the scales of employment opportunity to ensure that jobs are skewed heavily for favoured groups. 
But given that self-awareness is one area where the elites are notably deficient, it might be s good idea to remind them of the massive Jewish overrepresentation on display here. This is one very privileged group indeed. Overrepresented and overprivileged, one might say. Like this? Share it now.

ARTICLE

Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says: 'The media is really tearing you apart for that Scandal.' Hillary: 'You mean my lying about Benghazi?' Trump: 'No, the other one.' Hillary: 'You mean the massive voter fraud?' Trump: 'No, the other one.' Hillary: 'You mean the military not getting their votes counted?' Trump: 'No, the other one.' Hillary: 'Using my secret private server with classified material to hide my Activities?' Trump: 'No, the other one.' Hillary: 'The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything else?' Trump: 'No, the other one.' Hillary: 'Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, hiring cronies, and taking bribes from foreign countries?' Trump: 'No, the other one.' Hillary: 'You mean the drones being operated in our own country without the benefit of the law?' Trump: 'No, the other one.' Hillary: 'Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it declared bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?' Trump: 'No, the other one.' Hillary: 'You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?' Trump: 'No, the other one.' Hillary: 'Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?' Trump: 'No the other one:' Hillary: 'Turning Libya into chaos?' Trump: 'No the other one:' Hillary: 'Being the mastermind of the so-called Arab Spring that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa?' Trump: 'No the other one:' Hillary: 'Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi?' Trump: 'No the other one:' Hillary: 'Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?' Trump: 'No the other one:' Hillary: 'The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the 'moderate' terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya? Trump: 'No the other one:' Hillary: 'The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII?' Trump: 'No the other one:' Hillary: 'Leaving Iraq in chaos?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'The DOJ spying on the press?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 months later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'The NSA monitoring citizens?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'You mean the INSIDER TRADING of the Tyson chicken deal I did where I invested $1,000 and the next year I got $100,000?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'You mean when Bill met with Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, just before my hearing with the FBI to cut a deal?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'You mean the one where my IT guy at Platte River Networks asked Reddit for help to alter emails?' Trump: 'No, the other one.' Hillary: 'You mean where the former Haitian Senate President accused me and my foundation of asking him for bribes?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'You mean that old video of me laughing as I explain how I got the charges against that child rapist dropped by blaming the young girl for liking older men and fantasising about them. Even though I knew the guy was guilty? Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'You mean that video of me coughing up a giant green lunger into my drinking glass then drinking it back down?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'You mean that video of me passing out on the curb and losing my shoe?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'You mean when I robbed Bernie Sanders of the Democratic Party Nomination by having the DNC rig the nomination process so that I would win?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'You mean how so many people that oppose me have died in mysterious ways?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'Travel Gate? When seven employees of the White House Travel Office were fired so that friends of Bill and mine could take over the travel business? And when I lied under oath during the investigation by the FBI, the Department of Justice, the White House itself, the General Accounting Office, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'The scandal where (while I was Secretary if State) the State Department signed off on a deal to sell 20% of the USA's uranium to a Canadian corporation that the Russians bought, netting a $145 million donation from Russia to the Clinton Foundation and a $500,000 speaking gig for Bill from the Russian Investment Bank that set up the corporate buyout? That scandal?' Trump: 'No, the other one.' Hillary: 'That time I lied when I said I was under sniper fire when I got off the plane in Bosnia?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'That time when after I became the First Lady, I improperly requested a bunch of FBI files so I could look for blackmail material on government insiders?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'That time when Bill nominated Zoe Baird as Attorney General, even though we knew she hired illegal immigrants and didn't pay payroll taxes on them?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'When I got Nigeria exempted from foreign aid transparency guidelines despite evidence of corruption because they gave Bill $700,000 in speaking fees?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'That time in 2009 when Honduran military forces allied with rightist lawmakers ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, and I as then-Secretary of State sided with the armed forces and fought global pressure to reinstate him?' Trump: 'No, the other one:' Hillary: 'I give up! '¦ Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture and silverware when Bill left Office?' Trump: 'THAT'S IT, THAT ONE' Hillary: 'I thought I'd got away with that one dammit !!!'

ARTICLE

Other Writers By STEVE HENDRICKS Most Trump supporters are not monsters. They just wanted to give the 'liberal elites''”or the Establishment'”the middle finger. 'Take that, you bastards!' 
As the articles rain down from liberals explaining how Trump won his astonishing, appalling plurality, we can at least give thanks that we're spared the canard that all of his supporters are racists, xenophobes, and misogynists. Neo-Blackshirts, of course, make up a frighteningly large share (sixty percent? seventy? eighty?) of his supporters, but thanks to months of Brexit analysis and now days of exit interviews here at home, it's clear that a great many Trump voters aren't monsters. They merely voted with the monsters because they saw no other way to give the establishment a proud, powerful middle finger. 
The non-monstrous supporters of Trump mystify liberals. How could people who are not depraved, people who have a measure of decency, choose to align themselves with America's Mussolini and his hordes, no matter how deep and well-placed their grievances against neoliberalism, greed, and corruption, which is to say grievances against Clintonism? 
This liberal bewilderment bewilders me. 
One dear friend in particular comes to mind'”a brilliant fortysomething progressive of uncommonly sound judgment who voted for Ms. Bombalot. My friend was not among the liberal dupes who saw in Clinton a pantsuit paladin. She knew, for instance, that Hillary was the supreme embodiment of the American killing machine, a cowboy Crusader who, in the words of rightwing blowhard 'Morning Joe' Scarborough, was 'the neocon's neocon. . . . more of a sabre-rattler and more of a neocon than' any of the Republicans contenders for Slayer-in-Chief. 
My friend knew that not only did Clinton lustily back the wars that killed hundreds of thousands in Iraq and Afghanistan but that she also bayed for expanding the slaughter years after anyone with a few neurons or a hint of morality knew we should get our troops the hell out of there. My friend has expounded with eloquence on the idiocy of Clinton's push for imperial adventures in Syria, Lybia, and beyond, and she speaks just as fluently about the big fat kiss that Clinton slobbered all over the brutal right wingers who overthrew the elected government of Honduras. 
Matters domestic outrage my friend no less. 
Hillary's role in the awesome expansion of our Orwellian surveillance state is a horror to her, as is her incomparable whoring for big banks and fat cats. (I use the word 'whoring' androgynously: Clinton is outdone in financial hooking only by our current POTUS, the Prostitute of the United States.) Then there is Hillary's stalwart opposition to the Fight for $15, to Medicare for All, to forgiveness of college debt, to free tuition, and, companion to these, her ruthless despoliation of the working class via free-trade agreements (so called, of course, because they make labor free for the industrialists who own our country). 
The long memory of my friend holds a special place for Clinton's support of her husband's ravaging of black America'”the punitive drug sentences, the broader war on crime, the evisceration of welfare. Nor has she forgotten Hillary's ridicule of the women who accused her sweet Willy not merely of serial philandering but of sexual harassment. (Do you recall Hillary's charming comments about, say, Gennifer Flowers: 'trailer trash,' 'I would crucify her'?) Few liberals could tell you, but my friend could, that as senator, Clinton herself once voted to wall off the better part of 1,000 miles of our southern border and that she declared herself 'adamantly against illegal immigrants.' And my friend has been near tears when holding forth on the greatest issue of our time, the devastation of our climate, on which Clinton has proven herself a vandal'”leading the sabotage of our last best chance, at Copenhagen, to mitigate our climactic disaster, nestling ever deeper into the cozy pocket of Big Oil, from which she peeks out now and again to ferociously defend the interests of the oilmen, the fracking barons, and the oil-soaked sheikhs who've lavished her with money'”rapists and pillagers all, Kochs in all but name. And yet, knowing all this, my friend still voted for Clinton. 
She sympathized with the argument that the only chance for the Left to rise again is to kill off the rightwing imposter called the Democratic Party and replace it with a leftist party, perhaps a reincarnated Democratic Party, perhaps something else altogether. She saw the logic of denying Clinton her vote and giving it, as I urged, to Jill Stein or another protest candidate. But she could not abide throwing the election to Trump and so aligned herself with someone she knew to be vile on most issues of importance but who might once in a while do good on a few big issues like abortion and other women's rights. Millions of nose-holding liberals made the same choice Tuesday. 
Why then is it a mystery to them that other decent-ish people, people with no more hate in their hearts than the rest of us, allied themselves with foul Trump? Is it so hard to see in these members of the Trump Nation the other side of the same coin, voters who swung to a different brute because Clinton was more dreadful on issues of importance to them? 
The stocker at Safeway may loathe Trump's vilification of Latinos, Muslims, women, and on and on, but it was Hillary, not Donald, who shipped his $60,000 unionized factory job to JuÃ¡rez. For that matter, although she has no vote, try convincing the Pakistani mother whose child was murdered by a Clinton-backed drone that Trump is worse because he wants to ban Muslims from America. 
The prescription for understanding how non-racist, non-sexist, non-xenophobic men and women'”women, for Christ's sake'”made themselves Trump's willing executioners, is simple: 
LIBERAL, KNOW THYSELF!

ARTICLE

By Andre Vltchek WHY DID THEY VOTE FOR THIS MAN? 
'If we don't understand why that choice was made, we will all get fucked, soon, and not only in North America, but also all over the world!' '” Andre Vltchek 
Since the results of the latest Presidential elections were announced, I am longing for silence, while the overwhelming cacophony of deafening noises is assaulting my ears, and in fact all my senses. 
Suddenly everyone around me wants to speak, to shout, and to declare. Lately, people who are surrounding me, as well as those who are far away from me are frantically watching the news, reading newspapers and browsing through countless political websites. 
My friends and comrades all over the world are poking jokes at the US political establishment, or trembling in anticipation of something terrible, even apocalyptic. 
Many are just having fun. Even some thoughtful and educated individuals are behaving like obsessive football fans: analyzing, passing judgments, and spending countless hours on the couch, in front of their television screens. 
Of course there are also many gigantic protests in countless American cities against the President-elect, Donald Trump, the 45th leader of the mightiest nation on Earth. There are some massive protests, desperate protests, and hopeless protests. There are also personal protests, resigned shrugs of shoulders and downcast glances. 
Overall there is a lot of noise. Everyone is speaking from the top of his or her lungs. Actually, people are shouting over each other. They want to be heard, desperately. While very few are listening. Very few also appear to be reflecting on what is being said by the others, on what is truly happening, on what has happened. 
Despite millions of words and images assaulting our brains from all directions, I know that something is definitely missing, something important, and even something essential. It is not just my analytical mind that comprehends this; it is also my intuition. 
As a result, I want to smash those television sets in my vicinity, I want to throw newspapers into the garbage bin, and I want to go away, far away, from all my politicizing friends and comrades. 
But what is it that is being omitted in the official and even in the alternative narrative? What is it that I want to hear, longing to hear so much '¦ longing with such force, even with such desperation? 
Am I desperate for some precise analyses, for exact numbers, for revealing facts? Am I yearning for one brilliant study, for a report? Do I want to hear from someone why on earth did the American people elect someone like him, like Donald Trump? Or is it all actually much more simple and selfish: do I expect those wise words to come from my own brain, typed into my computer with my own fingers? 
How did it all really come to this? And why? What will happen now? What will happen to them (to the voters), what will happen to America, the country, which despite everything used to be my home for many years? What will happen to America which took so much, but which also gave me plenty? I kept asking, above all, what will happen to the world, to the entire world, which is now my true home, and which is also their true home (home of the American voters), although perhaps they do not fully comprehend it yet. 
No, I did not want to hear the facts! I couldn't care less about the numbers. I was not longing for analyses, and I felt absolutely no desire to speak! 
Suddenly, there was only one longing left in me: to listen, to hear, to absorb the millions of voices of those who just recently went to the polls and stuck those pieces of paper into boxes, most likely changing the destiny of the world. And since I knew I wouldn't be able to absorb millions of testimonies, I wanted to listen to at least a few hundred or even thousands of them if possible. 
I wanted to hear the stories of those men and women from the Rustbelt states, from the Deep South, from isolated farms and exhausted mining towns. I wanted to put my glass of beer next to theirs, in some god-forsaken bar, and just nod and whisper what so many storytellers before me, have done for millennia, and what they will be saying for many centuries to come: 'Please tell me your story'¦' 
I want to hear their stories so I can collect them, arrange them, and pass them onto the world. 
I want the people who voted for Donald Trump to speak to me, to explain, to let me into their thoughts and emotions. I want to understand what occurred through their stories. 
I don't want to judge. I am usually very judgmental, very political, and very ideological. This time I have no desire to be '¦ This is too serious; too damn serious! 
I owe America that much. That is the least I can do. To return there, to fly there all the way from Asia, to rent a car, and drive from coast to coast, for long weeks, and to finally listen to people, trying to understand who they are, what they did, and why? 
'I am what I am because I am a passionate listener,' I was once told by one of the greatest Latin American writers, Eduardo Galeano. 'People always know what goes on. All we have to do is to listen to them. And we have to lead them only when they ask us, when they order us to do so.' 
There is no doubt in my mind that now is the time to attentively listen to the American people; to fill newspapers and websites with their words. But almost no one seems to be doing that. 
All we hear is 'why they voted as they did'. How they voted: women, minorities, particular classes or states '¦ We read about numbers. But we don't hear people speaking! We don't hear them formulating the words. 
And that is what I am longing for: to shut up, to be silent, and to listen. And I want other intellectuals to shut up and to humbly listen too, finally! 
Not because I agree with what they, the voters, have done. Not because I want Donald Trump to lead the country and the Empire. Not because I suddenly 'fell in love with the small people'. 
It is simply because the people of the most powerful country on Earth have spoken, because they made their choice. And because, if we don't understand why that choice was made, we will all get fucked, soon, and not only in North America, but also all over the world! 
I want to listen and to understand so the course of action can be determined, so that we know where all this will lead '¦ because this is not the end, just the beginning'¦ of something'¦ Because not only people in the United States, but also in Europe want something, and listening to the analysts from both parts of the world, and by just 'reading facts and numbers', I have absolutely no clue what it is! 
Do voters want some new form of participatory democracy? Do they want neo-fascism? Are they thoroughly selfish or is there at least some internationalist essence in their souls? 
We can only find out if we let them speak. And that is why I am longing for silence, and then for their voices to resonate, so we know, we know now, before the thunder and flames swallow our Planet, and before it is too late.

ARTICLE

By M. JAGGERS LD: We discussed yesterday the various reasons why Trump won the election. Mr Jaggers thinks Trump won because he promoted the interests of the vast underclass of disenfranchised Whites who were sick to death of the (((neoconservative liberal elites))), as typified by the loathsome Hillary Clinton. It is in Trump's own interests, Jaggers believes, not to betray the Whites who voted for him by reneging on his promises. There must be no U-turns, no cuddling up to the Zionist enemy, no wishy-washy compromises or backslidings. Trump is now expected to 'make America great again' '” or else. A tall order? We'll see. [LD] 
: In certain times, there is a surreal feeling of 'being a part of history,' which is perhaps to say, we are living in a time period of dynamic change. However unthinkable for the left it may be, Trump has been elected. We can add this to Brexit and other 'unthinkable' events to come. To contemplate the details of what this may entail, such as the selection of cabinet members and policy priorities , which do indeed include 'building that wall,' has something of a Christmas morning feeling'”everyday. 
To paraphrase an from Die Welt , in Western Democracies, the status quo seems stable, and it is not generally considered possible for 'extremes' to transpire. But that is what we have seen, however we may want to quibble about what exactly is 'extreme.' Can Donald Trump, or the Alt-Right for that matter, be considered 'extreme' after that electoral show of consent? Regardless, when there is an endless back and forth between stultifying, uncourageous Republicans and the frankly anti-White agenda of the Democrats, 'extreme' does not carry such a negative connotation, but instead implies a kind of deliverance. 
We have been locked in a middle-class complaisance, and that is precisely why societies such as ours 'are often surprised by the foreseeable and obvious.' And alas, though it may be 'unspeakable' to liberals, and though he was the object of such ridicule in our media, Trump is now 'the most powerful man in the world,' as Die Welt puts it, perhaps with some apprehension. Just let that sink in. Explanatory Factors 
Trump's appeal may have been equally a reaction to Black Lives Matter protests as to immigration. According to exit polls, 74 percent of Trump voters feel that Blacks are treated fairly by the criminal justice system, which by definition means that these voters are not sympathetic to Black Lives Matter. Overall, half of White voters (Democrats and Republicans) opined that Blacks are treated fairly by police. Likely most of us will have anecdotal evidence that our non-Alt-Right family members and acquaintances were not amused by Black Lives Matter. Trump voters were especially unamused. 
Of Trump supporters, 86 percent favor building the wall on the southern border, compared to less than half of all voters (54 percent oppose, 41 percent favor). So antipathy towards both Black Lives Matter and immigration can be said to have catapulted Trump to the presidency , in part by turning off mainstream middle-class White people, who are normally content with the status-quo. Moderates may not want a wall per se , but they also may not complain too loudly when it's being built. And again, Trump's actual voters want it built'”unequivocally. 
While losing some steam amongst college-educated Whites, Trump won the White working class by 39 points , an increase from Romney's 26 point spread. Ultimately, there is no simple narrative that emerges; Trump increased White support in different key swing states from different rural and suburban demographics in order to dominate the electoral college. I won't pretend to be Nate Silver, so let's just say he won because of White people. 
'Among his supporters,' opines Thomas Friedman on Real Time with Bill Maher , 'this was 80 percent about race, and the other 20 percent was about race.' 
Good then, let's accept the premise of liberals and draw the necessary conclusions. If Trump triumphed on the basis of race issues, he now has a mandate on immigration, law and order, the wall, etc. 
For the NYTimes David Brooks holding forth on Public Broadcasting Service (PBS), Trump voters are 'just going with their gene pool ,' a rather bald statement that Trump voters are voting their ethnic interests. After the election, Brooks predicted that the country would be split into two factions, with one faction advocating ethnic separatism, what many on the Alt Right are already advocating. Would that it were so. 
Nixon became known to history as the 'law and order' candidate, which accurately characterized his proclivities vis-Ã -vis crime. Trump, on the other hand, to leave no doubt, self-identified as the 'law and order' candidate. As liberals will complain, and as the alt-right will readily admit, 'law and order' is understood to mean that we will not tolerate Black violence and civil unrest. Trump's support, therefore, was premised on his intolerance for the very violence which his election has provoked (once again) from Blacks and other malcontent minorities, in the protests following his victory, which continue as I write this. 
It is ironic that Blacks report feeling 'scared' at the prospect of the Trump presidency, while they are in fact the progenitors of violence, and so far as I know, Trump never made any negative statements explicitly about Blacks. Their violence and disorder has indeed 'scared' the rest of civil society, contributing to Trump's election. Perhaps Blacks are expressing their fear by attacking innocent Whites, in this inverted reality. How can we assuage these sensitive Blacks' sense of fear? Shall we become human punching bags? You Can't Always Get What You Want 
If there is one thing that minorities have learned over the last eight years, it is that they get what they want, and Whites (perhaps as a natural corollary) do not. Hence the indignation following this surprise victory. 
Some journalists noted with amusement that Trump often played the Rolling Stones' 'You Can't Always Get What You Want' at his campaign rallies. I hypothesized that Trump liked the song for its beautiful choral section, which has a celestial quality that built anticipation for his arrival on stage. Surely he paid little heed to the message of the lyrics, which discordantly seemed to suggest he was voters' second choice. But now it all makes sense. I suggest that for our 'underprivileged' people of color, it's time you learned: you can't always get what you want. 
Not only is the People of Color (POC) attitude of entitlement and aggrievement ridiculous, it is also presumptuous. 
While the MSM claims that the onus is now on Trump to reach out to those who didn't vote for him; i.e., Blacks and Hispanics, it would seem that he was given a mandate to serve the interests of those who did vote for him . It follows logically that he would now carry that project through and enact the policies which mobilized his base and put him in the Oval Office. Sourced from the Occidental Observer Like this? Share it now. 2 thoughts on ' Trump won because of White people ' GyÃ¶rgy says: November 18, 2016 at 11:48 am 
You Can't Always Get What You Want 
If there is one thing that minorities have learned over the last eight years, it is that they get what they want, and Whites (perhaps as a natural corollary) do not. Hence the indignation following this surprise victory. 
Problem has been favouring certain ethnic groups beyond reasonability. People are people. For example, employment should go to the best qualified candidate regardless of race or ethnic creed. An assumption is made on the government's part, that an employer will unfairly select Anglo Saxon over other races, which is wrong. Therefore, the employer must use race based quota agendas to effect equality. 
This is a form of dictating morality by an amoral government. This is one area that Mr. Trump ought to behove.

ARTICLE

Part 1 : The Six Stages of the Exorcism Process By LOBRO VAN HELSING PART 1 of this article is authored entirely by Lobro van Helsing and consists largely of graphic details about the exorcism process as described by Malachi Martin in his controversial book, Hostage to the Devil . PART 2 of the article, entitled 'The Deceiver of the World', is by Lasha Darkmoon and continues where Part 1 leaves off. This reflects on various apocalyptic issues, such as Armageddon and the Last Days, the problem of good and evil, and the role of the Jews in human history. 
'The Devil's finest trick is to persuade you that he does not exist.' '” Charles Baudelaire 
Why is it so hard to accept, at least hypothetically, that in the words of observant thinkers like Baudelaire, the Devil's finest trick is to convince us that he does not exist? 
It is generally accepted that the Devil preys on human souls. And what do predators do in all the settings, natural, political, online? They all use disguise and it shouldn't be beyond comprehension that the Devil, if he existed, would use whichever cloak of invisibility was the most effective for the occasion. Therefore, not seeing the Devil or sensing his presence, proves absolutely nothing. 
For those who are interested, the material here comes from a book, Hostage To The Devil , by Father Malachi Martin, a trained exorcist in the Roman Catholic tradition. 
Fr Malachi's material, featuring several cases of authentic demonic possession and their accompanying exorcisms in modern day America, was carefully vetted through use of tape recorders and reinforced later on by lengthy interviews with the participants in the exorcism process. '” Â§ '” 
In 1906 in South Africa , Clara Germana Cele, age 16, reportedly made a pact with the Devil. As a result, her behavior suddenly took a bizarre turn for the worse. In August of that year, the startled nuns at the convent school where Clara was a student witnessed her tearing at her clothes, growling like an animal, and engaging in conversation with unseen entities. 
Nuns reported that the girl's skin would burn when sprinkled with holy water. She would lash out violently when crosses or other sacred objects entered her presence.She also reportedly developed clairvoyant powers and was able to describe personal details of other people's lives that she couldn't possibly have known ab out. 
The accounts of several nuns also reported that Clara possessed the ability to speak and understand several different foreign languages to which she had never been exposed, including Polish, German, French, and several others. It was said that Clara had been imbued with superhuman strength as well, easily overpowering authority figures at the school when they attempted to restrain her. 
Another seemingly far-fetched assertion from many witnesses was that Clara began levitating up to five feet in the air on a regular basis, her clothes sticking to her body as if they too had managed to defy the laws of gravity. It was claimed that only after being sprinkled with holy water could she be brought back down, during which time she would also temporarily snap out of her possessed state. 
Most outlandish of all were the claims that the young woman had the ability to transform into a sort of snakelike creature, her body becoming as flexible as rubber as she slithered across the floor. At one point she was said to have bitten a nun on the arm and left puncture marks like those of a serpent's fangs. 
(See here ) 
Note. This case history is not to be found in Malachi Martin's Hostage to the Devil. I have added it to the article as an afterthought, since it contains within it many of the typical features found in demonic possession. Before you read any further, please watch this 2-minute video in Spanish with English subtitles. WARNING. This article contains material that is deeply disturbing. Those of sensitive disposition are advised to refrain from further reading. 
Apart from the quoted extracts, randomly chosen among many to illustrate various aspect of possession or exorcism, I wish to make the following points: Although the book deals only with cases in the Catholic community, demonic possession is a universal phenomenon and has been noted and researched in countries all over the world. The Possessor (often referring to itself as 'the Kingdom' or in plural as 'We') selects victims gripped in some spiritual, emotional and intellectual conflict with the accepted mores of family, society and church, inserting itself undetected into these fault lines and exploiting them with catastrophic consequences. Loss of self identity, soul, or personality follows as a result. There is invariably an element of guilt on the part of the victim who has initially invited possession by his or her aberrant behavior and life style. In extreme cases, the possessed individual has actually made a formal request for possession in order to gain some advantage, e.g., worldly wealth or fame. The process of expelling the possessing malignancy moves through identifiable stages. 
'One of the most experienced exorcists I have known,' Malachi Martin notes, 'who was in fact the mentor of the exorcist in the first case related in this book, gave names to the various general stages of an exorcism. These names reflect the general meaning or effect or intent of what is happening, but not the specific means used by the evil spirit or by the exorcist. Conor, as I call him, spoke of six stages: Presence, Pretense, Breakpoint, Voice, Clash, and Expulsion . Exorcism exacts practically intolerable toll on the priest in charge, not infrequently resulting in his death, at which point the junior helper must take over the task. Demonic possession is not an isolated or freak phenomenon. It seems to be on the rise, especially in the United States. Perhaps this has something to do with the demise of religious authority, the proliferation of Satanist covens, child abuse and sacrifice, the prevalence and glorification of Satanist elements in pop culture, and, finally, the wide acceptance and promotion of sexual perversion as a new norm. 
'The incidence of Exorcism,' Fr. Martin begins by pointing out, 'has been on a steady rise. There has been a 750 percent increase in the number of Exorcisms performed between the early 1960s and the mid-1970s. Over the same period, there has been an alarming increase in the number of requested Possessions '“ that is, cases in which the Possessed formally request Satan to possess them '” in comparison to the cases of incurred Possessions, which result from other sorts of activities of the Possessed that facilitate Possession. 
Each year, some 800 to 1,300 major Exorcisms and some thousands of minor Exorcisms are performed. For experts in the field, this is a sobering barometer of the increase in known cases of Possession. But it is still more sobering to realize how many more cases of Possession cannot be addressed at all. The thousands of letters I receive from people who are desperate for help '” Catholic, Protestant, Evangelical, and unchurched '” are eloquent, anguished, and a steadily mounting testimony to the crisis. 
Law officers, meanwhile, are increasingly confronted on every side by the incontrovertible signs of crimes committed in the course of ritualistic Satanism, or as a grisly result of an individual's participation in such rituals. They are very often left out of the shrunken loop of expert advice and assistance. Advice and assistance that was once routinely to be found. 
To those who are active in the field of Exorcism, and who therefore acquire a greater than usual ability to uncover and recognize the marks of ritualistic Satanism for what they are, it is clear that in many police precincts the Satanist character of a crime is either relegated to the background or not mentioned at all '” at least not in public reports. 
By and large, the police have no other choice. They have neither competence nor authority in the rarefied and dangerous field of Satanist behavior.' Most of the above points were made on numerous occasions in mythology and folklore, e.g., vampires, werewolves, and the tale of Dr Faustus adapted by Marlowe and Goethe. Jesus Christ was of course the Grand Exorcist, not only in the Gadarene swine incident but his opus seems to me to have been focused on confronting the Devil in Judaism for which he paid with his life '¦ the tale does not end there in my view but I leave these speculative elements to the reader. '” Â§ '” THE SIX STAGES OF DEMONIC POSSESSION 
From the moment the exorcist enters the room, a peculiar feeling seems to hang in the very air. From that moment in any genuine exorcism and onward through its duration, everyone in the room is aware of some alien Presence . This indubitable sign of possession is as unexplainable and unmistakable as it is inescapable. All the signs of possession, however blatant or grotesque, however subtle or debatable, seem both to pale before and to be marshaled in the face of this Presence. 
There is no sure physical trace of the Presence, but everyone feels it. You have to experience it to know it; you cannot locate it spatially- beside or above or within the possessed, or over in the corner or under the bed or hovering in midair. 
In one sense, the Presence is nowhere, and this magnifies the terror, because there is a presence, an other present. Not a 'he' or a 'she' or an 'it.' Sometimes, you think that what is present is singular, sometimes plural. When it speaks, as the exorcism goes on, it will sometimes refer to itself as 'I' and sometimes as 'WE.' 
This is reminiscent of the possessing entity in the Gospel who, when asked his name by Jesus, replied: 'I am Legion.' 'I AM LEGION.' 
Invisible and intangible, the Presence claws at the humanness of those gathered in the room. You can exercise logic and expel any mental image of it. You can say to yourself: 'I am only imagining this. Careful! Don't panic!' And there may be a momentary relief. But then, after a time lag of bare seconds, the Presence returns as an inaudible hiss in the brain, as a wordless threat to the self you are. Its name and essence seem to be compounded of threat, to be only and intensely baleful, concentratedly intent on hate for hate's sake and on destruction for destruction's sake. '” Â§ '” 
In the early stages of an exorcism , the evil spirit will make every attempt to 'hide behind' the possessed, so to speak-to appear to be one and the same person and personality with its victim. This is the Pretense . 
The first task of the priest is to break that Pretense, to force the spirit to reveal itself openly as separate from the possessed-and to name itself, for all possessing spirits are called by a name that generally (though not always) has to do with the way that spirit works on its victim. 
As the exorcist sets about his task, the evil spirit may remain silent altogether; or it may speak with the voice of the possessed, and use past experiences and recollections of the possessed. This is often done skillfully, using details no one but the possessed could know. It can be very disarming, even pitiful. It can make everyone, including the priest, feel that it is the priest who is the villain, subjecting an innocent person to terrible rigors. Even the mannerisms and characteristics of the possessed are used by the spirit as its own camouflage. 
Sometimes the exorcist cannot shatter the Pretense for days. But until he does, he cannot bring matters to a head. If he fails to shatter it at all, he has lost. Perhaps another exorcist replacing him will succeed. But he himself has been beaten. Every exorcist learns during Pretense that he is dealing with some force or power that is at times intensely cunning, sometimes supremely intelligent, and at other times capable of crass stupidity (which makes one wonder further about the problem of singular or plural); and it is both highly dangerous and terribly vulnerable. 
Oddly, while this spirit or power or force knows some of the most secret and intimate details of the lives of everyone in the room, at the same time it also displays gaps in knowledge of things that may be happening at any given moment of the present. 
But the priest must not be lulled by small victories or take chances on hoped-for stupidities. He must be ready to have his own sins and blunders and weaknesses put into his mind or shouted in ugliness for all to hear. He must not make excuses for his past, or wither as even his loveliest memories are fingered by ultimate filth and contempt; he must not be sidetracked in any way from his primary intention of freeing the possessed person before him. And he must at all costs avoid trading abuse or getting into any logical arguments with the possessed. The temptation to do so is more frequent than one might think, and must be regarded as a potentially fatal trap that can shatter not only the exorcism, but quite literally shatter the exorcist as well. 
Accordingly, as the Pretense begins to break down, the behavior of the possessed usually increases in violence and repulsiveness. It is as though an invisible manhole opens, and out of it pours the unmentionably inhuman and the humanly unacceptable. There is a stream of filth and unrestrained abuse, accompanied often by physical violence, writhing, gnashing of teeth, jumping around, sometimes physical attacks on the exorcist. '” Â§ '” 
A new hallmark of the proceedings enters as the Breakpoint nears, and ushers in one of the more subtle sufferings the exorcist must undergo: confusion. Complete and dreadful confusion. Rare is the exorcist who does not falter here for at least a moment, enmeshed in the peculiar pain of apparent contradiction of all sense. 
His ears seem to smell foul words. His eyes seem to hear offensive sounds and obscene screams. His nose seems to taste a high-decibel cacophony. Each sense seems to be recording what another sense should be recording. Each nerve and sinew of onlookers and participants becomes rigid as they strive for control. Panic-the fear of being dissolved into insanity-runs in quick jabs through everyone there. All present experience this increasingly violent and confusing assault. But the exorcist is the one who rides the storm. He is the direct target of it all. 
The Breakpoint is reached at that moment when the Pretense has finally collapsed altogether. The voice of the possessed is no longer used by the spirit, though the new, strange voice may or may not issue from the mouth of the victim. In Thomas Wu's case, the alien voice did come from the possessed's mouth; and that was why the police captain was so startled. The sound produced is often not even remotely like any human sound. 
At the Breakpoint, for the first time, the spirit speaks of the possessed in the third person, as a separate being. For the first time, the possessing spirit acts personally and speaks of 'I' or 'we,' usually interchangeably, and of 'my' and 'our' or 'mine' and 'ours.' 
Another very frequent sign that the Breakpoint has been reached is the appearance of what Father Conor called the Voice . 
The Voice is an inordinately disturbing and humanly distressing babel. The first few syllables seem to be those of some word pronounced slowly and thickly-somewhat like a tape recording played at a subnormal speed. You are just straining to pick up the word and a layer of cold fear has already gripped you-you know this sound is alien. But your concentration is shattered and frustrated by an immediate gamut of echoes, of tiny, prickly voices echoing each syllable, screaming it, whispering it, laughing it, sneering it, groaning it, following it. They all hit your ear, while the alien voice is going on unhurriedly to the next syllable, which you then try to catch, while guessing at the first one you lost. By then, the tiny, jabbing voices have caught up with that second syllable; and the voice has proceeded to the third syllable; and so on. 
If the exorcism is to proceed, the Voice must be silenced. It takes an enormous effort of will on the part of the exorcist, in direct confrontation with the alien will of evil, to silence the Voice. The priest must get himself under control and challenge the spirit first to silence and then to identify itself intelligibly. 
As in all things to do with Exorcism of Evil Spirit, the priest makes this challenge with his own will, but always in the name and by the authority of Jesus and his Church. To do so in his own name or by some fancied authority of his own would be to invite personal disaster. Merely human power unadorned and without aid cannot cope with the preternatural. (It is to be remembered that when we speak of the preternatural, we are not speaking about what are known as poltergeists.) 
Usually, at this point and as the Voice dies out, a tremendous pressure of an obscure kind affects the exorcist. This is the first and outermost edge of a direct and personal collision with the 'will of the Kingdom,' the Clash . 
We all know from our personal experience that there can be no struggle of single personal wills without that felt and intuitive contact between two persons. There is a two-way communication that is as real as a conversation using words. The Clash is the heart of a special and dreadful communication, the nucleus of this singular battle of wills between exorcist and Evil Spirit. '” Â§ '” 
Painful as it will be for him, the priest must look for the Clash. He must provoke it. If he cannot lock wills with the evil thing and force that thing to lock its will in opposition to his own, then again the exorcist is defeated. 
The issue between the two, the exorcist and the possessing spirit, is simple. Will the totally antihuman invade and take over? Will it, noisome and merciless, seep over that narrow rim where the exorcist would hold his ground alone, and engulf him? Or will it, unwillingly, protestingly, under a duress greater than its single-track will, stop, identify itself, cede, retire, disappear, and be volatilized back into an unknown pit of being where no man wants to go ever? 
Even with all the pressure on him, and in fullest human agony, if the exorcist has got this far, he must press home. He has gained an advantage. He has already forced the evil spirit to come out on its own. If he has not been able to until now, he must finally force it to give its name. And then, some exorcists feel, the exorcist must pursue for as much information as he can. For in some peculiar way, as exorcists find, the more an evil spirit can be forced to reveal in the Clash and its aftermath, the surer and easier will be the Expulsion when that moment comes. To force as complete an identification as possible is perhaps a mark of domination of one will over another. 
It is of crucial interest to speculate about the violence provoked by Exorcism-the physical and mental struggles that are so extreme they can bring on death. Why would spirit battle so? Why not leave and waft off invisibly to someone or someplace else? For spirit itself seems to suffer in these battles. 
Time and again, in exorcism after exorcism, there occurs that curious thing to do with spirit and place, the strange puzzle mentioned previously in connection with the room chosen for the exorcism. When Jesus expelled the unclean spirits, those spirits showed concern for where they might go. In record after record, as well as in several exorcisms recounted in this book, the possessing spirits wail in lament and questioning pain: 'Where shall we go?''We too have to possess our habitation.''Even the Anointed One gave us a place with the swine.''Here . . . we can't stay here any longer.' 
Evil Spirit, having found a home with a consenting host, does not appear to give up its place easily. It claws and fights and deceives and even risks killing its host before it will be expelled. How violent the struggle probably depends on many things; the intelligence of the spirit being dealt with and the degree of possession achieved over the victim are perhaps two one could speculate about. 
Whatever determines the actual pitch of violence, once the exorcist has forced the invading spirit to identify itself, and sustained the first wordless bout of the Clash, and then invoked its formal condemnation and expulsion by the Exorcism rite, the immediate result is generally a struggle tortuous beyond/imagining, an open violence that leaves all subtlety behind. 
The person possessed is by now obviously aware in one way or another of what possessed him. Frequently he becomes a true battleground for much of the remainder of the exorcism, enduring unbelievable punishment and strain. 
It is sometimes possible for the exorcist to appeal directly to the possessed person, urging him to use some part of his own will still free of the spirit's influence and control, and engage directly in the fight, aiding the exorcist. And at such moments no animal pinned helplessly to the ground struggles more pathetically against the drinking of its life's blood by a voracious and superior cruelty. The very nauseous character of the possessed person's appearance and behavior appears to be a sign of his desire for deliverance, a desperate sign of struggle, evidence of a revolt where once he had consented. 
Increasingly what had possessed him is being forced into the open, all the while protesting its victim's revolt and its own expulsion. The violence of the contortions and the physical disfigurement of the possessed can reach a degree one would think he could not possibly withstand. 
The exorcist, too, comes in for full attack now. Once cornered, the evil spirit seems able to call on a superior intelligence, and will try to lure the exorcist on to a field boobytrapped and mined with situations from which no human can extricate himself. 
Any weakness in the religious faith that alone sustains the exorcist or any fatigue will allow the exorcist's mind to be flooded with a terrible light he cannot fend off-a light that can burn the very roots of his reason and turn him emotionally into the most servile of slaves desperate to be liberated from all bodily life. 
These are only some of the dangers and traps that face every exorcist. His pain is physical, emotional, mental. He has to deal with what is eerie but not enthralling; with something askew, but intelligently so; with a quality that is upside down and inside out, but significantly so. The mordant traits of nightmare are there in full regalia, but this is no dream and permits him no thankful remission. 
He is attacked by a stench so powerful that many exorcists start vomiting uncontrollably. He is made to bear physical pain, and he feels anguish over his very soul. He is made to know he is touching the completely unclean, the totally unhuman . 'THE TOTALLY UNHUMAN' ( CLICK TO EXPAND ) 
All sense may suddenly seem nonsense. Hopelessness is confirmed as the only hope. Death and cruelty and contempt are normal. Anything comely or beautiful is an illusion. Nothing, it seems, was ever right in the world of man. Here is an atmosphere as bizarre as Bedlam. 
If, in spite of his emotions and his imagination and his body'”all trapped at once in pain and anguish'”if, in spite of all this, the will of the exorcist holds in the Clash, what he does is to approach his final function in this situation as an authorized human witness for Jesus. 
By no power of his, on account of no privilege of his own, he calls finally on the evil spirit TO DESIST, TO BE DISPOSSESSED, TO DEPART! '” AND TO LEAVE THE PERSON POSSESSED. 
And, if the exorcism is successful, this is what happens. The possession ends. 
All present become aware of a change around them. The sense of Presence is totally, suddenly absent. 
Sometimes there are receding voices or other noises, sometimes only dead silence. 
The recently possessed will wake up as if from a dream, a nightmare, a coma. Sometimes he will remember much of what he has been through; sometimes he will remember nothing at all. '” Â§ '” Many people could be demonically possessed without knowing it. Here are two individuals who, in my opinion, might benefit from the ministrations of a good exorcist: IS THIS WOMAN DEMONICALLY POSSESSED? Who knows? . . . but many have said so. (Click here for a spooky 2-minute video) IS THIS WOMAN DEMONICALLY POSSESSED? Who knows? . . . but many have thought so. Apart from the demonic expression that disfigures her face, this woman preaches White genocide'”the total destruction of the European race. What more do you have to do to qualify for demonic possession? (See HERE for more details on Barbara Spectre's psychopathy and compare the expression on her face with Figure 1 of this illustration from a medical textbook on demonic possession ) . As I wrote in a recent email to Lasha Darkmoon: 'I feel that the entire tribe of Judah is demonically possessed. They always have been for centuries. Jesus made that point over and over again in his homilies. And clearly the Jews' works bear that out. They are now the Devil's agents on Earth to promote his policies and spread contagion into the body of the goyim. History bears me out on this.' 
I will not quote Dr Darkmoon's response here. It is too long and would require a separate article of its own. Suffice to say that she disagreed with me on several counts, though she accepted my general premise that demonic possession was an authentic and veridical phenomenon and not just a superstitious relic of the Dark Ages. Continued in Part 2: The Deceiver of the World , by Lasha Darkmoon 
LOBRO VAN HELSING is a retired Canadian academic who is constantly on the move and likes visiting strange places; at present he is living in South East Asia.   2 thoughts on ' Demonic Possession Today (Part 1) ' Franklin Ryckaert says: November 19, 2016 at 10:23 am 
''¦LOBRO VAN HELSING is a retired Canadian academic who is constantly on the move and likes visiting strange places; at present he is living in South East Asia'¦' 
That sounds like 'our' Lobro of the commentariat of this website, but I thought he was of Croatian descent and 'van Helsing' is a Dutch or Flemish name.

ARTICLE

With a supplemantry note by Lasha Darkmoon on the Transhumanist Depopulation agenda 'We are now in a far worse condition than if Hitler's clone were to become President on January 20, 2017'¦. Their plan is far worse than just cloning Hitler and making him President and Commander in Chief. The day of reckoning has arrived.' '” Vid Rebel I never said I supported Donald Trump because I liked where he wanted us to go. I did say I was interested in the anger of the Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump voters. On election night a BBC reporter tried to explain how Hillary lost that state which has a huge black vote and lots of technically advanced people from out of state in what Americans call Research-Triangle Park. Obama went there in a last ditch effort to get out the vote. He was popular there amongst the college students. They had voted for him in 2012 but not so much for Hillary in 2016. The BBC reporter told us the people who lived there said they were all Bernie voters. They had zero enthusiasm for Hillary. 
I previously quoted Mike Rivero who had said that if Hillary Clinton were running in November against Godzilla, the lizard would have his vote. We have seen the Hillary Kool-Aid drinkers go crazy after Donald won. They all live in Bubbles where it would have been career suicide to say you voted against Hillary's Pay for Pay corruption. 
I have seen a lot of domestic anti-Trump propaganda from the Far Right because Donald is a Zionist. I agree with Donald that we should stop funding ISIS and let Vladimir Putin take them down. It was Obama who armed ISIS and let a small band become an international menace overnight by allowing them to take Mosul in 2014 and refusing to let the USAF take them out on that highway from Syria. But I do disagree with Donald's intention to confront Iran. For what? Resisting Zionism? 
But fortunately for Iran, what Trump and America's rulers want will soon become irrelevant. Of course that is not Good News for Americans who blindly follow the people who think they own the government of the United States. 
I have just now seen from Europe sheer post-election idiocy. Some are claiming that Donald Trump is the puppet of the Fourth Reich and is backed by the same industrialists and money men that had elevated Adolf Hitler to the Chancellorship in 1933. 
It is silly to think that the Rockefellers and the Rothschilds backed Trump. 
I do admit that America is run by a criminal elite. I had written that Catherine Austin Fitts said the US Military and Intelligence Services had given Donald a Green Light to dish out dirt on Hillary. These men were on the inside of the vile Mechanism that runs America but even they thought Hillary was one Witch Too Far to go. 
I have reported on the Elite End Game many times before. Their plan is far worse than just cloning Hitler and making him President and Commander in Chief. Far worse. 
The people who had owned the governments in the West until recently were the 30 Families and their 6,000 Minions. That is according to David Rothkopf, the former CEO of Kissinger Associates and author of Superclass. 
Fortunately for us, the people of the US and Europe are learning to resist. 
I voted once in a Presidential election where the Democrat was a member of the Trilateral Commission headed by David Rockefeller in North America and Sir Evelyn de Rothschild in Europe. The Republican was a member of the Bilderberg Society headed by Sir Evelyn de Rothschild in Europe and headed by David Rockefeller in North America. You never read that in our Corporate Media. 
Please do not call those people who run Hollywood and our TV News Nazis. They are either Jewish or work for Jewish companies.The direct ties of those who thought they were born to rule over us are more to banking than to industry. They are not Nazis. '” Â§ '” THE TRANSHUMANIST DEPOPULATION AGENDA LD : In a breakthrough interview on The Transhumanist Agenda and the 2016 Presidential Election, Catherine Austin Fitts, former US Assistant Housing Secretary and Publisher of the Solari Report, spoke of the engineered rise of autism, GMO proliferation, the expansion of Entrainment Technology, the rise of Artificial Intelligence and Robotics, and the dumbing down of American students with Common Core. (See here) . These were all, she argued, part of an overarching conspiracy to promote a massive Transhumanist Depopulation Agenda. This would be achieved by an engineered economic Armageddon, leading to mass starvation, food riots and race wars that would wipe billions of people off the face of the planet. How soon this apocalyptic scenario is likely to unfold is anyone's guess. Any moment now, many doomsayers declare. The coming of Donald Trump is regarded by many as an omen of the End Days. (LD) Vid Rebel continues: 
Catherine Austin Fitts said the Bankers stole $50 trillion from us. I think they stole a lot more. 
The Bankers gave themselves the right to charge us interest on money they created out of nothing in 1694 when they founded the Bank of England. America copied the Bank of England and the German Central Bank when they drafted the legislation for the Federal Reserve in 1910. It became law in 1913 just in time for America to create enough Unpayable Debt at Interest to fund WW I. 
The United States entered WW I because the Elite did not want the Allies to accept Germany's offer to stop the fighting in 1915. The Elite wanted the war to last long enough to bankrupt Britain and France, to set up a Jewish Communist dictatorship in Russia and to make Palestine a British colony for the Jews. None of that benefited voters in Europe or America. And the Bought and Paid For Media cannot understand why we despise both them and the 30 Families that sent them. 
We are now in a far worse condition than if Hitler's clone were to become President on January 20, 2017. 
The Elite stole all of our pensions and savings. They sold hundreds of trillions in bad bets otherwise known as Credit Default Swaps just so they could pocket tens of trillions of dollars in premiums. Don't cry for them. They made people like you (i.e. taxpayers) liable for the inevitable consequences for their actions. Just add another few hundred trillion dollars onto the pile of Unpayable Debts to be taken out of your pension fund, your savings, your bank account and your paycheck. Their malfeasance will become your obligation in the very near future. At least, that is what they are planning. 
The Bankers gave you a system in which you cannot have money unless you go into debt. The Federal Reserve will not issue paper money until the Treasury gives them a bond obligating us to pay them interest on money they created out of nothing. You cannot have checking account money until someone takes out a loan and is willing to pay the Bankers interest on money they created out of nothing. 
If we had Lincoln's non-interest bearing Greenbacks, we would not have $20 trillion in national debt and be paying $500 billion a year in taxes to pay the resulting interest. 
The recent sharp rise in the interest rate on 30 year Treasury bonds means our financial system is near collapse. 
A Depression is a period in time when Unpayable Debts are cancelled en masse. Since we foolishly have a debt based system, that means money vanishes every time a debt is discharged in foreclosure or in bankruptcy court. It is this sudden sharp Contraction in the Money Supply that creates all the unemployment. 
I have quoted Dr Steve Keen many times before. We are headed to the worst Financial Crisis in the past five centuries because we have more Unpayable Debts to cancel than at any time in the past 500 years. 
So what is worse than the Fourth Reich? Tens of millions of Americans starving to death or killing their neighbors because they have nothing to eat. 
In short, a Race War to end all wars. 
Of course this is what America's Elite had planned for them. They stole all of the pension funds and the savings. They created the Trade Deals that closed 58,000 manufacturing plants and sent millions of jobs overseas. They added 55 million people to the country's population through legal and illegal immigration. They papered over unemployment by using Funny Money to hire 30.6 million federal, state and local workers making it appear like everyone was engaged in productive work. They used Funny Money to give out unearned benefits to tens of million of people to minimize starvation until the Day of Reckoning. 
The Day of Reckoning has arrived. 
The 30 year Treasury bond's interest rate at 3% is at record highs for recent years. That means the crash and the Nationwide Food Riots and the Race Wars will soon be upon us. It was only Zero interest rates that kept the Ponzi scheme going this long. 
The only Exit Path I see, is for the US military to be asked to stop the Food Riots as soon as they begin to ravage the country. 
And the junior officers in the military must respond by arresting Bankers and seizing their assets to fund Debt Cancellation. 
Only Debt Cancellation will provide a painless way out of the coming Financial Collapse.

ARTICLE

AMERICA VANQUISHED, Part 1: America as an Israeli Colony About 
This is the website of Lasha Darkmoon, an anglo-American academic with higher degrees in Classics who lives and works in England. You can read more about Darkmoon here . Subscribe to our Newsletter Subscribe to get important new posts and other updates via our occasional newsletter. Meta

ARTICLE

According to John Kaminski, the New Boss is the same as the Old Boss. FORGET IT! 'If that's what you think,' Kaminski says, 'you're kidding yourself!' 
President-elect Donald Trump's claim he is reinvestigating 9/11 is just so much meaningless hot air '” more neocon crapola '” if he intends to solve the greatest crime in American history by including two of the event's participating perpetrators '” Rudy Giuliani and Lewis Eisenberg '” on his team of detectives. 
What kind of truth can we expect from this kind of sandbagged scrutiny? None at all. Once again our government is investigating itself with predictable results. It will do no better than the first time '” which was a total whitewash, because it is the very system itself that all these political functionaries are trying to defend which bears responsibility for this event and its impact on history. 
Hiring the people who played minor supporting roles in the 9/11 bloodbath to identify its architects and actors may yield a few sacrificial scapegoats like Cheney and some generals, but the top of the line power structure will remain solidly in place, hidden from view and utterly in control of world events. 
That Trump has surrounded himself with the tainted players who have carried out all these wars for Israel augurs for a dark future in which the militarization of America will further shrink individual rights, and the harsh crackdown on legitimate dissent '” which will soon be banned '” plainly signals the end of free speech as we have known it in the United States. 
Recall Thomas Jefferson's dictum: 'Freedom of the press cannot be limited without being lost.' Today, it is long gone. The press prints only what the government allows it to print. 
For Trump to hire such rancid refugees from the Bush administration means that he won't be investigating 9/11. Instead he will be crafting a new more realistic coverup that lambastes Saudi renegades and totally omits the overwhelming presence of Israeli Jews in all aspects of the tragedy '” the same presence that now dominates the U.S. government and its criminal activities throughout the world. 
Preemptive war is criminal activity, in case you didn't know. The U.S. is practicing it everywhere under the cynical guise of fighting terror, which it itself creates by hiring thugs from around the world to fit into the proper terror slots and become believable enemies for the press to vilify and our military to bomb. 
The U.S. has literally slaughtered millions of people around the world at the behest of a small group of mostly Jewish men (and the gentiles they have bought) who control not only virtually all the money of the people in the world, but also control their thoughts as a result. 
Mayor Giuliani ran the command post in Building 7. You remember Building 7, that building that was knocked down by not being hit by an airplane. Giuliani knows everything that happened, and who did what. 
Eisenberg, one of the world's foremost financiers, was the head of the New York Port Authority who leased the Twin Towers to Silverstein. Silverstein, who spoke frequently with top Israeli leaders, wound up with $4.55 billion. 
The question with regard to Trump's integrity kind of splits down the middle since he seems to have a genuine desire to succeed and restore the peace, but he is indebted to forces far larger than himself, which he is now trying to placate by surrounding himself with the traditional pseudo Republican goons like Gingrich and Romney. 
If only they were genuine Republicans it wouldn't be so bad, but they're poseurs, all ultimately working for the Rockefellers and the Rothschilds. 
Business as usual in the Jewish American empire, gnawing on the fatted calf while   bleeds. 
Trump's choices reveal a desire to continue the swashbuckling sadism of the Bush Administration. Throughout his campaign I always shuddered when Trump would proclaim that we needed a stronger military, and I thought, tell that to the people beneath the bombs because they want no part of any of this. 
As a newspaper blows trivial events into earthshaking issues, so politicians identify all manner of enemies that demonstrate the desperate need for them to be elected. 
Like the Boston Marathon bombing that turned a mercenary drill into a region wide suspension of freedom of movement, the worst story possible is presented even as inconvenient facts are left behind. 
Think about the atrocities and false flag shockers that have been foisted on us since 9/11. Statistics reveal that more than 90 of significant terror incidents began life as FBI sting operations manipulating low IQ bigmouths into capital crimes. 
Why is it the cops can commit crimes against the people but the people can't commit crimes against the cops? This is not the kind of freedom we thought we'd get while growing up. 
Trump certainly is not addressing any of these issues, and a Trump administration will merely continue the clumsy depredations and smokescreen lies that have exemplified the utterly corrupt and criminal nature of the United States as it is run by Jews bankers holed up in the City of London, and wreaking havoc throughout the world by their control of everyone's money. 
What is really needed is a full accounting of what the Jews have done to the United States, and restitution to United States citizens over moneys illegally stolen by the Federal Reserve Corporation to be taken from its stockholders immediately. 
Of course this is impossible because the Jews own the government and all the corrupt minions within it. One word from them and you're out of a job. 
The avaricious Jews are really only a reflection of the darker side of humanity. Like good sociopaths, they learned everything they know by mimicking others, and have become better than everyone else at what they do simply by practice and cooperation. 
They have never once considered that the fate of the world ultimately depends on treating everyone in the world as members of your own family, even as that becomes impossible on a continent overrun by hungry savages who were put there by these very same sadists who control the United States and its fearsome war machine. 
A war machine that is now being used against its own people '” through media, medicine and food '” as the people who control everything consolidate their hold on a population rapidly being shaped into the cattle our Hebrew herders have always called us. DISCLAIMER. All articles, comments, and videos published on this website reflect the views of their original authors and in no way necessarily mirror the outlook of anyone associated with this website. VIDEO : 8:46 mins

ARTICLE

STEVE BANNON Donald's Trump's Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor 
'As a Jew who has worked for years with Steve Bannon, I can tell you he is not an anti-Semite or a white nationalist. He doesn't have an anti-Semitic bone in his body.' '” David Horowitz, Jewish founder of the David Horowitz Freedom Center and editor of FrontPage Magazine . 
When president-elect Donald Trump named Steve Bannon, the controversial media figure behind the alt-right website Breitbart News Network, as his 'senior strategist' '” major Jewish groups raised the alarm. 
The Anti-Defamation League condemned the move, saying Bannon's website was home to racists and fostered hatred against Jews. But to his Jewish defenders '” which include Breitbart's CEO and senior editors for the site '” he is an ally and proud Zionist. 
'I can say, without hesitation, that Steve is a friend of the Jewish people and a defender of Israel, as well as being a passionate American patriot and a great leader,' Joel Pollak, an Orthodox Jew and a senior editor for Breitbart News, wrote on Monday. 
Indeed, Breitbart's origin story has its roots in Israel, according to Larry Solov, Breitbart's CEO and president, another close Jewish colleague of Bannon. 
In a November 2015 post on Breitbart News, Solov describes the conception of the news site in 2007. It happened, Solov writes, during a trip to Israel with Andrew Breitbart, the Jewish founder and namesake of the website. 
The site was born to defend the Jewish state. 
'One thing we specifically discussed that night was our desire to start a site that would be unapologetically pro-freedom and pro-Israel,' Solov wrote. 'We were sick of the anti-Israel bias of the mainstream media.' 
Solov and Breitbart were 'blown away by the spirit, tenacity and resourcefulness of the Israeli people on that trip,' Solov wrote. 
Breitbart died in 2012 and Bannon became editor of the site. 
Under Bannon's leadership, the site became one of the best known platforms and gateways for the alt-right, a diverse group that traffics in white nationalism and racism. Richard Spencer , a founder of the political movement who advocates for the creation of a 'white ethno-state,' called Breitbart a 'gateway' to alt-right ideas and writers. 
During Trump's campaign, the site became particularly enamored with the Republican candidate and lampooned and attacked his opponents. 
For Ben Shapiro, a former writer at Breitbart News, Bannon betrayed the original vision of the site's founder. 
'Andrew Breitbart despised racism,' Shapiro wrote on Monday. 'With Bannon embracing Trump, all that changed. Now Breitbart has become the alt-right go-to website '¦ pushing white ethno-nationalism as a legitimate response to political correctness, and the comment section turning into a cesspool for white supremacist mememakers.' 
But even as the site may have appealed to anti-Semites, it retained its Zionist bona fides under Bannon. 
In 2015, Bannon launched a Jerusalem branch of Breitbart News, which covers events in Israel. It is edited by Israel-based American reporter Aaron Klein, another Bannon advocate. Klein, a Yeshiva University graduate, is also a columnist for the Jewish Press, a weekly newspaper with a conservative bent. 
Klein recently called the anti-Trump protests across the country a product of 'professional agitators' who are seeking the 'downfall of the U.S. capitalist system.' 
The activist Pamela Geller, known for her anti-Islamic campaigning, also counts herself among Bannon's Jewish allies. On Twitter, Geller defended Bannon recently, dismissing those who were characterizing Bannon as an anti-Semite. 
'He partnered [with] Breitbart '” a Jew,' she wrote. 'He partnered [with] Larry Solov (after Breitbart died) a Jew. He worked [with] me '” a Jew.' Then she added: #Zionist. 
David Horowitz, founder of the conservative think tank David Horowitz Freedom Center also came to Bannon's defense, saying Bannon does not have an 'anti-Semitic bone in his body.' 
'As a Jew who has worked for years with Steve Bannon,' Horowitz wrote in an email to the Forward, 'I can tell you he is not an anti-Semite or a white nationalist.' LD : For further proof that Steve Bannon is not going to do anything to challenge Jewish power in America or stand up to Israel, see this thought-provoking article in the Occidental Observer : Anti-Semitism as Political Assassination: The Smearing of Steve Bannon. I really do feel at this stage, though of course I could be wrong, that diehard anti-Semites and ardent White Nationalists are most unlikely to see any of their dreams come true in the foreseeable future. That's what makes anti-Semites and White nationalists the angriest people on earth: their dreams are constantly being shattered as they see the Jews becoming more powerful and tyrannical at their expense. Constant defeat leaves a bitter taste in the mouth. Like this? Share it now.

