ARTICLE


As USA Supreme first reported U.S. Code is clear Hillary is disqualified to be president! This news was just confirmed by Chris Wallace for Hillary there is no going back.The news that FBI Director James Comey has unilaterally decided to reopen the FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's email server is unwelcome news in the Clinton camp. Not only does it give her opponent an incredibly potent talking point, it presents some legal problems for Clinton regardless of the election's outcome. (you can view the full article below) Whatever emerges from the new emails could cross the line of 'intent” that Comey said didn't exist in July. And as Fox News' Chris Wallace said to Brit Hume on On the Record on Friday, 'We could end up with a president-elect who could, conceivably, be indicted after she becomes president.” Hillary Clinton has stated on many occasions that her candidacy is 'historic.” While she's only talking about her gender, it may be historic for more nefarious reasons. Never before has a candidate from a major political party run for the presidency while under criminal investigation. This is a fact that will go down in the history books alongside the fact that Clinton is the first woman to capture a major party's nomination for President of the United States. 
Wallace just confirmed USA Supreme news that under U.S. Code Hillary is disqualified from running for president You can view the full article here http://www.usasupreme.com/confirmed-u-s-code-title-18-part-1-chapter-2071-hillary-officially-disqualified-run-president/ 
Posted by USA Supreme on Sunday, October 30, 2016 Comey's reopening of the investigation is based on information gleaned from the Anthony Weiner pedophilia investigation. Clinton uber-aide Huma Abedin is married to Weiner (not for long) and their shared computer likely led to the trove of 33,000 emails Hillary Clinton insisted she deleted. It should be noted here that Clinton deleted these emails after the entirety of her emails were requested under a subpoena. In fact, the only people who vetted the information in those 33,000 missing emails were Clinton's personal lawyers, including Cheryl Mills. Mills received immunity from the FBI with assurances her computer would be permanently destroyed. Should Clinton be indicted, and should she be found guilty of the crime of mishandling classified information – among the other criminal acts she committed as Secretary of State along with her abuse of the Clinton Foundation – we would have a constitutional crisis. US law – 18 US Code § 2071 – states that a violator of this statute: 'Shall Forfeit His Office And Be Disqualified From Holding Any Office Under The United States…Whoever, having the custody of any such record, proceeding, map, book, document, paper, or other thing, willfully and unlawfully conceals, removes, mutilates, obliterates, falsifies, or destroys the same, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both; and shall forfeit his office and be disqualified from holding any office under the United States.” This would necessarily mean that Clinton, if elected, would have to be impeached in the US House of Representatives, convicted in the US Senate, and then removed from office. That would add another first to Mrs. Clinton's list of firsts. She would go down in history as one part of the married duo who were both impeached from the presidency. As Wallace said, 'Just when you think it couldn't get any more shocking, any more twisted…” Will Hillary break the law again and keep her security clearance we have to wait and see, but if there is any law in our country she would be disqualified to run for president! 
ARTICLE

Subscribe 
John Pilger did an interview with Assange and is planning to use this material for his next documentary about Wikileaks founder! We are going to report with every major info from this interview in the next few days! Assange once again made an astonishing statement, and he confirmed his statement from a couple of days ago that Wikileaks will release election day bombshell, but also added that they are doing this for a reason! 
Assange offers several predictions and analyses, most quite revealing. He also hinted that he would expose the whole truth about Hillary on election day! Assange notes the most significant email in an entire load of emails may well be the one in which Hillary (2014) contacts John Podesta. This email states that 'the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region.” Assange notes that the backing is from 'the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar.” 
However, he also gave his view about the election day bombshell with surprising statement: 
We Are Purposely Holding The Emails Back Until Election Day So They Cannot Have Time To Replace Hillary.” 
Pilger observes,”… ISIL or ISIS is created largely with money from the very people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation, will the election day bombshell contain similar material .” Assange did not confirm this but just answered that would be very valuable information that could change everything. 
The slant of this interview is evident, but that does not make it incorrect. The challenge is to determine, logically and with the information at hand: is there sense and feasibility to Assange's conclusions?(video below part 1 of the interview) 
Assange: The Global Elites Will Not Allow Donald Trump To you can read the full article on the following link http://www.usasupreme.com/assange-trump-will-not-global-elites-winvideo/ 
Posted by USA Supreme on Friday, November 4, 2016 Facebook Comments 
ARTICLE

Subscribe 
Comey didn't close the whole investigation on Hillary Clinton case he only cleared Clinton's use of private server what he wrote as you can see in the letter below is: 'with respect to former Secretary of State, Clinton's use of a personal email server”… Does not apply to Clinton Foundation investigation, which is ongoing.The mainstream media is trying to protect Hillary before election day and is ignoring this crucial information FBI has three ongoing investigations! 
However, we would be remiss if we didn't remind everyone about the original Comey letter to congress. 
Everything is clear here there are three ongoing FBI investigation on Hillary Clinton case: The Clinton Foundation Probe: We've learned an FBI probe of the Clinton Foundation for possible financial crimes and influence peddling has been in progress for over a year. The Podesta Brothers: Most of those WikiLeaks bombshells the Clinton media is ignoring with such furious intensity are to, from, or copied to John Podesta, the CEO of Hillary Clinton's campaign, and probably the most powerful figure in Clintonworld not named 'Clinton.” Terry McAuliffe's Campaign Donations: The Clintons' old friend Terry McAuliffe, currently the governor of Virginia, has been under FBI investigation for over a year by the Public Integrity unit over campaign fundraising and donations. Part of that investigation involves his time with the Clinton Global Initiative. Comey didn't say he was closing any case, just that he is not recommending any charges. We know that they will reopen it again if more evidence comes about. She has not been exonerated by a court. Just because crony FBI official is not recommending charges does not mean she is innocent.” Share this article everywhere and help us expose the truth about Hillary Clinton Facebook Comments 
