ARTICLE

at 3:08 pm Leave a comment 
The name Peter Kadzik probably doesn't ring a bell for many of you, although it probably should. This guy is a real piece of work, as an excellent article published earlier today at the Daily Caller demonstrates. 
Here's some of what we learned: 
The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, John Podesta, the Democrat's campaign chairman, met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, a top official at the Justice Department. 
The dinner arrangement, revealed in hacked Podesta emails released by WikiLeaks, is just the latest example of an apparent conflict of interest between the Clinton campaign and the federal agency charged with investigating the former secretary of state's email practices. 
Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta's birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik's son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
'The political appointees in the Obama administration, especially in the Department of Justice, appear to be very partisan in nature and I don't think had clean hands when it comes to the investigation of the private email server,' says Matthew Whitaker, the executive director of the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust, a government watchdog group. 
Kadzik, who started at the DOJ in 2013, helped spearhead the effort to nominate Lynch, who was heavily criticized for her secret meeting with the former president. 
Kadzik represented Podesta during the Monica Lewinsky investigation. And in the waning days of the Bill Clinton administration, Kadzik lobbied Podesta on behalf of Marc Rich, the fugitive who Bill Clinton controversially pardoned on his last day in office. 
In a Sept. 2008 email , which the Washington Free Beacon flagged last week, Podesta emailed an Obama campaign official to recommend Kadzik for a supportive role in the campaign. 
Podesta, who would later head up the Obama White House transition effort, wrote that Kadzik was a 'fantastic lawyer' who 'kept me out of jail.' 
Podesta made false statements to a grand jury impaneled by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr for the investigation. But he defended the falsehoods, saying later that he was merely relaying false information from Clinton that he did not know was inaccurate at the time. 
'He did lie to me,' Podesta said about Clinton in a National Public Radio interview in 1998. Clinton was acquitted by the Senate in Feb. 1999 of perjury and obstruction of justice charges related to the Lewinsky probe. 
Kadzik, then a lawyer with the firm Dickstein Shapiro Morin & Oshinsky, represented Podesta through the fiasco. 
Podesta had been promoted to Clinton's chief of staff when he and Kadzik became embroiled in another scandal. 
Kadzik was then representing Marc Rich, a billionaire financier who was wanted by the U.S. government for evading a $48 million tax bill. The fugitive, who was also implicated in illegal trading activity with nations that sponsored terrorism, had been living in Switzerland for 17 years when he sought the pardon. 
To help Rich, Kadzik lobbied Podesta heavily in the weeks before Clinton left office on Jan. 20, 2001. 
A House Oversight Committee report released in May 2002 stated that 'Kadzik was recruited into Marc Rich's lobbying campaign because he was a long-time friend of White House Chief of Staff John Podesta.' 
The report noted that Kadzik contacted Podesta at least seven times regarding Rich's pardon. 
On top of the all-hands-on-deck lobbying effort, Rich's ex-wife, Denise Rich, had doled out more than $1 million to the Clintons and other Democrats prior to the pardon. She gave $100,000 to Hillary Clinton's New York Senate campaign and another $450,000 to the Clinton presidential library. 
The first mention of personal contact between Podesta and Kadzik in the WikiLeaks dump is in an Oct. 23, 2015 email sent out by Vincent Roberti, a lobbyist who is close to Podesta and his superlobbyist brother, Tony Podesta. In it, Roberti refers to a dinner reservation at Posto, a Washington D.C. restaurant. 
The dinner was set for 7:30 that evening, just a day after Clinton gave 11 hours of testimony to the Benghazi Committee. 
Podesta and Kadzik met several months later for dinner at Podesta's home, another email shows . And in an email sent on May 5, 2015, Kadzik's son asked Podesta for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
I'll have the lobster risotto with a side of cronyism and middle class destruction. 
As head of the Office of Legislative Affairs, Kadzik handles inquiries from Congress on a variety of issues. In that role he was not in the direct chain of command on the Clinton investigation. 
The Justice Department and FBI have insisted that career investigators oversaw the investigation, which concluded in July with no charges filed against Clinton. 
But Kadzik worked on other Clinton email issues in his dealings with Congress. 
Last November, he denied a request from Republican lawmakers to appoint a special counsel to lead the investigation. 
Seems like a pretty important decision for a Clinton crony to make. 
The Justice Department declined to comment on the record for this article. 
Could the Department of Injustice have any less credibility? 
For more on the shameless and shady FBI 'investigation' into Hillary Clinton, see:
ARTICLE

at 12:46 pm Leave a comment 
We are not here to gain power, we are here to distribute power. 
– Ásta Guthrún Helgadóttir Pirate member of Iceland's Parliament 
While there are all sorts of populist political movements gaining traction across the West, the only one I find genuinely revolutionary and distinctly interesting and productive is Iceland's Pirate Party. 
I've covered the upstart party in the past, most recently earlier this year in the post, 'The Pirates Are Coming' – Iceland's Pirate Party Polls at 43% Following the PM's Resignation . Now, with the Icelandic election just days away (October 29th), the party is back in the news due to an expected strong performance. 
The Washington Post explains: 
REYKJAVIK, ICELAND — The party that could be on the cusp of winning Iceland's national elections on Saturday didn't exist four years ago. 
Its members are a collection of anarchists, hackers, libertarians and Web geeks. It sets policy through online polls — and thinks the government should do the same. It wants to make Iceland 'a Switzerland of bits,' free of digital snooping. It has offered Edward Snowden a new place to call home. 
And then there's the name: In this land of Vikings, the Pirate Party may soon be king. 
To Jónsdóttir and other Pirate true believers — who define their party as neither left nor right, but a radical movement that combines the best of both — the election here could also be the start of the reboot that Western democracy so desperately needs. 
'People want real changes and they understand that we have to change the systems, we have to modernize how we make laws,' said Jónsdóttir, whose jet-black hair and matching nail polish cut a distinctive profile in a country where politics has long been dominated by paunchy blond men. 
The sticker affixed to the back of her chrome-finish laptop stands out, too: an imitation seal of the U.S. government, the familiar arrow-bearing eagle encircled by the words 'National Security Agency Monitored Device.' At the Pirates' tech-start-up-esque office in an industrial area of Reykjavik's seafront, a Guy Fawkes mask hangs from the wall and a skull-and-crossbones flag peeks out from a ceramic vase. 
The Pirates have spelled out their positions on issues from fishing quotas to online pornography to Snowden. (Party leaders offered him Icelandic citizenship if he can find a way to get here.) But on some of the biggest questions facing the country, the official party position is to punt to the voters. 
To party devotees, that's fine. The Pirates, they say, are less about any specific ideology than they are about a belief that the West's creaking political systems can be hacked to give citizens a greater say in their democracy. 
'We are not here to gain power,' said Ásta Guthrún Helgadóttir, a 26-year-old Pirate member of Parliament. 'We are here to distribute power.' 
Like everything else, the Pirate Party cannot be seen in a vacuum. A total implosion of the Icelandic economy was necessary to clear the path. 
As The Nation notes: 
Iceland's political status quo—a Nordic-style parliamentary democracy, dominated for decades by pro-NATO conservatives—was shattered when the country went bust in the 2008 financial crisis, pitching Iceland into its deepest crisis since full independence and the republic were declared in 1944. This year, Iceland was rocked again when the Panama Papers leak exposed corruption among top politicos, including the prime minister, who resigned under fire. 'People here are angry and frustrated,' says Karl Blöndal, deputy editor of the center-right Morgunbladid. 'In the minds of many voters, the Pirates are the only untainted party, and with them Birgitta carries authority. She's been the face of the opposition since the crash.' 
Iceland's Pirates, though they currently hold only three spots in the 64-seat parliament, are among the highest-profile of Europe's Pirate parties. The anarchic hacker-led movement, global in scope, focuses on privacy rights and freedom of expression in the digital age. Born a decade ago in Sweden, and since turbo-charged by WikiLeaks' and Edward Snowden's disclosures about NSA surveillance, the Pirates have dozens of chapters worldwide, from Australia to Canada, and a headquarters in Geneva. Iceland's Pirates were the first in the world voted into a national legislature. 
Indeed, Jónsdóttir and Iceland's Pirates see themselves as part of something greater than the direct-democracy uprising they're leading in the chill North Atlantic. They understand Iceland as the 'test grounds for radical progressive changes,' and they stand for an international legalization of WikiLeaks, asylum for Edward Snowden, and legalizing drugs across Europe. They say they'll turn diminutive Iceland (a country so small its citizens are listed in the phone book by first names) into an international digital safe haven where data, such as whistle-blower revelations, can be securely transmitted and stored. 
In contrast to Europe and the United States, however, Iceland refused to rescue the banks with taxpayer money; instead, the failed banks were renationalized. Iceland chose instead to protect its citizens, first by imposing capital controls so that money couldn't leave the country and, second, by expanding the social safety net. 'Iceland did the right thing…creditors, not the taxpayers, shouldered the losses of banks,' said economist and Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz in 2011. The bankers were eventually sent to jail: 26 financiers received sentences totaling 74 years. 
The possibilities are endless once you start jailing bankers. 
For related articles, see:
ARTICLE

at 4:39 pm Leave a comment 
The more you look into Evan Bayh's post-Senate 'career,' the dirtier it becomes (he's running for Senate again this year). 
Earlier this week, I published a lengthy article examining Bayh's shameless cash grab since he left Congress in the article, Democratic Senate Candidate Evan Bayh Represents Everything Broken, Corrupt and Wrong With America . I wrote: Many of you will know the name Evan Bayh. He's the son of three-term Indiana Senator Birch Bayh, and went on to become Governor of Indiana from 1983-1997, and then Senator himself from 1999-2011. Upon leaving 'public service,' he did what most of these government prostitutes do — made millions and millions of dollars doing pretty much nothing. As a recent article from Politico reveals, the Bayh family had assets worth $2.1-$7.7 million when he left the Senate in 2010, but it has since surged to a range of $13.8 million-$48 million. Making that kind of money isn't easy for anyone, and it's particularly suspicious in the hands of a man supposedly dedicated to public service. So how did the couple make all this money? Evan, for one, joined law and lobbying firm McGuireWoods and became an advisor to private equity giant Apollo Global as upon leaving the Senate. Meanwhile, I can't figure out for the life of me what his wife Susan does. She seems to be a 'professional board member' for a variety of large companies. Just one day after I published the above, The Huffington Post came out with a piece that adds additional pieces to the very slimy post-Senate history of Evan Bayh. Here's some of what we learn: 
Evan Bayh, the former Democratic senator from Indiana and current Senate candidate, has at least $1 million in holdings with a Bermuda-based insurance company, Athene, that has a business model that a class action lawsuit is challenging as a bait-and-switch scam. 
Athene's business plan, the suit claims, is to buy up the annuities of retirees that had previously been invested in bonds and blue chip stocks, and instead pump their money into the risky bets of a private equity firm. That firm turns out to be Apollo Global Management ― where Bayh is a highly paid senior adviser ― which actually owns Athene, so if the gamble pays off, Athene's parent company gets rich. If it flops, the retirees take the hit. 
Private equity's push into the once-boring annuity industry was the subject of a 2013 Bloomberg story, which found Apollo leading the way. 'It's a heads-I-win, tails-you-lose game,' said Lawrence Rybka, CEO of wealth-advisory firm ValMark Securities. 
Bayh has been working for Apollo as a senior adviser for public policy since early 2011, shortly after he retired from the Senate. On the personal financial disclosure he filed with the Federal Election Commission earlier this month in order to run for Senate in 2016, he states that he has received between $5.7 million and $20.9 million worth of assets in the firm. He lists his holdings in Athene as valued at between $1 million and $5 million. 
In 2010, when Bayh was still a senator, he went to battle on behalf of Apollo and other money managers who were working desperately to thwart attempts to close or narrow what's known as the 'carried interest loophole,' which allows private equity and hedge fund managers to pay bargain-basement tax rates. 
With Bayh's help, the effort to close the loophole was derailed. An analysis of Apollo's security filings suggests that the maintenance of the loophole has saved executives tens of millions of dollars on their tax bills since then. 
Bayh's rapacious grab for cash since his retirement has been extraordinary even by Clintonian standards, but it is made all the more poignant by the poetic bromides he offered on his way out. 
'I want to be engaged in an honorable line of work,' Bayh told Ezra Klein in October 2010. He said he wanted to find work where he could come home and tell his wife, 'Dear, do you know what we got done today? I've got this really bright kid in my class, and do you know what he asked me, and here's what I told him, and I think I saw a little epiphany moment go off in his mind.' 
We have since learned ― thanks to the Associated Press, which obtained his Senate schedule ― that by the time he was having this heady conversation, he had already been meeting with executives at Apollo, as well as the brass at the oil company Marathon and the law firm and lobby shop McGuire Woods. He went on to take jobs with all three, joining Apollo, sitting on Marathon's board of directors, and working as a strategic adviser at McGuire Woods. 
Earlier this month, Bayh warned his supporters in a fundraising appeal that the Koch brothers, Charles and David, were hell-bent on making sure Young won the Indiana race. 
While the claim is true, Bayh makes an awkward messenger: The Koch brothers are clients of McGuireWoods, where Bayh is still a partner. 
'Evan Bayh was paid by Koch Industries at his lobbying firm as recently as 2016 ― and he will work for them after Election Day whether he wins or loses,' said a source who lobbies for Koch Industries, asking for anonymity in order to speak openly about somebody else on their payroll. 'He calls Koch names, but he's grateful for the retainer they paid him, and Koch knows it.' 
Bayh, announcing his retirement, delivered a sermon in The New York Times that was filled with regret for the decay of the Senate, complete with hopeful recommendations for reform. But what Bayh actually did while in office has only further degraded the chamber. He used his final year to cast industry-friendly votes while interviewing for jobs with those same industries. Then he left office and became, in a very short amount of time, a wildly rich man worth somewhere between $13.9 million and $48 million. Citizens United has nothing to say about that. 
A few months after helping kill the bill, Bayh was literally sleeping at the Manhattan home of an Apollo executive, according to a Senate schedule the AP obtained. It was one of several meetings with the firm he'd joined shortly after leaving the Senate. (His spokesman told the AP he was staying with a friend.) 
If Bayh were truly looking for an 'honorable line of work,' working for a company that bought up the retirement accounts of the elderly, shifted them to risky investments and hit them with big fees is a strange way to go about it. 
Here's my related post from earlier this week in case you missed it: Democratic Senate Candidate Evan Bayh Represents Everything Broken, Corrupt and Wrong With America . 
In Liberty,
ARTICLE

at 3:02 pm Leave a comment 
As the technology becomes increasingly ubiquitous and far more accurate, facial recognition and the lack of any laws or regulations around the practice is slowly starting to enter mainstream consciousness. It's a very important issue that isn't getting the attention it deserves. 
For example, as I highlighted in the recent post, Half of American Adults Exist in a Government Accessible Facial Recognition Network : 
Half of all American adults are already in some sort of facial recognition network accessible to law enforcement, according to a comprehensive new study. 
Conducted over a year and relying in part on Freedom of Information and public record requests to 106 law enforcement agencies, the study , conducted by Georgetown Law's Center on Privacy and Technology, found American police use of facial recognition technology is a scattered, hodgepodge network of laws and regulations. 
'Looking at the sum total of what we found, there have been no laws that comprehensively regulate face recognition technology, and there's really no case law either,' Clare Garvie, an associate at the CPT, told Vocativ. 'So we find ourselves having to rely on the agencies that are using that technology to rein it in. But what we found is that not every system — by a long shot — has a use policy.' 
With that in mind, Bloomberg published an interesting article yesterday covering a couple of lawsuits against Facebook and Google regarding their facial recognition practices. 
Here's some of what we learned: 
While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there's something devious afoot are trying block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. 
As advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the world's largest social network and search engine have sold users' viewing histories for advertising. The companies insist that gathering data on what you look like isn't against the law, even without your permission. 
If judges agree with Facebook and Google, they may be able to kill off lawsuits filed under a unique Illinois law that carries fines of $1,000 to $5,000 each time a person's image is used without permission — big enough for a liability headache if claims on behalf of millions of consumers proceed as class actions. A loss by the companies could lead to new restrictions on using biometrics in the U.S., similar to those in Europe and Canada. 
Facebook declined to comment on its court fight. Google declined to comment on pending litigation. 
Facebook encourages users to 'tag' people in photographs they upload in their personal posts and the social network stores the collected information. The company uses a program it calls DeepFace to match other photos of a person. Alphabet Inc.'s cloud-based Google Photos service uses similar technology. 
The billions of images Facebook is thought to be collecting could be even more valuable to identity thieves than the names, addresses, and credit card numbers now targeted by hackers, according to privacy advocates and legal experts. 
And just how good is Facebook's technology? According to the company's research, DeepFace recognizes faces with an accuracy rate of 97.35 percent compared with 97.5 percent for humans — including mothers. 
Rotenberg said the privacy concerns are twofold: Facebook might sell the information to retailers or be forced to turn it over to law enforcement — in both cases without users knowing it. 
Now here's some history on Facebook and facial recognition. Facebook v. Privacy Law 
December 2005 — Facebook introduces photo tagging 
October 2008 — Illinois adopts Biometric Information Privacy Act 
June 2012 — Facebook acquires Israeli facial recognition developer Face.com 
September 2012 — Facebook ceases facial recognition in Europe 
2015-2016 — Facebook, Google, Shutterfly and Snapchat sued under Illinois biometrics law. Shutterfly settles confidentially. 
May 2016 — Illinois lawmaker proposes excluding photos from biometrics law, then shelves bill after privacy advocates complain 
October 2016 — Facebook makes second attempt to get biometrics lawsuit thrown out 
The Facebook case is In re Facebook Biometric Information Privacy Litigation, 15-cv-03747, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco). The Google cases are Rivera v. Google, 16-cv-02714, and Weiss v. Google, 16-cv-02870, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois (Chicago). 
For prior articles on the topic, see:
ARTICLE

at 1:10 pm 3 Comments 
WAR is a racket. It always has been. 
It is possibly the oldest, easily the most profitable, surely the most vicious. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives. 
A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of the people. Only a small 'inside' group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few, at the expense of the very many. Out of war a few people make huge fortunes. 
– From Major General Smedley Butler's War is a Rackett 
Former Congressman Dennis Kucinich has just penned an extremely powerful warning about the warmongers in Washington D.C. Who funds them, what their motives are, and why it is imperative for the American people to stop them. 
The piece was published at The Nation and is titled: Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors . 
Read it and share it with everyone you know. 
W ashington, DC, may be the only place in the world where people openly flaunt their pseudo-intellectuality by banding together, declaring themselves 'think tanks,' and raising money from external interests, including foreign governments, to compile reports that advance policies inimical to the real-life concerns of the American people. 
As a former member of the House of Representatives, I remember 16 years of congressional hearings where pedigreed experts came to advocate wars in testimony based on circular, rococo thinking devoid of depth, reality, and truth. I remember other hearings where the Pentagon was unable to reconcile over $1 trillion in accounts, lost track of $12 billion in cash sent to Iraq, and rigged a missile-defense test so that an interceptor could easily home in on a target. War is first and foremost a profitable racket. 
How else to explain that in the past 15 years this city's so called bipartisan foreign policy elite has promoted wars in Iraq and Libya, and interventions in Syria and Yemen, which have opened Pandora's box to a trusting world, to the tune of trillions of dollars, a windfall for military contractors. DC's think 'tanks' should rightly be included in the taxonomy of armored war vehicles and not as gathering places for refugees from academia. 
According to the front page of this past Friday's Washington Post, the bipartisan foreign-policy elite recommends the next president show less restraint than President Obama. Acting at the urging of 'liberal' hawks brandishing humanitarian intervention, read war, the Obama administration attacked Libya along with allied powers working through NATO. 
Indeed, I warned about this in last week's piece: U.S. Foreign Policy 'Elite' Eagerly Await an Expansion of Overseas Wars Under Hillary Clinton . 
The think tankers fell in line with the Iraq invasion. Not being in the tank, I did my own analysis of the call for war in October of 2002, based on readily accessible information, and easily concluded that there was no justification for war. I distributed it widely in Congress and led 125 Democrats in voting against the Iraq war resolution. There was no money to be made from a conclusion that war was uncalled for, so, against millions protesting in the United States and worldwide, our government launched into an abyss, with a lot of armchair generals waving combat pennants. The marching band and chowder society of DC think tanks learned nothing from the Iraq and Libya experience. 
The only winners were arms dealers, oil companies, and jihadists. Immediately after the fall of Libya, the black flag of Al Qaeda was raised over a municipal building in Benghazi, Gadhafi's murder was soon to follow, with Secretary Clinton quipping with a laugh, 'We came, we saw, he died.' President Obama apparently learned from this misadventure, but not the Washington policy establishment, which is spoiling for more war. 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America's current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on 'mission accomplished.' CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
The Brookings Institute has taken tens of millions from foreign governments , notably Qatar, a key player in the military campaign to oust Assad. Retired four-star Marine general John Allen is now a Brookings senior fellow . Charles Lister is a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute , which has received funding from Saudi Arabia , the major financial force providing billions in arms to upend Assad and install a Sunni caliphate stretching across Iraq and Syria. Foreign-government money is driving our foreign policy. 
As the drumbeat for an expanded war gets louder, Allen and Lister jointly signed an op-ed in the Sunday Washington Post, calling for an attack on Syria. The Brookings Institute, in a report to Congress , admitted it received $250,000 from the US Central Command, Centcom, where General Allen shared leadership duties with General David Petraeus. Pentagon money to think tanks that endorse war? This is academic integrity, DC-style. 
And why is Central Command, as well as the Food and Drug Administration, the US Department of transportation, and the US Department of Health and Human Services giving money to Brookings? 
Former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, who famously told Colin Powell , 'What's the point of having this superb military you're always talking about if we can't use it,' predictably says of this current moment , 'We do think there needs to be more American action.' A former Bush administration top adviser is also calling for the United States to launch a cruise missile attack on Syria. 
The American people are fed up with war, but a concerted effort is being made through fearmongering, propaganda, and lies to prepare our country for a dangerous confrontation, with Russia in Syria. 
The demonization of Russia is a calculated plan to resurrect a raison d'être for stone-cold warriors trying to escape from the dustbin of history by evoking the specter of Russian world domination. 
It's infectious. Earlier this year the BBC broadcast a fictional show that contemplated WWIII, beginning with a Russian invasion of Latvia (where 26 percent of the population is ethnic Russian and 34 percent of Latvians speak Russian at home). 
The imaginary WWIII scenario conjures Russia's targeting London for a nuclear strike. No wonder that by the summer of 2016 a poll showed two-thirds of UK citizens approved the new British PM's launching a nuclear strike in retaliation. So much for learning the lessons detailed in the Chilcot report. 
As this year's presidential election comes to a conclusion, the Washington ideologues are regurgitating the same bipartisan consensus that has kept America at war since 9/11 and made the world a decidedly more dangerous place. 
The DC think tanks provide cover for the political establishment, a political safety net, with a fictive analytical framework providing a moral rationale for intervention, capitol casuistry. I'm fed up with the DC policy elite who cash in on war while presenting themselves as experts, at the cost of other people's lives, our national fortune, and the sacred honor of our country. 
Any report advocating war that comes from any alleged think tank ought to be accompanied by a list of the think tank's sponsors and donors and a statement of the lobbying connections of the report's authors. 
It is our patriotic duty to expose why the DC foreign-policy establishment and its sponsors have not learned from their failures and instead are repeating them, with the acquiescence of the political class and sleepwalkers with press passes. 
It is also time for a new peace movement in America, one that includes progressives and libertarians alike, both in and out of Congress, to organize on campuses, in cities, and towns across America, to serve as an effective counterbalance to the Demuplican war party, its think tanks, and its media cheerleaders. The work begins now, not after the Inauguration. We must not accept war as inevitable, and those leaders who would lead us in that direction, whether in Congress or the White House, must face visible opposition. 
Thank you Mr. Kucinich, I couldn't agree more. 
For related articles, see:
ARTICLE

at 10:41 am 2 Comments 
On Monday, The Daily Beast published a hugely important story about AT&T's in house, for profit surveillance operation called Project Hemisphere. The program has nothing to do with information sharing legally required under a warrant, but rather consists of a business line through which the telecom giant stores customer data longer than peers in order to turn around and sell it to government agencies (no warrant required). This allows law enforcement to use secret and never disclosed evidence to build a cases against citizens via a shady and unaccountable practice known as parallel construction. 
The article is titled, AT&T Is Spying on Americans for Profit, New Documents Reveal , and is a must read. 
Here are some key excerpts: 
In 2013, Hemisphere was revealed by The New York Times and described only within a Powerpoint presentation made by the Drug Enforcement Administration . The Times described it as a 'partnership' between AT&T and the U.S. government; the Justice Department said it was an essential, and prudently deployed, counter-narcotics tool. 
However, AT&T's own documentation—reported here by The Daily Beast for the first time—shows Hemisphere was used far beyond the war on drugs to include everything from investigations of homicide to Medicaid fraud. 
Hemisphere isn't a 'partnership' but rather a product AT&T developed, marketed, and sold at a cost of millions of dollars per year to taxpayers. No warrant is required to make use of the company's massive trove of data, according to AT&T documents, only a promise from law enforcement to not disclose Hemisphere if an investigation using it becomes public. 
These new revelations come as the company seeks to acquire Time Warner in the face of vocal opposition saying the deal would be bad for consumers . Donald Trump told supporters over the weekend he would kill the acquisition if he's elected president; Hillary Clinton has urged regulators to scrutinize the deal. 
The fact that this deal is even being considered shows what a giant joke this county has become. 
As I noted on Twitter earlier this week: Why don't we just merge the entire S&P 500 into one company called Oligarchy Inc. and get it over with. 
— Michael Krieger (@LibertyBlitz) October 24, 2016 
While telecommunications companies are legally obligated to hand over records, AT&T appears to have gone much further to make the enterprise profitable, according to ACLU technology policy analyst Christopher Soghoian. 
AT&T has a unique power to extract information from its metadata because it retains so much of it. The company owns more than three-quarters of U.S. landline switches, and the second largest share of the nation's wireless infrastructure and cellphone towers, behind Verizon. AT&T retains its cell tower data going back to July 2008, longer than other providers. Verizon holds records for a year and Sprint for 18 months, according to a 2011 retention schedule obtained by The Daily Beast. 
The disclosure of Hemisphere was not the first time AT&T has been caught working with law enforcement above and beyond what the law requires. 
A statement of work from 2014 shows how hush-hush AT&T wants to keep Hemisphere. 
'The Government agency agrees not to use the data as evidence in any judicial or administrative proceedings unless there is no other available and admissible probative evidence,' it says. 
But those charged with a crime are entitled to know the evidence against them come trial. Adam Schwartz, staff attorney for activist group Electronic Frontier Foundation, said that means AT&T leaves investigators no choice but to construct a false investigative narrative to hide how they use Hemisphere if they plan to prosecute anyone. 
Once AT&T provides a lead through Hemisphere, then investigators use routine police work, like getting a court order for a wiretap or following a suspect around, to provide the same evidence for the purpose of prosecution. This is known as 'parallel construction.' 
Parallel construction is a pernicious side effect of all this spying. It's a very important topic I covered last year in the post, How the DEA Uses 'Parallel Construction' to Hide Unconstitutional Investigations . 
'This document here is striking,' Schwartz told The Daily Beast. 'I've seen documents produced by the government regarding Hemisphere, but this is the first time I've seen an AT&T document which requires parallel construction in a service to government. It's very troubling and not the way law enforcement should work in this country.' 
The federal government reimburses municipalities for the expense of Hemisphere through the same grant program that is blamed for police militarization by paying for military gear like Bearcat vehicles. 
There's your government again. Tirelessly working against you from behind the scenes. 
'At a minimum there is a very serious question whether they should be doing it without a warrant. A benefit to the parallel construction is they never have to face that crucible. Then the judge, the defendant, the general public, the media, and elected officials never know that AT&T and police across America funded by the White House are using the world's largest metadata database to surveil people,' Schwartz said. 
Sheriff and police departments pay from $100,000 to upward of $1 million a year or more for Hemisphere access. Harris County, Texas, home to Houston, made its inaugural payment to AT&T of $77,924 in 2007, according to a contract reviewed by The Daily Beast. Four years later, the county's Hemisphere bill had increased more than tenfold to $940,000. 
AT&T documents state law enforcement doesn't need a search warrant to use Hemisphere, just an administrative subpoena, which does not require probable cause . The DEA was granted administrative subpoena power in 1970. 
Just another reason to end the failed war on drugs and close down the DEA. Recall, unconstitutional surveillance was actually pioneered by the DEA a decade before the 9/11 attacks. See: How NSA Surveillance Was Birthed from the Drug War – The DEA Tracked Billions of Phone Calls Pre 9/11 . 
AT&T stores details for every call, text message, Skype chat, or other communication that has passed through its infrastructure, retaining many records dating back to 1987, according to the Times 2013 Hemisphere report. The scope and length of the collection has accumulated trillions of records and is believed to be larger than any phone record database collected by the NSA under the Patriot Act, the Times reported. 
This summer, I switched my cellphone service away from AT&T and was able to reduce my monthly bill by nearly 50%. You should consider doing the same. 
In Liberty,
ARTICLE

at 1:43 pm 3 Comments 
By now, everyone on planet earth has heard about the bombshell news just announced by the FBI that it was re-opening its investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server. Here's the text of FBI head James Comey's letter to Congressional leaders. 
Obviously, lots of people are out there pontificating on what, if anything, this means. As such, I'm going to add my two cents to the conversation. 
I've prided myself on unemotionally calling this election how I see it the whole time, because I'm neither a Hillary Clinton nor Donald Trump supporter. Being free of the tremendous baggage that comes with cheerleading a particular candidate in this contentious election, I had consistently predicted a Trump victory until the Access Hollywood tape emerged. At that point I penned a thought-piece titled, Donald Trump is in Trouble – Part 2 , in which I changed my forecast to a Hillary Clinton victory. 
Here's some of what I wrote: 
After watching yesterday's audio and reading through the Wikileaks revelations, my prediction has changed for the first time this election. All things equal from here on out (meaning no additional huge revelations against Hillary), I think Hillary Clinton will defeat Donald Trump. I don't think it's going to be a landslide, but I think she's probably going to win. The audio was very harmful for Donald Trump, and now I'm going to explain why. 
First of all, if you want to accurately forecast the outcome of this election you need to get into the minds of the masses. Just like trading financial markets, what you think is right doesn't matter. What matters is what everyone else collectively thinks, and whether or not they're going to get off their asses and vote. A big part of why I thought Trump would win related to the fact that I believe many people were simply looking for an excuse to vote for him. Justified disgust with the status quo in general, and Hillary Clinton in particular, pushed millions of Americans into the camp of being willing to take a gamble on Trump despite disliking him personally and disagreeing with him on many issues. I felt strongly that there were millions upon millions of Americans you could place into this category — people who were 'flirting with the idea of voting Trump.' I believe a significant amount of these people will not vote for him as a result of the audio. Will it be the majority of them? Probably not, but it will be a material number and arguably enough to swing the election. No, I don't think these voters will shift to Hillary, and no, I don't think committed Trump voters will change their minds. However, I do think enough of these willing to be convinced, leaning-Trump types will now stay home or vote third party. It's these voters who I expected to swing the election in Trump's favor, and they are now unreliable. 
Does Trump's vulgarity excuse the incalculable crimes of Hillary Clinton and her husband, making them preferable in this election? No it doesn't, but that's not the point of this article. Most voters are too superficial, too busy trying to survive and too uninformed to weigh all the very important issues rationally. As an example, think about how most conversations are going to go down this weekend. Let's say you're out with a bunch of friends for drinks tonight. Someone says, 'so have you seen the Trump audio?' If someone in the group hasn't, someone will pull out their phone and it'll be watched in 3 minutes. What if someone then says, 'yeah, but have you seen the leaked Hillary emails?' What will your response be? You can't adequately explain the importance of that to your friends in 3 minutes. Instead, you'll have to send them a lengthy article that they'll never read. So by the end of this weekend, pretty much everyone in America will have heard the Trump audio, while maybe 10% will take the time to analyze what came out of Wikileaks. There goes your election. 
Understanding the craziness of the election, I finished the piece with the following. 
Despite all of that, I still can't say with certainty that Hillary will win. However, I do think the landscape has changed enough, that for the first time this entire election season, I am no longer confident of a Trump victory. Then again, I was absolutely convinced that Hillary was unelectable after she collapsed on 9/11 and mislead everyone about her health, and I was wrong about that. That's how completely crazy this election is, and there's still a month to go. Anything can happen, particularly with the debate coming up this Sunday. So while it's certainly not out of the question, there will have to be some very material events over the next month to put Trump back in the driver's seat. 
While the Wikileaks emails have been an important factor in keeping this race close, I didn't think they were sufficient to alter my forecast of a Clinton victory. I think the reopening of the FBI investigation is enough of a black swan to materially change the course of this race. 
Clinton supporters will read this and think I'm insane. They will think this because they are anticipating a landslide victory for Hillary. I never expected a landslide, so I think this news tips the election into a total tossup situation. My reasoning for the change is the same that led me to switch my forecast to Hillary after the Access Hollywood video was released. The primary reason I initially thought Trump would win related to the fact I believed enough people would be willing to vote for a person they don't really like in order to blow up the status quo. I felt that the video recording of Trump's vulgar commentary was enough to put those people into the absentee or third party column, despite millions of Americans looking for an excuse to vote for Trump due to the well understood awfulness of Hillary. This has changed, and voters now have the excuse they needed to vote Trump. 
That reason is simple. The problems with Hillary Clinton will never go away. They will always resurface or new problems will emerge, and it has nothing to do with a 'vast rightwing conspiracy' (or Putin). It has to do with her. It has to do with the fact that her and her husband are career crooks, warmongers, and shameless looters of the American public. This re-opening of the FBI investigation just hammers all of that home for everyone. We know what 4 years of Hillary will look like. It'll be Obama cronyism on steroids, plus endless investigations with a side of World War 3. I don't think people want that, and so more Americans than the pundits realize will take a gamble on Trump. 
As a caveat, the above forecast assumes this new FBI investigation is not closed before November 8th. If it is, I think she'll win. If not, I think Trump has even odds to win, if not better. 
Of course, with 11 days left in this crazy election, many more black swans could emerge. Stay tuned. 
In Liberty,
ARTICLE

at 11:08 am 1 Comment 
The Podesta family seems particularly adept at earning extraordinary sums of money via selling out the American public. Earlier this year, I highlighted how John Podesta's brother Tony was paid $140,000 per month by the medieval monarchy of Saudi Arabia. After all, who cares about women's rights when the pay is good? 
Here's a excerpt from the post, 'Getting Things Done' – The Brother of Hillary Clinton's Campaign Chair is a Major Lobbyist for Saudi Arabia : The kingdom employs a total of eight American firms that perform lobbying, consulting, public relations and legal work. Five of the firms work for the Saudi Arabia Embassy, while another two — Podesta Group and BGR Group — have registered to represent the Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court, an arm of the government. PR giant Edelman, meanwhile, is working for the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority to encourage international investment. The Podesta Group is billing Saudi Arabia $140,000 a month for its public relations services. During the last few months of 2015, it sent 27 emails, had two phone calls and one meeting with lawmakers and staffers, journalists, and organizations including Human Rights Watch and the Center for American Progress, disclosure forms show. DLA Piper receives $50,000 a month from the kingdom and sent hundreds of emails to top congressional staffers between September and the end of February regarding meeting requests and, more generally, 'issues affecting U.S.-Saudi Arabia national security interests.' 
Notice the firm DLA Piper mentioned above. You'll want to remember that for later. 
Moving along, the Podestas are diligent about making sure everyone gets to feed at the trough, including extended family. 
As James Rosen of Fox News uncovers: 
Amid the tumult of the 2016 presidential campaign, John Podesta is best known as Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman and the individual from whose private account WikiLeaks is presently publishing some 50,000 hacked emails. 
For several months in 2012, Clinton's final year as secretary of state, Raytheon, the leading defense contractor, hired Podesta's sister-in-law, Heather Podesta, as a lobbyist, federal records show. 
Raytheon was looking to enlarge its share of foreign military sales – transfers of advanced weapons systems to other countries that are reviewed and approved by the Department of State, then implemented by the Department of Defense – and was beefing up its lobbying operation to accomplish that goal before Secretary Clinton left office. 
At the same time, Raytheon retained two other lobbyists, John Merrigan and Matt Bernstein, both associated with the powerhouse D.C. law firm DLA Piper. All three of these lobbyists, including Ms. Podesta, were major donors or bundlers to Hillary Clinton's 2008 and 2016 campaigns. Federal records show they have raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for Clinton's campaigns and earned hundreds of thousands of dollars lobbying her State Department. 
There's DLA Piper again. They appears to have their fingers in all realms of the military-industrial complex cookie jar. 
In the final three quarters of 2012, DLA Piper earned some $360,000 in lobbying fees from Raytheon, courting the State Department and other agencies, while Ms. Podesta, within that same time frame, received $100,000 from Raytheon for the same purpose. 
The gambit appears to have worked: Records maintained by the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, the arm of the Defense Department that coordinates the transfers of weapons systems once they have received State's approval, show Raytheon as a prime contractor in at least seventeen foreign military sales in 2012, worth an estimated total of $26 billion. Of those contracts, three with the Gulf nation of Qatar – for missile defense, Apache attack helicopters and other materiel – accounted for $19 billion. 
The individual at the State Department who was statutorily entrusted to approve foreign military sales was Andrew Shapiro, the assistant secretary of state for political and military affairs. Prior to his nomination to that job, Shapiro had served as Clinton's national security adviser in her Senate office. Today, Shapiro is a partner in a Washington consulting firm whose other co-founders include Philippe Reines, Clinton's longtime press aide. 
You starting to see how all this works? 
The firm mentioned above is Beacon Global Strategies, and I covered them in this summer's post: New York Times Fails to Disclose Op-Ed Writer's Ties to Hillary Clinton's 'Principal Gatekeeper' . 
After Clinton stepped down as secretary of state in February 2013, Raytheon discontinued the services of Heather Podesta + Partners, and ceased its use of DLA Piper at State. 
While experts do not believe any laws were broken, the affair illustrates how Washington worked in the first Obama term, and particularly at the Clinton State Department. The Raytheon operation bears some similarity to a pop-up store that materializes to serve a seasonal need, such as Halloween candy or July Fourth fireworks, then vanishes once that need has been met. 
Simply incredible. 
'I think this is as close an example of pay-to-play as we've seen,' said Raj Shah, deputy communications director at the Republican National Committee. 'And that's why [Raytheon] made these hires [of Heather Podesta, Merrigan and Bernstein]. … Their experience was getting access to Hillary Clinton and raising money for her.' 
But hey…
ARTICLE

Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
ARTICLE

at 3:47 pm Leave a comment 
Today's college-related article is not about safe spaces, macro aggressions and trigger warnings. Rather, it's about a remarkably stupid claim made by Robin Lakoff (a professor of linguistics at the University of California, Berkeley), that the entire email scandal plaguing Hillary Clinton is a nothing more than a vast patriarchal driven conspiracy manufactured by men for the sole purpose of taking down a strong and powerful woman. No, I'm not kidding. 
  delusional Time published article, Hillary Clinton's Emailgate Is an Attack on Women : 
'It's not about emails; it's about public communication by a woman' 
I am mad. I am mad because I am scared. And if you are a woman, you should be, too. Emailgate is a bitch hunt, but the target is not Hillary Clinton. It's us. 
The only reason the whole email flap has legs is because the candidate is female. Can you imagine this happening to a man? Clinton is guilty of SWF (Speaking While Female), and emailgate is just a reminder to us all that she has no business doing what she's doing and must be punished, for the sake of all decent women everywhere. There is so much of that going around. 
If the candidate were male, there would be no scolding and no 'scandal.' Those very ideas would be absurd. Men have a nearly absolute right to freedom of speech. In theory, so do women, but that, as the creationists like to say, is only a theory. 
Clinton's use of a personal server has not been found to be a crime. Then how is it that so many have found the charge so easy to make, and make stick? How has her use of the server made plausible all the claims that she is 'deceptive' and 'untrustworthy'? 
It's not about emails; it's about public communication by a woman in general. Of course, in the year 2016, no one (probably not even The Donald) could make this argument explicitly. After all, he and his fellow Republicans are not waging a war on women. How do we know that? They have said so. And they're men, so they must be telling the truth. 
But here's Hillary Rodham Clinton, the very public stand-in for all bossy, uppity and ambitious women. Here are her emails. And since it's a woman, doing what decent women should never do—engaging in high-level public communication—well, there must be something wrong with that, even if we can't quite find that something. We will invoke the terminology of criminal law to account for our feelings. She's getting away with treason! Put her in jail! We can't quite put our fingers on it, but the words sure do make a lot of people feel better, so they must be right. 
So that's the take of Berkley linguistics professor Robin Lakoff. Now here's the take from Charles S. Faddis, a former CIA operations officer with 20 years of experience in intelligence operations. 
As Mr. Faddis writes   I have worked in national security my entire life. Most of that has been in the intelligence community surrounded by   For twenty years, I worked undercover in the Central Intelligence Agency, recruiting sources, producing intelligence and running operations. I have a pretty concrete understanding of how classified information is handled and how government communications systems work. Nobody uses a private email server for official business. Period. Full stop. 
The entire notion is, to borrow a phrase from a Clinton campaign official, 'insane.' That anyone would presume to be allowed to do so is mind-boggling. That government officials allowed Hillary Clinton to do so is nauseating. Classified and unclassified information do not mix. They don't travel in the same streams through the same pipes. They move in clearly well defined channels so that never the twain shall meet. Mixing them together is unheard of and a major criminal offense. If you end up with classified information in an unclassified channel, you have done something very wrong and very serious. Accidentally removing a single classified message from controlled spaces, without any evidence of intent or exposure to hostile forces, can get you fired and cost you your clearance. Repeated instances will land you in prison. Every hostile intelligence agency on the planet targets senior American officials for collection. The Secretary of State tops the list. Almost anything the Secretary of State had to say about her official duties, her schedule, her mood, her plans for the weekend, would be prized information to adversaries. It is very difficult, in fact, to think of much of anything that the Secretary of State could be saying in email that we would want hostile forces to know. As we wait for more information on the latest revelations, let's quickly note what we already know Hillary Clinton did. While Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton exclusively used a private email address for official business. Instead of using a State Department account, she used a personal email account, housed on a private server located in her home in Chappaqua, New York. The Department of State exercised zero control or oversight in this process. No government security personnel were involved in protecting them. When the House Select Committee on Benghazi asked to see these emails, the Department of State said they did not have them. Clinton's lawyers then went through all the emails on her server. They turned over 30,000 emails they decided were work related and deleted all of the rest. How they made the decision as to which emails to share and which to destroy remains unknown. Active government officials were not involved in this process. Hillary says she did not use the account to transmit   This has been proven false. The FBI found over 100 messages that contained information that was classified when sent, including numerous email chains at the level of Top Secret/Special Access Programs. They don't get any more highly classified, it's the virtual summit of Mt. Everest. One theme pertained to the movement of North Korean nuclear assets obtained via satellite imagery . It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out this is extremely sensitive information. The FBI found another 2,000 messages containing information that should have been classified at the time it was sent. How much more classified information may have been in the tens of thousands of emails, which Clinton's lawyers erased, is completely unknown. Hillary Clinton supporters like to ask rhetorically, 'Well, what about Colin Powell?' Nice try , but using your own private email address which received 2 emails determined to be classified later, is nothing like deliberately operating a home brewed server, and then see it handle thousands of classified e-mails. 
What happens next we do not know. What we do know already is this. While serving in one of the most senior positions in the United States Government, Hillary Clinton was at a minimum, grossly negligent in the handling of classified information and when confronted with this practice, acted immediately to destroy information and prevent a full, fair and complete investigation of any damage to national security. Anyone else who did such things in the government would long ago have been tried, convicted and sent to jail. You decide if you want to send her to the White House instead. 
I'll let readers decide who has a better read on the situation. In the meantime, back to your safe spaces my little snowflakes. In Liberty,
ARTICLE

at 1:27 pm 2 Comments 
Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal published a fascinating and troubling article detailing how aggressively the Department of Injustice moved to stymie efforts of FBI agents who wanted to investigate pay-to-play criminality with regard to the Clinton Foundation. 
Of course, none of this should come as a surprise. The Justice Department under President Obama never met a powerful person it cared to prosecute. Indeed, under Eric Holder's crony reign (same now with Loretta Lynch), it's been apparent for a very long time that senior leadership at the DOJ see the institution's primary role to be the coddling and protection of oligarch criminals, especially those in the financial sector (see: Must Watch Video – 'The Veneer of Justice in a Kingdom of Crime' ). 
The death of the rule of law in America, otherwise known as the two-tier justice system, has been a key topic of mine since the very beginning. In fact, I think it is the number one cancer plaguing our society at this time. As I warned in the 2014 post, New Report – The United States' Sharp Drop in Economic Freedom Since 2000 Driven by 'Decline in Rule of Law' : 
In my opinion, the U.S. is living on borrowed time. The entrepreneurial spirit is still very much alive, and a lot of innovative things are happening in the tech area, but other than that, the U.S. economy looks very much like a third word oligarchy. From my perspective, we need to reinstate the rule of law at once. The bad actors amongst the rich and powerful will continue to feast relentlessly on the productive parts of the economy so long as they they are never held accountable for their crimes. Simply put: The rule of law must be restored immediately. 
When it comes to the restoration of the rule of law, there is simply no time to waste. 
The rule of law has not been restored, a realization that is consistently reenforced by the lengths to which the Department of Justice goes to protect the powerful. Yesterday's WSJ article gives us an additional glimpse into how that happens behind the scenes. 
  article, FBI in Internal Feud Over Hillary Clinton Probe : 
The surprise disclosure that agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation are taking a new look at Hillary Clinton's email use lays bare, just days before the election, tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
The new investigative effort, disclosed by FBI Director James Comey on Friday, shows a bureau at times in sharp internal disagreement over matters related to the Clintons, and how to handle those matters fairly and carefully in the middle of a national election campaign. Even as the probe of Mrs. Clinton's email use wound down in July, internal disagreements within the bureau and the Justice Department surrounding the Clintons' family philanthropy heated up, according to people familiar with the matter. 
New details show that senior law-enforcement officials repeatedly voiced skepticism of the strength of the evidence in a bureau investigation of the Clinton Foundation, sought to condense what was at times a sprawling cross-country effort, and, according to some people familiar with the matter, told agents to limit their pursuit of the case. The probe of the foundation began more than a year ago to determine whether financial crimes or influence peddling occurred related to the charity. 
Some investigators grew frustrated, viewing FBI leadership as uninterested in probing the charity, these people said. Others involved disagreed sharply, defending FBI bosses and saying Mr. McCabe in particular was caught between an increasingly acrimonious fight for control between the Justice Department and FBI agents pursuing the Clinton Foundation case. 
Early this year, four FBI field offices—New York, Los Angeles, Washington and Little Rock, Ark.—were collecting information about the Clinton Foundation to see if there was evidence of financial crimes or influence-peddling, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Los Angeles agents had picked up information about the Clinton Foundation from an unrelated public-corruption case and had issued some subpoenas for bank records related to the foundation, these people said. 
The Washington field office was probing financial relationships involving Mr. McAuliffe before he became a Clinton Foundation board member, these people said. Mr. McAuliffe has denied any wrongdoing, and his lawyer has said the probe is focused on whether he failed to register as an agent of a foreign entity. 
In February, FBI officials made a presentation to the Justice Department, according to these people. By all accounts, the meeting didn't go well. 
Some said that is because the FBI didn't present compelling evidence to justify more aggressive pursuit of the Clinton Foundation, and that the career anticorruption prosecutors in the room simply believed it wasn't a very strong case. Others said that from the start, the Justice Department officials were stern, icy and dismissive of the case. 
'That was one of the weirdest meetings I've ever been to,' one participant told others afterward, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Anticorruption prosecutors at the Justice Department told the FBI at the meeting they wouldn't authorize more aggressive investigative techniques, such as subpoenas, formal witness interviews, or grand-jury activity. But the FBI officials believed they were well within their authority to pursue the leads and methods already under way, these people said. 
According to a person familiar with the probes, on Aug. 12, a senior Justice Department official called Mr. McCabe to voice his displeasure at finding that New York FBI agents were still openly pursuing the Clinton Foundation probe during the election season. Mr. McCabe said agents still had the authority to pursue the issue as long as they didn't use overt methods requiring Justice Department approvals. 
The Justice Department official was 'very pissed off,' according to one person close to Mr. McCabe, and pressed him to explain why the FBI was still chasing a matter the department considered dormant. Others said the Justice Department was simply trying to make sure FBI agents were following longstanding policy not to make overt investigative moves that could be seen as trying to influence an election. Those rules discourage investigators from making any such moves before a primary or general election, and, at a minimum, checking with anticorruption prosecutors before doing so. 
'Are you telling me that I need to shut down a validly predicated investigation?' Mr. McCabe asked, according to people familiar with the conversation. After a pause, the official replied, 'Of course not,' these people said. 
For Mr. McCabe's defenders, the exchange showed how he was stuck between an FBI office eager to pour more resources into a case and Justice Department prosecutors who didn't think much of the case, one person said. Those people said that following the call, Mr. McCabe reiterated past instructions to FBI agents that they were to keep pursuing the work within the authority they had. 
Others further down the FBI chain of command, however, said agents were given a much starker instruction on the case: 'Stand down.' When agents questioned why they weren't allowed to take more aggressive steps, they said they were told the order had come from the deputy director—Mr. McCabe. 
Others familiar with the matter deny Mr. McCabe or any other senior FBI official gave such a stand-down instruction. 
In September, agents on the foundation case asked to see the emails contained on nongovernment laptops that had been searched as part of the Clinton email case, but that request was rejected by prosecutors at the Eastern District of New York, in Brooklyn. Those emails were given to the FBI based on grants of partial immunity and limited-use agreements, meaning agents could only use them for the purpose of investigating possible mishandling of   
Some FBI agents were dissatisfied with that answer, and asked for permission to make a similar request to federal prosecutors in Manhattan, according to people familiar with the matter. Mr. McCabe, these people said, told them no and added that they couldn't 'go prosecutor-shopping.' 
The above revelations, in conjunction with the email server probe being reopened by the FBI, is why I now think Donald Trump has a very good chance of winning the Presidency. As I noted in Friday's post, Another Black Swan Hits the U.S. Presidential Election : 
The problems with Hillary Clinton will never go away. They will always resurface or new problems will emerge, and it has nothing to do with a 'vast rightwing conspiracy' (or Putin). It has to do with her. It has to do with the fact that her and her husband are career crooks, warmongers, and shameless looters of the American public. This re-opening of the FBI investigation just hammers all of that home for everyone. We know what 4 years of Hillary will look like. It'll be Obama cronyism on steroids, plus endless investigations with a side of World War 3. I don't think people want that, and so more Americans than the pundits realize will take a gamble on Trump. 
It's not just me saying it. Even longtime Clinton supporter Doug Schoen is revisiting whether he can continue to support Clinton. As he wrote   There will be no goodwill or honeymoon period for Clinton. Her first 100-days agenda will take a backseat to partisan divisions and polarization with little chance of constructive legislative action occurring. We have seen that a hyper-partisan, gridlocked Washington is bad for the country. There is no reason to believe that Clinton's tenure will be anything but more of the same in this way and, most likely, a lot worse. Further, Russian President Vladimir Putin said (tongue-in-cheek) that we are not a banana republic.‎ I greatly fear we could become one if Secretary Clinton is elected president. Our national security will continue to be jeopardized by ongoing investigations by the FBI, and potentially the Justice Department and Congress, putting us at immediate risk of more assertive actions in Europe, Middle East and Asia by the Russians and Chinese. Moreover, we simply cannot face a situation where the president elect may need or want a pardon from the president to govern. Or worse yet, need to pardon herself after she takes office. As of now, I have no confidence that either of those questions will be answered by Election Day or that we will have full clarity on an investigation into what could be as many as 650,000 emails that found their way to Weiner and Abedin's computer. However, in good conscience, and as a Democrat, I am actively doubting whether I can vote for the Secretary of State. I also want to make clear that I cannot vote for Donald Trump as his world view and mine are very different. For more on the Clinton Foundation, see:
ARTICLE

at 2:52 pm 2 Comments 
For a long time now, I've felt that no matter who wins this election, the U.S. is in for extremely difficult times over at least the next 4 years. The reason is twofold. First, when you combine Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders supporters (the latter didn't just disappear), a majority of the population is in full on revolt against the status quo. This mood isn't going anywhere. Combine this backdrop with the very high likelihood of an economic downturn, and you have a recipe for mayhem. This isn't even taking into account the possible end to a multi-decade secular bull market in sovereign bonds, the ramifications of which represent a financial extinction-level event for much of the Western world. 
When I look at the financial markets and note that they appear totally unwilling to even flirt with the very real possibility of a Trump victory, I conclude that the current status quo assumption is not only that Hillary will win, but that after she wins, the social mood will get better. I, on the other hand, think it will get far, far worse, as disgusted Trump and Sanders supporters push back relentlessly from day one. As I noted earlier today on Twitter: Sorry but if Clinton wins country becomes completely ungovernable. I don't mean gridlock. I mean total madness. 
— Michael Krieger (@LibertyBlitz) November 1, 2016 
Of course, I'm not the only one. Michael Brendan Dougherty wrote an excellent piece earlier today published at The Week titled, The Clinton Presidency is Going to be a Miserable Slog , which is my must read of the day. 
Here it is: Being on the cusp of electing the first woman president, and defeating a snarling, newly crass, and nationalist Republican Party should feel energizing for the American left. But it's been tiring. The Democrats aren't just electing a woman. They're stuck electing this woman, Hillary Clinton. It's been a slog . Clinton could not easily put away her socialist challenger Bernie Sanders. She would not release the transcripts of the paid speeches she gave to Wall Street banks. She could not name her accomplishments as secretary of state. She could not quite escape her own role in managing the political fallout from her husband's affairs, or the appearance of corruption in the Clinton Foundation's pioneering work in the field of do-gooder graft. When FBI Director James Comey gave us a healthy reminder of Clinton's email scandal last week, liberals must have realized: It's not just the campaign. The Clinton presidency is going to be a slog , too. The Clinton standard of political behavior has always had a lawyerly slipperiness to it. When the scandals come, it depends on your definition of 'is.' When the headlines erupt, suddenly we discover that all of Clinton's friends signed an affidavit contradicting the latest accuser or whistleblower. And, really, what difference, at this point, does it make? Partisans will note that Clinton's ethical lapses and faults are minor compared to Donald Trump's. Those comparisons are not going to matter in a few days. Some may object. They'll reply that the only problem is the aggressive prosecutorial zeal of the Republicans. And it is true that Republicans have an ongoing grudge against Clinton. But let's posit the existence of a vast right wing conspiracy that hates President Obama just as much as it hates the Clintons. Why is it only able to turn up news-driving scandals on the latter? Could it be that Obama, however detested by conservatives, conducts himself with higher ethical standards than Bill and Hillary? Clinton's scandals and misdeeds often have little to do with the Democrats' battle with Republicans. Clinton played fast and loose even with the Obama administration's own rules. Obama had forbidden Clinton from giving a government job to the Clinton's on-demand schemer Sidney Blumenthal — yet Clinton kept him on the payroll of her 'charity' and kept up correspondence with him about Libya, even as he had business interests in a post-Gadhafi state. Despite explicit rules set by the Obama administration, the Clinton Foundation continued to operate as a bank in which foreign leaders and governments could deposit their quids, while Clinton was at the head of the State Department, able to distribute pro quos in return. Beyond the propensity to generate scandal, there is a larger reason that Clinton's administration will be a slog. The 2016 election has been characterized by a demand for great change. And Hillary Clinton has run as the defender of the way things are, the way they're going, and who they're going for. Hillary Clinton received a vigorous challenge from a left wing that isn't afraid to label themselves socialists. America's center-right party ditched its commitments to establishment doctrine on free trade and liberalized immigration, and challenged the wisdom and justice of America's post-Cold War political order. But Hillary Clinton will enter the White House as the caretaker for the status quo in American political life. Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders were not the men to carry forward this message of discontent to real political triumph. Both candidates represented their cause poorly. Trump was at once too crude and unethical himself. And Sanders had none of the political instincts and savvy to really go after Clinton in the primaries. Clinton is the face of a prosperous, grasping establishment that won't bear challenge from the left or right. Her ability to survive scandal after scandal will not be received as some testament to her political canniness or some deep integrity. It will be received as just the system defending its own from attack. Her survival and her ability to win is a a tribute to the power and self-regard of our political class. And this class has no plausible solution for the nation's foreign policy, for its immigration system, or for an economic system that abets the elite's secession from their own nation. Clinton's presidency will be a slog because she is exactly like the system she defends. She can point to the great wealth this system produces for its top clients. But neither she nor her cheerleaders can really claim that it looks like wisdom or justice to anyone else. Well done, Mr. Dougherty.
ARTICLE

at 9:45 am Leave a comment 
Last Friday, I published a post titled, John Podesta's Sister-in-Law Lobbied For Raytheon While Hillary Was Secretary of State , which understandably got totally buried in the madness surrounding the latest FBI news. Here's the first paragraph of that post: 
The Podesta family seems particularly adept at earning extraordinary sums of money via selling out the American public. Earlier this year, I highlighted how John Podesta's brother Tony was paid $140,000 per month by the medieval monarchy of Saudi Arabia. After all, who cares about women's rights when the pay is good? 
Indeed, it's not just relatives of Podesta who know how to rake in the cash. John is no slouch either, as Politico explained in an article published earlier today. 
Here are a few excerpts: 
Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, last year signed a $7,000-a-month contract with the foundation of a major Clinton donor who made a fortune selling a type of mortgage that some critics say contributed to the housing collapse, hacked emails show. 
In February of last year, as Podesta was working to lay the groundwork for Clinton's soon-to-launch campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination, he signed the contract with the Sandler Foundation, which was started by Herb Sandler and his late wife Marion Sandler. 
The contract — a copy of which was included in emails illegally obtained from Podesta's Gmail account and disseminated Monday by WikiLeaks — is still active, according to Herb Sandler, who said that it calls for Podesta to provide advice on grant-making and other foundation functions. 
It's unusual for the full-time chairman of a general-election presidential campaign to maintain an active side deal with a major donor to that campaign — let alone to raise money from that donor for the campaign. 
The WikiLeaks cache shows that Podesta provided Sandler with philanthropic advice and assortments of cheeses and pastas as gifts on the holidays, while Sandler offered all manner of political observations and once tried to get Podesta to arrange for former President Bill Clinton to write a blurb for a book written by one of Sandler's friends. 
Lobster risotto? 
But Sandler brushed aside any concerns about potential conflicts of interest. 
'I have never asked for anything of any political person — zero requests ever,' Sandler said. 'If they're responsive, it's because they regard me as thoughtful, and a major contributor to Democratic causes,' Sandler said, adding that Podesta 'knows that he doesn't get bullshit from me. He knows I have no hidden agenda. He knows that my values are similar to his and that we care about people and not the billionaires, even though I ended up by some crazy thing to be one.' 
Neither Podesta nor the Clinton campaign responded to questions about the contract. 
Herb Sandler's Clinton-related giving picked up last December after a visit from Podesta. 
The campaign's finance director Dennis Cheng responded ' Great!! ,' calling Podesta '#ChairmanCash.' 
'Chairman cash.' A new meme has just been born. 
The very next day, Sandler gave $1.5 million to Priorities USA Action, to which he has now given a total of $3 million, FEC records show. 
The family's fortune comes from the savings and loan institution that Herb and Marion Sandler ran for decades, a bank that became World Savings. It would end up making boatloads of cash from a type of adjustable rate mortgage that other lenders would later adopt, securitize and sell in a way that some have blamed for contributing to the housing bubble that burst in 2008. Not long before the burst and subsequent recession, the Sandlers sold the bank for $25.5 billion to Wachovia, earning $2.6 billion off the sale and donating most of their net worth to their foundation. Wachovia was later acquired by Wells Fargo. 
The Sandlers met Podesta when they helped seed the Center for American Progress, the think tank he started in 2003 as a sort of Democratic administration in exile during George W. Bush's presidency. Tax filings show that the Sandler Foundation has donated more than $37 million over the years to CAP, which worked to support President Barack Obama's administration but has always been seen as more aligned with Clinton. 
Center for American Progress…where have we heard that before? Oh yeah, in last week's post, Dennis Kucinich's Extraordinary Warning on D.C.'s Think Tank Warmongers , we learned: The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America's current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on 'mission accomplished.' CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
Remember peasants, war is ok if 'liberals' do it. Now back to Politico … 
The WikiLeaks emails reveal that Podesta and his team at the Center for American Progress discussed how to push back on scrutiny of the Sandlers related to the 2008 housing collapse. That included an October 2008 'Saturday Night Live' sketch in which an actor playing Herb Sandler thanked members of Congress 'for helping block congressional oversight of our corrupt activity.' 
Podesta wrote to his colleagues that he'd talked to Herb Sandler, and 'they are obviosly [sic] upset. Weird that snl should pick them out.' 
After doing some research, a subordinate replied that 'it appears default rates on their stuff was high (herb says not more so than others) and the losses were key to almsot wachovia failure — athough herb emphasizes that they were only one of the institutions problems.' 
Sandler told POLITICO that any suggestion that his bank's products contributed to the collapse were 'a bunch of bullshit,' pointing out that their bank used a risk-averse approach to their loans, which had among the lowest default rate in the industry. 
But Scott Walter, president of Capital Research Center, a conservative nonprofit that monitors the giving of major liberal donors including Sandler, argued that Podesta's newly revealed contractual relationship with Sandler stood in stark contrast to Clinton's efforts to cast herself as tough on the financial industry. 
'This is another instance where the Clinton campaign has been revealed to have surprising links to some of the most dubious parts of the finance industry,' Walter said. 
The Sandlers' philanthropy increasingly has focused on fighting financial inequality and the role of big money in politics — a subject about which Herb Sandler and Podesta emailed frequently, according to WikiLeaks. 
Interesting considering he is big money in politics, and seems to have no problem endlessly cheerleading the chosen candidate of America's oligarchs. 
Sandler explained to POLITICO that during the process of working to launch the center, he realized 'we had been picking his brain ad nauseum' for years without paying Podesta as a consultant — a scenario Sandler called 'very unfair.' That led to the consulting contract, which Sandler cast as 'a ripoff' for Podesta. 'I'd pay a lot more for that advice,' Sandler said, calling Podesta 'one the most intelligent, decent, thoughtful human beings I'd ever met.' 
In March, as Clinton's Democratic primary campaign against Bernie Sanders grew increasingly bitter, Sandler emailed Podesta just to check up. 
'How are you?' Sandler wrote . 'MIss you.' 
Call me crazy, but if he was really so focused on solving income inequality why wasn't he supporting Bernie Sanders? 
But hey.
ARTICLE

at 4:08 pm 1 Comment 
With the neither the racist nor the Putin-puppet label sticking to Trump, team Clinton and its lobotomized surrogates have regressed back to square one: playing the woman card . 
As I noted in a post earlier this week, a professor of linguistics at Berkeley just published an article at Time claiming (with zero evidence of course), that the Hillary Clinton email server scandal only exists because she is a woman. Here's a brief snippet of what she said: 
'It's not about emails; it's about public communication by a woman' 
I am mad. I am mad because I am scared. And if you are a woman, you should be, too. Emailgate is a bitch hunt, but the target is not Hillary Clinton. It's us. 
The only reason the whole email flap has legs is because the candidate is female. Can you imagine this happening to a man? Clinton is guilty of SWF (Speaking While Female), and emailgate is just a reminder to us all that she has no business doing what she's doing and must be punished, for the sake of all decent women everywhere. There is so much of that going around. 
It's not about emails; it's about public communication by a woman in general. Of course, in the year 2016, no one (probably not even The Donald) could make this argument explicitly. After all, he and his fellow Republicans are not waging a war on women. How do we know that? They have said so. And they're men, so they must be telling the truth. 
I know. It's really hard to believe the above is real, but it is. 
Moving along, President Obama himself is now getting in the mud. 
Here's what he had to say today in Ohio, according to NBC : 
COLUMBUS, Ohio — President Barack Obama said Tuesday that sexism is to blame for the tight race for the White House, telling an Ohio crowd that 'Hillary Clinton is consistently treated differently than just about any other candidate I see out there.' 
Obama went on: 'There's a reason we haven't had a woman president.' 
Speaking specifically to 'the guys out there,' Obama told them to 'look inside yourself and ask yourself, if you're having problems with this stuff how much of it is that we're just not used to it?' 
Yep, because the American public handily elected a black man twice, but somehow we all draw the line at a woman. Perhaps, just perhaps, the problem is with Hillary. 
Moving along, all this reminded me of a very prescient comment made by Glenn Greenwald a couple of years ago, which I highlighted in the post, Glenn Greenwald on the 2016 Elections – 'They'll Probably Have a Gay Person After Hillary' : 
Hillary is banal, corrupted, drained of vibrancy and passion. I mean, she's been around forever, the Clinton circle. She's a fucking hawk and like a neocon, practically. She's surrounded by all these sleazy money types who are just corrupting everything everywhere. But she's going to be the first female president, and women in America are going to be completely invested in her candidacy. Opposition to her is going to be depicted as misogynistic, like opposition to Obama has been depicted as racist. It's going to be this completely symbolic messaging that's going to overshadow the fact that she'll do nothing but continue everything in pursuit of her own power. They'll probably have a gay person after Hillary who's just going to do the same thing. 
Obama could've gone out on a high note, but he decided to go low. 
Sad!
ARTICLE

at 11:54 am 4 Comments 
When it comes to the Clintons, where there's smoke, there's usually a structure fire. I doubt Haiti is any different. 
With that in mind, I wanted to flag an article published earlier today at the BBC , What really happened with the Clintons in Haiti? 
Here are some excerpts: Donald Trump has said the work of Bill and Hillary Clinton in Haiti was a 'disgrace'. What really happened? 
'The Clinton family, they are crooks, they are thieves, they are liars,' says Haitian activist Dahoud Andre. 
He has been leading protests outside the Clinton Foundation headquarters in Manhattan and Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign base in Brooklyn for the last two years. 
He said protesters from his small activist group, the Committee to Mobilize Against Dictatorship in Haiti, will continue to level their allegations – so far all unproven – if the Democratic candidate wins the White House. 
Mrs Clinton retorted that she was proud of the foundation's work, and pointed out her rival's namesake charity had spent money on a lifesize portrait of himself. 
The Clintons' history with the world's first black republic dates back to their 1975 honeymoon, when they met a voodoo priest and visited a hotel where Ernest Hemingway once stayed. 
Mr Andre is not alone among his compatriots in blaming the once-and-perhaps-future first couple for a litany of ills in Haiti. 
Kim Ives, editor of Haiti Liberte newspaper, told the BBC: 'A lot of Haitians are not big fans of the Clintons, that's for sure.' 
'The fact the Clintons kind of took over things after the earthquake and did a pretty poor job of it translates to why the Haitians have a pretty dim view of them,' he added. 
So what happened? 
Mrs Clinton was Secretary of State and Mr Clinton was UN Special Envoy to Haiti when the January 2010 earthquake struck, killing an estimated 220,000 people. 
Some $13.3bn (£10.9bn) was pledged by international donors for Haiti's recovery. 
Mr Clinton was appointed co-chairman of the Interim Haiti Recovery Commission (IHRC), along with Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive. 
But the IHRC found itself under fire as frustrations mounted at the slow pace of recovery. 
Its mandate was not renewed by the Haitian parliament in 2011. 
How about this graphic… 
A US Government Accountability Office report discovered no hint of wrongdoing, but concluded the IHRC's decisions were 'not necessarily aligned with Haitian priorities'. 
The GAO must have a peculiar definition of 'wrongdoing.' 
Mr Clinton's own office at the UN found 9% of the foreign aid cash went to the Haitian government and 0.6% to local organizations. 
The bulk of it went to UN agencies, international aid groups, private contractors and donor countries' own civilian and military agencies. 
For example, the Pentagon billed the State Department hundreds of millions of dollars for sending US troops to hand out bottled water and keep order on the streets of Haiti's ravaged capital, Port-au-Prince. 
Jake Johnston, an analyst with the Center for Economic and Policy Research, a nonpartisan group that has studied the quake reconstruction, told the BBC 'it's hard to say it's been anything other than a failure'. 
But he believes the State Department and IHRC simply replicated the mistakes of the whole foreign aid industry by chasing short-term gains instead of building longer-term capacity on the ground. 
'They relied too much on outside actors,' Mr Johnston says, 'and supplanted the role of the Haitian government and domestic producers.' 
After the earthquake, disaster capitalists flocked to the nation of 10 million people, which is about the size of the US state of Massachusetts. 
Private contractors were eager to sell services, in what one US envoy described in a Wikileaks-disclosed diplomatic cable as a 'gold rush'. 
In email exchanges with top Clinton Foundation officials, a senior aide to Mrs Clinton, who was then-secretary of state, kept an eye out for those identified by the abbreviations 'FOB' (friends of Bill Clinton) or 'WJC VIPs' (William Jefferson Clinton VIPs). 
'Need you to flag when people are friends of WJC,' wrote Caitlin Klevorick, a senior State Department official who was vetting incoming offers of assistance coming through the Clinton Foundation. 
The emails, which were obtained through a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit by the Republican National Committee, have fuelled claims the Clintons were running a pay-to-play operation, though no hard evidence of this has emerged. 
House Republicans are already laying the groundwork for a volley of congressional hearings into the Clinton Foundation in the event the Democratic candidate wins the White House in a week's time. 
Possibly the most enduring criticism of the Clinton Foundation's work in Haiti stems from its signature project, a garment factory known as the Caracol Industrial Park. 
The foundation, working with the Clinton State Department, helped arrange a US-subsidised deal with the Haitian government to build the $300m factory complex in 2012. 
Several hundred farmers were evicted from their land to make way for the 600-acre manufacturing site, which produces clothes for retailers such as Old Navy, Walmart and Target. 
South Korean textile giant Sae-A Trading Co, which is the main employer at the facility, subsequently donated between $50,000 to $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation. 
Mr Clinton declared 100,000 jobs would be created 'in short order'. 
But the Caracol Industrial Park has created only 8,000 jobs. 
In the Little Haiti neighbourhood of Miami that was visited by Mr Trump this September, the head of a local women's advocacy group has questions for Mrs Clinton. 
Marleine Bastien, executive director of Fanm Ayisyen Nan Miyami, believes that Clinton-backed projects have helped global investors more than they have benefited poverty-stricken Haitians. 
She told the BBC: 'The more Secretary Clinton refrains from responding to the concerns and questions from the people of Haiti, this perception that she's trying to evade responding will continue. 
'Instead of allowing these questions to linger and fester, why not come clean? The questions will not go away, they will continue.' 
Come clean? This is the Clintons we're talking about. 
For more on the Clinton Foundation, see:
ARTICLE

at 11:11 am 5 Comments 
While most Americans were captivated by last night's World Series Game 7, some very, very big news broke. Normally, I'd summarize the news and provide my perspective before highlighting source text, but in this case I want to provide the information first. 
The real blockbuster came from Fox News' Bret Baier, who released some serious information courtesy of two sources at the FBI. Real Clear Politics summarized Bret's primary conclusions based on his conversations: 
1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. 
2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. 
3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton's secret server on Anthony Weiner's laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. 
4. Sources within the FBI have told him that an indictment is 'likely' in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, 'barring some obstruction in some way' from the Justice Department. 
5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton's server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information had been taken from it. 
Here's Bret Baier saying it in his own words: 
While Friday's bombshell alerted the American public to the reopening of Hillary Clinton's private email server probe, the Clinton Foundation investigation is a totally separate beast. It's now clear that Hillary Clinton, and much of her close circle, are subject to two very serious ongoing investigations. As I explained in the post, Another Black Swan Hits the U.S. Presidential Election , this is very material to the Presidential election for the following reason: 
The problems with Hillary Clinton will never go away. They will always resurface or new problems will emerge, and it has nothing to do with a 'vast rightwing conspiracy' (or Putin). It has to do with her. It has to do with the fact that her and her husband are career crooks, warmongers, and shameless looters of the American public. This re-opening of the FBI investigation just hammers all of that home for everyone. We know what 4 years of Hillary will look like. It'll be Obama cronyism on steroids, plus endless investigations with a side of World War 3. I don't think people want that, and so more Americans than the pundits realize will take a gamble on Trump. 
The latest revelations about the Clinton Foundation investigation just further hammers home the above point. 
Moreover, it's becoming increasingly clear that political appointees at the Injustice Department like Loretta Lynch and Peter Kadzik (John Podesta's close friend since the 1970s) have been trying to thwart probes into the dirtiness of the Clinton Foundation. I covered this earlier in the week in the post, The Story of How the DOJ Tried to Thwart an FBI Investigation Into the Clinton Foundation , but additional details have started to emerge. 
As we learned from yesterday's CNN article, Turmoil in the FBI : 
Behind the scenes over the past 15 months, infighting among some agents and officials has exposed some parts of the storied bureau to be buffeted by some of the same bitter divisions as the rest of American society. 
This account is based on interviews with more than a dozen officials close to the matter who spoke anonymously because they've been ordered not to speak to the news media. 
Tensions have built in particular over the handling of matters related to Hillary Clinton. Some of the sharpest divides have emerged between some agents in the FBI's New York field office, the bureau's largest and highest-profile, and officials at FBI headquarters in Washington and at the Justice Department. 
Some rank-and-file agents interpreted cautious steps taken by the Justice Department and FBI headquarters as being done for political reasons or to protect a powerful political figure. At headquarters, some have viewed the actions and complaints of some agents in the field as driven by the common desire of investigators to get a big case or, perhaps worst, because of partisan views. 
Much of the turmoil centers not only on the handling of the probe into Clinton's use of a private server while secretary of state, but also another case some FBI agents wanted to pursue into the Clinton Foundation and whether there was any impropriety in dealings with donors. 
In both cases, some FBI investigators felt stymied by headquarters and Justice Department officials and they interpreted roadblocks as politically partisan. 
During the Clinton email server investigation, investigators and prosecutors debated whether to issue subpoenas to Clinton's aides, officials say. Leaders at the FBI and at the Justice Department thought it would be faster to come to voluntary agreements with aides. Subpoenas could cause delays, particularly if litigation is necessary, officials said. And the FBI and Justice Department wanted to try to complete the probe and get out of the way of the 2016 election. 
Now here's where the Clinton Foundation probe comes into focus… 
In the Clinton Foundation probe, at least one FBI field office also received notification of a possible suspicious bank transaction. The transaction involving a Clinton Foundation donor was flagged in what is known as a suspicious activity report, routine notices sent through the Treasury Department's financial enforcement arm. 
By early this year, FBI agents from four field offices — Los Angeles, Little Rock, Arkansas, Washington, D.C., and New York — had open files on the Clinton Foundation and were seeking to get permission to formally conduct investigations of the Clinton Foundation. 
In February, as CNN first reported, FBI criminal division leaders and lawyers met with the lawyers from the Justice Department's public integrity section to present what was known so far and to seek permission to conduct full-blown investigations, including the ability to subpoena records. 
At that time, the Justice officials in the meeting advised FBI officials that there wasn't sufficient evidence to move forward and declined to give the authorization for overt investigative techniques. Some officials described a contentious meeting with strong disagreement on both sides. 
Officials leading the meeting told the FBI that investigators hadn't turned up much more evidence beyond that contained in 'Clinton Cash.' 
FBI lawyers at headquarters concurred with the Justice Department's view that agents be allowed to continue their work with the option to return if they found more evidence. 
In July, Comey made his announcement to recommend no charges against Clinton. 
At a Capitol Hill hearing days later, Comey told members of Congress that he was proud there had been no leaks of his decision. 
But blowback from some current and former agents was immediate. As Comey made his rounds of visits to field offices around the country, he heard stinging criticism, particularly from retired agents. 
At one meeting in Kansas City, Comey was confronted with stinging criticism of the probe. He pushed back, saying the career agents who knew the most of the case arrived at the conclusion that the case against Clinton wasn't even a close call. 
FBI agents again pressed to take more overt steps in the Clinton Foundation probe, including possibly issuing subpoenas. 
Justice Department officials again opposed such moves. They cited, again, a lack of evidence to warrant more investigative steps. And they expressed concerns that with the election close, any overt actions shouldn't be made until after Election Day. 
'It's just a (message of) 'hold right now until after the elections — no subpoenas issued, no interviews,' one law enforcement official familiar with the July decision said. 
So what conclusions can we draw from the above? First, it seems to confirm some of what Fox reported, namely that there is an ongoing investigation into the Clinton Foundation. That's important in its own right for the reasons I explained earlier. The second bit of information is new. We learned that Justice Department officials ' expressed concerns that with the election close, any overt actions shouldn't be made until after Election Day.' The pieces are finally coming together… 
Specifically, one of the more interesting aspects of last night's news is the increased willingness of FBI agents to break protocol and speak to the media about ongoing investigations. Why would they do that? They seem to be doing it due to continued concerns over political interference from the Justice Department (and possibly FBI headquarters) into various investigations into the workings of an extremely powerful political-oligarch family. They are rightly troubled by what a President Clinton could do to any investigation if she's elected. As such, they are trying to get their concerns out to the public ahead of time. 
I've been watching all of this develop for some time, and I wrote two prior articles on the topic. Here they are in case you missed them: 
October 18, 2016: Internal Anger at the FBI Over Clinton Investigation Continues to Grow 
So what's going on is extremely serious, and many within the FBI appear to be acutely concerned that the perception of the rule of law will be permanently destroyed if Clinton gets into the White House and shuts down all investigations into her and her inner circle. Martin Armstrong summarized the situation perfectly in a blog post earlier today: 
The Department of Justice is so compromised with Lynch at the head it is getting to be absurd. Peter J. Kadzik is the Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs at the Department of Justice (DOJ). Clearly, there is an internal war going on as I reported. Now that the FBI has over the 650,000 emails uncovered in Anthony Weiner's notebook, which Huma Abedin failed to turnover to Congress claiming she had no idea how they got there. The US Justice Department announced it is now also joining the probe to dedicate all necessary resources to quickly clear Hillary, up pops the conflict of interest. In the letter to Congress, the DOJ person to aid this investigation to clear Hillary by the election, is Assistant Attorney General Peter J. Kadzik who wrote to the House and Senate lawmakers. 
This is Podesta's friend for dinner who goes to his house. Plus, Peter Kadzik donated $250 to Hillary also noted in Podesta's spreadsheet . Kadzik and Podesta were classmates at Georgetown Law School back in the 1970s and have been good friends ever since. In fact, Kadzik represented Podesta during the Monica Lewinsky investigation and Podesta wrote that Kadzik was a 'fantastic lawyer' who 'kept me out of jail.' It was also Kadzik who lobbied Podesta for Marc Rich to obtain a pardon for a fugitive when you have to show remorse to get a pardon. Never has a Pardon been granted to a fugitive in this manner. Then Kadzik's wife, Amy Weiss of Weiss Public Affairs, worked on the 1992 Clinton/Gore Campaign as a Press Secretary. She was the Communications Director for the Democratic National Committee, and on top of that, she was White House Deputy Assistant to the President Bill Clinton. It gets better. Another email sent on May 5, 2015 , Kadzik's son asked Podesta for a job on the Clinton campaign. This is the independent person appointed by Lynch to clear Hillary? Come on! This is outright in your face corruption. 
Why would the DOJ pick such a conflicted person? The answer is obvious. They want to CLEAR Hillary no matter what. Kadzik is there to now counteract anything Comey does because there is really an internal war waging in Washington. The screams from behind the curtain are getting deafening. It is so disgusting that we are witnessing the complete collapse of anything pretended to be the rule of law. The status quo, including George Bush Sr, are all backing Hillary so there is NOTHING that will change and they all live fat and happy off of our taxes and legal oppression. This is really becoming a battle to save the country from the privileged establishment. They milk us like cows and send our boys into battle with lies and propaganda to enrich themselves. I lost half my school friends to Vietnam when Lyndon Johnson even said in 1965 the Vietnamese never attacked us; 'For all I know, our navy was shooting at whales out there.' ( source ) 
I also covered the disturbing crony relationships between the DOJ/FBI and Clinton's inner circle in recent weeks. For more on that, see:
ARTICLE

at 4:13 pm Leave a comment 
These are some pretty damning results for the mainstream media. Not only does the America public seen the media as a bigger threat to election results than Russian hackers, it's not even close. 
The Washington Examiner reports: 
Voters fear the media far more than Russian hackers when it comes to tampering with election results. 
According to a Suffolk University/USA Today poll , 46 percent of likely voters believe the news media is 'the primary threat that might try to change the election results.' 
The national political establishment was the second most-suspected group at 21 percent, and another 13 percent were undecided. 
Foreign interests, including 'Russian hackers,' ranked fourth with 10 percent and 'local political bosses' came in last with 9 percent of likely voters as the main threat to truthful election results. 
Here's the underlying data: 
Just to prove the point, The Atlantic really published the following today and it wasn't meant as a joke. Why is Hillary Clinton so widely loved? https://t.co/C6FN7sDUOP pic.twitter.com/leje2SIbjq 
— The Atlantic (@TheAtlantic) November 3, 2016 
The media has no one to blame but itself. 
For related articles, see:'
ARTICLE

at 2:29 pm 1 Comment 
I'm not one to shy away from Hillary Clinton related controversies, but this whole Spirit Cooking topic just seemed too far over the top to not have a good explanation. As such, I've avoided writing about it, hoping that someone from the Clinton team would come out and put all the craziness to rest. That has not happened. 
Indeed, the topic was trending at #1 for much of the morning on Twitter, and continues to trend at #3 many hours later. All day, I've been trying as hard as possible to disassociate my confirmation bias about the Clintons, from this story. As such, I've been waiting for a good 'debunking' piece to come out, but have yet to see one. 
For those of you who are interested in the topic, here's a measured take from The Washington Times : 
A new WikiLeaks release of stolen emails belonging to Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman John Podesta reveal an invitation by his brother to a 'Spirit Cooking dinner' at the home of artist Marina Abramovic. 
'Spirit Cooking with Essential Aphrodisiac Recipes' was released by Ms. Abramovic in 1996, but the 'ingredients' call for 'fresh breast milk with fresh sperm milk' to be consumed 'on earthquake nights.' 
New York's Museum of Modern Art called it a 'cookbook' for 'evocative instructions for actions or thoughts.' Another recipe calls for 'fresh morning urine.' 
'Are you in NYC Thursday July 9 Marina wants you to come to dinner Mary?' Tony Podesta says in an email forwarded to his brother June 28, 2015. 
'Dear Tony, I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place,' Ms. Abramovic says in a June 25 email sent at 2:35 a.m. GMT +2. 'Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? All my love, Marina.' 
You can see the source email through the following tweet by Wikileaks: Tony Podesta.
ARTICLE

at 11:01 am 3 Comments 
The following is just a brief clip from the full interview, which will be released on Saturday. 
Enjoy. 
Meanwhile, here's a related Clinton nugget courtesy of Jason Leopold over at Vice . He notes: 
More than 1,000 pages of emails recovered from Hillary Clinton's private server by the FBI during the bureau's probe into her handling of classified information was released by the State Department Thursday afternoon, five days before the presidential election. 
The State Department noted that the majority of these emails , released in response to a VICE News Freedom of Information Act lawsuit, are 'near duplicates' of emails Clinton's attorneys turned over to State in December 2014. 
But there were also emails never before released. Perhaps the most notable revealed discussions about how hard the State Department should push to pursue Julian Assange after his organization, WikiLeaks, released tens of thousands of State Department cables. 
'We view this not as a 'clever game' of wiki leaks [sic] but rather as a 'criminal act' against the United States of America,' Abedin wrote in a previously unreleased Dec. 2, 2010, email to Clinton that laid out a way to respond to the leak. 'He might think this is a clever game today, but when he is prosecuted and if convicted he will move from being a clever cyber thief to a convicted criminal and -will find out that's a whole different kind of game.' 
Well then.
ARTICLE

at 12:38 pm 2 Comments 
A few days ago the Wall Street Journal published a very powerful piece titled, The Million-Dollar Donors . What you'll see should sufficiently dash any and all fantasies that Hillary Clinton is for the average person. 
Here are a few of the graphics: 
For additional graphics and more detailed information, click here . 
So are you ready?
ARTICLE

Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
ARTICLE

A few days ago, Cesar A. Hidalgo published a very important article titled, What I Learned From Visualizing Hillary Clinton's Emails . 
So who is Cesar Hidalgo? 
César A. Hidalgo is associate professor of media arts and sciences at the MIT Media Lab and the author of Why Information Grows: The evolution of order from atoms to economies . He has also lead the creation of data visualization sites that have received more than 100 million views, including datausa.io, dataviva.info, atlas.media.mit.edu, immersion.media.mit.edu, pantheon.media.mit.edu, streetscore.media.mit.edu, and others (see chidalgo.com for more details). 
At this point, I'm sure you're wondering why I'm highlighting this guy's post two days before the Presidential election. It's for two reasons. First, the piece offers a very good representation of the sort of peer pressure that can come down upon an academic for being seen as having the 'wrong' political opinion. Second, and perhaps most important, his email visualization tool taught him that the current state of our government in these United States simply can't achieve the best outcomes for the public at current scale (size, geographic/cultural diversity, etc). 
With all that out of the way, I'm going to highlight what I found to be the most powerful part of his piece. 
Enjoy: So what did we learn by making this dataset accessible? We learned a few things about what Clinton's emails said, about how the media works, and about how people interpreted the project. We made clinton.media.mit.edu publicly available last Friday night (October 28, 2016). We launched with a single story , written by Alejandra Vargas from Univision. My intuition was that the story was likely to get picked up by other news sources. After all, the tool facilitated people's ability to read and understand the content of these emails, and the connections of the people involved in them. But I was wrong—it has been nearly a week since we released the project and no other major news source has picked up the story, despite having been viewed by more than 300,000 people in less than a week. So how did we get so much traffic without any news coverage? The answer is social media. So far, the tool has been shared widely on Twitter, Facebook, and for a brief but intense time, on Reddit. Its spread has been fueled by different motives, and also, has been battled in different ways. Many reporters shared the news on their personal accounts understanding that the tool represents a different form of data reporting, or data journalism: one where people are provided with a tool that facilitates their ability to explore a relevant dataset, instead of being provided with a story summarizing a reporter's description of that dataset. Another group of people that shared the news were interface designers, who understand that there is a need to improve the tabular interface of present day email clients, and that the inbox we presented in this project was an attractive new alternative. But many people also shared our site claiming that this was evidence of Clinton's corruption, and that the site supported Trump. More on that later. But the spread of the site was not without its detractors. A few hours after we released the site I received a message from a friend telling me that what I had done was 'a huge mistake' and that I should have waited to post this until 'later in the year.' A few days later, outside my lab, a member of a neighboring research group called me a 'Trump supporter' and told me that I should have only made that site available if it also included Trump's emails. I told him that I would be happy to include them, but I had no access to the data. In haste, this colleague began emailing me news articles, none of which provided access to the alleged public dataset of Trump emails. Later, a friend of one of my students posted the news on Reddit, where it went viral. And I mean really viral. It became the top story of the Internetisbeautiful subreddit, and made it to Reddit's front page. It collected more than 3,000 upvotes and 70. But as the story peaked, a moderator single-handedly removed it in an authoritarian move, and justified this unilateral silencing of the post by adding a rule banning 'sites that serve a political agenda or that otherwise induce drama.' Of course, the rule was added AFTER the post was removed. Reddit appears to be rampant with censorship these days. So when it comes to media, social or not, I learned that providing information directly to people so that they can inspect it and evaluate it, is a value that many people consider second to supporting their preferred electoral choice. The twist is that I don't support Trump. In fact, I don't support him at all. I think he is potentially a threat to global security, and also, a candidate that has shown repeatedly to be a dividing rather than unifying force. He has failed to respect contracts numerous times, defrauding contractors; and he certainly has shown little respect for people's development by creating a fraudulent university. So I think he is ill prepared for most jobs, including a difficult one like that of being president. I support Clinton in this election, and even though I don't get to vote (As a green card holder I just pay taxes), I want her to win next Tuesday. I really do. But I understand that this is my own personal choice, a choice that I want to make sure is informed by my ability to evaluate information about the candidates directly, and by a media that is more transparent than the one we now have. Trust me, if I had Trump's tax records, I would also think it is a good idea to make a tool that makes them more easily digestible. But my reason to make that tool, once again, would not come from my support for Clinton, or my opposition to Trump. It would come from my support for a society where people have direct access to relevant sources of information through well-designed data visualization tools. Now here's where we get into very important lessons about the future. So what did I learn about Clinton's emails? One of the advantages of helping design a data visualization tool is that you get an intimate understanding of the data you are visualizing. After all, you have to explore the data and use the tool to make dozens of design decisions. In this case, the development cycle was particularly fast, but nevertheless I got to learn a few things about the data. Of course, the whole point of making this tool is that you can use it to come up with your own interpretation of the data. That said, you might be curious about mine, so I'll share it with you too. What I saw on Clinton's emails was not surprising to me. It involved a relatively small group of people talking about what language to use when communicating with other people. Also, it involved many unresponded-to emails. Many conversations revolved around what words to use or avoid, and what topics to focus on, or how to avoid some topics, when speaking in public or in meetings. This is not surprising to me because I've met many politicians in my life, including a few presidents and dozens of ministers and governors, so I know that what work means to many people in this line of work, on a daily basis, is strategizing what to say and being careful about how to say it. I am sure that if we had access to Trump's emails we would see plenty of the same behavior. So what I got from reading some of Clinton's email is another piece of evidence confirming my intuition that political systems scale poorly. The most influential actors on them are spending a substantial fraction of their mental capacity thinking about how to communicate, and do not have the bandwidth needed to deal with many incoming messages (the unresponded-to emails). This is not surprising considering the large number of people they interact with (although this dataset is rather small. I send 8k emails a year and receive 30k. In this dataset Clinton is sending only 2K emails a year). Our modern political world is one where a few need to interact with many, so they have no time for deep relationships — they physically cannot. So what we are left is with a world of first impressions and public opinion, where the choice of words matters enormously, and becomes central to the job. Yet, the chronic lack of time that comes from having a system where few people govern many, and that leads people to strategize every word, is not Clinton's fault. It is just a bug that affects all modern political systems, which are ancient Greek democracies that were not designed to deal with hundreds of millions of people. On another note, this exercise also helped me reaffirm my belief that the best way to learn about the media is not by reading the news, but by being news. I've had the fortune, and misfortune, to have been news many times. This time, I honestly thought that we had a piece of content that some media channels would be interested in and that it would get picked up easily. I have many reporter friends who are enthusiastic about new forms of data journalism, and that actually have been positive and encouraging this week. So I imagined that there was a good chance that a reporter would see the site, go to his or her editor, and say: 'Hey, I have an interactive data visualization of all Clinton's emails. Can I write a story on it?' and the editor would say: 'Of course, make it quick.' I don't know if these conversations actually happened, but given the large volume of traffic our project received I would be surprised if they didn't. I learned that the outcome was not the one I intuited. And this brings me to my final point, which is that while I support Clinton in this election, and I think Trump is a bad choice for president (a really bad one), I still think that we should work on the creation of tools that improve the ability of people to personalize scrutinize politically relevant information. I now understand that much of the U.S. media may not share that view with me, and that I think this is an important point of reflection. I hope the media takes some time to think about this on November 9 (or the week after). Also, the large number of people who were unable to interpret our tool as anything but an effort to support or oppose a political candidate — and that was true for both liberals and conservatives — speaks to me about an ineffective public sphere. And that's something I think we should all be concerned about. This polarization is not just a cliché. It is a crippling societal condition that is expressed in the inability of people to see any merit, or any point, in opposing views. That's a dangerous, and chronic, institutional disease that is expressed also in the inability of people to criticize their own candidates, because they fear being confused with someone their peers will interpret as a supporter of the opposing candidate. If you cannot see any merit in the candidate you oppose, even in one or two of the many points that have been made, you may have it. So that's how this election has muddled the gears of democracy. When we cannot learn from those we oppose, or agree when they have a valid point, our learning stops. We keep on talking past each other. I know that this election has made learning from those we oppose particularly difficult, but the difficult tests are the ones that truly show us what we are really made of. These are the situations that push us to see past all of the things that we don't like, or don't agree on, so we can rescue a lesson. You may not agree with me, but I hope at least I gave you something to think about. While his points about media censorship and peer pressure are self-explanatory, I want to take a quick moment to discuss his most meaningful insight, which is the idea that ' political systems scale poorly.' This is hugely important, because as the current status quo system collapses, many of us in the Western world will be presented with an incredible opportunity to do things completely different. Unfortunately, none of the candidates in the 2016 election (including Sanders and Trump) have been promoting the idea of political decentralization, which is the direction I think we need to move toward. In voting for Brexit, that's exactly what the British people professed a preference for, and it's what we need here in America. In some important ways, I think we should look back toward the original concept of government as understood by our founders. A loose-knit collection of largely self-governing states that are bonded together in certain important ways, yet independent and sovereign in all other ways. Indeed, I think we can break things up even further than that, but let's start there for the time being. If we want to stick with representative democracy, I think for it to work best, it needs to be very local. I think the future of mankind depends on us getting our political systems right, and I think governance has to be shifted to the local level as much as possible. This all reminds me of Aldous Huxley's extremely prescient warning in his 1958 book Brave New World revised (see my review of it), in which he wrote: 
Or take the right to vote. In principle, it is a great privilege. In practice, as recent history has repeatedly shown, the right to vote, by itself, is no guarantee of liberty. Therefore, if you wish to avoid dictatorship by referendum, break up modern society's merely functional collectives into self-governing, voluntarily co-operating groups, capable of functioning outside the bureaucratic systems of Big Business and Big Government. Bottom line: We need to decentralize everything, especially government. In Liberty,
ARTICLE

at 11:29 am 2 Comments 
Election 2016 has been extremely bittersweet for me. On the positive side, through both the Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump grassroots movements, we have seen clear proof that a huge number of Americans accurately understand that the current system is totally rigged and simply not working for them. These people didn't migrate toward these two candidates for some tweaks to the system here and there, their supporters want full scale paradigm level change. 
As such, rather than dwelling on the differences between these two populist movements, let's consider some of the areas where they overlap. 
1. Trade — Opposition to NAFTA and current 'trade' deals such as TPP, TTIP, and TISA have been central to both the Sanders and Trump campaigns. 
2. War and militarism — Whether you believe Trump is sincere or not, opposition to Obama/Clinton interventionist overseas wars were key talking points for both Trump and Sanders. 
3. The system is rigged — The painful acknowledgment that the U.S. economic system is a rigged scam that fails to reward hard work, and is more akin to a parasitic, predatory oligarchy with very limited social mobility, has been a key campaign theme for both Trump and Sanders. The economy is increasingly dominated by near-monoploy giants who relentlessly push for more power and more profits irrespective of the cost to society, whether that cost be war, poverty or social unrest. 
4. Money in politics — The rigged economic system described above aggregates wealth into an increasingly small number of hands. Those hands then buy off politicians and rig the political process. A rigged economy and rigged political system perpetually feeds itself and endlessly grows at the expense of the public like a terminal cancer. Both Trump and Sanders emphasized this problem. 
5. Rule of law is dead — Sanders focused on Wall Street bankers, while Trump focused on Hillary and her inner circle of cronies, but the overall point is the same. Rich and powerful oligarchs are above the law. We all know this, but Washington D.C. refuses to do anything about. 
Despite all of the above, the ultimate status quo candidate, Hillary Clinton, has a very good chance of winning tomorrow's election. Why? Primarily because Donald Trump is a very divisive figure who focused too much on polarizing issues such as building a wall, stop-and-frisk, supporting torture, advocating for internet censorship and libel laws, etc. While he got his act together toward the end of the campaign, he spent far too much of it marginalizing people like me who desperately want to vanquish the status quo, but couldn't get comfortable with Trump. 
This is where the election took on a decidedly negative tone for me on a personal basis. I've dedicated the last six years of my life to fully exposing and combating status quo corruption, but when the populist revolt finally arrived, the only choice I was given for change was one I couldn't embrace. For someone so passionately yearning for positive, paradigm-level change, that's been a crushing letdown. Personally, I've passed the point where I'm willing to vote for someone I don't believe in or trust. As such, I won't be voting for either one. That said, my individual vote is irrelevant, and I don't want to focus on that. The bigger question is, who do I think will win? 
On that question, I don't have a strong opinion at the moment. Ultimately, it depends on whether Americans go into the voting booth and see status quo vs. blowing up the status quo, or if they see Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton. If they see the former, odds are in Trump's favor. If they see the latter, it's a matter of which personality Americans find least repulsive. 
So here we stand. Despite the fact that a huge percentage of Americans deem both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton to be 'unelectable,' one of them is about to be elected. As such, we really need to start thinking and strategizing about the future. In that regard, I propose we look at the five points of Sanders/Trump overlap I highlighted earlier. If we can stay focused on those existential issues after the election irrespective of who wins, 'we the people' have a good chance of uniting a clear majority of the population and ultimately turning this national disaster around. 
Or we can allow ourselves to be divided and conquered into oblivion. The choice is ours. 
In Liberty,
