ARTICLE

Home / News / Hillary Insisted America Fact Check Her, So We Did'¦Here's 6 Huge Lies From The Debate Hillary Insisted America Fact Check Her, So We Did'¦Here's 6 Huge Lies From The Debate fisher 4 mins ago News Comments Off on Hillary Insisted America Fact Check Her, So We Did'¦Here's 6 Huge Lies From The Debate Hillary Insisted America Fact Check Her, So We Did'¦Here's 6 Huge Lies From The Debate Hillary Clinton stood before millions of Americans last night and told numerous lies, then said things like 'Google it', suggesting we fact check her'¦so we did and found 6 major lies, plus others. FACT CHECK #1 '“ Hillary Clinton claimed that Planned Parenthood 'provides cancer screenings' and therefore should not be de-funded, in spite of controversy about abortion. Fact-Check: MOSTLY FALSE This is a repeated claim deployed in defense of Planned Parenthood, but it is not true, at least as regards breast cancer. As the left-leaning Washington Post 's fact-checker wrote in 2015: When Democratic lawmakers or other supporters assert that Planned Parenthood 'provides' mammograms, this is highly misleading language because it could be interpreted to mean that the group directly administers the X-rays. The group does not 'provide' mammograms. Rather, the situation is similar to other clinics where patients are referred to a licensed facility that can provide biopsies, X-rays or other specialized services. It is slightly more accurate to say that women have 'access' to mammograms via Planned Parenthood, though it's still slippery language. FACT CHECK #2 '“ Hillary Clinton responded to a question about Supreme Court and gun rights by saying, 'I support the Second Amendment.' Fact-Check: FALSE When Clinton made this statement she was responding to a question about the District of Columbia v. Heller (2008) decision: a decision dealing with the foundations of the Second Amendment; the very roots of what it protects. In the Heller ruling, SCOTUS reaffirmed that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to keep and bear arms. This decision has become a bulwark against leftists who have spent decades in academia, politics and journalism trying to persuade Americans that the Second Amendment protects a collective right. (If collective, the left could tie gun ownership to service in the militia and bar gun ownership for anyone save those who serve in the militia or today's military or police forces.) So Heller is crucial. In fact, it is so crucial that it is not be a stretch to say the entire Second Amendment rests on it. Yet Hillary disagrees the Heller ruling. Her spokesman Josh Schwerin said Hillary believes Heller was ' wrongly decided .' So how can a woman who does not believe in an 'individual' right to keep and bear arms support the Second Amendment? She can't. Incidentally, Clinton made this point evident during the debate when she said her disagreement with the Heller decision was the way the SCOTUS applied the Second Amendment in that case. For those of you who may not know, Heller centered on Washington DC's gun ban'“which was subsequently struck down via the SCOTUS decision. To oppose the application of the Second Amendment in Heller is to oppose the fact that a gun ban was overturned. That is not supporting the Second Amendment. FACT CHECK #3 '“ Hillary Clinton said during the third presidential debate in Las Vegas on Wednesday that she 'will not add a penny to the debt' if elected president. Fact-Check: FALSE Indeed, Hillary Clinton's claim is not even close to true. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget predicts that under Clinton's policies , the debt would increase by $9 trillion over a decade. 'Clinton's plan would increase both spending and revenue,' the Washington, D.C.-based independent non-profit's analyst said . 'Under our preliminary updated central estimate, she would increase primary spending by $1.65 trillion over the next decade, including about $500 billion of spending on college education, $300 billion each on paid family leave and infrastructure, and significant new health-related spending.' FACT CHECK #4 '“ Hillary Clinton claimed that '33,000 people a year'¦die from guns.' Fact-Check: FALSE This is a claim Clinton often makes to make gun violence appear to be raging out of control; to justify the government stepping in with more rules and regulations to keep the American people safe. However, a Fact-Check shows Clinton's claim is not only false, but is exaggerated by 66 percent. She is using figures from 2013, and reporting them in a way that distorts what really happened with guns that year. Clinton first began making this claim in November 2015, repeated it in April 2016, and has since repeated it again and again. In April Breitbart News highlighted the method Clinton used to swell the numbers: In 2013, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported 11,208 firearm-related homicides in the United States. An additional 505 accidental firearm-related deaths occurred in the US'“a figure that pales in comparison to the 38,851 deaths by accidental poisoning or the 30,208 deaths caused by falls. So Clinton and gun control proponents who think like her increase these figures by adding in suicides. In this way, 11,713 firearm-related deaths'“homicides and accidental deaths'“quickly become 32,888 'gun violence' deaths in 2013 and an impetus for gun control. FACT CHECK #5 '“ Hillary Clinton praised President Obama 's economic performance, adding: 'He has cut the deficit by two-thirds.' Fact-Check: FALSE This repeated Democratic canard relies on fraudulent accounting that only starts more than halfway through Obama 's first year in office, after the $862 billion stimulus, the massive omnibus spending bill ('porkulus'), and the deployment of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP), which was signed by Obama 's predecessor but for which he voted. As Breitbart News noted when President Obama claimed in January to have cut the deficit by 'almost three-quarters': This is pure fiction. Obama has doubled the national debt, and it's not because he cut the deficit. Rather, he spent staggering amounts of money in his first months in office'“which he assigns, dishonestly, to the previous fiscal year, under George W. Bush. He 'cut' (i.e. spent more gradually) from that spending, but only under protest, after Republicans took the House in 2010. The truth is that Obama vastly expanded the deficit in a doomed and ill-conceived experiment in Keynesian stimulus spending, much of which was wasted on priorities that helped Obama 's political supporters '” especially the public sector unions '” but did little for the economy. FACT CHECK #6 '“ Hillary Clinton said 'We at the Clinton Foundation spend ninety percent '” ninety percent '” of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs of people around the world and in our own country.' Fact-Check: FALSE Indeed, Clinton's 'ninety percent' claim is false according to her troubled charity's own t ax filings . Peter Schweizer, president of the Government Accountability Institute , Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large, and author of Clinton Cash said the Clinton Foundation has spent as little as six percent of its total income on actual charitable endeavors. 'If you actually look at the numbers of their filings and 990s, that's what it indicates,' Schweizer said last month in an interview with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Breitbart News Daily . 'The Clinton Foundation will say, 'We assisted or facilitated in 100,000 kids getting immunizations.' Well, okay, what does that mean? And they don't really tell you. They don't really explain to you how it works.' 'So the number is absolutely correct, that six percent goes to other charities,' Schweizer continued. 'The other 94 percent is in this stew of marketing, and management, and travel expenses, and sort of all these obscure things, that it's really hard to dissect what is the end result of that 94 percent being spent.' What's more? Political analyst Sean Davis, the co-founder of The Federalist and a former adviser to Sen. Tom Coburn and Gov. Rick Perry, examined the Clinton Foundation's 2013 tax filings and found that ' Hillary Clinton's non-profit spent more on office supplies and rent than it did on charitable grants.' 'The Clinton Foundation spent nearly $8.5 million'“10 percent of all 2013 expenditures'“on travel,' Davis contends . 'Nearly $4.8 million'“5.6 percent of all expenditures'“was spent on office supplies.' (Source: Check out over 20 more Fact Checks at Breitbart) So there you have it, folks. It was hard to narrow it down to just 6, but these were among the biggest lies of the night. 
ARTICLE

Home / News / FOR SALE: Hillary's State Department FOR SALE: Hillary's State Department fisher 8 mins ago News Comments Off on FOR SALE: Hillary's State Department FOR SALE: Hillary 's State Department 
As new revelations continue to unfold regarding Hillary 's time as Secretary of State, it has become clear that her State Department was highly influenced by donors to the Clinton Foundation. Before Hillary became Secretary of State, she had to sign an agreement with the Obama administration restricting the ability of the Clinton Foundation to accept foreign donations. In February of this year the Clinton Foundation admitted that the agreement had in fact been broken. 
Now it has been discovered that over half of non-government officials who met with Hillary while she was Secretary of State gave money to the Clinton Foundation. What they received in return is just one of the questions Hillary has refused to answer byavoiding the press for the past eight months. In newly released emails there are details of donors being granted access to ambassadors due to their interest in the region, the Foundation putting pressure on Hillary 's staff to hire a former employee, and the Clinton Global Initiative leader demanding a top Foundation donor be connected with the State Department. 
This is beyond the appearance of a conflict and Americans have seen through the facade. A majority of voters say they believe Clinton gave special treatment to Foundation donors while she was Secretary of State. As the president of Judicial Watch accurately pointed out, 'There was no daylight between the two under Mrs. Clinton, and this was contrary to her promises.' 
After ignoring previous ethics guidelines, the Clintons are now trying to reassure Americans by saying the Foundation will change if Hillary is elected. The last ditch effort to gloss over ethics violations and possibly cover up corruption within Hillary 's State Department is much too little and far too late. Americans are tired of being lied to by the Clintons. Since the American people have a right to a full view of Hillary 's record before they head to the polls, the Clinton Foundation should immediately release all of Hillary 's State Department emails. 
ARTICLE

Home / News / Madonna Says She'll Give A Blowjob To Anyone That Votes For Hillary Clinton (VIDEO) Madonna Says She'll Give A Blowjob To Anyone That Votes For Hillary Clinton (VIDEO) Heisenberg 1 min ago News Comments Off on Madonna Says She'll Give A Blowjob To Anyone That Votes For Hillary Clinton (VIDEO) Pop star Madonna got raunchy while introducing comedian Amy Schumer at a performance in New York City Tuesday night, promising the crowd sexual favors in exchange for their support of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. 

'If you vote for Hillary Clinton, I will give you a blowjob. OK?' the 58-year-old Rebel Heart singer told an audience at New York's Madison Square Garden Tuesday night. 'I'm really good. I'm not a douche, and I'm not a tool. I take my time, I have a lot of eye contact, and I do swallow.' 
The comments came as Madonna warmed up the crowd with a very brief standup set ahead of the Trainwreck star's performance at the Garden Tuesday night, according to the New York Daily News . 
Schumer took the stage afterward for her first stand-up gig since hundreds of supporters of Republican candidate Donald Trump stood up and walked out of her performance in Tampa, Florida earlier this week after the comedian called him an 'orange monster.' As Breitbart previously reported, Shumer was widely booed during the performance at Tampa's Amalie Arena, where she instructed security to remove hecklers. 
During her performance Tuesday night, Schumer read aloud a letter she composed in response to the Trump fans who walked out on her show in Tampa. 
'Dearest Tampa, I'm sorry you didn't want me, a comedian who talks about what she believes in, to mention the biggest thing going on in our country right now,' Schumer said, adding: 'How could I think it was OK to spend five minutes having a peaceful conversation with someone with different views? After the show, I want you to know that I will go straight to a rehab facility.' 
The comedian added that she looks forward to 'putting this all behind us' in November, when ' Hillary Clinton is our motherf*cking president.' 
Madonna has previously used sex appeal to drum up support for the Democratic presidential candidate; in September, the singer joined fellow pop star Katy Perry in stripping off her clothes to encourage Clinton voters to head to the polls in November. 
ARTICLE

Home / News / BREAKING: ILLEGAL ALIEN CAUSES $61 MILLION IN DAMAGE, HAS BEEN DEPORTED 5 TIMES'¦TRUMP IS PISSED! BREAKING: ILLEGAL ALIEN CAUSES $61 MILLION IN DAMAGE, HAS BEEN DEPORTED 5 TIMES'¦TRUMP IS PISSED! fisher 2 hours ago News , USA , World Comments Off on BREAKING: ILLEGAL ALIEN CAUSES $61 MILLION IN DAMAGE, HAS BEEN DEPORTED 5 TIMES'¦TRUMP IS PISSED! BREAKING: ILLEGAL ALIEN CAUSES $61 MILLION IN DAMAGE, HAS BEEN DEPORTED 5 TIMES'¦ TRUMP IS PISSED! 
Angel Gilberto Garcia-Avalos is an illegal alien living in America who has been reported FIVE TIMES. 
He recently caused $61 million in damage after setting fire to a National Forest in California. 
This is the reason Donald Trump will win on November 8th. 
People are fed-up with these illegal criminals! 
From Washington Times: 
Angel Gilberto Garcia-Avalos had been deported five times in just the past four years, yet each time he has managed to sneak from Mexico back into the U.S., where he ended up in more mischief: driving without a license, attempted burglary and felony weapons charges. 
In August, he graduated to full-fledged mayhem, sparking a fire in the Sequoia National Forest that has already cost the government $61 million and left some of the country's most beautiful landscape scarred for years to come. 
Garcia, who pleaded guilty last month and faces 13 months in prison, had only recently been released from the Kern County Jail. He likely would have been deported again, but local authorities were unable to report him to immigration authorities because of California's new sanctuary city law, which prohibited the sheriff from communicating with federal agents. 
Thanks a lot, sanctuary cities! 
When Trump wins, these cities that protect illegals from the feds will not receive funding. 
Liberal policies harm us all. This is proof. 
Who's going to wind up paying for this mess? 
ARTICLE

Home / News / TRUMP RECEIVED BY MASSIVE CROWD IN ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO TRUMP RECEIVED BY MASSIVE CROWD IN ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO fisher 3 mins ago News , USA , World Comments Off on TRUMP RECEIVED BY MASSIVE CROWD IN ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO TRUMP RECEIVED BY MASSIVE CROWD IN ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO 
Political pundits want you to believe that Trump has already lost this election, but by the size of the crowd that was chanting his name in Albuquerque, it looks like that's just not the case at all! 
New Mexico is a blue state, and has voted Democrat for the past five elections! Looks like Trump might be changing that! As Trump stepped on stage, he was met by a crowd of over 10,000 supporters chanting his name! 
'” Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) October 31, 2016 Scene at the Albuquerque airport as Trump told in pic.twitter.com/wRMDh234PA 
'” David Martosko (@dmartosko) October 31, 2016 
Loyal Trump supporters even crossed an ENTIRE DESERT to see him in person! Talk about dedication! 
Don't let the media and their phony polls fool you. THIS IS A MOVEMENT and it's scaring the hell out of all the Washington elites! They want you to believe Trump doesn't have a chance so you stay home on voting day. DON'T FALL FOR IT! Just look at these crowds!!! 
ARTICLE

Home / News / Fox News Just Exposed Hillary's ILLEGAL VOTING Scheme To The Entire Country! Fox News Just Exposed Hillary's ILLEGAL VOTING Scheme To The Entire Country! fisher 2 mins ago News Comments Off on Fox News Just Exposed Hillary's ILLEGAL VOTING Scheme To The Entire Country! Fox News Just Exposed Hillary 's ILLEGAL VOTING Scheme To The Entire Country! 
Hillary Clinton has taken her illegal actions to a new level with a new move that involves enlisting the help of illegal immigrants to help her beat Donald Trump in November. 
Once again, Hillary is in violation of 8 U.S. Code Â§ 1324, which makes it a felony to 'conceal' or 'harbor' any 'alien' 'including any means of transportation.' The penalty is five years in prison (ten years if it was done for 'commercial advantage or private financial gain,' could be made for that). Hillary and the DNC also violated this law a few weeks back at the Democratic National Convention when they paraded two illegal immigrants across the stage to give an anti- Trump speech. 
Hillary Clinton is enlisting undocumented 'Dreamers' into a new voter registration drive aimed at signing up sympathetic voters with warnings that Donald Trump 's immigration plans could result in their deportation '“ though the Dreamers themselves cannot legally vote. 
Clinton's national voter registration program, called 'Mi SueÃ±o, Tu Voto/My Dream, Your Vote,' was announced Sunday, on the four-year anniversary of the 2012 order that temporarily shielded from deportation some young immigrants brought to the country illegally as children. 
The 730,000 young people known as Dreamers are prohibited from voting. However, they remain a powerful political organizing force, and the Clinton campaign hopes to use them to convince Latino and other households to go to the polls for the Democratic nominee. HERE'S WHAT LOU HAD TO SAY'¦ 
ARTICLE

Home / News / TRUMP TSUNAMI INCOMING: What Trump Did In Florida Today Will Make Him President! TRUMP TSUNAMI INCOMING: What Trump Did In Florida Today Will Make Him President! fisher 5 mins ago News Comments Off on TRUMP TSUNAMI INCOMING: What Trump Did In Florida Today Will Make Him President! TRUMP TSUNAMI INCOMING: What Trump Did In Florida Today Will Make Him President! 
Breaking! Breaking! Bad news for Hillary in Florida. Early voting numbers from Florida are showing that Republicans have cast 17,000 more votes than Democrats. 
*** 6 days before the Election in 2012, Democrats in Florida cast 39,000 more votes than Republicans. 
*** Today, six days before the election, Republicans have now cast 17,000 more votes than Democrats. 
Watch Trump in Miami, FL today: 

ARTICLE

Home / News / Yikes! Catholic Church announces a major warning against Hillary Yikes! Catholic Church announces a major warning against Hillary Heisenberg 5 mins ago News Comments Off on Yikes! Catholic Church announces a major warning against Hillary 
A San Diego Catholic Church claims Hillary is doing the devils work. Reuters reported: A Roman Catholic church in San Diego told its parishioners the devil works through politicians like Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and warned that voting for Democrats is a 'mortal sin,' according to local media and the church's website. The Immaculate Conception Catholic Church in Old Town made the statements in its weekly leaflet to churchgoers, a copy of which remains on the church's website. The letter railed against issues like abortion and constraints on tax-exempt organizations from certain political activity, likening them to slavery. 'Satan has deceived many Christians to convert to worldly values from Christian ones,' the Oct. 30 bulletin reads. 'The devil does this through the tactics outlined by Saul Alinsky with the outcome as Hillary Clinton has stated, 'And deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs and structural biases have to be changed,' to draw us away from God's teachings.' 
ARTICLE

Home / News / The African voters in the US who want Donald Trump as their president The African voters in the US who want Donald Trump as their president fisher 1 min ago News Comments Off on The African voters in the US who want Donald Trump as their president The African voters in the US who want Donald Trump as their president In less than 48 hours, Americans will go to the polls to elect a new president. But no matter what happens on election day (Nov. 8), Trump will not win the majority of the black vote. Many of them are expected to heed the message of president Obama who has warned that the Republican candidate will undo his administration's legacy. But Trump 's message'”to make America great again'”might still draw an unlikely group of supporters from within the black community: African immigrants. Foreign-born Africans make up a small share of the US immigrant population, but their numbers have been doubling every decade since 1970. African immigrants living in the US grew from 80,000 in 1970 to 1.8 million as of 2013, according to a study from the Pew Research Center. This group of voters say they are supporting Trump because of a blend of ideals that his candidacy represents: as the new flag bearer for conservative, traditional politics; a political outsider who has chipped away at political correctness; a successful businessman who has consistently reinvented himself to achieve the American dream; and a man sure to deliver them from what they see as the disappointing presidency of Barack Obama . Despite Trump 's anti-immigrant rhetoric, some African immigrants have been dissatisfied with Obama 's middling Africa policy and think real change from an outsider like themselves could make a positive difference for America their own fortunes. Leading this pack is none other than president Obama 's Kenyan half-brother, Malik. The 58-year-old naturalized US citizen, has spoken about his own brother's leadership as 'deep disappointment,' and said that Trump was 'providing something new and something fresh' to the American people. Some of the African Trump supporters like Malik have also voiced their concerns about the moral relativism that has pervaded US politics, from abortion rights to marriage equality, to the current debate on transgender bathroom use. I tried to co-exist with my brother Barack Obama but he shut me out; In his Ivory Tower. I gave up. '” Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) November 5, 2016 VOTE FOR MR. TRUMP ! Malik already voted. '” Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) November 5, 2016 Reno Omokri, once the controversial new media aide to Nigeria's former president, Goodluck Jonathan, is now a pastor in the San Francisco Bay area. Speaking to the BBC, Omokri said that he supports Trump because he was going to nominate a Supreme Court judge who might reverse, or deal, with these issues from a conservative standpoint. 'Those issues, they might seem small to you,' Omokri said, but they 'are very important to someone like me because I am a conservative and that is why I am supporting Donald Trump .' Khadra Abdirahman is a 24-year-old Somali-American who was born in New York after her parents fled the civil war in Somalia. But as a registered Republican and a first-time voter, she intends to cast her ballot for a political candidate who is against the status quo. Establishment party leaders she said, are oblivious to the populism born out of frustration, which is why she would vote for a candidate like Donald Trump or Bernie Sanders, instead of Hillary Clinton or Jeb Bush. Abdirahman, who didn't support Obama when he ran in 2008 and 2012, thinks the 2016 elections are 'a change election' and a 'revolutionary election.' She says the 'surge of anti-establishment, anti-globalist political revolutions,' the like we have seen with Brexit, should provide the space for candidates like Trump to be elected. 'America projects a false image of goodness and truthfulness and it is actually extremely rotten to the core.' Sign up for the Quartz Africa Weekly Brief '” the most important and interesting news from across the continent, in your inbox. 
ARTICLE

Home / News / Longtime Clinton Aid: If America Read All of Hillary's Emails She Could 'Lose 49 States' Longtime Clinton Aid: If America Read All of Hillary's Emails She Could 'Lose 49 States' fisher 4 mins ago News Comments Off on Longtime Clinton Aid: If America Read All of Hillary's Emails She Could 'Lose 49 States' Longtime Clinton Aid: If America Read All of Hillary 's Emails She Could 'Lose 49 States' NEW YORK '” If Americans were to read all of Hillary Clinton's emails 'she would either win 49 states, or lose 49 states,' wrote Philippe I. Reines, Clinton's longtime aide who served as her senior advisor while she was Secretary of State. 
In the same email, Reines cryptically wrote about Clinton's email scandal that 'email retention = Benghazi.' 
The March 3, 2015 correspondence was posted by Wikileaks after the email was ostensibly captured in John Podesta's hacked gmail account. 
The message was a response to a suggestion from Clinton's communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, that Clinton make a joke about the email fiasco during a charity dinner later that day. This was two months before the State Department publicly released the first batch of Clinton's emails, messages which had previously been provided to the House Select Committee on Benghazi . 
'Greetings. I wanted to float idea of HRC making a joke about the email situation at the Emily's List dinner tonight. What do folks think about that?' Palmieri asked, in an email to numerous Clinton confidantes, including Podesta and Reines. 
'Margolis and I discussed,' replied Mandy Grunwald, a communications adviser to Clinton. 'We don't know what's in the emails, so we are nervous about this. Might get a big laugh tonight and regret it when content of emails is disclosed.' 
That's when Reines chimed in with his remarks: 
Trust me, most of the email themselves are funnier than any joke we can come up with. Read in total by America she would either win 49 states, or lose 49 states. I go back and forth. 
I'm not hard over either way, but I would not make a joke just for the sake of making a joke, because email retention = Benghazi. 
BUT, if we could get some business done in a light way it's worth trying: signaling that she is more than fine with them making their way into the public domain. Because past the process stuff, next phase is content. And the assumption is that she did this secretly, hiding, etc. Simply not true. We can't jam State to release them at this point, but if Dan can think of a light way to say 'I am proud of the work we did at State and hopefully at some point everyone will be able to read what's in them as a way to better understand that work, but until then, I want to talk about'¦' Doesn't need to be at the top, could be at some natural point. 
That's my strong vote since I think her expressing more than a willingness for them to be released into the wild is what's most important. 
ARTICLE

Home / News / Denzel Shocks Libs By Backing Trump In Beyond Epic Way, He Just Shredded Obama Denzel Shocks Libs By Backing Trump In Beyond Epic Way, He Just Shredded Obama fisher 2 hours ago News Comments Off on Denzel Shocks Libs By Backing Trump In Beyond Epic Way, He Just Shredded Obama Denzel Shocks Libs By Backing Trump In Beyond Epic Way, He Just Shredded Obama 
Two time Academy Award winning actor Denzel Washington has been at the top of Hollywood's A list since his breakthrough role in the stirring Civil War film Glory . 
He's the type of actor who you can imagine as being down to earth off screen, as he abides by his deep Christian faith and is never caught doing trashy behavior like so many others in liberal Hollywood. 
It shouldn't be a huge surprise to us, then, that Denzel would turn against braindead liberals in Hollywood and support our President-Elect Donald Trump . 
Washington praised Trump at the expense of job-destroyer Barack Obama recently, saying, 'We need more and more jobs. He's hired more employees, more people, than anyone I know in the world.' 
Washington has stated that he feels a 'personal face along with God,' and he is thrilled that the Republican party with its strong Christian values has returned to power in our country. Do you agree with Denzel Washington? 
ARTICLE

Home / News / WATCH '“ Video Leaked From Obama's 2008 Campaign Is Every Trump Hater's Worst Nightmare WATCH '“ Video Leaked From Obama's 2008 Campaign Is Every Trump Hater's Worst Nightmare fisher 6 mins ago News , USA , World Comments Off on WATCH '“ Video Leaked From Obama's 2008 Campaign Is Every Trump Hater's Worst Nightmare WATCH '“ Video Leaked From Obama 's 2008 Campaign Is Every Trump Hater's Worst Nightmare 
These days it has most certainly become chic for the modern liberal to throw about accusations of racism. Although this type of race-baiting has been going on for a number of years now, it became more noticeable during the 2016 U.S. presidential election. When these liberals accuse Donald Trump of being racist, they had better be careful for one specific reason: 
A leaked video from 2008 shows that during President Obama 's first campaign, he was also concerned about border security, and he even suggested a wall! Now, there is just one dominant question anti- Trump individuals need to digest: 
Is Obama a racist too? Because he was talking about some things you could easily accuse Trump of. Let's play a quick game. If you didn't know who said this, would you think it was Donald Trump in 2016 or Barack Obama in 2008? 
This man's core goal was to 'preserve the integrity of our borders to reduce illegal immigration.' Does this sound like Trump or Obama ? 
How about this one? This man said, 'additional fencing could help get our border under control.' Definitely sounds more like a GOP candidate than a Democrat one, that's for sure. 
Finally, this man also supported 'additional personnel, infrastructure, and technology on our border and at ports of entry.' Liberals would love to claim these quotes came from Donald J. Trump , especially considering he is the villain du jour in their lives at the moment. 
I hate to steal their thunder, but these quotes did indeed come from a young Barack Obama in 2008. Even he understood the need for a controlled border before the special interests in this country got to him. 
So, it is one thing when leaked videos show Hillary Clinton believed border security was important. It was entirely another when they showed that her husband thought it was important, but when liberal idol Barack Obama says it? Say it isn't so! Liberals just can't handle that. 
But anyway, folks, it is all about platforms. I'm sure you have learned by now that Donald Trump doesn't get the free pass other politicians in this country enjoy. First of all, he is a conservative, so he is already someone every liberal loves to hate. 
Republicans have been so badly demonized in this country simply for desiring to get it under control. Luckily, people saw through the propaganda and decided that Obama 's brand was simply not working any longer. 
People are fed up with politicians who say one thing and do another. If you are looking for a reason why Donald Trump is the new president and not Hillary Clinton, there you go. 
ARTICLE

Home / News / Trump prepares to fill out security, economy teams Trump prepares to fill out security, economy teams Heisenberg 11 mins ago News Comments Off on Trump prepares to fill out security, economy teams 
After a busy weekend interviewing job candidates, President-elect Donald Trump prepared Monday to begin filling out his economic and national security teams and outline his emerging White House agenda. 
'We've made a couple of deals,' Trump told reporters after a weekend of meetings with with no less than 21 job candidates at his golf resort in Bedminster, N.J. 
Transition aides said they would release a video Monday in which the president-elect discusses plans and 'legislative priorities' for the Trump administration that begins Jan. 20. 
Topics include trade, notably Trump 's opposition to the now-probably-defunct Trans-Pacific Partnership with Asian nations; energy development and 'job-killing' regulations governing shale and clean coal; national security, with an emphasis on cybersecurity; and immigration, including alleged abuse of visa programs to undercut American workers, said transition aide Jason Miller. 
Trump has more meetings on Monday, including one with Rick Perry. The former governor of Texas and ex-rival in the Republican primaries has been mentioned for a number of slots in Trump 's Cabinet, including the departments of Defense, Veterans Affairs, Energy, and Agriculture. 
The president also met with a fairly prominent Democrat: U.S. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii, who backed Bernie Sanders over Hillary Clinton during the Democratic primaries. A military veteran, Gabbard has been a vocal critic of VA medical services. 
In a statement released Monday Gabbard said 'while the rules of political expediency would say I should have refused to meet with President-elect Trump , I never have and never will play politics with American and Syrian lives. 
'President-elect Trump and I had a frank and positive conversation in which we discussed a variety of foreign policy issues in depth,' Gabbard said. 'I shared with him my grave concerns that escalating the war in Syria by implementing a so-called no fly/safe zone would be disastrous for the Syrian people, our country, and the world,' Gabbard continued. 
Also Monday Trump met with former Massachusetts senator Scott Brown. After the meeting Brown told reporters that he spoke with Trump about being head of the VA. 
'He's obviously going to take my application, or interest, under consideration. I'm glad that he called. He's going to obviously meet other folks, and we should know, I would think, probably after Thanksgiving,' Brown said. 'I think I'm the best person, but there are some tremendous people out there and I don't look at it as a competition.' 
Trump also met with Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin who said she was not offered a position but that the meeting was just a start. 
ARTICLE

Home / News / Sparks Fly as Bikers for Trump Meet Protesters Sparks Fly as Bikers for Trump Meet Protesters fisher 5 mins ago News , USA , World Comments Off on Sparks Fly as Bikers for Trump Meet Protesters Sparks Fly as Bikers for Trump Meet Protesters 
Millie Weaver interviews a flag hater disgracing the American flag. All of a sudden, a member of Bikers for Trump intervenes picking the flag up off the ground setting off commotion. This is what I'm talking about! Bikers for Trump dont mess around! These protesters have been causing all sorts of havoc over the past week since Trumps election! Its like watching a child throw a temper tantrum! Watch This video of a Patriot Biker confronting a flag hater! 
What do you think? Should burning or disgracing the flag be made a crime? 
Let us know in the comments below! In any case, I'm sure most would agree these stuck up loosers need to be stood up to, and I'm glad Bikers for Trump has stepped up to do so. 

