ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Market Manipulation , U.S. Economy Clinton Foundation , FBI warrant , investigation of Hillary , James Comey FBI , Weiner laptop admin 
Stewart Dougherty presents the 2nd part of his disembowelment of the Clinton crime machine. The Weiner email bomb dropped in the middle of this. As it turns out, the Weiner lap-top mishap appears to a 'Black Swan' of sorts that eluded Hillary's tentacles of control. In the piece below, Stewart presents useful background knowledge and intellectual tools with which to help you analyze and interpret the next sequence of events before and after the election (assuming the election is not postponed). 
The information that emerges from the Weiner laptop is going to blow people's minds – John Titus, Best Evidence Productions, in an upcoming Shadow of Truth 
Author's Preface: We are far more interested in markets than politics. To us, free markets represent liberty in motion. But today, politics, and particularly the most corrupt political institution on earth, the Federal Reserve, have markets in a hammer-lock. At this point, we have to understand what is happening in politics in order to understand what is likely to happen in markets. We write a great deal about politics at this critical juncture in order to help you understand markets and achieve the financial freedom you desire and deserve. 
Regarding the breaking Clinton-scandal developments, we believe that in addition to the 650,000 emails retrieved from the Abedin / Weiner computer which are going to show a level of corruption in this nation never before even imagined let alone proved, the FBI's decision to re-open the investigation was related to the Bundy acquittals on October 27, 2016. We believe that government officials are looking up the barrel of a full-blown American revolution. Not the shooting kind, but rather something much worse for them: complete moral rejection of government and Establishment corruption by the PRODUCTIVE CLASS in America, which threatens to rapidly spread into and cripple the American economy just ahead of the holiday selling season. 
The National Retail Federation has just reported that 25% of shoppers are waiting for the election outcome prior to deciding how much they are going to spend during the holidays, something the NRF has never seen before. If principled, productive people feel that this election was stolen from them by Clinton and Establishment corruption, they are going to shut down. They are going to WITHDRAW THEIR FINANCIAL CONSENT from a rigged, dirty system that is looting them and destroying their futures. While the government can effectively deal with many kinds of protest, it cannot even begin to deal with a general economic boycott by the productive class, even if it is just at the margin. (All profits are at the margin.) The consequences of such a boycott upon general business activity; tax receipts at all levels from municipal to federal; the stock and bond markets; and the national mood, with its extraordinarily complex and critical interconnections and ramifications would be monumental, and perhaps beyond all American precedent. 
Despite a multi-million dollar, taxpayer-funded Federal legal onslaught in the case against the Bundy's and their co-defendants, the jurors re-confirmed something communicated throughout history. Namely, that while there are a very few things that universally disgust human beings, one of them is bullies. The people are not pleased, and the Establishment knows it is in trouble. Now on to our article.] 
The Clinton Syndrome Curse: A Clinton – Obama Co-Presidency. (The Clinton Syndrome: Part 2) 
In Part 1, we defined the Clinton Syndrome as a psychological condition in which voters develop a favorable attitude toward a political predator who deceives, disdains, swindles and abuses them. It is a variant of the Stockholm Syndrome, but much larger in scope and scale, as demonstrated by the fact that tens of millions of American voters currently exhibit the pathological condition. This Syndrome was identified by Inferential Analytics (IA), an accurate and reliable forecasting method we have developed and use. You can read a detailed explanation of the syndrome in our first article on the subject: 'The Clinton Syndrome: The Establishment's Weapon for National Conquest (Part 1)' LINK 
In this article, Part 2, we delve deeper into what the 2016 presidential election is really all about, and outline the consequences that will occur should the Clinton Syndrome prevail on November 8 th . The Clinton Syndrome has resulted in a potentially deadly national disease which will wreak havoc if it spreads out of control at this time. 
We regard as an existential threat to the United States the fact that tens of millions of American voters have no idea how deeply fraudulent the entire 2016 presidential campaign has been, from the very beginning. If Donald Trump had not appeared out of nowhere, this would never have been an election at all, but rather an orchestrated, planned enablement of the Clintons and their Establishment handlers to engage in unprecedented corruption, regime change and outright plunder. 
If successful, this still-active effort to fraudulently inject the Clintons into the power seat will become a multi-trillion dollar gift to the Establishment elite who know exactly how to profit from Clinton graft and corruption; will destroy what is left of the American economy, which simply cannot sustain four more years of intense looting and fraud; and will result in the outright overthrow of the American form of governance by a deadly new political system that we call 'crony communism (outlined in our article: Crony Communism: Hillary Clinton's Game Plan for America. LINK 
The people have been so confused and deceived by the multi-billion dollar avalanche of deliberately concocted lies and propaganda about this election that they don't even know who is running for President on the Democrat ticket. 
Hillary Clinton has both a co-presidential and a vice presidential running mate, neither of which is Tim Kaine, a corrupt political suck-up and hack who was selected precisely because he will do exactly what he is told, not matter how criminal or immoral. 
Clinton's co-presidential running mate is Barack Hussein Obama; her vice-presidential candidate is the United Nations. This is the Establishment's Dream Team, cooked up to make the fastest possible progress toward their crony-communist and globalist overthrow of the United States. The Establishment realizes that the people are waking up fast to what is being done to them and their country. Therefore, they have put their corrupt machinations into high gear in order to beat the clock, which is ticking loudly. 
When people say that a vote for Clinton means four more years of Obama, they have their arithmetic wrong. A Clinton victory means eight more years of Obama in the next four, and a total knock-out for the nation. 
The Mainstream Media's (MSM) deliberately false narrative is that Obama has been campaigning non-stop for Clinton because he wants to protect his 'legacy,' and believes that Clinton will do this for him. 
This is yet another of the 'Big Lie' mind bombs that have been dropped onto the American people's heads during this colossally fraudulent, dishonest and propagandistic Establishment onslaught to get Clinton elected. 
This narrative is meant to suggest that Barrack Obama wants to retire, and then ride out the rest of his life looking upon his 'legacy.' 
There are two problems with this story. First, Obama's legacy is already blowing up in his and the entire nation's face, so there is nothing Clinton will be able to do to salvage it. Obamacare and the Iran Deal are just two examples among dozens of the collapse of Obama's so-called legacy, which would much better be called a national damnation. 
The second problem is that Obama is only 55 years old and has not given even ONE indication our model can detect that he actually wants or intends to retire. (Soros, one of his champions, is 86 years old and still wreaking havoc worldwide. These people never stop until the Reaper drops in.) In fact, what we see in Obama is the exact opposite: he demonstrates a strong desire not only to remain on the political stage, but to assume a larger presence upon it. 
Speaking at a rally in Philadelphia on September 13, 2016 (while Hillary was at home recovering from 'pneumonia'), Obama said, 'It's good to be back on the campaign trail.' He then said, 'I really, really, REALLY want to elect Hillary Clinton.' (Please carefully consider that sentence, because it is a textbook example (although just one of hundreds over the years) of Obama's pathological Narcissistic Personality Disorder (NPD). He did not say, 'I really, really, REALLY want YOU [the people to whom he was speaking] to elect Hillary Clinton,' but rather, 'I really, really, REALLY want to elect Hillary Clinton,' making the people's national election all about himself. Comments such as this are extraordinarily important to our analysis, and their significance has been borne out time and again over our 15+ years of doing this work. Paradoxically, the smallest factors often have the greatest implications. 
Later in the same speech, Obama boasted (our comments added within brackets): 'More Americans are working [in part time, minimum wage jobs], more have [100% subsidized] health care, incomes are rising [for the establishment elite], poverty is falling [according to false, politically doctored numbers] and gas is $2.00 a gallon. Thanks, Obama!!!' In Obama's narcissistically crippled mind, the entire United States economy is a function of one thing and one thing only: him. Narcissists in positions of power are extremely destructive (e.g. Obamacare), because they are completely out of touch with what is happening in the real, as opposed their self-flattering fantasy world. In any event, this kind of campaign bragging, swagger and grandiosity is not indicative of someone who plans to retire from politics in the next few weeks. 
Obama's clear desire to remain in the game makes him valuable to Clinton, while also making Clinton valuable to him. Intersecting motives are where deals get done. And a Clinton – Obama collaboration would be ideal for the Establishment. Obama has been the gift that keeps on giving to the elite, as they have raked in trillions from his presidency. They want as much of Obama as they can get, because he is a money machine. (For example, witness Obama's continuing efforts to ram the TPP, an Establishment fraud against the people, down the nation's throat. Obama does whatever the Establishment tells him to do, in the full knowledge his 'Library' Slush Fund will be richly rewarded for his efforts, just as the Clinton Slush Fund has been enriched by more than $1.8 billion, with a 'b,' for the Clinton sell-out of people to the elite.) 
Obama is the most internationally-traveled president in the nation's history, having made 51 international trips to 56 different countries during his two terms in office. It is as if he has been running for international office, and now we can see that he has been. His globetrotting has required strength, stamina and energy, the exact physical attributes that Clinton, who has been pictured requiring assistance to climb a short set of stairs, lacks. Given her health issues, Clinton cannot possibly perform on a global stage going forward; she will be lucky to successfully navigate the White House. 
This presents a problem. For the Establishment agenda to be fully executed, Clinton needs international support, and ideally, that international mandates be imposed upon the United States. But she will not be capable of traveling internationally to seal the deals that must get done. 
This is where Obama comes in. While he would never step 'backwards' into a role such as, for example, Secretary of State (an ego-wounding demotion), his passion for continued political involvement would find an excellent home at the United Nations. 
In this Inferential Analytics scenario, Hillary Clinton will get Obama placed in a high level United Nations position. The United States pays for roughly 25% of total United Nations annual budget, far more than any other nation, and still has clout even though more and more countries are turning their backs on America. 
Other nations would support the idea of a senior role for Obama if it were made clear to them that his mission would be to continue the 'fundamental transformation' of the United States that he promised during his 2008 campaign and has been conducting ever since. This 'transformation' has done extreme damage to the United States, and while it has been a disaster for America, it has been good for the rest of the world. Finally, they see a means by which to bring the United States to heel. The idea of the further weakening of the United States will sound to them like a very good deal. The one assurance they will seek is that in exchange for giving Obama an important role at the U.N., Obama will get Clinton to agree not to incinerate the northern hemisphere in a nuclear war, at least not until they have finalized their preparations for it. 
A Clinton – Obama co-presidency will be a double body-blow to the nation, with Clinton turning it into a corrupt, crony-communist Establishment lootocracy from within, and Obama destroying it from without. 
Leveraging the United Nations, Clinton and Obama can effect two personal agendas they have long sought: gun control, and a multi-million person 'open borders' invasion of America. The first agenda will disarm the people, which has been Job #1 in every communist takeover in history; the second will ensure that the 'Last American Presidential Election' occurs on November 8, 2016. In the future, presidents and all other politicians and government agency heads will be appointed by the Establishment, exactly as happens in communist regimes. While there might be 'show elections,' the outcomes will have been pre-determined at every level far in advance. 
A Clinton – Obama co-presidency will also ensure that other Establishment objectives are met. These include the institution of carbon taxes (an enormous and unprecedented new revenue source and looting opportunity); the passage of the TPP (an Establishment bonanza); and the maximum-possible imposition of the New World Order regime change agenda upon the nations and their people. 
While Obama could advance the Establishment's aims in virtually any high level position at the U.N., a role that would make him particularly deadly at the outset would be Co-chair of the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR), joining current head Filippo Grandhi. 
Obama could make his appointment a matter of smooth sailing by stating his belief that the United States is a large, wealthy, relatively under-populated nation that could rapidly absorb a large number of immigrants. By promising to tap into the country's private wealth, Obama could warrant that all new immigrants would be fully covered by the country's comprehensive welfare system upon arrival, which is exactly what happens today. This idea would be intoxicating to the new Secretary General of the United Nations, Antonio Guterres, who was the former head of the UNHCR and is an avowed socialist. 
The United Nations currently reports the existence of more than 60,000,000 displaced persons and refugees in the world. If the United States pledged to take in, say, 5,000,000 of them, senior U.N. officials would be delighted. What would they have to lose? Dealing with the integration and cost issues would be America's problem, not theirs. The U.N. could pass a resolution, written by Obama in such a way as to make it convertible into an Executive Order by Clinton, mandating the acceptance of these refugees by the United States. Clinton would put up her hands and say, 'I didn't do it. The U.N. did it, and we must do our 'fair share,' while also complying with international law and being decent and responsible international citizens.' 
As we have pointed out in the past, the United States government is irredeemably bankrupt by any accounting definition one wishes to use. With $20,000,000,000,000.00 in on-the-books debt, another $10,000,000,000,000.00 in debt projected to be added over the next decade (it will be far greater than this, given current trends), and at the very minimum another $120,000,000,000,000.00 in unfunded debt and contingent liabilities, there is absolutely no way the government can ever pay its obligations. So you might wonder, how could the government possibly pay for an immigrant invasion of this magnitude? 
The answer is, the government won't pay for it; the people will. This is what crony communism is all about. It is estimated that today, there is roughly $70 trillion in private wealth in America. Assuming that half of it, or $35 trillion belongs to the cronies and is off-limits, this leaves $35 trillion that is available for expropriation and looting. While this is certainly not enough to fix America's fiscal problems, not even close, it could fund 4 years' worth of radical fiscal adventurism as well as crony communism regime change. 
As Hillary Clinton has repeatedly said during this campaign, 'We are going to go where the money is,' and if you don't take that statement seriously, we believe you are making a very big mistake. She and top colleagues such as Sanders and Warren have said in plain English, at a high decibel level that they are coming for your money, and they are, because in their minds, you don't deserve to have any. Just as Obama once famously said, in a rare, honest, off-script, non-tele-prompted moment, 'If you have a business, you didn't build that,' he and his fellow crony communists also believe, 'If you have saved some after-tax money, you don't deserve to have that.' To them, any savings you possess represent funds the government should have gotten its hands in the first tax cycle, but didn't. They intend to rectify that error going forward. 
We have outlined this theme to demonstrate that this election is about an agenda that very few people understand, because it has deliberately been withheld from them. In actuality, the voters have no idea what Clinton truly stands for, or what the Establishment agenda, which she fully believes in and will implement, really is. The stakes in this election are therefore greater than those of any other election in our nation's history, in our view. This is why the Establishment has spent billions of dollars rigging it. They intend to collect trillions in plunder on the other side, but they can only do so if it goes their way. As we have already seen, they will stop at nothing to get what they want. 
Some Implications of a Clinton – Obama Co-presidency: 
Here is a snapshot of the forecast generated by IA in the event of a Clinton – Obama victory: The Clinton – Obama Co-presidential regime will be the most secretive and non-transparent presidency in U.S. history. Clinton will become invisible, just as she often has during the campaign, not just for health reasons, but because she will turn her back on everyday citizens, whom she disdains, once she gets the prize she has sought her entire life. Obama will make secret deals all over the world (think of the secret Iran cash payments and deal, and his behind-the-scenes agitating for TPP, but on a much larger scale, as illustrations). Every one of these deals will be a dagger in the nation's back. The American people will never again know the truth about what actually goes on behind government doors, or about the corruption that infects the entire political and establishment system. The political class will never again allow itself to suffer Wikileaks-like exposure. Politics will shift to a CIA-like 'need to know' model, where information is doled out selectively and in piece-parts. Only a very few at the top will know the overall agenda, and the full set of tactics being employed to achieve it. Anyone who compromises or exposes the system will simply be executed. (Seth Rich comes to mind.) Going forward, the people will know absolutely nothing about what is really happening in Washington, D.C., or about the D.C. / Wall Street and Establishment initiatives. Orwell's prophecy, '1984,' which is already quite real, will become even more so. The United States will experience an accelerating Brain Drain. Forward-thinking people will realize that America's slide into predatory crony-communism can and will never be reversed, and that it will be impossible for them and their loved ones to get ahead in such a corrupt, suffocating environment. (Imagine being scolded, lectured, insulted and talked down to on a regular basis by people like Clinton, Obama and Warren, because that is exactly what will happen.) Progressive countries will put out the welcome mat for hard-working, principled, skilled, entrepreneurial Americans. No one will want America's whining, lazy, non-productive, 'entitled' mooches. That's just a fact. Virtually every nation anyone would actually want to move to for a better opportunity grades potential immigrants according to age, education, language proficiency, skills and likelihood to be productive. Prospects are disqualified if they do not earn a sufficient score. No sensible nation on earth wants to bring in do-nothings whose only capability is to leech off its producers. Productive Americans who remain in the country for their own reasons will quietly adopt a John Galt mindset, sidestepping the corruption and crony communist expropriation by shutting down, dropping out and fading off the radar screen. This will result in an immediate slow-down of business activity, which will ultimately lead to economic collapse. Given that all profits are at the margin, relatively small percentage declines in sales can entirely wipe out income. The John Galt effect will result in the collapse of the nation's many Ponzi schemes, such as Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, pensions (government and private) and the biggest one of all, Government Debt. These schemes simply cannot be maintained in a dramatically slowing business environment, no matter how much private wealth is looted. Government will take draconian steps to shut down all non-government-sanctioned news and information outlets. Their prime target will be the Alternative Media, which will only be further empowered, and embraced by the people. A powerful Resistance movement will spread like wildfire. Nonetheless, people should fill their minds with as much truth as they possibly can right now, because it will become much harder and more expensive to find in the future. Today's Alternative Media is the greatest gift any people in history have ever received, and people should leverage it as best they can while they can. A steady retreat by government officials and establishment elitists to their multi-trillions of dollars' worth of taxpayer-funded bunkers will occur, as they seek to hide from the American people, who will be waking up by the additional tens of thousands every day. A Federal Reserve December rate hike has a 0% chance of happening if Clinton is elected; there is a 100% chance of a rate hike if Trump is elected. The Fed is a totally political organization, and they will do everything they can to punish the voters and scorch the economic earth if the people choose Trump over the Establishment agenda the Fed has been 100% behind. If Clinton wins, people will IMMEDIATELY be bombarded with MSM reports about the implications of the 2016 election upon the 2018 mid-term and 2020 general elections. This will be part of a full-scale effort to inject mass quantities of Hopium into the Trump supporters' brains, and get them to focus not upon the rigged election of 2016, but on the 'next' election where, they will falsely be told, their vote will 'really count!' In the meantime, the Establishment will be doing everything necessary to ensure that the 2018 and 2020 'elections' are completely rigged, fraudulent and meaningless. A massive move into real money will begin, and this will be the subject of our next article. There are developments in this sphere that you must know about, and one of the most important Inferential Analytics themes we have ever examined was triggered on October 27, 2016. We will have a full description in the next week or so. 
In conclusion, the 2016 election is an existential event for the United States. W believe that the situation is becoming so unstable that you have little time to do everything you can to prepare, and get your personal houses in order. We are writing to help as best we can, while we can. 
Stewart Dougherty 
Stewart Dougherty is the creator of Inferential Analytics, a forecasting method that applies to events proprietary, time-tested principles of human instinct, desire and action. In his view, forecasting methods not fundamentally based upon principles of human action are unlikely to be reliable over time. He is a graduate of Tufts University and Harvard Business School and has developed IA over a period of 15+ years. 
October 31, 2016
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Market Manipulation , U.S. Economy Anthony Wiener , Clinton Foundation , neocons admin 
The propaganda machine in place that pervades the western hemiphere military and economic bloc was developed by Edward Bernays. Bernays was Sigmund Freud's nephew. His propaganda theories were adopted by the Third Reich, U.S. Corporations, the U.S. military and Deep State and the media. The article below will help explain the current domestic political chaos in this country as well as the re-emergence of the Cold War between the U.S. neocon warmonger and Russia. 
Inside the Invisible Government: War, Propaganda, Clinton & Trump Bernays' influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was 'engineering the consent' of people in order to 'control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it'. He described this as 'the true ruling power in our society' and called it an 'invisible government' . Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged . 
Read the rest of this analysis here: LINK Share this:
ARTICLE

Financial Markets Clinton Foundation , Hillary emails , Huma Abedin , Jim Comey , Weiner laptop admin 
Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall (King James Bible). Throughout recorded history, hubris has been the Achilles' Heel of political despots. Hillary Clinton and her political crime machine has been operating above the law for decades, stretching back at least to when Bill Clinton was Governor of Arkansas. 'Hillary Clinton is a toilet scrubber for Goldman Sachs' – John Titus on the Shadow of Truth 
During her 2016 Presidential Campaign, it became routine for her get in front the public and lie with convincing ease. In Greek tragedy, 'hubris' was an anti-hero's excessive pride toward or defiance of the gods, leading to the character's unforeseen demise. 
When Hillary was deposed by the FBI about the 33,000 emails on her private server that were wiped clean forever using BleachBit, she assumed her tracks were irrevocably covered up. But it wasn't just 33,000 emails that were incinerated, reams of evidence including laptops, server back-ups and Blackberries either 'disappeared' or were wiped clean. 
Out of the blue, as if sent to earth from a Higher Power, the FBI in its child pornography investigation of Anthony Weiner stumbled on to a laptop with 650,000 emails that appeared to have been downloaded from Hillary Clinton's private server. It is highly probable that among this treasure trough of emails will be copies of the 33,000 emails that Hillary arrogantly assumed were wiped from the Universe. Hubris gets 'em every time. 
But it gets better than that. 650,000 is a decade's worth of emails. It's also possible that Weiner's laptop will finally shed the light of Truth on Benghazi. 'Jim Comey did not re-open this investigation of to go over old ground. Worse infractions were discovered.' – John Titus 
In addition to exposing Hillary to all sorts of felonies, her statement to the FBI under oath undermined by this unforeseen 'Black Swan' event that has engulfed her campaign. 
The Shadow of Truth is pleased to present John Titus of Best Evidence productions adds his unique insight into this event. The two-part podcast covers analysis that has not been presented in either the mainstream or alternative media: Share this:
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Gold , Market Manipulation , Precious Metals , U.S. Economy dollar collapse , silver , silver eagles , stock bubble admin 
Gold is powering higher because the dollar is dropping. The dollar index is down 1.7% in the last 3 1/2 trading sessions. It's down 2.3% vs the euro in the last 5 1/2 days, down 2.1% vs the yen in the last 3 days and down nearly 2% vs. the Swissie since Sunday night. 
This is NOT about the political chaos connected to the U.S. election. That's a sideshow distraction to the real problems going on behind the scene. 
The U.S. economy is starting to collapse. This is becoming glaringly evident from most of the data, notwithstanding the highly manipulated economic reports like auto sales. 
The movement back into non-fiat assets is starting again – anything connected to debt, like housing, is a de facto fiat asset. The best indicator of this is not gold, but silver. Silver was correlating with SPX for most of October, when the investment 'thesis' was 'a strengthening economy is good for industrial metals.' 
The graph below illustrates this. It shows silver's movement vs. the SPX for the last 3 months: 
Silver correlated almost perfectly with the movement of the SPX for most of October (shaded area on the graph). But silver has moved up while the SPX has been selling off (including today, Nov 2nd) the past 4 trading sessions. This signals a switch from silver performing as an 'industrial' metal to silver functioning as a 'monetary' metal. 
Certainly based on the gold-silver ratio, silver is extraordinarily cheap to gold and thus represents a prototypical 'value' trade as the markets begin to accept and reflect economic reality and reject the politically-charge propaganda about a 'healthy' economy coming from the Fed, the White House and the Democratic candidates. 
IRD sponsor's the Mining Stock Journal , which provides unique commentary and insight into the precious metals and mining stock market. It also presents typically an under-followed junior mining stock investment idea and, when warranted, large-cap trade. A few issues ago I recommended First Majestic calls. As of today, those calls are up over 50% from offer side at issue to bid side right now. New subscribers also receive all of the back-issues. You can subscribe by clicking here: Mining Stock Journal. Share this:
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Gold , Market Manipulation , Precious Metals Comex , gold silver ratio , Junior mining stocks , LBMA , Shanghai Gold Exchange , silver eagles admin 
In the absence of the extreme degree of price intervention being conducted by the western Central Banks and bullion banks in the paper gold and silver markets, the price of both precious metals would be several multiples higher. That this intervention occurs not only has become overtly visible to all market participants, but recent prosecution/settlement events have rendered this assertion indisputable. 
After a massive move that started in mid-December 2015, the sector began selling-off in early July. This correction was a function of both characteristic market technicals and conspicuous paper market manipulation in the New York and London paper gold/silver 'markets.' 
But after nearly five years of oppressive, unfettered market manipulation, the physical market has put a floor beneath the market. After a price 'correction' of 8% in gold and 16% in silver, the metals are now ready to go higher from here. This was 'telegraphed' by the recent price-action in the junior mining stocks as represented by the GDXJ junior mining stock index: 
The junior mining stocks – especially the smaller exploration companies – similarly signaled the move higher in the metals ahead of the rest of the sector beginning in early December 2015. 
While the Central Banks would love nothing more right now than to take gold and silver down to zero, the markets – driven by the physical deliver bullion markets in the eastern hemisphere, appear to want the market to move higher. The sequence of trading events beginning yesterday through today illustrates this dynamic. 
After a big rally in the mining stocks and metals in the first half of the trading on Wednesday, the miners slammed after the FOMC meeting statement was released in the afternoon. The HUI was taken down from its high of 226 (up 7 pts) to close down down 4 points at 215. This signaled a likely price ambush in the metals, which occurred just after midnight EST, taking December gold down $14 from $1301 to $1287 – silver was taken below $18. 
The mind-set going into the NYSE was that the HUI would get slammed again. But the market had different ideas. The HUI began moving up at the open. It's been up as much as 2.5% from yesterday's close. Shortly thereafter, the metals began to rally as well. Historically, after a reversal like yesterday, the metals and miners typically continue lower for at least few days. But with the mining stocks leading the way, it is highly probable that the next move from here will be higher (with plenty of manipulated volatility, of course). 
In today's episode of the Shadow of Truth, we explain why the precious metals sector has shifted into a trend in which every price pullback should be used to accumulate and add to positions in gold, silver and your favorite mining stocks. Share this:
ARTICLE

Time limit is exhausted. Please reload CAPTCHA. six − five = Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. CLICK IMAGE FOR BITGOLD The Next Bull Market In Mining Stocks Is Here Paypal Account Is Not Required Kinder Morgan Report Paypal Account Is Not Required AmazonDotCon Paypal Account Is Not Required Get E-mail Alerts
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Gold , Market Manipulation , U.S. Economy Banana Republic , Clinton Foundation , Hillary emails , Podesta emails , the rapture admin Must have been some kind of time/space warp while we slept last night… today Obama says if illegals vote they become a citizen and the NY Post headline is the Filipino maid who printed Hillary's classified emails then Comey bails on 650,000 damning emails. F#%k me Dave, I feel like I'm on LSD. – email from a reader 
About 12 years ago I was chatting with the friend who dragged me feet-first into the 'dark side' and the world of precious metals in 2001. We were discussing Eastman Kodak's likely demise a few years before the Company went into the tank. We knew a 2008-type event was going to happen at some point. At the time, we said that eventually we would see events occur in this country that would blow our minds. Mind you, this was a couple years after Enron, 9/11 (which we knew was a Government false-flag operation), Bernie Madoff and the U.S.' illegal invasion based on admitted (eventually) lies propagated by Colin Powell. 
I have to say, the way in which Hillary Clinton's criminal organization has gained complete control over the political and justice system and the media in this country is truly mind-blowing. Hillary is a criminally insane sociopath. That point is unequivocally inarguable. But the true Devil in her organization is John Podesta, who's persona has been made available to anyone willing to spend time reading just a portion of the 'Podesta' emails given to us by Wikileaks. There are 691,200 seconds in 8 days. FBI Director Comey reviewed 650,000 emails in 8 days? An email per second? Americans aren't stupid! – tweet from Bernard Kerik, ex-NYPD Commissioner 
If anyone knows about corrupt organizations, it's an NYPD Commissioner – the NYPD being one of the most internally corrupt law enforcement organizations around. It's great when ex-insiders blow the whistle on others when the agenda of those others do not fit that of the ex-insider's 'team.' 
The manner in which Jim Comey has folded is beyond stunning. I'm not sure there's anyone who cares about this matter who believes that Comey was able to parse through over 650,000 emails in 8 days in order to determine that Hillary did not commit 'intent' in her email escapades. 
Hillary's email trail made available to the public is a fascinating trail of criminality. I doubt James Patterson, John Grisham and Robert Ludlum could combine resources and make up a crime tale as intriguing as Hillary's. 
The evidence piling up against Hillary is breathtaking. According to the recently released Podesta emails, the Clinton Foundation has been used for everything except funding charitable causes, including paying for Chelsea's wedding and funding Chelsea's husband's failed hedge fund. If I were not able to laugh at this insanity, I'd be suicidal… 
I think most Americans who are being honest with themselves are fully aware of the fact that Hillary Clinton is likely the most corrupt politician in U.S. history. If anything, the election of Hillary Clinton is a symptom that the end is near for the United States. 
I am convinced that we are at a pivotal moment in American history, and if the American people willingly choose Hillary Clinton it will be an indication that there is zero hope for the future of this nation. 
The above quote is an excerpt from a must-read essay written by Michael Snyder: I Just Lost All Faith In Our Deeply Corrupt Legal System… 
I urge everyone to read Snyder's commentary.
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Market Manipulation , U.S. Economy Cheryl Mills , Clinton Foundation , Hillary emails , Jim Comey , John Podesta , Wiener laptop admin 
An investor in Dave's fund emailed him asking which way Colorado would vote tomorrow. He replied: 'Depends on who counts the votes. I don't believe this is a fair election. I think the Clinton crime machine, with the help of George Soros and a few others, have everything under their control now.' 
After taking the better part of a year to sift through 55,000 emails in analyzing Hillary Clinton's behavior with regard to conducting classified Government business on her private server – which apparently was accessible to hackers and, surreptitiously, by Anthony Wieners porn laptop – Jim Comey determined in 8 days that 650,000 emails downloaded from Hillary's private server were not relevant. 
Sorry Jim, that's impossible to believe. One highly plausible is that operatives in the Deep State shut down the FBI investigation in order to preserve the treasure trove of material that will give it power over Clinton's Presidency. The SoT was perplexed by this, so we asked John Titus his take on this. His answer was quite compelling: Here's what I'm reasonably sure of, based on experience. (1) Jim Comey looked sick when, at the conclusion of round one, and having proven beyond all doubt that Hillary violateed 18 U.S.C 793(f), he said no reasonable prosecutor would charge her. He wasn't acting. Bad acting comes right through camera lens, and that man looked like he was about to vomit when he left that dais; (2) it took the FBI a year to conclude round one of its investigation, which was based on its review of 55,000 emails; (3) Comey had promised to get back to congress should more info arise, and when 650,000 unexpected emails showed up, he made good on his word by letting congress know; and (4) the FBI terminated its investigation LONG before reviewing 650,000 emails. I once reviewed 250,000 documents on a case, Based on the foregoing, SOMEONE got to Comey—somewhere along the line. For all I know, though, the whole thing was scripted from start to finish, and Comey read his script at every point along the way, even when it physically disgusted him in round one. So while you might be right about the time, I think if the Deep State made a move on Comey, it happened awhile ago. That's wholly speculative on my part. You could well be right that they got to him just recently. I just doubt it. I think he's the Company Man because he's a company man. For DAMN SURE you're right about holding Hillary hostage, but she's so evil it's like throwing a pedophile into a daycare center with no supervision, the shades drawn and the doors locked. 
With that as the preface, today's episode of the Shadow of Truth discussed the latest development in the HRC Crime Family saga: Share this:
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Gold , Market Manipulation , Precious Metals , U.S. Economy gold coins , money supply , silver eagles , stock bubble admin 
Short answer: No. 
A local financial advisor texted me today asking what I thought gold would do if Hillary wins today. Obviously he's been reading the pedestrian analysis on the topic that has flooded the mainstream media. 
But gold doesn't care who wins. The United States is beset with unsolvable financial and economic issues that will require a systemic reset. The amount of funded Treasury debt outstanding since Obama took office has doubled to $20 trillion. So much for his claim that he reduced the spending deficit. But the result would have been the same if McCain had won in 2008 or if Romney had won in 2012. 
Stocks and bonds are historically overvalued. While the accounting standards have been substantially liberalized thereby enabling companies to artificially boost earnings with gimmicks, using comparable accounting rules to compare now to any other market top in history would show that current valuation ratios are significantly higher than at any other time in the history of U.S. markets. The bond argument is easy: interest rates are at or near all-time lows. Rates can only go higher which means bond prices can only go lower (unless artificially taken negative by the Fed, which would cause gold to go parabolic) . 
With fiat paper assets at historically overvalued levels, gold and silver are highly undervalued relative to financial assets and in relation to the quantity of paper money, where the quantity paper money is currency issued plus credit outstanding. The latter is included because debt functions exactly like currency until it's repaid. Guess what? This country has not reduced the cumulative public and private debt outstanding in the post-World War Two period. The small 'blip' indicating overall debt declined in 2010 reflects massive banking sector write-offs and debt-forgiveness, both of which were monetized by the Fed. As long as the level of debt increases, credit outstanding needs to be included in the money supply. 
The bottom line is that gold is going to move much higher in value relative to the dollar regardless of which candidate or which party controls the political process. The laws of nature and economics remain constant throughout history. When the Central Bank and Government market intervention eventually fails and these laws reassert their force – which they always do – the 'money' that floods out of stocks and bonds will flood into physical gold silver. Share this:
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Gold , Market Manipulation , Precious Metals , U.S. Economy admin 
And the Devil lost. 
The 'Deplorables' came out and voted against HRC. They didn't vote for Trump. They voted against the corrupt DC/Wall Street Establishment and against the Democratic National Committee criminal enterprise. The Dems could have put just about anyone else up against Trump and won. 
We knew what we were getting with Hillary Clinton: the reincarnation of Al Capone. We don't know what we'll get with Trump. But can it be any worse than what we've had for the last 16 years? A Clinton victory would have sealed that fate. At least with Trump there's some small chance that the forces at work destroying the U.S. middle class will be halted. 
Unfortunately the mainstream media was successful at smearing Trump and building a false narrative about Hillary Clinton. But Americans vote with their wallet and the fact that Trump won Wisconsin – the first time in 32 years that State voted for the Republican candidate – and the fact that Trump took most of the Rust Belt States reflects a middle class that is far worse off now than it was 8 years ago. And Hillary was correctly perceived as the candidate who was going to perpetuate the policies that are destroying this country. 
The truth is that not much will change under Trump. The U.S. is enveloped in a systemic collapse – financial, economic, social and political – that is an inevitability regardless of who or which party occupies the Oval Office. 
The United States has operated like a giant Ponzi scheme for several decades – a Ponzi scheme fueled by debt, fraud and overt corruption. When a Ponzi scheme fails nothing can stop its collapse. The U.S. has crossed that Rubicon – but long before the Loch Ness Monster defeated the Devil. Share this:
ARTICLE

  U.S. Economy Clinton Foundation , new world order , Trump admin Tyranny is defined as that which is legal for the Government but illegal for the citizenry – Thomas Jefferson 
The mainstream media tried it's hardest to persuade the public that Hillary was a lock to win the election. Even the nefarious George Soros asserted confidently that Trump might win the popular election but Hillary would win the Electoral College. 
But apparently the voters just weren't ready for a tyrannical President yet. The perception of the two candidates shaped by the mainstream media led the unsuspecting – if not comatose – public to believe that Hillary Clinton was some liberal angel who would save the country from reality and that Trump is some kind of fascist monster who is going to force everyone with slightly tinted skin to leave the country. 
Of course, nothing could be farther from the truth. Lost in the shuffle is the fact that the Dragon Lady, reincarnated, hid behind the veil of the tax-free status of the Clinton Foundation to steal $100's of millions from the taxpayers and the Saudi royal family (the Huma Abedin connection, which is why she is Hillary's 'Igor') and move it into the bank accounts of the Clinton family and friends of the Clinton family. The taxpayers got nothing in return – the Saudi family got use of the U.S. military to attack Syria. 
Phony polls are just another form of insidious propaganda – it's a tool designed to persuade the masses to go the direction of the poll and discourage the other side from voting. It worked for Hitlery and the DNC against Bernie in California. But the people woke up enough to see through the ruse in the big election. 
The election results on Tuesday were not about giving Trump or the Republican Party a political and economic policy mandate. The only mandate issued on Tuesday – quite loud and clear – was this: 'Someone please stop Washington DC and Wall Street from date-raping us in the bodily area where waste exits.' That was it. Obama had the same mandate in 2008 and completely betrayed his supporters. 
Judging from the early indications from the Trump camp regarding Trump's likely cabinet and advisor appointments, it's going to be out with the old and in with the old. Currently it appears as if the new Attorney General will be Rudy Guiliani, who is a blatant Establishment hack; Larry Kudlow as an advisor, who is the worst economist in modern era; and Jamie Dimon, CEO, JP Morgan/Chase – who should be in jail – and Goldman Sachs alumnus Steven Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary. More of the same. Neocon elitists, Establishment apologists and Wall Street thieves. 
The Shadow of Truth hosted special guest, Eric Dubin of The News Doctors to review and dissect what happened on Tuesday evening. Unfortunately, it's not difficult to conclude that not much will change when Obama hands the Oval Office wand to Trump: Share this:
ARTICLE

Financial Markets admin 
The good news is that Hillary lost but the bad news is that Trump won. 
A massive take-down of the gold and silver markets was put into action shortly after it became obvious that Trump was going to take the election, shortly after midnight EST. Gold had finished soaring about $64 when early returns indicated the possibility of an upset. So why was gold methodically disemboweled once Trump emerged as the official winner? 
Contrary to all the propaganda smoke being blown from the right and the left, Trump won because of economics. Going back to 1932, in any Presidential election year in which the growth in real disposable income was less than 3.1%, the incumbent party holding the White House lost the White House – in 2016 the official real disposable income growth has been 2.33%. Please re-read that fact and let it sink in. There's been six elections in which this occurred – this table was sourced from John Wiliams' Shadowstats.com: 
In other words, people vote with their wallets. The reason gold has been inexorably smashed in the paper markets – along with the Dow and S&P 500 manipulated higher – is nothing more than a form of propaganda in an attempt to make the public believe that a Trump presidency is a good thing – that Trump can save the economy from collapse. Jim Sinclair refers to this as 'MOPE:' Management of Perception Economics. It's the Central Planners' signal that they still intend to continue stealing your wealth. They don't care who is sitting in the Oval Office. 
The takedown in gold included cooperation from India's Prime Minister – a western elitist lapdog – who 'coincidentally' removed large denomination currency bills from the banking system last week in an attempt to curtail the Indian public's current voracious appetite for physical gold. Removing this element from the global market last week enabled the Fed and bullion banks to bombard the Comex and LBMA with massive amounts of paper gold derivatives to push down the price of gold. 
Of course, the shenanigans in the west have stimulated demand for gold even more in the Asian markets. Last night the market premium in Viet Nam soared to over $91. Premiums this high in Viet Nam have not been seen since at least 2011. On the Shanghai Gold Exchange the market premium soared to $12.47 above world gold – on Friday it was $8.20. It is rare when the premium gets this high on the SGE and signals very heavy demand. 
In today's episode of the Shadow of Truth, we put closure – at least for us – on last week's election and we explain why Trump has no intentions of 'draining the Swamp' and why the current take-down in the price of gold and silver is setting the market up for a much bigger move higher: Share this:
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Housing Market , U.S. Economy foreclosures , Housing bubble , mortgage rates admin 
You wouldn't know it from the housing industry organizations, Wall Street or the media propaganda, but the housing market is starting to unravel. It does not matter which person or political party occupies the White House and Capitol Hill. The debt orgy that followed the Fed's QE program is now showing visible signs of unintended but inevitable consequences and it's beginning smell a lot like 2008. 
Per RealtyTrac , U.S. foreclosure activity increased 27% from September to October. Foreclose starts posted the biggest monthly increase since…December 2008. Scheduled foreclosure auctions posted the biggest monthly increase since 2006. The data is even more startling in certain States. Foreclosures in Colorado jumped 64% in October from September and foreclosure starts soared 71%. Colorado tends to be an economic and demographic bellweather State. In the housing bubble 1.0, foreclosure activity in Colorado began to accelerate before it hit all the other major MSAs. 
Just in time for foreclose activity to ramp up, the Obama Government rolled new Fannie and Freddie mortgage programs which removed or reduced required mortgage insurance. Once again the Taxpayers will be left holding the bag and monetizing a mortgage collapse from which the bankers, real estate and mortgage industry collected $100's of millions in fee money. 
Per this analysis posted by Wolf Richter, the Miami condo market is in a freefall: LINK . Mortgage rates have spiked up considerably in the last week. This will extinguish a significant amount of home sales and cash-out refi's – note – the following is an excerpt from the latest issue of my Short Seller's Journal : 
I continue to see with my own eyeballs, which I trust a lot more than the manipulated b.s. reported by the National Association of Realtors and the Government's Census Bureau, a stunning number of 'for sale' and 'for rent' signs all around central Denver. Note that Colorado has 11,000 people per month moving here, so if inventory in both homes for sale and rentals are visibly increasing here it means they are increasing everywhere. 
I've heard horror stories about the south Florida market from several sources. A colleague who runs a real estate brokerage firm in Houston published a report last week on a growing glut in luxury apartments in Houston: LINK . 
I bought Toll Brothers (TOL) December $28-strike puts on Thursday for 64 cents. The stock at the time was $29.40. It closed Friday at $28.25. I also bought Pulte Home (PHM) January $18-strike puts for 72 cents. The stock at the time was $18.65. It closed Friday at $18.32. 
I did this after chatting with the friend of mine mentioned earlier who is a mortgage broker. We are working on a refi for my significant other, which is why he called me on Thursday to see if I wanted to rate-lock her loan after informing me that the mortgage market was getting 'funky' and spreads were widening. 
Finally, again just like the mid-2000's housing bubble, NYC is showing definitive signs that its housing market is crumbling very quickly. Landlord rent concessions soared 24% in October, more than double the 10.4% concession rate in October 2015. Typical concessions include one free month or payment of broker fees at lease signing. Days to lease an apartment on average increased 15% over 2015 in October to 46 days. And inventory listings are up 23% year over year. 
DR Horton (DHI) reported earnings on Tuesday. It missed both revenues and earnings. The stock was hit 5.4% that day and closed even lower by Friday. Any stock that sold off on Thursday and Friday while the stock market was going orbital has real problems. DHI reported the slowest order growth rate in three years. More troubling from my perspective is that, with the market obviously slowing down, DHI's inventories continue to balloon, increasing by $537 million to $8.3 billion vs $7.8 billion at the end of September 2015. The Company's cancellation rate jumped to 28% from 23% last year. Again, this smells exactly like 2008…perhaps this part of the reason the Dow Jones Home Construction index looks so ugly: 
The graph above shows the Dow Jones Home Construction index vs the S&P 500 for the past year. Since hitting 601 on July 26, the index is down 14%. It's down 16.5% from its 52 week high of 618 on December 1, 2015. As you can see, the index is below both its 50 and 200 dma's (yellow line and red line, respectively). The 50 dma is about to cross below the 200 dma, another potentially highly bearish techincal indicator. Perhaps first and foremost is the fact that the homebuilders were extremely weak relative to the buying frenzy that gripped the market Wed thru Friday. 
In my opinion, it's safe to put a fork in the housing market. And this is the primary reason that it smells to me a lot like 2008. 
You can access the Short Seller's Journal with this LINK or by clicking on the graphic to the right. Almost all of the ideas I have presented since early August have been working, some have been yielding tremendous returns. It's a weekly report for $20/month with no minimum subscription requirement. I provide options trading ideas as well as disclose all of my trading activity from the short-side. Share this:
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Market Manipulation , U.S. Economy Elizabeth Warren , Soros , Wall Street fraud admin 
Look in the dictionary under the term 'hypocrisy' and there has to be a picture of Elizabeth Warren. Her latest beaut is sending a letter to Trump criticizing his transition team's ties to Wall Street. 
Yet, how come Obama never received the same type of letter from her? Obama's entire cabinet from 2008 to now is riddled with Wall Streeters. By the way, Lizzie, when the AG and former AG have law practices built around keeping Wall Street out of jail, that is a 'tie to Wall Street.' I guess it's a matter of convenience to overlook the fact that both Treasury Secretaries are and were deeply tied to Wall Street. 
Oh. Wait. I almost forgot. What about your beloved Hillary? No Wall Street ties there? You certainly forgot to chat about this when you were campaigning for her. Let me review the facts starting with the fact that Wall Street firms were among her largest campaign financiers. The biggest donor was perhaps the biggest Wall Street criminal: George Soros. Speaking of which, is this guy ever going to die and leave us alone? 
'Do as say, not as I do' seems to be de rigeur for the people and entities who thought Hillary's presidency was a matter of formality. These people forgot that some segment of the public still pays some attention to the truth. 
Make no mistake, I'm not issuing support for Trump. But someone needs to hold people like Miss Warren accountable. God knows her zombie, slavish supporters won't. I remain firm in my convictions that: the good news is, Hillary lost – the bad news is, Trump won. Share this:
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Gold , Market Manipulation , Precious Metals , U.S. Economy Comex , LBMA , silver , silver eagles admin 
The move by Modi to eliminate large-denomination cash bills from India has set off an unanticipated physical gold buying frenzy that has driven Indian ex-duty import premiums in the mid-$30's. It's the widest I've seen in them in the many years I've been tracking that data (via John Brimelow's Gold Jottings report). ''I'm getting non-stop calls from unknown numbers from people asking for gold,' the jeweller told a Reuters reporter in an interview inside his shuttered showroom..' 
Ditto for China. The SGE premium last night was $12.59 to spot gold. As Brimelow describes: 'In this case the high premiums probably simply reflect capacity constraints among Chinese import dealers. Possibly there is a Trump/devaluation effect boosting local appetite, besides of course the price decline.' 
My personal view is that, given the extreme amount of paper being launched at the LBMA and Comex right now, and given that the price of gold seems averse to going any lower (at least for now), the worst of the beat-down is over. Too many people are looking 'down' right now…Eric Dubin has also called a 'double bottom in gold.' He and Jason discussed the precious metals market, among many other topics in their lates Welcome to Dystopia episode, which you can access here: The Bottom Is In.
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Gold , Housing Market , Market Manipulation , U.S. Economy Comex , LBMA , Shanghai Gold Exchange , silver eagles admin 
Gold was pushing $1230/oz overnight, as the methodical take-down of gold and silver in the NYC and London paper markets has triggered an avalanche of demand for physical gold in the eastern hemisphere. 
Last night ex-duty import premiums in India were $14 over spot gold. In Shanghai the premium to world gold was $9.76. Delivery volume into the Shanghai Gold Exchange rocketed to an extraordinary 86.55 tonnes (it was 35.9 tonnes on Wednesday). The open interest on the SGE was 807 tonnes. To one observer's recollection, John Brimelow of John Brimelow's Gold Jottings, this is the first time the open interest has been over 800 tonnes. 
In Viet Nam the premium paid by the public was $90 over world gold. The spread has been wider over the last 15 years, but not much and only during times when there's been high 'backwardation' between the physical delivery bullion markets in the east vs. the fraudulent paper gold markets in London and NYC. 
To reinforce this nebulous idea of gold flowing from west to east, and unusually high amount of gold was shipped out of the Comex kilo bar vaults yesterday. 320,434 ozs left the Comex. Over 12,000 kilobars have left JP Morgan's kilobar vault account in the last two days. This is being attributed as evidence of Asia's voracious demand right now, as NY and London – when those two conduits actually clear real metal – trade 400oz LBMA grade bars whereas Asia prefers kilobars. 
The price of gold is being attacked right now in a manner that is quite reminiscent of the way it was attacked in the summer of 2008, right before the global financial markets collapsed, led by the fall of Lehman. 
Something really ugly is coming toward the global economic and financial system. The dollar index soared from 72 to 86 between June 2008 and October 2008, while gold and silver were systematically taken a lot lower. We know how that played. 
Similarly, the dollar has gone parabolic in the last week without any visible news or events that would have triggered this move. Too be sure, if Trump implements his borrow and spend program for infrastructure projects, the Fed will have to print a lot of money to monetize the avalanche of Treasury debt issuance, given that the rest of the world is now dumping their Treasuries. 
Both of those factors should be dollar-bearish and gold-bullish. In good time that's how this will play out. 
In the latest episode of the Shadow of Truth, we discuss the extraordinary 'backwardation' that has developed in the price of gold between the west and the east. We also discuss evidence of the ongoing collapse in the U.S. economy. Share this:
ARTICLE

    Precious Metals GLD , mining stocks , SD Bullion , silver eagles , SLV admin 
Silver Doctors invited me on their weekly Metals & Markets program to discuss notable events unfolding in the physical precious metals markets, the meaning of the Mint suspending 2016 silver eagle production several weeks earlier than normal, the bond market blood bath and other market occurrences that are eerily similar to events which unfolded before the 2008 de facto financial market collapse. 
IRD is featuring an extraordinarily undervalued gold producer in its next issue of the Mining Stock Journal (out tomorrow). The previous issue featured a sell recommendation that might surprise those who own this particular stock. It also contained trading ideas on some high quality larger cap mining stocks that will bounce back quickly when this latest take-down of the precious metals market passes (likely this week). You can subscribe to the Mining Stock Journal with this link – MSJ Subscription . All of the back-issues are included (email delivery-based). Share this:
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Gold , Housing Market , U.S. Economy bond bubble , dollar collapse , economic collapse , stock bubble admin 
Posted from St. Martin (the French side, of course!). I kind of expected this to happen, as close friends and colleagues can attest. Trump is not only NOT going 'drain the swamp,' he's populating it with a different breed of swamp monster. His choice for AG is a red-neck, right-wing senator from Alabama who, 80 years ago, would have been a member of the inner circle of the Third Reich. Ditto for the names that have been floated for Secretary of State. As for Treasury Secretary, the names floated for the position bear the unmistakable mark of the Wall Street beast: $6$6$6. They are every bit as vile, if not worse, than the thieves that moved through there the last 12 years. Jamie Dimon? Steve Mnuchin? Give me an F-ing break. 
It is what it is. Out with the old, in with new old. James Kunstler penned another epic post that deserves a thorough perusal: For all practical purposes, both traditional parties have blown themselves up. The Democratic Party morphed from the party of thinking people to the party of the thought police, and for that alone they deserve to be flushed down the soil pipe of history where the feckless Whigs went before them. The Republicans have floundered in their own Special Olympics of the Mind for decades, too, so it's understandable that they have fallen hostage to such a rank outsider as Trump, so cavalier with the party's dumb-ass shibboleths. It remains to be seen whether the party becomes a vengeful, hybrid monster with an orange head, or a bridge back to reality. I give the latter outcome a low percentage chance. 
The stock market continued a stunning move higher last week despite evidence of widespread financial market turmoil signaled by the bond and currency markets globally. With evidence mounting everyday that the U.S. economy continues to deteriorate, the behavior of the U.S. stock market can only be explained as being a product of the enormous pool of liquidity created by the Fed – printed money plus rampant credit availability – that piled into any and all stocks moving higher. This will ultimately turn into a momentum move in the other direction that will inflict serious damage on the system. – Excerpt from the latest Short Seller's Journal
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Gold , Market Manipulation , Precious Metals , U.S. Economy Deep State , silver , silver eagles , war on cash admin 
Desperation is setting in. The blatant attacks on gold are occurring almost exclusively during the Comex floor-trading hours now. Every night gold pushes higher as Asia's appetite is seemingly voracious. The two most systemically dangerous banks right now, it was revealed according to the IMF, are JP Morgan and Citibank. I'm sure part of the smash is in response to that. All this action between gold and the dollar means is that the counter-force reaction to what the Fed is doing is going to be even more forceful. They already can't control the dollar and the strong dollar is going to decimate Q4 revenues and earnings. Give it 6 months and I bet they start talking about the need to print more money. Gold will sniff that out well ahead of time. 
Stewart Dougherty has provided another guest post for IRD. I think this is his best commentary yet. 
The people hold in their hands the key that can unlock the door to financial independence and steadily increasing wealth, but they do not realize it. An obvious truth, being clear, is the hardest thing for people to see. They look right through it, as though it were not there, even though it is. Once they do see a truth, they never overlook it again. It becomes an invaluable fixture of their thinking. 
Like the adult elephant taught from youth that the light chain around its leg cannot be broken, the people believe that the strangulating government currency chain around their necks is unbreakable. The fact is that if the grown elephant pressures the chain, it will snap, setting him free. The people, too, have the power to break the currency chain that chokes them and reclaim their financial freedom from the plunderers who have usurped it, if only they would study, understand and act. 
The key to which we refer is private money, the most important forms of which are physical gold and silver. Cash is another, albeit greatly inferior form, in that currencies (not technically money) are controlled by their issuers. Global Deep State efforts to restrict or even eliminate the people's ability to possess private money are now rampant, and running into resistance. Denied the ability to possess private money in the form and quantity they desire, the people will be deprived of financial freedom, and in the end, given that freedom is indivisible, any freedom at all. 
Given the oligarchs' clear, unmistakable intention to deprive the citizens of financial freedom, the people now have not just a financial, but a moral obligation to redenominate a portion of their liquid assets into private money. The people need to tell the Oligarchy in clear terms that they have gone too far, and will not be going any farther. 
There are 7,000,000,000,000 people on this earth. There are fewer than 5,300,000,000 troy ounces of gold. If every person were allotted an equal share, each could possess 0.76 troy ounces of gold. In that gold can only be mined, and not printed by Deep State oligarchs, this sum is projected to remain consistent going forward, and may even shrink if mining cannot keep up with population growth. 
The actual ownership of gold is vastly skewed. Fewer than one billion troy ounces of physical gold worldwide are thought to be potentially available to the market, in current circumstances. This is not gold actually offered at this time, but that could be offered to the market if the selling climate were opportune and owners decided to sell. The other 4,300,000,000 ounces are believed to be immobile, at least for now, and include government reserves, non-trading private reserves, and forms of jewelry that are highly unlikely to be sold unless people's personal or financial circumstances significantly change. People do not sell their wedding rings or other jewelry having deep sentimental value unless there is a pressing reason to do so. 
This means that there are perhaps 1,000,000,000 ounces of gold available to 7,000,000,000 people. Put another way, 1,000,000,000 ounces are available to what is estimated to be well more than $200,000,000,000,000.00 in net private wealth. Which translates into 0.143 available ounces per person; and total available gold amounting to only 0.65% of total global private wealth, at a price of $1,300 per ounce. If a low single-digit percentage of the people or the private wealth decided to mobilize into gold, where would the gold come from? The answer is: from radically higher prices, because that is the only place it can come from. We wonder, what is it about these numbers that the people cannot see? The conclusion is: the obvious, which is the hardest thing for them to see. Gold is so rare, and demand for it so potentially overwhelming that it is literally ridiculous it sells at today's price. Yes, the 'Great Oz' of price manipulation and corruption continues to hold sway for now, but Toto is sniffing him out and zeroing in. He is going to find the curtain and pull it back, and then all hell is going to break loose, because the current price of gold is a colossal fraud and lie. An historic price reset is inevitable. 
At its core, gold's price is not a Deep State oligarchy manipulation problem, even though we know for a fact that the oligarchs totally dominate and rig the precious metals market to manufacture fraudulent profits for themselves while advancing a corrupt, statist narrative to assist their government puppets. 
Gold's absurd price is, in fact, a marketing problem. The gold mining industry has been singularly incompetent when it comes to marketing its precious product. The gold industry has not produced one original marketing idea in 250 years, and gold's current price proves it. Once people's eyes are opened to gold's unparalleled virtues as private, personal money, everything is going to change, most notably, its price, which is going to surge out of fundamental necessity. 
Brexit and the Trump victory reflect a rising populist tide in the west. The people are saying that they want to take back their countries and their lives. We believe that the same type of popular anger and dissatisfaction that has produced the sharp and ongoing political reset in the west is likely to erupt next in the field of currency and money. The populist movement was fomented in the first place by people who had become disgusted by constant financial regression and the real prospect of and trajectory toward eventual impoverishment. Their sentiments have set the stage for a populist monetary revolution. A determined segment of the people, those who still have liquid assets, is going to figure out that now is an excellent time for them to take back their money. They are going to say it's time to 'drain the monetary swamp' of its Wall Street swindlers and central bank fakers, escape the financial tyranny of zero interest rates, and return to ancient money that is rare, possesses intrinsic value, is beautiful and is virtually certain to appreciate. 
For the oligarchs, it is one thing if the people want to take back their countries; it is an entirely different, and totally unacceptable thing if they want to take back their money. The control of national currencies, money supplies and interest rates has been the Deep State oligarchs' secret preserve and heavily protected 'No Go' zone for decades. Their domination of this preserve has enabled them to mint phenomenal amounts of, guaranteed, risk-free profits; profits not measured in the millions or billions, but in the trillions of dollars. To the oligarchs, monetary populism means war. Which now rages, even though most people don't yet know it. 
To combat monetary populism, the oligarchs have launched a War on Private Savings. To put the monetary genie back in the bottle, they need to herd the people's liquid funds into institutions they control. Now that they can clearly see the whites of the people's eyes, as the populist sentiment spreads into finance, they have put their actions into overdrive. They need to defeat monetary populism before it becomes a 'movement,' which it has every potential of doing. 
The War on Private Savings is the largest conflict ever declared in the history of mankind. It is different from all other wars because: it is being fought against humanity, not a national or political enemy; it is global; it is being waged with trickeries, lies, schemes, propaganda, prohibitions and demonetizations, not military weapons; it is synchronized; it targets personal, after-tax savings, not a country's natural resources, geography, government or political leaders; it has been declared by a non-elected Oligarchy; it is about contempt for freedom; and its ultimate objective is about one thing and one thing only: the conquest of other people's money. 
The War on Private Savings, while massive in itself, is actually part of a larger conflict, the War on Human Freedom. While human freedom has been under attack in various ways since the dawn of mankind, it has never faced such a concerted, coordinated, massively well-funded attack as the one now declared against it by the Deep State oligarchs. If the initiators of the War on Private Savings win, the real casualty will be human freedom, because there can be no human freedom if there is no financial liberty. The stakes of this war for the people are impossible to overstate. 
India has been turned into a 1.3 billion person human laboratory for the advanced research, development and testing of the weapons to be used in the full-scale, global War on Private Savings. The weapons that prove successful in India will then be used on other people in other nations throughout the world. What happens in India is a global prologue of what is yet to come. 
The term 'War on Cash' is a deliberately misleading misnomer. It is merely one act in a much more sweeping drama. There is no war on cash; there is an attack on cash. The attack on cash is just one of the many battles within the much larger War on Private Savings. We can now observe a rapidly intensifying, synchronized, global effort to demonize, control and eliminate cash in Australia; Europe, especially the Nordic countries; the United States; India; and virtually everywhere in between. The War on Private Savings is strategic; cash controls are tactical. The oligarchs want you to focus on the tactic, not the full strategy. You don't want to fall for that. 
In addition to the attack on cash, other tactics currently being used in and planned for the War on Private Savings include: 1) Low and negative interest rates that are less than the rate of inflation and therefore rob savers; 2) Civil asset forfeitures; 3) The explosion of government regulations accompanied by confiscatory fines; 4) Across the board tax increases; 5) The creation of entirely new tax categories (e.g., Obamacare; carbon taxes) that pile onto but never streamline or reduce existing tax structures; 6) The intense manipulation of precious metals prices, resulting in artificially low prices that lessen savings; 7) Endemic corruption resulting in increased consumer costs and national debt that must be borne by the people (e.g., Medicare; Medicaid; Military (for example, the $6 Trillion in unaccounted-for Army spending, alone, all of which is now constitutes additional national debt); 8) Massive, structural government deficits that heap even more non-repayable debt upon the people; 8) Open borders, which spike the cost and deficits of government, which are similarly borne by the people and nationally impoverishing; 9) Deliberately engineered inflation that devalues national currencies and savings; 10) Outright demonetizations and forced conversions of currencies, with massive attendant costs, a new weapon that has been rolled out in India; to name just a few examples of the existing and emerging weapons being used against the people in the War on Private Savings. 
To sum up the situation, we believe that: 1) Populism is spreading into the Forbidden Zone of currency and money; 2) To prevent Monetary Populism from becoming a 'movement' that they cannot contain, the Deep State Oligarchs have declared a War on Private Savings, as part of a larger conflict, a War on Human Liberty; 3) Precious metals, particularly gold, are an extraordinarily powerful weapon in the hands of the people, and one that can defeat the Oligarchs' oppressive, anti-humanitarian campaign, but only if the people take up the weapon en masse, and soon; 4) The Deep State oligarchs are fully aware of the threat posed to them by the weapon of private money wielded by the people, which is why they are attacking; 5) If, through simple messaging, the people's eyes are opened to the unique capability of precious metals to restore to them the financial stability, freedom and dignity that are rightfully theirs, no less than their other constitutionally guaranteed rights, they will embrace this obvious solution in large numbers, ensuring their victory. In the process, monetary populism will be transformed from a sentiment into a powerful, invincible movement. 
In our next article, we will discuss the simple ways by which the managements of publicly traded precious metals mining companies can ignite demand for and price escalation of their product, as is required by their fiduciary obligation to shareholders. 
Stewart Dougherty November 22, 2106 
Stewart Dougherty is the developer of a principles-based forecasting methodology named Inferential Analytics. The unique IA model assesses monetary, fiscal, financial, market, social, political, empirical and anecdotal factors to get a glimpse of tomorrow, today. He has 35 years' worth of management, corporate strategy and business development achievement. He is a graduate of Tufts University (MA) and Harvard Business School (MBA). Share this:
ARTICLE

Financial Markets , Gold , Housing Market , Market Manipulation , Precious Metals , U.S. Economy fake news , housing collapse , stock bubble admin 
The widespread, systematic implementation of propaganda dates back to at least the World War 1 era when Edward Bernays – the nephew of Sigmund Freud and the Father of Propaganda – began working with Woodrow Wilson. The dissemination and proliferation of 'fake news' for the purpose of 'thought control' is a form a fascism that is seeded in the Totalitarian creep that is engulfing the U.S. political system. 
The commentary published by John Whitehead of the The Rutherford Institute is a must-read in order to put the 'fake news' problem into its proper context. 
[T]the 'news' we receive is routinely manufactured, manipulated and made-to-order by government agents. Not when six corporations control 90% of the media in America. And not when, as Davies laments, 'news organizations which might otherwise have exposed the truth were themselves part of the abuse, and so they kept silent, indulging in a comic parody of misreporting, hiding the emerging scandal from their readers like a Victorian nanny covering the children's eyes from an accident in the street.' The Pentagon has now designated 'information operations' as its fifth 'core competency' alongside land, sea, air and special forces. Since October 2006, every brigade, division and corps in the US military has had its own 'psyop' element producing output for local media. This military activity is linked to the State Department's campaign of 'public diplomacy' which includes funding radio stations and news websites. 
You can read the rest of this here: When It Comes To Fake News, The Government Is The Biggest Culprit 
The manipulation of economic data and the markets is yet another insidious form of propaganda and implementation of political/economic control. I've detailed ad nauseum evidence of the fraudulent economic data across a wide range of Government reports – employment, GDP, housing, inflation, etc. 
This is going to get worse regardless of who or which party occupies the White House. It's about control and power. Ultimately the Government has no control over the laws of economics. When the majority of the population feels the pain of economic distress in spite of the misleadingly optimistic economic reports, the Government has no choice but to implement control policies in order to maintain its power. 
There is nothing we can do about this but you can prepare accordingly if you at least recognize the truth. If you want to see who this plays out, I would suggest re-reading '1984' and 'Atlas Shrugged.' Share this:
