ARTICLE

  Watch: Police Viciously Attack, Arrest Peaceful Protesters at DAPL Including Children and the Elderly Watch: Police Viciously Attack, Arrest Peaceful Protesters at DAPL Including Children and the Elderly Matt Agorist October 26, 2016 1 Comment 
Standing Rock, ND — Dramatic video from Intercept reporter, Jihan Hafiz , was released this week from the Dakota Access Pipeline protests showing a full on assault by militarized police on peaceful people. The video is from Saturday but took several days to be released as cops confiscated the camera used to film it. 
The video was taken as water protectors and reporters covering the protests marched toward the construction site. However, their peaceful walk was swiftly interrupted by militarized shock troops armed with massive cans of pepper spray, batons, rubber bullets, and assault rifles. 
According to Hafiz, the march was undertaken in solidarity with several protesters who had chained themselves to bulldozers and pipeline machinery at the construction site. But the marchers never made it to their destination. Instead, they were attacked by police forces who used pepper spray and beat protesters with batons. Dozens of officers, backed by military trucks, police vans, machine guns, and nonlethal weapons, violently approached the group without warning. 
'Don't move, everyone is under arrest,” a voice says from the military vehicle that appears to be equipped with a Long Range Acoustic Hailing Device, or LRAD. 
As protesters attempted to leave, the police surrounded them and began their attack. According to Hafiz, several women were targeted for leading the march and dragged from the crowd to be arrested. Police body slammed one man and another woman's ankle was broken as she ran. 
The militarized police then circled the protesters in an apparent move to 'kettle' them — a tactic usually reserved for urban protests in which riot police force large crowds into corners to seemingly provoke them. However, the protesters stayed entirely peaceful. 
Police continued their mass arrests even though the people were trying to leave. Some natives were seen running for the hills as the assault began. 
One officer is seen in military camouflage with a ski mask and a tear gas grenade launcher — as if he were going to war. In total, reports Hafiz, more than 140 people were detained in half an hour. It was the largest roundup of protesters since the movement against the pipelines intensified two months ago. A majority of those arrested were charged with rioting and criminal trespass. Overall, close to 300 people have been arrested since protests against the pipeline kicked off over the summer. 
Among those arrested were journalists, a teen child who was also pregnant, and an elderly woman. 
They were all brought to the jail where protesters were forced to sit in the jail's common area as police had no other place to put them. According to Hafiz, women were strip searched, protesters were refused phone calls, and no one received food or water. One woman even had her medication confiscated by police, causing her to shake and sweat profusely. 
When Hafiz was finally released, she attempted to get back her camera and was told that she could not have it back. 'Your camera is being held as evidence in a crime,” they said. 
In the land of the free, filming cops assault peaceful men, women, and children is considered a 'crime.' 
Over the past several weeks, the police state has come out in full force as Native Americans fight to protect their water sources from the threat of the Dakota Access Pipeline. Mainstream media has remained largely silent as federal, state and local authorities worked on behalf of Energy Transfer Partners to squash dissent. 
Even prominent journalists, like Hafiz, have found themselves targets of the State, charged with dubious 'crimes” such as ' inciting a riot ” and ' conspiracy to theft of services ” – for doing nothing more than filming protests and the ensuing violent crackdowns. As the video below shows, the First Amendment is no obstacle when it comes to advancing the interests of the corporatocracy. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Antiwar / Russia is Hoarding Gold at an Alarming Rate — The Next World War Will Be Fought with Currencies Russia is Hoarding Gold at an Alarming Rate — The Next World War Will Be Fought with Currencies Jay Syrmopoulos October 26, 2016 1 Comment 
Moscow, Russia – With all eyes on Russia's unveiling their latest nuclear intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which NATO has dubbed the 'SATAN” missile , as tensions with the U.S. increase, Moscow's most potent 'weapon” may be something drastically different. 
The rapidly evolving geopolitical 'weapon” brandished by Russia is an ever increasing stockpile of gold, as well as Russia's native currency, the ruble. 
Take a look at the symbol below, as it could soon come to change the entire hierarchy of the international order – potentially ushering in a complete international paradigm shift – and much sooner than you might think. 
The symbol is the new designation of the Russian ruble, Russia's national currency. 
Similar to how the U.S. uses the dollar sign ($), the U.K. uses the pound sign (£), and the European Union uses the euro symbol (€), Russia is about to begin exporting its symbol internationally. 
After the failed 'reset” in U.S./Russian relations by the Obama administration, and the continued deterioration of the countries relationship, Washington began targeting entire sectors of the Russian economy, as well as specific individuals, meant to impose an economic burden so severe that it would force Moscow into compliance. 
Instead of decimating Russia, what it precipitated was a Russian response of gradually weaning themselves off of the hegemony of the U.S. petrodollar, and working with China to create an alternative to the SWIFT payment system that isn't solely controlled by Western interests (see Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank , New Development Bank). 
According to the Corbett Report : 
New reports indicate that China is ready to launch its SWIFT alternative, and for those who have their ear to the ground this is the most significant move yet in the unfolding process of de-dollarization that is seeing the BRICS-led 'resistance bloc” breaking away from the financial stranglehold of the US-led 'Washington Consensus.” 
For those who don't know, SWIFT stands for the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication and is shorthand for the SWIFTNet Network that is used by over 10,500 financial institutions in 215 countries and territories to transmit financial transaction data around the world. SWIFT does not do any of the clearing or processing for these transactions itself, but instead sends the payment orders that are then settled by correspondent banks of the member institutions. Still, given the system's near universality in the financial system, it means that virtually every international transaction between banking institutions goes through the SWIFT network. 
This is why de-listing from the SWIFT network remains one of the primary financial weapons wielded by the US and its allies in their increasingly important financial warfare campaigns. 
Recently, financial guru Jim Rickards, author of the book 'Currency Wars,” wrote that 'Russia is poised for a major comeback in its economy. Russian bonds and stocks and the Russian currency, the ruble, will all benefit.” Rickards believes a 'strong turnaround” is coming within Russia, and that this comeback will benefit the ruble. 
While still suffering from the economic warfare being waged by the U.S., Russia has realized that as long they are subservient to the petrodollar, there remains a clear and present danger of the Russian economy being devastated by the whims of Washington. 
The Bank of Russia, that nation's central bank, is extremely clear about its mission, and monetary policy declaring on its website: 
Monetary policy constitutes an integral part of the state policy and is aimed at enhancing well-being of Russian citizens. The Bank of Russia implements monetary policy in the framework of inflation-targeting regime, and sees price stability, albeit sustainably low inflation, as its priority. Given structural peculiarities of the Russian economy, the target is to reduce inflation to 4% by 2017 and maintain it within that range in the medium run. 
In layman's terms, that means that monetary policy, similar to nuclear weapons and the military, are 'an integral part of the state policy” in Russia. While many analysts have noted the increased build-up in Russia's military arsenal, seemingly few have highlighted the massive build-up of Russian gold reserves over the past decade. 
Below is a chart showing Russian gold reserves between 1994 and last year, 2015: 
Since 2006, there has been a year-on-year increase that reveals a significant upward trend. The chart clearly reveals that Russia's state policy of increasing state monetary assets, in the form of gold. Additionally, the Russian government has been converting state rubles into gold assets. From 2006 to 2015, Russia's state holdings of gold tripled. 
Within just the past year Russia has substantially increased its gold holdings 
According to the Business Insider : 
In July of this year, the central bank of Russia added 200,000 ounces of gold to its reserves. The one-month uptick in Russian gold reserves — 200,000 ounces — is approximately equal to the entire annual output of Barrick Gold's Turquoise Ridge gold mine in Nevada. 
At that same rate — 200,000 ounces per month — in a mere five months, Russia would add to state gold reserves the equivalent of the entire annual output of Barrick's massive Goldstrike mine in Nevada. 
Currently, Russian gold reserves rank seventh in the world. It's clear that there is a concerted effort by Russian authorities to build up the country's gold reserves as part of a national strategy to negate the effects of economic warfare waged by the United States. 
Rickards, in his 2011 book 'Currency Wars,” theorized that Russia and China could combine their gold reserves to form a global gold-backed currency to compete against the U.S. dollar. Currently, Russian reserves stand at roughly 1,500 tonnes, with Chinese reserves totaling over 1,800 tonnes (according to China — it's likely more), which would amount to a combined total of roughly 3,300 tonnes of gold. 
The U.S. is about to lose overarching control of policymaking within the International Monetary Fund (IMF), thus the U.S. lockup on global gold is about to vanish, according to Business Insider. 
Imagine for a moment the distinctly real possibility that Russian-Chinese alliance could exercise indirect (or even direct) control over the IMF's gold reserve of over 2,800 tonnes. Russian, Chinese and IMF gold combined would equal roughly 6,100 tonnes, and would allow for direct competition with the U.S. gold reserves, estimated at 8,100 tonnes. 
Russia and China have realized that the petrodollar is wielded by Washington as it's weapon of choice when opposing a well-armed state, and clearly see the writing on the wall – thus working together to create a new global financial paradigm. 
The reality is that the United States is $20 trillion dollars in debt, and eventually the time will come when the U.S. economy begins to implode — and all the fiat currency people are stuck holding will essentially be worth nothing more than the paper it's printed on. Hard assets, such as gold and silver, should be bought and taken custody of while there is still an opportunity to do so, as a means of hedging against the potentially disastrous results of the U.S. using the petrodollar as a 'weapon.” 
It's not Russian nuclear weapons that people should fear, as the policy of mutually assured destruction essentially voids any benefit of a state launching a first-strike nuclear attack. The true threat to America is our economic house of cards, built upon the back of a neoliberal trade policy that puts the 'rights” of corporations over that of people . 
Ultimately, the United States, Russia and China are all controlled by centralized power-hungry tyrants attempting to command powerful global bureaucracies like the IMF, the World Bank, SWIFT, New Development Bank and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. Share Google + T. Mohr 
Tell the Red Queen and her arms manufacturing friends that. Bullets and bombs will never go out of style with these murderers. Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / 'This is My Second One”— Virginia Cop Caught Bragging About Killing Two Unarmed People 'This is My Second One”— Virginia Cop Caught Bragging About Killing Two Unarmed People Claire Bernish July 27, 2016 7 Comments 
A former Virginia police officer and U.S. Navy veteran, whose trial for murder begins this week, told a witness, 'this is my second one,” after killing an unarmed 18-year-old black man in April 2015. 
While unclear whether or not the jarring statement amounted to a boast, the camera on ex-Portsmouth Officer Stephen Rankin's Taser recorded him saying this to a Walmart employee mere seconds after he fatally shot unarmed teen and alleged shoplifter William Chapman in the store's parking lot in April 2015. 
Rankin had, indeed, killed another unarmed man, Kirill Denyakin — under circumstances similarly and sufficiently questionable to earn three years' administrative leave — just four years prior to the shooting for which he now stands accused of first-degree murder. 
During the final pretrial hearing on Tuesday, the Guardian reported , Rankin's lead defense attorney, James Broccoletti, argued the former officer's 'statement is not probative of anything,” in an unsuccessful attempt to have it suppressed. 
Prosecutors countered to Judge Johnny E. Morrison they should not have to 'sanitize the evidence” surrounding the fatal shooting. 
'The defendant made the comment, not just in the presence and earshot of a witness, but to the witness,” argued Commonwealth's Attorney Stephanie N. Morales , who heads the case against Rankin. 
Although Morrison had previously disallowed direct statements to jurors concerning Rankin's fatal shooting of Denyakin, as the Guardian noted , it now appears the officer's prior use of deadly force will play an albeit limited role in the prosecution's case. 
Troubling details about the killing of unarmed 26-year-old Kazakhstani cook, Kirill Denyakin, on April 23, 2011, would seem to suggest a glib tone in the officer's later statement to the Walmart employee. 
Rankin responded to a call about Denyakin drunkenly pounding on the door of a residence where he had been staying with friends. Alleging the cook reached for his waistband and then charged toward him, Rankin shot Denyakin 11 times in the chest and limbs, as The Free Thought Project reported . No weapons were recovered on Denyakin's body or at the scene — but when the man's family filed a $22 million civil suit against the officer, the situation took a dark turn. 
Defending his use of deadly force, Rankin — who had chosen a photograph of a dead Serb who had been lynched by the Nazis in 1943 as his Facebook profile picture — took to a local newspaper's website, posting roughly 25 derisively attacking Denyakin's character and insulting his family's attempt to seek compensation, writing : 
'22 mil won't buy your boy back … let alone a habitual drunk working as a hotel cook.” 
Weeks prior to that deadly interaction, one of the officer's supervisors cautioned senior commanders Rankin was 'dangerous” and likely to harm someone. Further revelations included Facebook posts in which the cop referred to his firearms case as 'Rankin's box of vengeance.” 
A grand jury refused to indict Rankin for the Denyakin's killing — and though the department placed him on administrative leave for nearly three years, it took just over a year after his return to active duty for Rankin to fatally shoot Chapman under circumstances suspicious enough to now stand accused of murder. 
On the morning of April 22, 2015, Portsmouth Walmart employees summoned police to report a shoplifter. Rankin responded and confronted 18-year-old Chapman in the store's parking lot. Several witnesses reported seeing Rankin attempting to handcuff the teen, but their observations of what happened next differ to some degree. 
Two construction workers said Chapman broke free from the officer, knocking his Taser to the ground; but, in speaking to separate reporters afterward, one described the man ' whaling on ” the officer, the other noted the pair's subsequent interaction was a ' tussle ” in which the teen had not been close enough to physically strike Rankin. 
In a report , pathologists noted Rankin would have been at least 30 inches away from Chapman when he was shot, and the medical examiner did not find gunpowder burns or residue suggestive of a point-blank or near point-blank shooting. No stolen items were listed among the victim's personal effects. 
Further, body cam footage recorded Rankin holding his Taser, but abruptly and perhaps conveniently, if not outright suspiciously, stopped for the 15 seconds surrounding the shooting — only to pick up after the deadly interaction, with the Taser on the ground. 
Chapman's family's attorney, Jon Babineau, recounting what he was told for Pilot Online , said in December, 'The video was operational up until just before the shooting, and then it was not operational for about 15 seconds,” though an unnamed source told him the gap had been caused by a 'power source issue” and did not necessarily believe the tape had been edited. 
In September 2015, a grand jury indicted Rankin for murder and the illegal use of a firearm. 
Rankin has since been terminated from the Portsmouth force and continues to maintain his innocence. 
Jury selection for the murder trial is slated to begin this morning. Share Google + Fred Ziffel 
Anytime the calculated death of a human being is forced by another knowing these actions are not ABSOLUTELY necessary and there was no other immediate threat to life, the act of taking or ending said life becomes murder. Who the perpetrator is, or what his/her occupational profession is, is totally irrelevant. Murder is not justifiable. 
I hope they prosecute this vigorously and relentlessly. Bill Allyn 
Justice System Reform List America has a serious, institutionalized, systemic law enforcement problem. Over the last 4 decades, our law enforcement has become increasingly militarized, putting every citizen at risk of being shot and killed for nothing more than reaching for their wallet, as instructed, or less. This may increase safety for police officers (debatable, in the long run), but at the expense of making American citizens far less safe, which is the exact opposite of the goals of law enforcement. We need to create systems that bring back accountability within every level of the justice system. Nationally, we need to: 1. Create citizen oversight committees with powers of subpoena and prosecutorial discretion for every law enforcement agency in the country. A special independent prosecutor must be assigned immediately for officer-involved shootings. Committee members should be randomly selected and replaced often, like grand jurors, to avoid corruption. 2. Require law enforcement officers to be personally insured to protect taxpayers from lawsuits. Too risky for insurance? No insurance, no badge. Insurance could be partially publicly subsidized. 3. Require every law enforcement officer to wear a camera. No camera, no gun. Also, implement GPS tracking on all police cars and cameras. 4. Require yearly psyche tests to screen out potentially abusive officers. 5. Require random drug and steroid tests. 6. All police agencies must keep a database of every officer-caused civilian injury, shooting or killing, and that data must be periodically transmitted to a third-party, non-biased national database. 7. Any officer involved in a shooting must be alcohol and drug tested immediately. 8. Officers should be made aware of studies on abuse of power, such as the Stanford Prison Experiment and the Milgram experiment on obedience to authority figures. Ensure there are clear policies on use of force. 9. More training to deal with mentally ill, or a mental illness crisis unit. More training and encouragement to use peacemaking, conflict resolution, and de-escalation skills. Increase educational requirements, focusing on psychology, sociology, and social work. 10. Create a special number (third party, independent of police) to report police brutality. Victims of police brutality and the families of police shootings should immediately be appointed an attorney to represent their position/case. 11. Create national database of abusive officers, so they don't just get hired elsewhere. 12. Reverse militarization of police forces. Take away military weapons, APC's, uniforms, and especially the attitude. Police officers are civilians, not a branch of the military. Require at least 5 years between active duty military and civilian police employment. Keep SWAT/military weapons and equipment under lock and key only to be used in genuine emergencies. Quit viewing the community you police as a 'war zone”. 13. Prohibit television shows that glorify bad, illegal, or unconstitutional policing, such as 'Cops”. Glorifying these behaviors creates a dangerous situation for American citizens and should not be tolerated. 14. Increase community outreach. Hire officers from the community. Officers need to be more in touch with the people they are sworn to protect. 15. End no-knock raids. It is perfectly legal for a home owner to respond to a break in with gun in hand, which gets them killed when the police are the intruders. This makes it unreasonably dangerous on citizens, especially when cops often go to the wrong address. 16. Reform forfeiture laws to protect citizens' property rights and due process. No forfeiture proceedings until after conviction. All forfeiture proceeds go directly to the victims of police brutality and the families of police shootings. 17. End drug prohibition/war on drugs. Use harm reduction strategies. 18. End private prison industry. 19. Create a national organization dedicated to these ideals. Jamieson 
This list is brilliant! Great post. Ibcamn 
cops are just criminals with a badge. Occams 
Sad that there will be lots of tax-dollars spent just to simply let him walk away, but then, that will satisfy the sheep, as did Hillary's ‘exoneration'….. As Bill's ‘Limited Hangout Op'– $650m spent on a blowjob – to hide selling missile secrets to the Chinese. 
Treason runs deep in the White, these last 30 years. 
The US military is in Syria, helping ISIS, and US planes recently bombed and murdered over 100 civilians. Treason and murder. 
Why should the public see any better when it allows all this? Brian King 
Another psychopath kkkop that needs to get locked up Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Military-Industrial Complex / In Light of Recent Attacks on Police, White House Considers Re-Militarization of American Cops In Light of Recent Attacks on Police, White House Considers Re-Militarization of American Cops Claire Bernish July 22, 2016 8 Comments 
Reactionary politics and legislation put us on hamster wheels guaranteeing a number of issues will never change, and militarized, brutal policing marks a prime example of this problem — particularly now, following a smattering of attacks on officers in Dallas and elsewhere . 
In a reactionary response to several shootings of officers, Pres. Obama now plans to review — and potentially repeal — the May 2015 ban on police obtaining military surplus equipment like riot gear, explosives, armored vehicles, grenade launchers, bayonets, and more. 
In an exclusive interview, Jim Pasco, executive director of the Fraternal Order of Police, and Bill Johnson, executive director of the National Association of Police Organizations, told Reuters changes to the ban on the transference of military equipment to law enforcement agencies nationwide will be reviewed by Obama in the wake of those attacks. 
While violence from either side of the Thin Blue Line should be neither tolerated nor condoned, the militarization of police forces — in both equipment and training — has inarguably fueled the epidemic of police brutality that spawned these retaliatory attacks. 
A repeal of even part of this ban, particularly as now-nervous officers increasingly view the public with suspicions any encounter could escalate without warning, will inevitably fan the flames on this nation's powderkeg. 
According to an unnamed White House official cited by Reuters , the administration regularly reviews rules concerning military surplus wares to ensure police receive the 'tools they need to protect themselves and their communities while at the same time providing the level of accountability that should go along with the provision of federal equipment.” 
Accountability, however — in contrast to the weapons and gear of war on American streets — is in extremely short supply. Countless questionable uses of excessive force by officers against civilians, including riot-clad, MRAP-backed harassment and menacing of otherwise peaceful protesters, have gone unanswered by disciplinary or punitive action. 
Images from Ferguson, Missouri, during protests after Officer Darren Wilson fatally shot unarmed Michael Brown — of armored vehicles rolling down the street, riot gear-clad and heavily armed police launching the same tear gas banned internationally in war at protesters and journalists, alike, and cordoned-off 'free speech zones' — catapulted the issue of militarization into the glare of the national and world spotlights. 
Obama eventually succumbed to enormous pressure from human rights advocates, activists, and swaths of the public by implementing the ban not long afterward, citing 'a substantial risk” of police 'overusing” or 'misusing” military gear — as clearly evidenced in Ferguson and elsewhere against, ever-so ironically, anti-police brutality demonstrations. 
But the retaliatory attacks on officers in several cities has twitchy cops begging for the return of the program of federal grants to obtain further equipment — though, notably, the ban did not affect departments' obtainment of these goods from private defense companies. 
'The White House thought this kind of gear was intimidating to people, but they didn't know what purpose it serves,” Pasco stated without even a hint of irony. 
Though protests in Ferguson did, indeed, turn violent, the overwhelming majority of protests against police violence have not — though officers in riot gear menacing peaceful demonstrators exercising constitutionally-protected rights of assembly and free speech often manufacture violence where none existed. 
Protests in Baton Rouge over the shooting death of Alton Sterling evidence exactly that — demonstrators congregated peacefully at an intersection and permissibly on private property were pushed into streets and promptly arrested for … being in the streets. As the public is increasingly left without viable options to air grievances free of police intimidation — an issue even the non-activist segment of the public recognizes as inexcusable — backlash by the furious is a virtual guarantee. 
Repealing the ban at a time of frayed law enforcement nerves will essentially allow military equipment to flood the country — a terrifying move as a growing number of cops have literally declared war on the people they putatively swore oaths to protect. 
Pasco and Johnson told Reuters White House chief legal counsel Neil Eggleston will be reviewing the ban. 
Meanwhile, no move toward the reform of training that teaches police to view the public with heightened suspicion, if not as the outright enemy, remains a pipe dream of those calling for an end to State violence. 
In reviewing the ban — and to understand the outrage over the epidemic of police brutality — it would be wise for politicians, the public, and the administration to consider this simple cycle: unaddressed problems can only be compounded by reinforcing the source of the original problem. 
Too bad the simplicity will be lost to the purely propagandized 'war on cops' narrative, anxious police, and a public eager to validate police force. 
Clearly, the escalation of this cycle won't be halted anytime soon. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Hotel CEO Caught Celebrating Using Government to Make Airbnb Illegal So They Can Price Gouge Hotel CEO Caught Celebrating Using Government to Make Airbnb Illegal So They Can Price Gouge John Vibes October 27, 2016 Leave a comment 
New York, NY – Since the days of mercantilism began many ages ago, established businesses have used the government to stomp out their up and coming competition. In today's 'sharing economy” this relationship between government and big business is more prevalent than ever. 
In the case of rideshare services, Uber and Lyft, these new services have been vehemently opposed by Taxi companies, who offer a more expensive and less efficient service. Despite the fact that their service is sub-par, they are licensed and regulated by the government and thus are viewed as an accepted business by the establishment. 
The same principle is at play in the proliferation of Airbnb, the service that allows people to rent out rooms to others in a cheaper and more efficient way than hotels. Hotel companies are obviously not very happy about the rise of Airbnb, and have been lobbying the government to shut down their competition ever since the sharing economy began to threaten their bottom line. 
In New York, this lobbying has had success, and anti-Airbnb laws were passed that will force the service out of the city. 
The recently signed law will impose a $7,500 fine onto anyone who lists their property on the site. 
For anyone that did not think that the hotels in the city had a motive to force Airbnb out of the region, a Hotel executive was recently caught telling his shareholders that the passing of the new law will allow him to raise prices in his hotels. 
In a call with shareholders last week , Mike Barnello, CEO of LaSalle Hotel Properties said that the new law 'should be a big boost in the arm for the business, certainly in terms of the pricing.” 
Barnello and other representatives at LaSalle declined to comment on the report, but Airbnb's public affairs director, Nick Papas, pointed out the obvious in a recent interview. 
'They say a gaffe is unintentionally saying what you really believe – and the latest gaffe from the hotel cartel makes it clear that the New York bill was all about protecting the hotel industry's bottom line. Albany back-room dealing rewarded the price-gouging hotel industry and middle-class families will pay the price,” Papas said. 
This is not an isolated incident either, hotel executives have actually been very open about their true motives for opposing Airbnb. In a similar call last year, Jon Bortz, CEO of Pebblebrook Hotel Trust said that Airbnb prevents him from being able to gouge customers. He literally used the word 'gouge” according to the Wall Street Journal. 
In the call, he said that Airbnb takes away his 'ability to price at maybe what the customer would describe as sort of gouging rates. I'd say we've lost a lot of that ability at this point within the major markets where these events take place.” 
The battle will be long and hard, and the government, along with these entrenched corporations, will lock up many innocent entrepreneurs. However, history has shown that innovation always wins out in the face of this type of government protectionism. After all, the record industry is now dwarfed by free streaming services, and we are lighting our homes with electric lights instead of candles. John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. John is currently battling cancer naturally , without any chemo or radiation, and will be working to help others through his experience, if you wish to contribute to his treatments please donate here . Share

ARTICLE

Watch: Police Viciously Attack, Arrest Peaceful Protesters at DAPL Including Children and the Elderly Home / Badge Abuse / Cop Fires Round From His 9mm Glock into a Daycare Center in a 'Gun-Free Zone'– Yet to Be Charged Cop Fires Round From His 9mm Glock into a Daycare Center in a 'Gun-Free Zone'– Yet to Be Charged Matt Agorist October 27, 2016 2 Comments 
Cuyahoga Falls, OH — Authorities are only 'contemplating' criminal charges against an East Cleveland police officer today after he discharged his weapon sending a bullet hurling into a day care center. 
The staff and children at the KinderCare Learning center were likely terrified when a bullet came blasting through the fence and lodged into the wall of the school around 3:35 pm on Tuesday. 
Police have refused to release the name of the officer who negligently discharged his firearm. Authorities did, however, note that the officer was unloading his 9mm Glock inside his home, directly behind the daycare, when it 'accidentally' discharged. 
Up until that point, the staff and parents of the children at KinderCare probably thought that their children were safer being neighbors with a police officer. 
Despite the officer clearly admitting to committing the misdemeanor offense of discharging a firearm within city limits, police have yet to charge him. 
'Right now our law department has it and they are reviewing it to see if there should be any charges,” Police Chief Jack Davis said Wednesday morning. 
'It was a very unfortunate incident for the school, as well as him,” he added. 
Outside of skating out of the misdemeanor charge so far, this officer also seems to be avoiding the felony offense of discharging a weapon in a gun-free school zone. 
Imagine for a moment that you were cleaning your pistol and all of the sudden, you accidentally squeeze off a round sending the deadly projectile through the wall of a daycare center, in a gun-free zone. 
There are two possible scenarios that would take place; the first one being that a SWAT team responds and you are killed. The second, less lethal result would be your inevitable arrest and charges of public endangerment, unlawful discharge, illegal use of a firearm, assault with a deadly weapon, terrorism, or a myriad of other charges associated with sending a deadly projectile hurling through walls and near the heads of innocent people. You would immediately be facing fines, jail time, probation, and firearms restrictions. 
However, if you are a government agent who's trusted with carrying a deadly weapon into places others cannot, you needn't worry about any of those repercussions as this case will likely prove. 
When the Akron Beacon Journal contacted the East Cleveland police department to inquire as to what would happen to this officer, they said their department was unaware of the incident. 
'We're just grateful that nobody was hurt,” KinderCare spokeswoman Colleen Moran told Ohio.com. So are we. 
As the gun controllers call for guns to be taken out of the hands of US citizens, what they really mean is they only want cops to have guns. This cop proves how silly, and dangerous, that demand actually is. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share Google + TOPDOG1 
It does not matter if he went in and shot several of the children. The prosecutors would still refuse to charge him. Phil Freeman 
What a douchebag. Clearly no trigger awareness and muzzle control. ADs don't accidentally happen, they're caused by incompetence and nincompoopery. Social Trending

ARTICLE

Why isn't that PIG son of a diseased whore not in jail? Don Duncan 
Shouldn't you post the follow up with this? SFCRetired 
If they are so in fear for their lives that they must shoot every family pet that approaches them, they need to find themselves another job. Suzanne Morrison Dixon 
Ain't that the truth! I understand that some dogs are protective and can be aggressive, especially when something chaotic is happening in front of them. So, had the officer shot the little girl and killed her, would people be outraged? Or, would the officer be defended? I have no doubt there would be any accountability and people would say 'He was just doing his job. His life was in danger. He feared for his life.” Give me a break! I agree with you though! Cops should never shoot their guns for any other reason than to injure, or kill and ONLY if their lives are really in danger. We have way too many trigger happy cops that shoot first and ask questions later. Sad thing is, this is what they are being taught to do. I know a few people who dropped out of BLET because of what they were being taught to do. They were also taught how to shoot and kill and how to make it justified. One of the BLET teachers was actually fired because of things he was saying and teaching his students to do. A student actually voice recorded him during class and when the accusation came out, before anyone knew about the voice recording, the officer teacher, the sherrifs dept. and the community, said that it was preposterous these accusations were being made against one of the most dedicated, and long time serving, officer. Then, when the recordings were released, people were just soooo shocked and couldn't believe it! I mean, officers are honest and would never do things like lie and commit illegal activities, or cover up things, or plant evidence, or commit murder, or sexually assault women. No, because all cops are good and everything they do is justified. People need to wake up and smell the coffee. There are plenty of amazing officers who take their position seriously and live by their oath. But there are also lots of cops who are horrible people. Who are criminals with a badge and a license to kill, who have no damn place being a cop. Cops are human beings just like everyone else….they definitely can already be corrupt, or become corrupt. There are way too many cops out there who feel they are above the law. Sgt. Grimsley USMC 
The officer has not been disciplined??? What? How? Freak accident or not, a little girl got shot. The cop needs to explain himself. Publicly. 2broke4 her 
I cant remember the law as the actual way it goes but in general cops arent liable for there inept actions.. that is why they use the fearing for my life saying! While I was in Denver in 1992 to 1994.. a Black male with a criminal record running away from cops on a foot pursuit, got cornered by one cop in an multiple level Apartment complex. no outlet.. the man stopped put his hands in the air.. he was wearing only, tennis shoes and a pair of shorts.. as witnesses stated and they all said the same thing.. the cop drew down on him..the man turned around slowly with his hands in the air, no weapons on him.. he started begging for the cop not to shoot him.. the cop shot and killed him, while the tenants of the complex watched from their windows.. the cop claimed he feared for his life.. the chief of Police stated it was a good kill and IA cleared him of the shooting.. due to public outcry, 6 months later, the DA submitted to the Grand Jury a murder charge and the Grand Jury came back with a Charge for the DA, murder in the first degree! I left Colorado by then so I dont know the end result! Suzanne Morrison Dixon 
And that happens way too much unfortunately. More of these incidents are being brought to attention thanks to smartphones…It sickens me though that even with proof of what cops have done, they still are hardly ever held accountable. Too many cops play arrestor, judge, jury, and executioner. It is sickening. Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Foreign Affairs / Rothschild Bank Now Under Criminal Investigation Over Missing $4 Billion in Global Corruption Probe Rothschild Bank Now Under Criminal Investigation Over Missing $4 Billion in Global Corruption Probe Jay Syrmopoulos May 12, 2016 13 Comments 
Last year the veil of invincibility seemingly came off the secretive Rothschild banking empire, as Baron David de Rothschild and his company the Rothschild Financial Services Group were indicted by French prosecutors for allegedly defrauding British pensioners in a scheme that saw large sums of money embezzled. 
Only two months ago, we reported on the Swiss branch of the Edmond de Rothschild Group announcing that they were the target of a French criminal probe 'regarding a business relationship managed by a former employee.” 
Now, the Luxembourg unit of Rothschild banking empire is being investigated by the Luxembourg state prosecutors office — alleged to have sent hundreds of millions of dollars to an account at a bank in Luxembourg that originated from 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB). 
The fund, 1MBD, was established by Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak in 2009 as a government investment fund. There have been widespread accusations of corruption surrounding Razak after $1 billion dollars in deposits into his personal bank accounts were revealed. The deposits totaled hundreds of millions of dollars more than had previously been exposed by probes into state fund 1MDB, according to the Wall Street Journal. 
The Luxembourg investigation stems from an international probe of money that may have flowed from the Malaysian government investment fund, which is at the center of various worldwide corruption probes. 
According to a report in the WSJ : 
The Luxembourg unit of Edmond de Rothschild Group, a private bank that manages money on behalf of wealthy clients, said it is 'cooperating” with an official investigation of money that may have flowed from a Malaysian government investment fund at the center of various world-wide corruption probes… 
The Luxembourg investigation widens probes of 1MDB already under way by authorities in Switzerland, Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong and Abu Dhabi. Swiss authorities said in January that 1MDB-related losses from misappropriation could reach $4 billion. The Luxembourg prosecutor said its case was connected to the investigation in Switzerland. 
1MDB was created to invest in local energy and real-estate projects to boost the Malaysian economy. The fund amassed $11 billion in debt which it has struggled to repay. Last July,The Wall Street Journal reported that almost $700 million was transferred to Mr. Najib's bank accounts via a web of entities, money which investigators believe originated with 1MDB. 1MDB has denied sending money to Mr. Najib's accounts and denied wrongdoing and said it is cooperating with probes 
'Edmond de Rothschild Europe is actively cooperating in the judicial proceedings,” a spokeswoman for the Edmond de Rothschild Group told the WSJ. 
The Edmond de Rothschild Group oversees roughly $164 billion in assets, according to Bloomberg. The private bank and asset management firm to the elite was founded by Edmond de Rothschild in Paris in 1953. Edmond's son Benjamin de Rothschild succeeded his father as head of the group in 1997. Last year, Benjamin appointed his wife, Ariane, chairwoman of the executive committee. The Swiss unit traces its roots to the acquisition of Banque Privee in Geneva in 1965. 
But the history of the Rothschild banking empire stretches far further back in time. 
According to The Richest : 
The Rothschild Family as we know it is descended from Mayer Amschel Rothschild, who was born in what is now Frankfurt, Germany. The son of Jewish moneychanger and trader Amschel Moses Rothschild, Mayer Amschel Rothschild was the fourth of 8 children, and went on to establish a huge international banking empire. 
Through his 5 sons, Mayer Amschel Rothschild expanded his banking business, which was founded in the 1760s, to international areas and, as such, managed to bequeath his huge wealth, unlike many rich members of the Jewish community at the time. Mayer Amschel's 5 sons were each stationed at one of the major European financial centres, one in Frankfurt, London, Naples, Vienna, and Paris. 
This passing on of Mayer Amschel's wealth and business meant that his sons could continue to build on the foundations of their father's success. In the 19th century the Rothschild Family were at the height of their powers, and were known all around the financial world. Their great fortune and ingenious business minds meant that they carried great power during this time. They utilised this power by affecting some very significant events in human history in order to profit greatly from it. This included backing the British forces with huge sums of money during the Napoleonic Wars (more on that later) and funding Brazil's claim for independence from Portugal. 
The Rothschild banking dynasty is a family line that has been accused of pulling the political strings of many different governments through their control of various economic systems throughout the world. Historically, there is ample evidence to show that the family has used insider trading to bilk money from both private and public funds. 
Towards the end of the Napoleonic Wars, in 1813, Nathan Mayer Rothschild saw Napoleon's war efforts as a threat to his business practices and decided to step in to help defeat the French conqueror. He became the most important financier of the British war effort pouring the equivalent of $900 million dollars in today's dollars in 1815 alone. The defeat of Napoleon, and subsequent ending of the Napoleonic Wars, which started in 1803 and raged throughout the continent for 12 years before finally coming to an end in 1815. 
During the Battle of Waterloo in the Napoleonic wars, Nathan Rothschild was responsible for one of the oldest cases of 'insider trading,” which led to the Rothschild family robbing a whole nation blind. When the battle of Waterloo took place in 1815, horse messengers were the fastest method of communicating information. The Rothschild's took advantage of this by having their own spies on the frontlines of the battle that would then expedite the information to the family faster than the messengers used by the military. 
When the British won the battle, Nathan Rothschild, was, of course, the first to know, and he immediately went to the stock exchange and started selling stocks while putting out the rumor that the French had won the war. This created a panic on the floor of the stock exchange and investors all over England began frantically selling their stocks. With the price of all stocks plummeting Rothschild was able to buy out the whole English market for a fraction of its cost. When word returned that the English had actually been victorious, the value of the market soared, and overnight Nathan Rothschild expanded his family's wealth and cemented their position as one of the richest, and most influential families in the world. 
Although the Rothschild family now keeps a very low public profile, they still have significant business operations across a wide spectrum of sectors. While you may not find any one particular Rothschild on the Forbes' most rich list, the family is estimated to control $1 trillion dollars in assets across the globe, thus having a strong voice across the geopolitical spectrum that many perceive as a hidden hand manipulating events silently from behind a veil of virtual secrecy and silence. Share

ARTICLE

USA CREATED ISIS ,ALL EUROPEAN KNOW ABOUT THAT ,NOW WE'RE ALL SCARED NDMA 
Let's just remember who enslaves USA : which entity forced them to do so 😉 People like me even understand how : fewer still like some of my family members even did something about some of it 😛 There's a reason it will all end : for the pathetic & desperate slaver fiends pretending to be friends ……… nathan sandiego 
just imagine, GABE NEWELL, OWNER AND FOUNDER OF VALVE CONTROLLING AN ENTIRE MILITARY FROM HIS ARM CHAIR. NDMA 
Why would I bother doing that? I have better things I can work on 😉 nathan sandiego 
Herbanlegend is my steam name NDMA 
Life is better if we imagine how to replace the corruption that infests our world 😉 WW3 : not about guns, just permanently destroying all that powers the entitled peasants harming our ecology 🙂 MBruceQuarles 
That is awesome technology. God bless Israel! nathan sandiego 
Fuck Israel, bunch of zionists destroying what it means to be a Jew, turning back on God… they will soon be punished. dufas_duck 
American police have several local forces talking about arming the small drones that they are now using for survalence. In Arizona, the police think nothing of using helicopters to fire on suspected vehicles. If they kill innocent people, it doesn't seem to matter any more than it does now….. NDMA 
https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/37fa3c31ef798b8d7c32d573e0cb260937becd817b7153c813ab7c104b835b96.jpg 
http://www.haaretz.com/opinion/.premium-1.659480 seriously, Israeli propaganda and the dreams of desperate pirates aren't fooling anybody : WW3, we're coming for the entitled chumps indeed 😉 
mmmm going to be fun hunting them like Nazis : but we know who the most entitled be … those we will proudly make our victims during WW3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0AbIEH4biA already happily started slaughtering them all around the world … Aidan Rodrigo Johansson 
The reason that American police love just shooting people instead of actually working and risking their safety for the safety of the people is because they are blood thirsty cowboy dirty Harry brain washed psychopaths that love killing. It is American culture at the root, deep in the psyche. 
The police have been militarized. They dont do the job like in the old days. No more negotiators, Drs or counselling at the scene of the crisis, its just shoot bang bang boom yourr dead if you had a gun, knife, glow stick, sandwich, whatever. Gary Honeycutt 
How old are you? The old days you mention with negotiators and counselors came into vogue nationally in the 60's, after a period of democrat rule notable for their most outstanding 'accomplishment”: a huge escalation of criminals rights over those of victims. Note the escalation of crime since then. It seems you are also on the anti-cop bandwagon. I support them being able to defend themselves. Mistakes can be made in a split second, the same amount of time it might take for a criminal to kill a cop. I'm sure you can name victims of cops, do you realize what a small percentage of interactions between cops and the public they constitute? Unfortunately, the justified shootings like the Ferguson case are unfairly included in many of our perceptions. First and foremost: don't commit crime. That improves your odds drastically. Next, comply with orders given by the police. If you were raised to treat the police as hostile someone failed you. Guilty or innocent, comply! The police are just trying to do their job, don't complicate it. I've seen many an arrest where a person taunts and struggles with the police even up to resisting being put in the car. Try walking a mile in their shoes. They are trying to keep the public safe and they have a right to be safe themselves. fluffnik 
'Guilty or innocent, comply!” 
Land of the free? 
Most places are successfully policed by consent, and without shooting their citizens or suffering much crime. Gary Honeycutt 
Yes, if an officer wants to see identification he has a reason. If he wants you to keep your hands in plain sight he has a reason. He is possibly ruling you out as a person of interest that was seen in the area. Imagine how much more efficiently that would go if each person would refrain from shouting about their rights for 40 minutes before complying. If you are the person in question the transaction could be handled in a couple of minutes and you'll be gone without any violence or hard feelings. If you pay taxes you will have helped us get our moneys worth. Of course, if you've seen the news and the reality shows You may have the impression that a lot of these guys that are giving a cop a load of crap probably live off of what you are paying to the government. Mike 
Wasn't raised hostile to cops, family members are cops as a matter of fact. This is America. If I'm not committing a crime, or suspected of it, don't ask me for papers. Don't detain me. Don't run DUI checkpoints. Those are infringements on all of our freedom, which I assume we love. Safety is what the left uses to excuse their behavior. Safety is a fallacy. dufas_duck 
I have had 5 police officers in my extended family. It got to the point that none of them were welcome into the rest of the family's homes. They were eventually never invited to family get to gathers. They were rude, overbearing, malicious individuals, constantly bragging how they screwed some person and taught them how the world really should be. Their treatment of family members were more along the line of petty dictators where no matter the subject, some familly member was wrong. Petty things like they didn't like the car they bought, or their haircut, or the job they worked at…. They were not satisfied with anything or anybody… 
They brought their street attitude home with them. They couldn't keep wives or husbands or significant others for very long. They were arrogant, mean, and only thaought of themselves..anybody else was in their way…. 
I have seen gang members that have more ethics than these police and their freinds….. Gary Honeycutt 
My great-grandfather, his son-in-law (my grandfather)and his son, my uncle were all cops, the oldest and youngest for their whole careers. All deeply religious, highly moral men. dufas_duck 
That is great, if they were straight arrow, we need more like them. My cop relatives and their friends would fit right in in the Crips, the Bloods, or just about any outlaw motorcycle club. No one but other cops were 'proud' of them. My family sure wasn't proud of them… Gary Honeycutt 
Maybe they became hardened by what they faced daily? East side of Detroit? South side of Chicago? People are products of their environment. Maybe the cops in Branson, Mo. and such places are nice guys. What is the ratio of cops to citizens? Let's say you've got a playground with 60 10 year olds. You get a dozen 10 year olds to keep order among them. If the 60 are from Sierra Leone and the dozen are American boy scouts there'd be 12 dead Americans in short order. Any dead among the 60 would've been killed by their own. So what do we expect of cops who grew up without a rap sheet, graduated from school and passed the academy. You think 10 years of patrolling the gnetto might change them? They surely know the realities of the job better than we do. How do the ones who aren't in Mayberry do a 20 or 30 year career in an inner city where shooting a cop makes you a hero and not resisting arrest makes you a pussy? dufas_duck 
I do know that where I grew up, the police at least tried to keep the officers from getting street hardened. They rotated officers to different districts every month. But then, they found thst the police were trading assignments. Some cops didn't want to rotate out. They wanted to stay where they were… No explaination was given by any officer,[at least publically, no answer was given..] 
Many thought the cops were up to no good and wanted to stay in their own area to protct their interst… dufas_duck 
You just gave the cops an excuse to act like gang members…. Gary Honeycutt 
I don't think so, but you don't throw choirboys in blue to the wolves in the ghetto any more than you send a S.E.A.L. team to lifeguard the kiddie pool. dufas_duck 
'……. send a S.E.A.L. team to lifeguard the kiddie pool.” 
You haven't checked out what school cops have been doing as of late then…? A 5 year old in handcuffs or throwing an 8 year old to the ground doesn't work out to be the way to increase trust among the populace…… Anthony Fredericks 
I will end this stupidity of your right now GARY. I work with Police EVERY single day as a EMT. EVERY DAY! I am a qualified expert on how Police act on scene…Most of them are VERY arrogant, Rude and aggressive towards people. SHUT UP!! or BE QUIET!! is the first thing you normally hear from a cop, You ALWAYS see them put someone on the ground. Even if that person is the one who called them for help. If they don't like you..BOOM! face down, knee on your neck, cuffs on. Approximately 25% are not like this. But the other 75% are. THIS IS REALITY GARY! And I have worked in SEVERAL cities in different areas…And it is all the same. Police are overbearing and have a chip on their shoulder against the general public…And a lot of them take it out physically on them. Gary Honeycutt 
My sympathies for the flaw in your family's DNA. dufas_duck 
Luckily, the flaw was only in the extended family tree…inlaws, marriages, etc…… ;-> Gary Honeycutt 
Most people who oppose DUI checkpoints have a reason. I've always seen a problem with bars having parking lots when it is illegal for good reason to drink and drive. I don't mind providing my ID when a cop asks for it. When it's done without giving him any lip it is over quickly without incident. He's just trying to do the job we are paying for. If you want to launch into a 40 minute tirade about your rights you'll be there 40 minutes longer, make it a bad night at work for the cop and wind you all up, maybe you like that. Some people love drama. Mike 
The reason is, it's an infringement on your rights, and unnecessarily exposes you AND the Officers to a potentially dangerous confrontation. There is no way you believe that *unwanted* contact that is forced upon Officers and the public increases their safety. I wouldn't blame the Officers for the policies they have to enforce, however the higher ups never pay when things go wrong after the fact. The problem with being law abiding is that by doing nothing wrong, you don't see the infringement of your rights, and tolerate them. Just because you aren't guilty of anything, doesn't mean your rights aren't being taken from you. What if 'for safety” we decided that all firearms need removed from private citizens? What if we decided that TSA should run mandatory random checkpoints all over the US, creating 2 hour delays? What if we decided that anyone that supports Trump may be a violent extremist and should be stopped for questioning? Do you see where this goes? 
I don't like the immigration ones inside the states of the Southwest, I don't like the 'agricultural” ones into California, and I don't like the DUI checkpoints in the South. I'm a legal resident, don't transport crops, and don't drink, yet I oppose all of them. The idea behind them is well-meaning, the execution is unlawful IMO. Obviously the courts don't think so, or they'd not exist. Gary Honeycutt 
It is the officers job to initiate that confrontation despite the risk to himself. He does it to lessen the chance that a drunk will run over you daughter at a crosswalk. He stops people who fit the description of a wanted person in hopes of catching a criminal before he claims another victim, perhaps raping your daughter. What would you do in his place? Mike 
You are confusing the issues here. Zero issue stopping and talking with someone who is suspected or witnessed committing a crime. 
DUI checkpoints are 100% stop and question, with zero probable cause. Have you been in states where they run these? The road is barricaded, even turning around prior to the checkpoint leads to confrontation with the police as you are ASSUMED to be committing a crime for not wanting to be questioned. You are within your rights to be polite and refuse the checkpoint, but the fact that they exist trouble me. As do any checkpoints, as they are not based on probable cause. Gary Honeycutt 
And you've seen these checkpoints at 1pm by a suburban Baptist church? No! The probable cause lies In them being near 'the strip” at 1am where there is a history of alcohol-related incidents. Mike 
I lived in the South, these things were not targeting a specific demographic as far as I could tell, and while not at 1PM that I can recall, they weren't that late, and they sure could have been in front of a baptist church. I could have been naive about who was being targeted (I wasn't just waived through once they saw my skin color), but my point is that the location doesn't matter, nor does the target demographic, if there is one. They are unjust, and just like every other forced interaction with law enforcement, does not serve to increase the safety of LEO's. 
If police pull me over because a car that looks like mine just robbed a quickie mart, or a guy like me was just reported for beating his wife or ran off with a kid, I do not have a problem with that. They have probable cause, and the risk to their safety and mine is worth it, because they may be stopping a criminal. Stop me, detain me for a reasonable time until they can prove I am or am not who they are looking for, then let me be on my way. 
However, I've been stopped in a rural area for making a right turn on red (perfectly legal in my state) and the officer was a complete ass. Enough that had I a short fuse, it could have quickly escalated. After that encounter, and talking with the state about why the previously posted 'no turn on red sign” had been removed from that intersection for a couple of months, the fact that this officers supervisor backed him up for an unlawful stop, and threatening that they could have written me up and I would have to prove in court I didn't break the law, just proved to me that SOME police are uninterested in doing what is right depending on the circumstances. That officer had no reason to stop me (although I suspect since it was near his house, and he is a rural county officer, he couldn't control his road rage) and by doing so, he put himself at risk, as well as me. There are a million 'what ifs” in that situation, not the least of which was the fact that even though he pulled me over in the dark, along a fairly rural road, by himself, he didn't call in the stop, which is procedure for that department. I could have ended up shot, or he could have, and dispatch would have never known. 
Increasing negative interaction with the public, is never in a LEO's best interest for safety and reputation of the police as a whole. dufas_duck 
I guess that's why the police looking for a skinny Black man that is wearing a white sweatshirt and is 6 foot that just commited a robbery would shoot a short 5foot 5 kid wearing a dark gray sweat shirt in the back as he was walking down the sidewalk at a fast pace. Turned out that the man they shot was pizza delivery in a hurry to deliver the next order before it cooled off. 
Police shooting two small white females in a light blue pickup truck while the cops were looking a huge black man in a dark gray pickup truck is perfectly A-OK. 
In the town that I live in, police shot and killed a 15 year old kid while he slept… Maybe we should all congraduate the officer because he only used three bullets, he could have emptied his clip… 
Maybe the cops that you love are making things more efficient by killing anyone and everyone to save the taxpayers that you are so worried about any money. A couple of bullets is cheaper than some cop's time to find out what really is going on.. 
Of course, some of those evil people's relitives will probably sue, but so what, the tax payers will take care of that.. 
How do you feel about cops who demand sex from some random female and when she refuses, gets arrested for your 'non-compliance'… 
You would love my uncle. He was a cop and really got off when he could beat or kill someone. After about fifteen years of bullying, beating, killing, and making false charges against people, the force finally fired him…meanwhile, he ruined hundreds of lives and they were not you welfare people that he abused, it was anybody he could screw with… 
But, in your mind, police can do no wrong..maybe you are right, police are always telling us that they never do anything wrong, especialy when they investigate themselves or have a friendly agency do the investigation….. Gary Honeycutt 
I don't deny that there are a small percentage of cops that shouldn't be or wrong split-second decisions sometimes. Think about how many police officers there have been over the span of time you draw your examples from. Think about the number of times per day that an LEO comes in contact with a citizen. That taken into account, bad contacts are extremely rare. The sensationalism of all these female teachers having sex with students is stuck in everyones mind but they don't consider the huge number of teachers and students and note how statistically rare these incidents are. The incidents don't sour me on the entire education system. We need law enforcement. You are good at pointing out the flaws but do you have a solution? Will any form of policing be perfect? What is? dufas_duck 
How about having honest police and policing. While percentage wise, there is a small number of truley bad cops….. But, [there is always a but]… A large percentage of your 'good' cops will keep silent, lie, or even cover for the bad cops. That extends up through the ranks to the top of the police forces. Those honest cops that do come forward are setting themselves up to fail and eventually destroy their careers..cops don't like whistleblowers. 
The example you used, teachers having sex with students is perfect. Once it is found that a teacher has crossed the line, even a suspicion that the teacher has done something will bring immeadiate consequenses. Not so within the police. A bad policeman can get away with things multiple times, sometimes going on for years. The upper eschalon figures out ways to cover for the errant cop at almost every turn. Even if convicted, the court system will come in later on appeal and remove parts or all of any punishment. 
For years, the public was kept in the dark about 'the bad cop'. Very few were brought to justice. Only the very extreme cases of crooked cops were adjudicated. It is just lately, after public attention, that the police are starting to somewhat clean house. 
There are child molesting police officers that are still working as officers. Many are just put on probation, others are allowed to retun to police work after their incarceration. 
It would also be a boon to the public if we had a justice system instead of a legal system. A legal system can be whatever it's practicinors want it to be. A justice system looks for truth no matter where it points to. Quilified and absolute immunity for police, DAs, judges does not lend itself to anything close to 'justice'….. 
Police are a necessary evil…the are some evil people in the world, it is just too bad that many of them are police officers. Gary Honeycutt 
Keep silent, lie, or even cover? Turn off the TV and go out i to the world. Some will agree with you but if you'd said the same thing about black people there'd be trouble. Don't you think just about any group might share the same likelihood of bending the rules? They also don't like criminals in uniform and are just as likely to line up against a bad apple. Do cops get away with small indiscretions and occassionally a major crime? Probably, but more so than the general population? Interesting take on the teacher thing. I remember a fellow who got a job as a girls basketball coach at a very small rural school. He was no prize in his youth and I guess when an equally awkward underage player on his team developped a crush on him he couldn't resist. She got pregnant. And to add to a volatile situation, her uncle was the superintendent of schools! Flash ahead maybe 10 years give or take and I'm a teacher and football coach in that same system at a slightly larger rural school. I work with a married couple, both tenured teachers, probably on full retirement now after full careers without ever being fired, downsized, transferred, or any of the other things that may befall teachers during their careers. The hubby is the boys basketball coach and unofficially the assistant principle. Guess who? Yep! dufas_duck 
I've been out in the world for over 75 years. Been beat by cops and then have them later discover I wasn't the perp they were looking for. I was only lucky in that the cops didn't make up charges to cover their tails., they just lied about what went down and covered for each other. In this instance, everything happened because I was driving the same make, model, color, and year of vehicle that was used in a felony crime. On the way to jail, a radio message came in telling the cops to stand down, the perp had been caught and identified. The cops just turned around and dumped me back at my vehicle…. 
I think if you would re-read what I posted, It was the cops that I refered to as being giged for turning in another cop, not the teachers. In todays world, a teacher will be messed with just on a rumer. If you as a coach had rumers that you were messing with the kids, I don't think you would have lasted in that position…unless you are stating you were messing with the kids and no on ratted on you??? Gary Honeycutt 
No, I wasn't referring to myself. I was an outsider where the good ol' boy superintendent had a slew of relatives and even more buddies on the payroll. I think the guy in my story should've done time and never been allowed to work with kids again. dufas_duck 
Addendum: 
I get the feelig[?] that you are the type that if a policeman makes a mistake, the officer should get a pass because everybody makes mistakes. Police are supposed to be trained on how to back off those split second decisions. Even in the military, soldier makes a mistake and if it is not covered up, the soldier faces the consequenses… But, there are many that think that the killing some kid by a policeman is A-OK. Like the two policemen that were canvassing a nieghborhood, knocking on doors and a 13 year old kid opens the door while holding a PS3 game controller. Cop shouts gun and 13 shots later…an innocent kid is dead and bleeding out in his own home while the Playstation is running in the background and the cops get another pass…. That's the kind of policing that you want?? 
Yet, a mechanic makes a mistake while repairing or sevicing your vehicle and it leads to a death of an innocent person…the mechanic can be held liable… Both were mistakes…why should a mechanic be held responsible and the cop not be?? Anthony Fredericks 
There's NO EXCUSE for killing a person Gary!!! We have laws against that! No 'i'm Sorry” brings back people after being killed by over reacting cops. NO! GARY! accidents like that are NOT! EXCUSABLE!!! I don't care what job you have. Soldiers in warzones who kill innocent people are brought up on charges of murder. Why would it be o.k. for a stupid beat cop to be able to do it??? Gary Honeycutt 
Self-defense is a valid reason, and the police have as much right to it as anyone and more likelihood to find themselves in that situation due to the nature of their jobs. People like to argue the case of an unarmed attacker. Should only MMA champions be allowed to be cops? An unarmed attacker can kill you. If someone breaks into my house at night I will do whatever it takes to keep him from doing harm to myself or family, I will not wait to see if he's armed or ask his intentions. I won't refrain from using a weapon because I don't see him with one. It is not a high school wrestling match. We won't get up and shake hands after it is decided by score. If this same criminal finds me awake and decides to leave at once I will call a cop. It is his job to confront this person and resistance by the suspect places him in the same situation I was in when someone invaded my home. fluffnik 
I live in Scotland where the police do not routinely carry guns, mostly no-one dies. Anthony Fredericks 
You mean like the guy who got shot in his car for trying to give his I.D. to the cop? Or maybe you are talking about the social worker that was trying to bring back his Autistic patient and the com while he was on his back with his hands straight in the air? How about those huh GARY!?!?!? I could go on and on but a close minded sheep like you would never see the forest through the trees…. Anthony Fredericks 
SO Gary if I seen you walking towards me on the street, Got scared because you LOOKED dangerous and I 'accidentally” defended myself by blowing your head off, Then all I have to say is 'oh, sorry my bad” and because accidents happen everything is o.k. right? Take your head out of the sand…Police kill people when they think their AUTHORITY is being challenged not their lives. They are protecting their ego's. Mike 
While I won't disagree completely with your statement, blanket statements are never correct. SOME police may kill from challenges to authority. In most cases it is a kill or be killed split second decision that we, not being in the exact same position, should not second guess. What we SHOULD be second-guessing, are the supervisors, chiefs, and elected officials who hire bad cops, improperly train their officers, and put officers in harms way where they should not be. The higher-ups NEVER pay the price for those under them, whose actions they are responsible for. That is a very real problem. If we want change, we need to hold our elected officials responsible for the behavior of the officers that indirectly work for them. 
Programs such as stop and frisk, checkpoints, etc., all require a confrontation with individuals that do not need to occur. That puts officers and the public's lives at risk, neither is acceptable. The easy solution is to stop making the confrontations occur. But you do something stupid (Michael Brown) you deserve what you get. 
I wish organizations like black lives matter would pick individuals to use as martyrs who were actually victims. There are a lot of people who would agree with some of the basic ideas espoused. But when you choose the perpetrators of crime who just happened to get theirs as your martyrs, you expose your cause as being about something other than justice. Gary Honeycutt 
You can put that example back where you pulled it from…if your head isn't in the way. BJ 
That's actually standard in every part of the world except USA. It's normal for police to protect and serve – it is not normal for police to shoot first, ask later… Jack McCauley 
Will someone hurry and inform the USA… jeeeez, it's embarassing.. TroothFairy

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Antiwar / 'Unlawful' US Airstrikes Kill 300 Civilians In Syria — Bombs Dropped a Second Time to Kill First Responders 'Unlawful' US Airstrikes Kill 300 Civilians In Syria — Bombs Dropped a Second Time to Kill First Responders John Vibes October 27, 2016 Leave a comment 
As the media and the general population in the United States remain distracted by the sham elections, the US military is waging undeclared war across the middle east. Just t his week, we reported that 60 civilians were killed, and over 200 injured during a US-led airstrike in Iraq. 
Now, only a day later in Syria, 300 innocent civilians have died as a result of 11 different airstrikes conducted by a US-led coalition. 
The killings were largely absent from the major headlines in American mainstream media, but the operations were condemned by human rights organization Amnesty International. 
The organization stated that the US Central Command (CENTCOM) 'may have… carried out unlawful attacks” in Syria, killing civilians. 
Lynn Maalouf, Deputy Director for Research at Amnesty International's Beirut regional office said that the CENTCOM is downplaying the human cost of the recent attacks 
'We fear the US-led coalition is significantly underestimating the harm caused to civilians in its operations in Syria,” she said. 
'It's high time the US authorities came clean about the full extent of the civilian damage caused by coalition attacks in Syria. Independent and impartial investigations must be carried out into any potential violations of international humanitarian law and the findings should be made public,” she added. 
According to witnesses, 'double tap” airstrikes, in which the same target is attacked multiple times, ended up killing numerous first responders who were trying to save innocent victims trapped in the rubble of collapsed buildings. 
Amnesty international estimated that 300 civilians were killed in the attacks based on satellite imagery, eyewitness reports as well as media documentation from the front lines. 
'At this point, I had a two-month-old baby boy in my arms whom I had rescued. The hit caused me to fall and drop him… I fell into the hole made by the air strike. That was what saved me… My mother, aunt, wife and children – a daughter who was four years old and a son who was two and a half were all killed. The woman and her son who I'd rescued were killed. Everyone but me was killed,” one survivor told reporters. 
'Given the likely increase in air strikes by the US-led Coalition as part of the Iraqi offensive to recapture Mosul, it is even more pressing that CENTCOM be fully transparent about the impact of their military actions on civilians. And it is crucial that they adhere scrupulously to international humanitarian law, including by taking all feasible precautions to spare civilians and to minimize harm to civilian homes and infrastructure,” Maalouf of Amnesty International said. 
This is not the first time such a large death toll has occurred recently in Syria. Amnesty also documented that over 200 civilians were killed in a US-led attack on the city of Manbij, Syria. John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. John is currently battling cancer naturally , without any chemo or radiation, and will be working to help others through his experience, if you wish to contribute to his treatments please donate here . Share Social Trending 'Unlawful' US Airstrikes Kill 300 Civilians In Syria — Bombs Dropped a Second Time to Kill First Responders October 27, 2016

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / BREAKING: No-Fly Zone Declared as Militarized Police Prep for Assault on 'Front-Line Camp' at Standing Rock BREAKING: No-Fly Zone Declared as Militarized Police Prep for Assault on 'Front-Line Camp' at Standing Rock Jay Syrmopoulos October 27, 2016 Leave a comment 
Cannon Ball, ND – Pipeline opponents attempting to protect their water supply from the Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL), as well as prevent the continued destruction of burial grounds and cultural sites, are anticipating a confrontation with police today. This news come after 'water protectors” refused law enforcement requests to vacate reoccupied land in the pipeline's path, owned by Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners. 
Last week, native activists took the bold action of declaring eminent domain over their traditional territory and set up a new camp 'Front-Line” camp directly in the pipeline's path. Pipeline opponents say they have simply reclaimed the land under the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851, clearly noting the Sioux never ceded that territory. The new encampment lies across Highway 1806, where pipeline security guards armed with guard dogs and pepper spray attacked protestors attempting to stop the bulldozing of cultural sites and burial grounds on September 3. 
The impending crisis comes after nearly 200 water protectors set up the new camp on land that Energy Transfer Partners last month purchased from a local rancher in an effort to bolster strategic and tactical control of areas surrounding construction of the controversial pipeline. 
According to the AP , however, the Native Americans claim the land is theirs by way of an '1851 treaty and they won't leave until the pipeline is stopped.” 'We never ceded this land,” said protester Joye Braun. 
This latest flashpoint in the ongoing conflict is north of the larger and more permanent encampments, which have been constructed on federally owned land where over 200 Native American tribes have gathered to oppose the pipeline's construction. 
On Wednesday, a heavily militarized law enforcement presence began mobilizing heavy equipment, including Humvees, armored personnel carriers, buses and demanded the protestors leave the occupied area. 
In an ominous sign, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has restricted flights , and banned the use of drones within a radius of about 4 ½ miles of Cannon Ball. The FAA declared that only aircraft affiliated with the North Dakota Tactical Operation Center are allowed within the restricted airspace. The flight restriction went into effect Wednesday and will last until November 5. 
Indian Country Today reports : 
What began with prayers and a single tipi alongside Highway 1806 quickly grew to more than a dozen tipis surrounded by tents, buses, cars and hundreds of water protectors. Some are calling it the '1851 Treaty Camp” to acknowledge their Treaty rights. 
Across the road is the encroaching pipeline and a heavily militarized police force with armored vehicles, helicopters, planes, ATVs and busloads of officers. Tensions are growing as unarmed citizens worry that police will use unnecessarily harsh tactics. 
In recent weeks, nearly 300 unarmed water protectors who were arrested have been subjected to pepper spray, strip-searches, delayed bail, exaggerated charges and physical violence, according to interviews with several who were taken into custody. The ACLU and National Lawyers Guild recently sent attorneys to Standing Rock to help the Red Owl Collective, a team of volunteer lawyers headed by attorney Bruce Ellison, who are representing many of those arrested. 
The massive law enforcement contingent, consisting of sheriff's deputies and officers from numerous other states and counties, as well as National Guard, began staging near the encampment — with scores of Armored Personnel Carriers, buses and Humvees poised at the ready. 
'At some point the rule of law has to be enforced,” Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney said Wednesday. 'We could go down there at any time. We're trying not to.” 
Dakota Access LLC, the pipeline developer released a statement encouraging trespassers to 'vacate the land immediately” or be 'removed from the land.” 
'Alternatively and in coordination with local law enforcement and county/state officials, all trespassers will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and removed from the land,” the company said. 'Lawless behavior will not be tolerated.” 
Just days ago, sheriff's officials had said earlier they didn't have the resources to immediately remove activists from the private land, about 50 miles south of Bismarck. Subsequently, law enforcement officials put out a call for reinforcements, with hundreds of officers from out of state responding. 
On Wednesday, actor and environmental activist Mark Ruffalo and civil rights leader Rev. Jesse Jackson went to the new camp to speak and pray with the water protectors. Ruffalo had arrived the night before to speak on an anti-DAPL panel with Native activists at the Prairie Knights Casino and Hotel, according to Indian Country Today. 
After touring the camp Jackson spoke to the crowd, reminding people that nonviolence is key to winning the battle for justice. 
'With promises broken, land stolen, and sacred lands desecrated, the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe is standing up for their right to clean water. They have lost land for settlers to farm, more land for gold in the Black Hills, and then again even more land for the damn (sic) that was built for flood control and hydro power,” Jackson said. 
When will the taking stop? When will we start treating the first peoples of these lands with the respect and honor they deserve? 
The rerouting of the pipeline away from Bismarck to its current route is 'the ripest case of environmental racism I've seen in a long time,” Jackson said. 'Bismarck residents don't want their water threatened, so why is it okay for North Dakota to react with guns and tanks when Native Americans ask for the same right?” 
The pipeline was originally scheduled to run north of Bismarck until local residents expressed displeasure with the plan, with the DAPL ultimately being rerouted to its current trajectory near the Oceti Sakowin Standing Rock Reservation. 
With an impending militarized police raid of the camp, Mekasi Camp-Horinek, one of the camp coordinators, told officers the protesters planned to stand their ground, saying 'Do what you've got to do,” according to the Bismarck Tribune 
'I don't have a crystal ball to know when it will happen, but we know it will happen,” said Mekasi Camp-Horinek, a member of the Ponca tribe in Oklahoma. 'We're going to hold this ground.” 
Water protectors could be heard chanting, 'Stand in peace against the beast.” 
'I'm here to die if I have to. I don't want to die but I will,” said Didi Banerji, who lives in Toronto but is originally from the Spirit Lake Sioux reservation in North Dakota. 
The protesters are simply trying to keep law enforcement from preventing their efforts to stop the pipeline said David Red Bear Jr., 30, from the South Dakota side of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. 
'If we don't stop them here, they're going to cut us off closer to the pipeline. We can't let that happen,” Red Bear said. 'We're not trying to force anybody's hand. We're just trying to stand up for what we believe in.” 
The reality is that the citizens of North Dakota are funding a protection force, in the form of police, for a multi-billion dollar corporate entity. North Dakota's Emergency Commission previously approved $6 million in emergency funding for law enforcement costs related to the protest — with almost all of those funds having been used already. The Department of Emergency Services plans to ask for more, spokeswoman Cecily Fong said. 
Do North Dakotans want their tax money spent on police acting as paid enforcers for Wall Street and big oil interests? 
While law enforcement claims they are just doing their job and enforcing the law, in reality, they are acting as enforcers for an unjust corporate oligarchy that consistently puts money over people. The financial elite are the ones who the police are truly protecting and serving — not the American people. 
Please share this article and stand with Standing Rock! Share Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Project Veritas Releases Fourth Video Exposing Illegal Contributions and High Level Political Corruption Project Veritas Releases Fourth Video Exposing Illegal Contributions and High Level Political Corruption Jack Burns October 27, 2016 1 Comment 
As The Free Thought Project has reported, Project Veritas ' undercover sting operation, of the Clinton Campaign and the Democratic National Committee's alleged subversive tactics using Democracy Partners and Americans United for Change, has now been exposed for the whole world to see. This week, PV released the fourth video in their series, and once again, Democracy Partners' founder, Robert Creamer, is at the center of the controversy (It must be noted DP makes no mention on its website of Creamer as its founder and currently has him listed as a consultant ). 
Creamer, who visited the White House 342 times (47 of those with Barack H. Obama), was caught on PV's fourth video, and in emails, arranging an illegal $20,000 foreign contribution to Americans United for Change (AUFC), the same group which proudly stated was creating chaos at Trump events. 
Activists at PV arranged the donation with the knowledge it was illegal, to see if AUFC would take the bait. They did. And in return, they agreed to unwittingly take on another PV activist as an AUFC staffer. In other words, PV paid AUFC $20K, and was allowed to place the pseudo-donor's 'niece” inside the organization, a move PV felt was worthwhile to be able to expose the organization's dirty deeds. It worked. 
PV's first video revealed AUFC's Scott Foval coordinated and arranged for paid instigators to go out and 'start shit” with Trump protesters, all of which was caught on tape for the mainstream media to use in its echo chamber to paint Trump and his supporters as racists, xenophobes and bigots. 
PV's second video showed how AUFC's organization and its affiliates commit intentional mass voter fraud. The second video is an instructional video of sorts on, 'how to successfully commit voter fraud on a massive scale,” according to PV president James O'Keefe. 
In the third PV video, Creamer can be seen stating Hillary Clinton herself wanted 'ducks on the ground” in some bizarre idea to stage anti-Trump demonstrations by activists dressed as Donald Duck. The DNC's Donna Brazelle was also implicated in collaboration with the scheme. 
But it's the fourth video today that's getting all of the attention now, as it purports to show AUFC knowingly received a $20,000 illegal wire transfer out of Belize. Creamer, who we know has a close relationship with the White House via visitor logs, also brags about his friendship with Barack Obama, and intimates he can arrange meetings with the president and the former secretary of state, for a price. 
'I've known the president since he was a community organizer in Chicago,” Creamer proudly stated adding, 'Every morning, I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign (Clinton) headquarters.” With Creamer having spent nearly a year inside the White House, and his relationship with the president, it may be easy for some to conclude the Obama administration was also involved in Creamer's schemes. 
PV invented the donor and shell company based in Belize, Charles C. Roth III of Repulse Bay Company, who the organization claimed to Democracy Partners was a rich donor who wanted to make a difference and stop Trump from becoming the next POTUS. Creamer then tapped the president of AUFC, Brad Woodhouse, to iron out the details of the illegal contribution. The wire transfer was arranged and transmitted. Creamer confirmed as much. 
On a recorded phone call Creamer can be heard saying the funds 'absolutely came through.” In exchange for the donation, the outspoken friend of the Obamas granted an internship to Roth's niece, an undercover PV journalist, to work inside Democracy Partners. 
In another recorded video session, Creamer can be seen and overheard describing what he and his partners at AUFC do. Creamer stated he gets his marching orders at his 10:30 conference call to troll the Trump/Pence campaign creating incidents for the 'earned media” to cover which echo the message the Clinton campaign wanted to project. That 'earned media”, as we've come to realize through the latest email dump by Wikileaks, is the mainstream media which is apparently in the tank for Clinton. 
Creamer also discussed allegations of sexual misconduct by Trump accusers and intimated those allegations came first through his organization's connections, which is a contention Trump made at the third and final debate with Clinton. Creamer also hinted around at the possibility of arranging a meeting between Roth and Obama. 'I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues,” he stated plainly adding, 'helping to run issue campaigns (immigration, ACA, gun violence).” 
While the PV sting was focused on the presidential election of 2016, and the White House, the DNC, and the Clinton Campaign's involvement in painting Donald Trump as a racist, xenophobe, and bigot, Creamer's comment on his involvement in working with the White House on issues of gun violence, leaves more questions than answers. 
As an aside, here you have a well-connected political hit man like Creamer, working with AUFC to create violence, chaos and anarchy at Trump rallies, discussing his role in promoting gun violence issues for the White House. Taken together, considering Creamers comments and actions, all may lend credibility to conspiracy theorists' claims the Obama administration has been actively promoting false flag school shootings, on-air shootings of reporters, and mall shootings, all in an attempt to sway the American public against the people's right to keep and bear arms (2 nd Amendment to the U.S. Constitution). Creamer admitted as much saying he was, 'trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.” 
Turning again to PV fourth video, upon realizing PV was soon to go public with its expose', AUFC returned the 20k foreign company shell company donation on September 9 th . O'Keefe, as an epilogue to the video, openly wondered why AUFC held onto the funds for a month before returning what they undoubtedly knew to be an illegal contribution. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Flex Your rights / BREAKING: Oregon Standoff Leaders Acquitted For Malheur Wildlife Refuge Takeover BREAKING: Oregon Standoff Leaders Acquitted For Malheur Wildlife Refuge Takeover Jay Syrmopoulos October 27, 2016 2 Comments 
Portland, OR – The group of men who seized the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, in rural Oregon were found not guilty late Thursday, vindicating brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy after the 41-day standoff that brought nationwide focus to long-running dispute over federal control of rural land in the Western United States. 
According to a report in by the Associated Press : 
A jury found brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy not guilty a firearm in a federal facility and conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs at the 300 miles southeast of Portland where the trial took place. Five co-defendants also were tried one or both of the charges. Ammon Bundy has a house in Emmett. 
Despite the acquittal, the Bundys were expected to stand trial in Nevada early next year on charges stemming from another high-profile standoff with federal agents. Authorities rounding up cattle at their father Cliven Bundy's ranch in 2014 because of unpaid grazing fees released the animals as they faced armed protesters. 
The Bundy family initially made headlines in 2013 when the Bureau of Land Management brought armed agents in to seize rancher Cliven Bundy's cattle after his refusal to pay federal authorities a massive debt – which he claims is illegitimate. 
In response to the militarized response in Nevada by the BLM, militia from across the U.S. mobilized and coordinated a response which saw hundreds of armed Americans stand up to what they perceived as vast federal overreach. 
What the government thought would be an open-and-shut case was anything but. The group never denied they seized the refuge while armed or that they made demands of the government. 
'Ladies and gentlemen, this case is not a whodunit,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Ethan Knight said in his closing argument, making the argument the group illegally commandeered a federal building. 
The AP reports: 
On technical grounds, the defendants said they never discussed stopping individual workers from accessing their offices but merely wanted the land and the buildings. On emotional grounds, Ammon Bundy and other defendants argued that the takeover was an act of civil disobedience against an out-of-control federal government that has crippled the rural West. 
Federal prosecutors took two weeks to present their case, finishing with a display of more than 30 guns seized after the standoff. An FBI agent testified that 16,636 live rounds and nearly 1,700 spent casings were found. 
Ammon Bundy spent three days testifying in his own defense, focusing on the fact that federal overreach is destroying rural Western communities that have relied on the land — for generations in many cases. Bundy made clear that the plan was to simply take control of the refuge by occupation, while eventually returning it to local control. 
Originally, 26 occupiers were charged with conspiracy. Eleven pleaded guilty, while another had the charge dropped. Seven defendants have not yet been tried. Their trial is scheduled to begin February 14, according to the AP. 
Shortly after the verdict was announced, an Oregon-area reporter posted to Twitter that Ammon Bundy's attorney Marcus Mumford was tackled by U.S. Marshals after insisting that Bundy should be allowed to be released from custody, with the judge subsequently ordering the courtroom cleared. 
The armed occupiers took control of the remote bird sanctuary on January 2, in response to the prison sentences given to two local ranchers, Dwight and Steven Hammond, after being convicted of arson in relation to an ongoing dispute with the BLM. Upon occupying the refuge the group demanded that the father and son be freed and that federal officials cede control of publicly held lands to local control. 
Ultimately, the Bundy brothers and a number of their fellow occupiers were arrested in an ambush style attack, while on the way to negotiate with a Sheriff. It ended with officers gunning down Robert 'LaVoy” Finnicum – a charismatic group spokesman. Currently, numerous federal SRT agents are under investigation for lying about firing at the occupiers' vehicle during the ambush. 
The majority of the remaining occupants left the refuge in the wake of Finnicum's killing, with four holdouts negotiating their surrender until February 11. 
In the wake of the verdict, both the FBI and U.S. Attorney's Office also expressed disappointment. 
U.S. Attorney Billy J. Williams said his office 'respects the verdict of the jury and thanks them for their dedicated service during this long and difficult trial.” 
'For many weeks, hundreds of law enforcement officers — federal, state, and local — worked around-the-clock to resolve the armed occupation at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge peacefully. We believe now — as we did then — that protecting and defending this nation through rigorous obedience to the U.S. Constitution is our most important responsibility. Although we are extremely disappointed in the verdict, we respect the court and the role of the jury in the American judicial system.” – Greg Bretzing, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Oregon 
Regardless of the sentiments of those in government and law enforcement, the jury carried out justice — with this verdict solidifying that the killing of LaVoy Finnicum was nothing less than criminal . 
Revealing exactly why the 2nd Amendment is so important to a free people, Bundy testified that the reason occupiers chose to carry guns was because they understood that they would be immediately arrested otherwise and needed to protect themselves against possible government violence. 
There is no mistaking the difference in law enforcement's response to unarmed protestors — versus those that exercise their right to bear arms. One need look no further than the ongoing protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline at Standing Rock – which has been met with numerous militarized and violent crackdowns on non-violent water protectors – to see exactly how differently armed protestors are treated. Share Google + tz1 
'Armed Occupiers”? Really? Out west, that is like saying 'cowboy hat wearing occupiers”, or 'warmly dressed occupiers”. Or 'white occupiers”. Joseph Slabaugh 
Having your gun with you (second amendment) while protesting the government for 'redress of grievances”, does not mean they broke a law. They did not threaten anyone. They did not kill anyone, unlike the government thugs. Social

ARTICLE

Hotel CEO Caught Celebrating Using Government to Make Airbnb Illegal So They Can Price Gouge Home / Badge Abuse / Enraged Cop Flips Out When Her Car is Towed for Illegal Parking — Pulls Gun on Tow Truck Driver Enraged Cop Flips Out When Her Car is Towed for Illegal Parking — Pulls Gun on Tow Truck Driver Matt Agorist May 2, 2016 29 Comments 
Orange County, FL — Deputy Tracy Weiss was off-duty last month when she noticed that her illegally parked truck was being towed. The way she acted next could have landed a normal person in jail. However, because Weiss is a deputy with the Orange County Sheriff's department, that will likely not happen. 
When Weiss noticed that her truck was being towed, she jumped into another vehicle and then drove the wrong way down a one-way street to block the driver in who had towed her car. 
When she exits the vehicle, according to the tow truck driver, she had her gun drawn. When he saw the gun, the driver pulled out his camera phone and began to record. 
'I'm a cop. Drop my truck,” yelled Weiss. 
'You need to put your gun away,” replied the driver. 
'You see a gun?” Weiss asked, acting as if she didn't have one once she saw the camera. 
'Yes. It's in your pocket,” the driver said. 
'I am a cop,” she yelled. 'You're going to f**king jail for stealing my car.” 
'I'm not going to jail,” the driver responded. 
'Whatever,” Weiss said before storming off to wait for backup. 
When deputies arrived on scene, they confirmed that Weiss did, in fact, have a gun. 
'She had a gun in her hand pointed at me,” said the driver. 
In a small victory for the driver, the deputies refused to back up Weiss and allowed him to tow the truck as he was well within the law to do so. Also, instead of the normal impound fee of $62.50, Weiss had to pay double as she held the driver up for more than 15 minutes. 
Afraid that deputies may single him out later, the tow truck driver chose to remain anonymous. But he did say that had Weiss approached him calmly he would have gladly given her the truck back free of charge. 
'That's when I was even more shocked that I was seeing that kind of behavior from a deputy. That would be the last person I would expect to be behaving that way,” the driver said. 'I expected a little bit different from a professional. (They're someone) that's supposed to be trained to handle situations like this.” 
According to a report obtained by WFTV, Weiss is no angel. Weiss' disciplinary record revealed she was suspended in 2008 for violating OCSO's use of authority policy. 
Weiss was suspended for 21 hours without pay after she was accused of acting inappropriately regarding a business arrangement, the Sheriff's Office's said. 
According to the Sheriff's Office, the incident is now under an internal investigation, but there will not be a full report until the investigation is complete. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist Share

ARTICLE

Project Veritas Releases Fourth Video Exposing Illegal Contributions and High Level Political Corruption Home / #Solutions / A Humanitarian Crisis is Unfolding at #NoDaplProtest and The Media is Silent — Here's How You Can Help A Humanitarian Crisis is Unfolding at #NoDaplProtest and The Media is Silent — Here's How You Can Help Claire Bernish October 28, 2016 1 Comment 
North Dakota — A humanitarian crisis is unfolding inside the United States as thousands of Native Americans, indigenous people from around the world, and advocates from every walk of life camp in North Dakota in support of Standing Rock Sioux Tribe water protectors opposing construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. 
Slated to run under the Missouri River, the pipeline poses a direct threat to the drinking water supply of the Standing Rock Reservation and at least 18 million people downstream, particularly given Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) — the company in charge of construction — has a horrendous safety record marked by thousands of leaks and spills in the last six years, alone. 
Despite remaining peaceful on the whole, the protectors of the water have been met with needless escalation and indiscriminate violence by taxpayer-funded, heavily militarized law enforcement protectors of Big Oil and Wall Street — whose vested interests in exporting North Dakota's sweet, light crude apparently trump human rights and basic decency. 
On Thursday, tensions exploded when law enforcement — armed with lethal and nonlethal weaponry and backed by tanks and MRAPS — implemented a no-fly zone and descended on water protectors attempting to block access by construction crews, including some in the midst of prayer. 
Employing LRAD sound cannon technology, 'nonlethal' beanbag projectiles, Tasers, pepper spray, and mace against the unarmed crowd, law enforcement forcefully cleared the blockade — affecting more than 140 arrests and injuring dozens in the process. 
'The protesters are not being peaceful or prayerful,” Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney said in a press statement cited by ABC News . 'Law enforcement has been very methodical in moving ahead slowly as to not escalate the situation. However, the protesters are using very dangerous means to slow us down. Their aggressive tactics include using horses, fire and trying to flank us with horses and people.” 
Witnesses on the scene, backed by patchy live stream and recorded video , paint a sharply contrasting picture of the incident. An elder in ceremonial clothing was arrested while praying during #NoDAPL protests (pics: @UR_Ninja @_Native_Life ) https://t.co/10gbqmvS0e pic.twitter.com/hmepGg35NV 
— RT America (@RT_America) October 27, 2016 
'Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear today,” said Standing Rock Sioux Tribal Chairman Dave Archambault II in a statement . 'We continue to pray for peace. We call on the state of North Dakota to oversee the actions of local law enforcement to, first and foremost, ensure everyone's safety. The Department of Justice must send overseers immediately to ensure the protection of First Amendment rights and the safety of thousands here at Standing Rock. DOJ can no longer ignore our requests. If harm comes to any who come here to stand in solidarity with us, it is on their watch. They must step in and hold the state of North Dakota and Morton County accountable for their acts of violence against innocent, prayerful people.” VIdeo of police shooting into crowd of water protectors cc: @UNPeacekeeping #NoDAPL https://t.co/7ggsEZ6bUY pic.twitter.com/O5mRsptxZq 
— Occupy Wall Street (@OccupyWallStNYC) October 27, 2016 
Indeed, for weeks, many witnesses have recounted the same violent tactics against those engaged in prayer, as Danny Grassrope told ABC News on Saturday, 'This weekend we went to go demonstrate with peaceful action. We went to go pray. Then while we were praying, the cops came and told us we couldn't be there. We were just standing there and then this police officer came and opened up with some pepper spray. We weren't antagonizing them or anything, we were just praying.” 
So absurdly overzealous was the police response to the unarmed crowd on Thursday, even proponents of the pipeline took to social media to voice deep concerns about the needless escalation. 
Such incidents are only likely to continue, as water protectors have vowed to peacefully resist until ETP completely abandons plans to construct the Dakota Access Pipeline — which, incidentally, won't even benefit Americans in any way as the crude it transports will be shipped overseas to line the pockets of investors in the project. 
That resistance and protection of the water supply of millions could come at a steep price in the very near future — an unusually bitter winter looms on the horizon. 
North Dakota winters are notorious for biting winds, heavy snowfall, and generally brutal conditions — but the forecast for this winter predicts lower than average temperatures. By the end of November, daytime highs will hover around the low 30s Fahrenheit, and will continue to slip downward through the month of December into the 20s and even teens. 
January highs for the Bismarck area average just 24 degrees in a given year — but January 2017, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association, will be much colder, with many days not even close to breaking 20 degrees, and lows in the negative digits. And that bleak picture doesn't account for wind chill — roughly, the temperature and wind speed combination which affects the rate of the body's heat loss when exposed to the elements — and North Dakota's winter winds are higher than the national average. 
Because the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and their supporters view protection of water — which they consider a living entity — as an unequivocal duty, encampments in various locations include particularly vulnerable populations, including elders, women, and children. 
In no uncertain terms, this is a dangerous set of circumstances. 
These encampments have been preparing to deal with frigid conditions, but are in desperate need of support from those empathetic to their cause. After all, this is not a protest by any stretch of the imagination, despite mainstream media's narrative. This movement, this resistance — unprecedented in size and scope in over a century — concerns every person reliant on not only the Missouri River, but every water source in the country. 
So, if you have wanted to support the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in protecting the water but are unable to travel to the camps in person, there are still a number of ways you can help — and it is sorely needed. Remember, Native American reservation populations are among the most impoverished in the nation, thanks to centuries of exploitation and unkept government promises — simply going to a big box store and purchasing necessary supplies isn't an option. 
But many of us can spare a little to help support those on the front lines who are protecting all of us from poisoned water. 
Perhaps the easiest way to donate is through the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe's PayPal fund, which will be allotted for 'legal, sanitary, and emergency purposes,” and can be found here , or through the Tribe's GoFundMe page, here . 
If you would prefer to write a check, make it payable to 'Standing Rock Sioux Tribe” and send it to: Standing Rock Sioux Tribe

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Assange Claims 'Crazed' Clinton Campaign Tried to Hack WikiLeaks Assange Claims 'Crazed' Clinton Campaign Tried to Hack WikiLeaks The Free Thought Project October 28, 2016 Leave a comment 
(RT) — Julian Assange has claimed the Hillary Clinton campaign has attacked the servers being used by WikiLeaks. Despite the Ecuadorian embassy shutting down his internet until the US election is over, the website will continue publishing, according to Assange. 
'Everyday that you publish is a day that you have the initiative in the conflict,” Assange said via telephone at a conference in Argentina on Wednesday. 
The whistleblowing website has been releasing emails from Clinton's campaign chair, John Podesta, on a daily basis since early October. 
Assange claimed the release 'whipped up a crazed hornet's nest atmosphere in the Hillary Clinton campaign” leading them to attack WikiLeaks. 
' They attacked our servers and attempted hacking attacks and there is an amazing ongoing campaign where state documents were put in the UN and British courts to accuse me of being both a Russian spy and a pedophile,” he added. 
Ecuador's decision to shut down his internet was described by Assange as a 'strategic position” so that its 'policy of non-intervention can't be misinterpreted by actors in the US and even domestically in Ecuador.” 
He said he was sympathetic with Ecuador, insisting they face the dilemma of having the US interfere with their elections next year if they appear to interfere with the US elections next month. MORE: #WikiLeaks has activated contingency plans after #Assange 's internet link was intentionally cut off https://t.co/octsMseme1 
— RT (@RT_com) October 17, 2016 
Assange, who claimed the embassy will be without internet until the election is over to avoid accusations of interference, said he did not agree with Ecuador's decision but did understand it. WikiLeaks will not be affected by the decision as they do not publish from Ecuador, he said. 
He did, however, reject the idea that WikiLeaks is interfering with the US election, claiming, 'this is not the interference of electoral process, this is the definition of electoral process – for media organizations and, in fact, everyone to publish the truth and their opinion about what is occurring. It cannot be a free and informed election unless people are free to inform.” 
He also attacked US TV networks, many of whom he accused of being 'controlled by Clinton supporters.” We were fastest on #Podestaemails6 , faster than @wikileaks , and the US conspiracy machine can't handle it https://t.co/njAae50qDd 
— RT (@RT_com) October 13, 2016 
The Podesta emails will make no difference to the election result, according to Assange. 'I don't think there's any chance of Donald Trump winning the election, even with the amazing material we are publishing, because most of the media organizations are strongly aligned with Hillary Clinton,” he said. 
Assange said journalists and people who work in the media are predominantly middle class and view Trump as representing 'what in their mind is white trash.” Share Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Decorated 'Hero' Cop Caught Using His Authority to Steal $170,000 in State Fees Decorated 'Hero' Cop Caught Using His Authority to Steal $170,000 in State Fees John Vibes October 28, 2016 Leave a comment 
Detroit, MI – Disgraced Michigan State Trooper Seth Swanson was charged with embezzlement this week for pocketing thousands in false fees. 
The 31-year-old trooper allegedly stole $170,100 in vehicle fees through an inspections scheme that he ran, where he would forge documentation on potentially stolen vehicles. 
The Michigan Attorney General's Office issued the following state ment detailing Swanson's theft operation: 
'Police officers are given great trust and responsibility, and for that reason are held to a higher standard. When you break the trust you are given and in the process break the law, there are consequences, no matter who you are or what your profession. I want to thank the Michigan State Police and FBI's Detroit Area Public Corruption Task Force for their hard work on this investigation.” 
According to investigators, Swanson was a state-certified salvage vehicle inspector since 2011. As an inspector, Swanson was responsible for overseeing salvage vehicle inspections, during which a $100 fee is collected. For over a year, Swanson allegedly pocketed these fees and forged the forms that authorized the salvage. 
Swanson is accused of applying this scam to 1,701 vehicles, bringing in a total of $170,100. 
After he was charged, Swanson was forced to resign from the police department. 
Police spokesperson Andrea Bitely told reporters that 'Our office , in conjunction with the Michigan State Police and Secretary of State, are working together to make sure that all vehicles involved in this case have, actually have a proper salvage vehicle inspection, and we'll contact the registered owners of the vehicles to make sure we arrange for now inspection in a timely manner.” 
Prior to his crimes as an inspector, Swanson was praised in the media as a 'hero” in 2013 for being one of the first responders to a large pile-up. 
Swanson and his lawyers are attempting to use his past media fame as a defense in this most recent case, despite the fact that it is entirely irrelevant. 
Defense attorney John Freeman said that Swanson is still a 'hero.” 
'These charges don't detract from the fact that Trooper Swanson was a real-life hero and was a good trooper. It's easy for people to lose sight of that fact,” Freeman said. 
Swanson was released on $10,000 bond and is currently awaiting trial. 
Below is a video from 2013 in which Swanson was hailed as a hero. John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. John is currently battling cancer naturally , without any chemo or radiation, and will be working to help others through his experience, if you wish to contribute to his treatments please donate here . Share Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Shots Fired, 117 Arrests Made as Militarized Police Remove Pipeline Protesters Shots Fired, 117 Arrests Made as Militarized Police Remove Pipeline Protesters The Free Thought Project October 28, 2016 1 Comment 
Standing Rock, ND — (RT) Hundreds of police in riot gear and with heavy military equipment have moved Dakota Access Pipeline protesters from their encampment on private land in North Dakota. Police have reportedly arrested at least 117 demonstrators so far. 
'117 protesters have been arrested [as of 8:15 pm Thursday]. Morton County will be utilizing other jails in this mass arrest operation,” said Donnell Hushka, a spokeswoman for the Morton County, North Dakota, Sheriff's Department. 
Police have entered the sacred ground camp and surrounded protesters there. Livestream videos showed more than one hundred protesters on the front line. Police have protesters more or less surrounded. #noDAPL pic.twitter.com/G4xGQuXpZM 
— Jason Patinkin (@JasonPatinkin) October 27, 2016 
The Morton County Sheriff's Office confirmed to the Associated Press that it had cleared the private land of protesters around 6:30pm EST Thursday. 
Shortly after 7:00pm EST Thursday, the sheriff's office posted on its Facebook page that 'one woman has been arrested for firing a weapon at the police line near Highway 1806.” 
The sheriff's office just after 8:00pm EST stated in a Facebook post that it received reports of 'several incidents involving firearms.” One 'involved a private individual who was run off the road by protestors. The victim was shot in the hand and is being treated. An investigation in underway. No law enforcement was involved with this shooting.” 
With regard to the woman arrested, the sheriff's office said she 'pulled a .38 caliber revolver and fired three shots at law enforcement, narrowly missing a sheriff's deputy.” The sheriff's office claims it did not fire any shots when taking her into custody. 
'Ten shots were reported in the area. It's possible it is local hunters. This incident is under investigation,” the Facebook post concluded. BREAKING: Sheriff: Dakota Access pipeline protesters cleared from private property. 
— The Associated Press (@AP) October 27, 2016 
According to KFYR, police made 16 arrests by evening time Thursday. 
'The protesters are not being peaceful or prayerful. Law enforcement has been very methodical in moving ahead slowly as to not escalate the situation. However, the protesters are using very dangerous means to slow us down. Their aggressive tactics include using horses, fire and trying to flank us with horses and people,” said Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney in a press release Thursday. 16 arrests at DAPL today…. #kfyrkafe 
— KFYR AM 550 (@KFYR550) October 27, 2016 
'Move to the south,” police said over the loudspeaker. 
'We see some of you have bows. Do not shoot bows and arrows at us,” they added, as protesters laughed. 
National Guard troops and police removed tents and other possessions from the new encampment, which the Standing Rock Sioux tribe says is sacred land granted to them via treaty in 1851. 
Police also dismantled the barricade across the road. 
As police corralled the protesters southward, some activists remained facing the police and even engaged with them while walking backwards. Atsa E'sha Hoferer was livestreaming on Facebook, telling officers that they should be on the side of the protests and that they too would suffer from contaminated water should the pipeline burst. Police are pulling down tents now. Just saw them spray paint an X on a teepee. pic.twitter.com/nNrWRPDggP 
— Caroline Grueskin (@cgrueskin) October 27, 2016 
The stand-off with police had lasted for several hours before authorties moved closer to the camp and started arresting people. The number of arrested is currently unclear. 
The protesters are currently blocking state Highway 1806, which law enforcement is attempting to clear using cop cars and military – style vehicles. Police said they will defend themselves against horses if necessary #DAPL #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/5yWqKBUeGW 
— wes enzinna (@wesenzinna) October 27, 2016 
Police have said that they will defend themselves against horses, journalist Wes Enzinna tweeted. 
'Do not ride horses at the police,” law enforcement announced. 
'You're endangering people's lives by what you're doing,” police told the protesters, telling them to move south or be arrested. People will not be arrested if they return to the main camp, one officer said at the barricade. 
Protesters are burning tires, logs and other objects, sending smoke onto the roadway. A car has also been torched, journalist Jason Patinkin tweeted. 
— Jason Patinkin (@JasonPatinkin) October 27, 2016 
Although the Federal Aviation Administration has restricted flights over the Cannon Ball area until November 5, there is a police helicopter above the faceoff, journalist Antonia Juhasz tweeted. 
More than 260 protesters have been arrested in the weeks leading up to Thursday's operation, AP reported. 
In the morning police made a line in front of the fence and the company workers are behind them. The tents of the so-called North Camp were located a stone's throw away from the police line. Authorities insist that this camp should be removed, according to activist Atsa E'sha Hoferer live-streaming from the site. 
People on the barricades are retreating peacefully amid chants of 'hands up, don't shoot!” 
People are moving from the road towards the construction site. 'We might as well get arrested defending the sacred,” a protester told the Bismarck Tribune's Caroline Grueskin. We need to band together and keep the pressure up against them. One is a map of Native American reservations the other is the DAPL. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/VQ5MXgXkpY 
— Bart Starr Mistrot (@bartmistrot) October 27, 2016 
Construction on the pipeline has resumed within sight of the confrontation on the state highway. While police came from north and things riled up, pipeline construction restarted to west. False flag much? pic.twitter.com/XxgC7vH11Z 
— Jason Patinkin (@JasonPatinkin) October 27, 2016 
'Protesters' escalated unlawful behavior this weekend by setting up illegal roadblocks, trespassing onto private property and establishing an encampment, has forced law enforcement to respond at this time. As I said yesterday, I visited the protesters roadblock and requested them to remove the barricade and have protesters vacate the private property. However, the spokesperson at the roadblock, Mekasi Camp-Horinek of Oklahoma, told law enforcement they 'were not moving',” Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier said in a statement . 'I can't stress it enough, this is a public safety issue. We cannot have protesters blocking county roads, blocking state highways, or trespassing on private property.” So @potus , this means you're going to remove the National Guard from Standing Rock and cancel DAPL, right? Right? #NoDAPL https://t.co/FVV5KsgUom

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Blue Privilege in Action: Video Shows Cop Crashing into Cars & Fleeing Police — No Arrest, No Charges Blue Privilege in Action: Video Shows Cop Crashing into Cars & Fleeing Police — No Arrest, No Charges Jay Syrmopoulos October 28, 2016 Leave a comment 
Oroville, CA – In footage that looks like it came straight out of Broken Lizard's Super Troopers, a California state parks law enforcement officer was caught on video crashing his police SUV into a power pole and parked vehicle – then attempting to flee from responding officers . 
The incident happened just before 2p.m. on Thursday afternoon, with video showing Daniel Kenney, 43, driving a state parks vehicle into a parked car and telephone pole, according to the California Highway Patrol. 
The bizarre scene shows officers around the vehicle after the crash, with one cop eventually smashing out the passenger window. Seemingly in response to the window being broken the vehicle lunges forward, then backward, in an apparent attempt to flee from officers – who can be heard yelling 'stop” repeatedly. 
Kenney then came to a stop at the traffic lights momentarily, as police continued to command him to stop the vehicle. As an officer approached the driver side door, the vehicle abruptly takes off down the street with officers giving chase. 
According to Photography is Not a Crime : 
Daniel Kenney, who is listed as a state park peace officer supervisor, was then handed over to his department, who promptly placed him on paid administrative leave. 
Kenney, a K-9 officer who made more than $95,000 last year, was the recipient of the 2012 Top Dog Award along with his dog Kilo for 'demonstrating the best discipline, teamwork, and overall skills.” 
It is not clear if Kilo was in the car with him as he made his getaway but the video shows the words 'K-9 Unit, Stay Back” on the side of his patrol car. 
Meanwhile, a man sitting inside the parked vehicle that was struck by Kenney's patrol car was also transported to the hospital with minor injuries, according to Action News Now. 
The incident was so bizarre that the individual filming can be heard wrongly making the assumption that a civilian was driving the vehicle, most likely believing the vehicle was stolen. Eventually, Kenney was pulled over and placed in handcuffs – and after being found to not be under the influence of alcohol or drugs – he was released to state park supervisors and taken to a hospital for evaluation. 
The fact that this man was not arrested seemingly speaks to there being a separate set of rules for law enforcement, than for the rest of society. Although perhaps there were mitigating circumstances that haven't been made public, there is a stark appearance of impropriety. Kenney has not been arrested or charged with anything, but has been put on paid administrative leave. 
The reality is that if this had been a civilian driving the vehicle the police would likely have shot and killed the driver and claimed they feared for their lives — as we have seen happen numerous times . 
Do you think you would receive the same treatment as this man in similar circumstances? Let us know in the comments, and please share this wild video! Share Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / #Solutions / Crisis of Conscience? Obama Frees Scores of Drug Offenders from Prison, Including 42 Lifers, Days Before Election Crisis of Conscience? Obama Frees Scores of Drug Offenders from Prison, Including 42 Lifers, Days Before Election Matt Agorist October 28, 2016 1 Comment 
'Prison is for rapists, thieves, and murderers. If you lock someone up for smoking a plant that makes them happy, you're the fucking criminal.” – Joe Rogan 
Washington D.C. — The timeless words of Joe Rogan seem to be taking their toll on the consciences of American politicians. To kidnap and lock people in a cage for a personal choice and action that harms no one, is an evil act. Some politicians are figuring this out — or at least pandering to public demand. Either way, the result is the same. 
Despite largely continuing the drug war and drastically increasing raids on medical marijuana facilities as compared to his predecessor, Barack Obama has somehow managed to dupe people into thinking he was pro legalized pot. And now, as his reign comes to an end, he seems to be reversing course. 
Over the years, Obama has blown a lot of smoke (pun intended) when it came to his views on the war on drugs. He's played Mr. Nice Guy while his heavily militarized government task forces have laid waste to the rights and property of peaceful people trying to help their fellow man by growing medical marijuana. 
Under Obama, police in America, through the federal 1033 program , have acquired MRAP's, grenade launchers, and even Apache attack choppers; most of which have been used enforcing immoral and unethical drug laws. However, no one, not even the almighty Barack Obama, can stop an idea whose time has come. 
The people have spoken, and politicians who continue to call for the imprisonment of non-violent individuals for their personal choices are being exposed for the vile and obstinate tyrants they are. 
Apparently this notion has made it to the ear of his majesty, Barack Obama. In a recent show of humanity, he's freed several dozen more non-violent drug offenders. 
According to Reason Magazine , this latest batch of commutations raises Obama's total so far to 872, nearly all of them involving nonviolent drug offenders. That is more commutations than were issued by his 11 most recent predecessors combined. According to the White House , the 688 commutations since the beginning of 2016 are 'the most ever done by a president in a single year”—not surprising, since Obama's commutations have been strikingly backloaded, with 79 percent coming during his last year in office and 98 percent in the second half of his second term. He shortened just one sentence during his first term. 
As the chart shows below, either Obama's conscience is weighing on him or political pressure is is winning. 
According to a report from Reason: 
Obama clearly is trying hard to make up for lost time. In a speech on Tuesday, Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates said there will be 'many more [commutations] to come.” Wednesday White House Counsel Neil Eggleston said Obama is committed to 'using his clemency authority through the remainder of his time in office.” If he maintains this month's rate in November, December, and January, his total will be around 1,500. If he picks up the pace, he could still reach the 'thousands” predicted in 2014. 
Even 2,000 commutations would represent just 6.9 percent of the 29,000 or so petitions Obama has received , making him slightly more merciful than Richard Nixon by that measure. That nevertheless would represent a huge improvement from where Obama stood just six months ago. 
Any time the state admits it was wrong, and innocent people are freed from their cages of oppression; it's a win for freedom. If one life is spared the horrid fate of being caged like an animal for possessing or ingesting a plant that grows from the ground, this is good news. 
However, there are tens of thousands of non-violent drug offenders locked in steel cages across this country, many of them are in for possession alone. The slow and rusty cogs of the bureaucratic leviathan can't turn fast enough. For every non-violent drug offender the president frees, five more are thrown in. Why? Locking up drug users has proven to be quite the profitable venture. 
It is much easier to walk out on the street corner and shakedown a teenager who may have an illegal plant in his pocket than it is to examine the evidence in a rape or murder case. The so-called 'Private” Prisons know this and have subsequently found their niche in this immoral war on drugs. 
The term Private Prison is a farce from the get-go. 
A truly Private prison would not be solely funded by taxpayer dollars. These Private prisons are nothing more than a fascist mixture of state and corporate, completely dependent upon the extortion factor of the state, i.e., taxation, as a means of their corporate sustenance. 
A truly Private prison would have a negative incentive to boost its population for the simple fact that it is particularly expensive to house inmates. On the contrary, these fascist, or more aptly, corporatist prisons contractually require occupancy rates of 95%-100%. 
The requirement for a 95% occupancy rate creates a de facto demand for criminals. Think about that for a second; a need or demand for people to commit crimes is created by this corporatist arrangement. The implications associated with demanding people commit crimes are horrifying. 
Creating a completely immoral demand for 'criminals” leads to the situation in which we find ourselves today. People, who are otherwise entirely innocent, are labeled as criminals for their personal choices and thrown in cages. We are now witnessing a vicious cycle between law enforcement, who must create and arrest criminals, and the corporatist prison system that constantly demands more prisoners. The police and prison corporations know that without the war on drugs, this windfall of money, cars, and houses — ceases to exist. 
If you want to know who profits from ruining lives and throwing marijuana users in cages, we need only look at who bribes (also known as lobbies) the politicians to keep the war on drugs alive. 
Below is a list of the top five industries who need you locked in a cage for possessing a plant in order to ensure their job security. Police Unions: Coming in as the number one contributor to politicians for their votes to lock you in a cage for a plant are the police themselves. They risk taking massive pay cuts and losing all their expensive militarized toys without the war on drugs. Private Prison Corporations: No surprise here . The corporatist prison lobby is constantly pushing for stricter laws to keep their stream of tax dollars flowing. Alcohol and Beer Companies: These giant corporations hate competition, so why not pay millions to keep a cheaper and far safer alcohol alternative off the market? Pharmaceutical Corporations: The hypocrisy of marijuana remaining a Schedule 1 drug, 'No Medical Use Whatsoever,” seems criminal when considering that pharmaceutical companies reproduce a chemical version of THC and are able to market and sell it as such. Ever hear of Marinol? Big pharma simply uses the force of the state to legislate out their competition ; which happens to be nature. Prison Guard Unions: The prison guard union s are another group, so scared of losing their jobs, that they would rather see thousands of non-violent and morally innocent people thrown into cages, than look for another job. 
What does it say about a society who's resolute in enacting violence against their fellow human so they can have a job to go to in the morning? 
The person who wants to ingest a substance for medical or recreational reasons is not the criminal. However, the person that would kidnap, cage, or kill someone because they have a different lifestyle is a villain on many fronts. When does this vicious cycle end? 
The good news is that the drug war's days are numbered, especially seeing that it's reached the White House, and they are taking action, even if it is symbolic. Evidence of this is everywhere. States are defying the federal government and refusing to lock people in cages for marijuana. Colorado and Washington served as a catalyst in a seemingly exponential awakening to the government's immoral war. 
Following suit were Oregon, D.C., and Alaska. Medical marijuana initiatives are becoming a constant part of legislative debates nationwide. We've even seen bills that would not only completely legalize marijuana but deregulate it entirely, like corn. 
As more and more states refuse to kidnap and cage marijuana users, the drug war will continue to implode. We must be resilient in this fight. 
If doing drugs bothers you, don't do drugs. When you transition from holding an opinion — to using government violence to enforce your personal preference, you become the bad guy. Don't be the bad guy. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share geneww1938 
The best way to stop illegal dealers and drug use is to stop trafficking by the criminal cartel behind our government. When was the last time we heard of a drug bust that disrupted street consumption ! The elitist's cartel derive billions from international trafficking to wit: Google 'Bush, Clinton drugs Mena Airport AK”. Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / BREAKING NEWS / BREAKING: FBI Makes Stunning Reversal, Reopens Clinton Investigation After Discovery of New Documents BREAKING: FBI Makes Stunning Reversal, Reopens Clinton Investigation After Discovery of New Documents Claire Bernish October 28, 2016 Leave a comment 
In a thoroughly stunning development, the FBI has announced the relaunch of an investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails and personal server, after learning of ' the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation ,” as Rep. Jason Chaffetz tweeted this afternoon. FBI Dir just informed me, "The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation." Case reopened 
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 
With just ten days to go before the presidential election, this development could knock the Clinton campaign for quite the loop — particularly amid growing controversy in revelations from campaign chair John Podesta's emails, which continue to be published by Wikileaks on a daily basis. 
FBI Director James Comey penned a letter to Congress Friday, noting the bureau had learned additional documents had become apparent that could have bearing in the investigation of Clinton, stating , in part, via NBC News : 
'Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant, and I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony.” 
Comey did not make apparent the content nor source of the documents, nor did he provide many extenuating details about the decision to relaunch the probe; however, after consulting with the team of investigators, 'agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to asses their importance to our investigation.” 
Comey made no suggestion whether or not the documents could be 'significant,” but the fact the investigation has now been reopened certainly piques additional questions about both the new items as well as how they might have originally escaped the FBI's attention. 
'There are outstanding questions . . . regarding a possible conflict of interest into this case,” stated House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz in a letter to FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, as cited by the Washington Post . Chaffetz requested McCabe provide documentation concerning his wife's 2015 bid for the Senate, which, as the Post notes, received financial support from Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, who is close to Hillary Clinton. 
Chaffetz requested documents from McCabe concerning 'when you first became aware the State Department was pressuring the FBI to reverse its decision regarding the classification of one of Secretary Clinton's emails,” and, 'when you first became aware the FBI had opened an investigation into Secretary Clinton's email server.” 
Indeed, Chaffetz notes several discrepancies in interdepartmental interactions during the course of the prior investigation, such as: 
'In the spring and summer of 2015, the FBI interacted with multiple agencies regarding Secretary Clinton's emails. In April or May of 2015, Under Secretary of State for Management Patrick Kennedy began contacting officials in the FBI's National Security Branch, which you headed prior to serving as the head of the Washington Field Office. Under Secretary Kennedy pressured FBI officials to reverse a decision regarding an email deemed by the FBI to contain classified information. …” 
Considering the increasingly embattled campaign of Hillary Clinton, and the late date for initiating further investigation, one wonders whether the abrupt discovery could be related to the putatively missing 30,000 emails which have been the subject of both consternation and ridicule for months. 
Although Comey did not reveal, well, much of anything about the decision to relaunch the investigation, it's clear this will have a direct and resounding impact on Hillary Clinton's contentious bid for the White House. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / 'Isolated Incident” Every Police Dept in America Failed to Meet Minimum Standard for Use of Force 'Isolated Incident” Every Police Dept in America Failed to Meet Minimum Standard for Use of Force Jay Syrmopoulos June 19, 2015 1 Comment 
(TFTP) — In a blistering rebuke of the current state of policing in the United States, a report issued by Amnesty International USA stated that all 50 U.S. states failed to meet international standards on use of deadly force by law enforcement officers. 
The stunning report lays bare the fact that U.S. police are killing without any formal obligation to respect or preserve human life. 
In an interview with The Guardian , Amnesty USA executive director Steven Hawkins said the report's findings revealed a 'shocking lack of fundamental respect for the sanctity of human life.” 
'While law enforcement in the United States is given the authority to use lethal force, there is no equal obligation to respect and preserve human life. It's shocking that while we give law enforcement this extraordinary power, so many states either have no regulation on their books or nothing that complies with international standards,” Hawkins said. 
With recent protests in Baltimore and Ferguson, over police killings, there has been an ever-growing spotlight being shined on the culture of policing. 
Amnesty analyzed each of the 50 U.S state's statutes regarding use of lethal force. They then compared them against the United Nations accepted principles of only using lethal force 'in order to protect life” in 'unavoidable” instances after first attempting to utilize 'less extreme means.” 
UN guidelines go on to state that officers should identify themselves and give a clear warning of the intent to use deadly force. 
The report found that none of the 50 states met these international standards for using lethal force, stating: 
'None of the laws establish the requirement that lethal force may only be used as a last resort with non-violent means and less harmful means to be tried first. The vast majority of laws do not require officers to give a warning of their intent to use firearms.” 
The U.S. constitutional standard is less stringent, as set by a 1985 Supreme Court case Tennesse v Garner. The court held that an officer may use deadly force to prevent a suspect from escaping if 'the officer has probable cause to believe that the suspect poses a significant threat of death or serious physical injury to the officer or others.” 
Even so, 13 U.S. states failed to meet that constitutional standard, instead choosing to use extremely vague language in their statutes, which can be manipulated to allow for force use well beyond accepted standards. For example, North Dakota allows for deadly force against 'an individual who has committed or attempted to commit a felony involving violence,” without ever defining what level of violence would warrant lethal force. 
Nine states have absolutely no statutes on the books regarding officer use of lethal force– Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Ohio, South Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming – as well as Washington D.C., meaning that inevitably police investigate themselves based on some arbitrary standard. 
The analysis found that only eight states had a requirement of a verbal warning before engaging in the use of deadly force. And in nine states, police can legally use lethal force during a time of rioting. In Pennsylvania, for example, a statute on use of force declares use of lethal force legitimate if 'necessary to suppress a riot or mutiny after the rioters or mutineers have been ordered to disperse.” 
Amnesty's report states that in following international standards, all fatal incidents should be mandatorily reported and impartially investigated. The U.S. does no such thing, as the FBI runs a completely voluntary database. 
According The Guardian: 
The report also suggests taking action at all levels of government, making recommendations to the president, Congress and the US justice department, along with state legislatures and individual law enforcement departments. Amnesty suggests that laws be brought into compliance with international standards at every level, and that the justice department oversee a national commission 'to examine and produce recommendations on policing issues, including a nationwide review of police use of lethal force laws … as well as a thorough review and reform of oversight and accountability mechanisms”. 
Hawkins went on to say that he expects pushback from the police and their unions, but stated, 'with so much attention on law enforcement and its use of lethal force within the US, in the next legislative session this report will produce some energy for change.” 
The push for police accountability is now reaching a fever pitch in the U.S., as the current policing paradigm is unsustainable. With so many great ideas for systemic reform on the table, and so many great minds pushing for accountability, it seems only a matter of time before the current 'good ole boy” power structure comes crumbling down. 
Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay's work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu . Share Google + Isaid Dilligaf 
Defund these assholes and take their toys away…NOv is coming Police…YOU are about to be outnumbered and outgunned for the first time in your pussy lives, you are going to really earn your money….America is about to grind you up and spit your filthy ass out for all your abuses against us…Time to pay the piper cowards… Social

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Elijah Wood Just Exposed Hollywood's Organized Pedophilia Ring Elijah Wood Just Exposed Hollywood's Organized Pedophilia Ring 'The Number one problem in Hollywood was and always will be pedophilia.” -Corey Feldman, During interview with ABC News 
Up until now, Corey Feldman's attempt to blow the whistle on pedophilia and child abuse in Hollywood, have fallen on deaf ears. The actor's troubled past made him easily dismissable in the mainstream, and his bombshell accusations were simply swept under the rug. 
However, Feldman's claims have now been backed up by another Hollywood child star. 
Hollywood is in the midst of a massive sexual abuse scandal, which can be compared to that of Jimmy Savile in Britain, childhood star turned adult actor Elijah Wood has claimed. 
Coming onto the silver screen for the first time in Back to the Future Part II in 1989, Wood has been a critically acclaimed actor for decades. 
At age 35, Elijah has now come forward in a recent interview to blow the lid off of the dark underground world of child acting in Hollywood. 
In an interview with the Sunday Times , Wood dropped a bombshell, noting how child actors were regularly 'preyed upon” by industry figures. 
'Clearly something major was going on in Hollywood,” said Wood. 'It was all organized.” 
What Wood is talking about is the rampant sexual abuse of childhood actors which has been previously exposed by Corey Feldman as well as Corey Haim. 
In an episode of their reality TV show, The Two Coreys, a candid fight broke out during which Haim claimed Feldman stood by and watched as a person Feldman 'still hangs out with” and is 'best friends with” proceeded to 'rape” the 14-year-old Haim. 
'There are a lot of vipers in this industry, people who only have their own interests in mind,” continued Elijah Wood in his interview. 'There is a darkness in the underbelly – if you can imagine it, it's probably happened.” 
When noting how he was able to escape the molestation during his childhood in Hollywood, Elijah noted that he had good parents who protected him and who did not let him attend these parties. 
'She was far more concerned with raising me to be a good human than facilitating my career,” he said. 
Wood says the abuse runs unchecked because the victims 'can't speak as loudly as people in power.” 
'That's the tragedy of attempting to reveal what is happening to innocent people,” he said. 'They can be squashed but their lives have been irreparably damaged.” 
What Wood is referring to is the immense power of Hollywood elites to control the narrative and quash any allegations of abuse before they even happen. 
The same owners of Hollywood also own the majority of other mainstream media. While none of them are specifically implicated, a handful of people, News Corp. President Peter Chernin, Paramount Pictures Chairman Brad Grey, Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Robert Iger, Sony Pictures Chairman Michael Lynton, Warner Bros. Chairman Kevin Tsujihara, CBS Corp. Chief Executive Leslie Moonves whose great uncle was the first prime minister of Israel, MGM Chairman Terrence Lanni, and former NBC Universal Chief Executive Jeff Zucker, who is currently the president of CNN Worldwide, all run the movie industry as well as the television and news scenes. 
With the massive resources of the mainstream media, covering up the allegations of rape of dozens of children would be a simple task. 
'If you're innocent you have very little knowledge of the world and you want to succeed,” explained Elijah of the poor children and their parents who become easy prey as they seek out their dreams of becoming Hollywood stars. 
Another sad facet to this underground world of child predation is the fact that police not only look the other way, but they've often been exposed for participating in it. 
Last year, an abuse survivor bravely broke her silence to tell her horrific childhood story. In an interview with Sky News, Esther Baker, 32, explained how she and other children were raped by the elite and politicians as uniformed police officers stood guard. 
Also last year, Jessa Dillow-Crisp testified at the Colorado State Capitol, during Human Trafficking Awareness and Advocacy Day, about the horrible experiences that she had in her past. 
'I was a little girl and was sexually abused by family members. I had to pose for pornographers and was sold to countless men on a daily basis,” she said. 
To make matters even more hopeless for the woman, she was unable to report the abuse or go to the police because there were a number of police officers who were actually involved in the kidnapping and abuse. 
'There was gang raping, the police officer who handcuffed me and raped me, told me I would be put in jail if I opened my voice,” she said. 
Sadly, positions of power, whether state-backed or not often attract society's worst. Knowing they are above the law, these sickos are allowed to target innocence for their own disgusting desires. 
In his interview, Elijah Wood summed up this notion perfectly when he said, 'People with parasitic interests will see you as their prey.” And, unfortunately, they continue to get away with it. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Family Sues After Cops Shot 6yo Autistic Boy and Watched Him 'Suffer Immensely” As He Died Family Sues After Cops Shot 6yo Autistic Boy and Watched Him 'Suffer Immensely” As He Died Claire Bernish October 29, 2016 Leave a comment 
Marksville, LA — A federal lawsuit has now been filed against several Louisiana law enforcement agencies for the fatal shooting of six-year-old Jeremy Mardis, who 'suffered immensely” on November 3, 2015, due to 'a barbaric and excessive use of deadly force.” 
Attorneys representing Christopher Few, Jeremy's father, who suffered serious injuries in the incident; mother, Catherine Mardis; and Candace Few, whose vehicle her brother, Christopher, drove the night of the shooting, filed a federal civil lawsuit on Thursday in an attempt at justice for the needless death of the young child. 
In fact, video footage of the incident so shocked Louisiana State Police Col. Mike Edmonson, he told reporters in November, 'It is the most disturbing thing I've seen, and I will leave it at that.” 
According to the lawsuit, referenced by KLFY , defendants include 'Norris Greenhouse Jr. and Derrick Stafford, the two former Marksville Ward 2 deputy marshals facing second-degree murder and attempted second-degree murder in the case. Both pleaded not guilty and are facing separate trials. 
'But the lawsuit also names as defendants Marksville City Marshal Floyd Voinche, the Marksville City Court, the town of Marksville, Avoyelles Parish, Progressive Paloverde Insurance Company and the other two officers involved in the chase of Few that night — Jason Brouillette and Kenneth Parnell III.” 
On November 3, 2015, according to the original police account, the four officers were attempting to serve a warrant for Few — who then fled in his sister's Kia Sport, with Jeremy buckled in the passenger seat. 
Police had claimed Few was armed and posed an imminent deadly threat — so Officers Greenhouse and Stafford opened fire — emptying 18 rounds at the vehicle, critically injuring Few and killing the 6-year-old, who had autism. 
In actuality, no warrant had been issued for Few, and both father and son were unarmed — indeed, as video evidence shows, Few had his hands in the air when he received 'two or three” bullets to the head and chest, while Jeremy suffered 'four or five” shots to the head and neck. 
Appallingly, Jeremy languished in agony, still holding onto life for over five minutes after being shot multiple times — but officers failed to even check for a pulse or render assistance. 
'During this time, Jeremy was bleeding profusely and suffered immensely due to the gunshot wounds,” the lawsuit states, according to KFLY . 
'It was not until approximately some seven and one-half to eight minutes or so after the hail of gunfire, that an officer at the scene, believed to be Parnell, finally checked Jeremy for a pulse and discovered that he was still alive, despite having been shot multiple times including in the head and neck,” it reads. 
'However, none of the officers at the scene, including Stafford, Greenhouse, Brouillette and Parnell initiated or rendered any form of first aid, nor did they undertake any other measures in an attempt to stop Jeremy's bleeding or otherwise alleviate or mitigate Jeremy's suffering, or made any attempts to save his life. 
'Sadly, Jeremy was left to suffer — and die — while the officers casually searched for 'gloves.'” 
An exact motive for the original traffic stop — given the fictitious claim of a warrant and that Few did not have a weapon — has yet to be publicly released by officials. Attorneys for Greenhouse and Stafford stated during court proceedings Few had been standing in the road, blocking traffic, ignored officers' commands, and then fled the scene. 
But the lawsuit contends there had been no clear reason for police to pursue the vehicle Few was driving, and when he ultimately did pull over, the vehicle, 'even if it were moving forward or backwards — did not and could not have presented an imminent threat of death or great bodily harm to any of the officers at the scene or innocent bystanders.” 
As video clearly shows, Few pulled to the side of the road, raised his arms above his head and made no threatening gestures — in other words, he posed not even the slightest legitimate threat to their safety. The lawsuit continues : 
'Moreover, at the time the pursuit of Christopher was initiated, and thereafter during the pursuit, none of the officers had reasonable or probable cause to believe that Christopher had committed some crime, was committing a crime or was about to commit a crime. The pursuit was unlawful, as was the subsequent use of deadly force.” 
Fatally shooting a 6-year-old child wasn't the first brutal act by either Stafford or Greenhouse. As The Free Thought Project reported, the pair of rageful cops have a history of brutalizing their town with impunity — and as the lawsuit notes, it seems no vetting procedure was in place when Greenhouse and Stafford were hired. 
Additionally, when attorneys made a public records request with Marksville City Marshal Floyd Voinche for hiring, training, and disciplinary guidelines concerning deputy marshals, they received a telling one-sentence reply: 'No such records exist.” 
'The need for such policies is so obvious,” KFLY quotes the lawsuit, 'for the safety of the public and the protection of constitutional rights that the lack of such policies constitutes deliberate indifference and a reckless disregard for the public and plaintiffs' constitutional rights.” 
But the fact it took an innocent 6-year-old's death to force the city to examine such policies is endemic of brutal policing in the United States — and one means officers can employ to work around appropriate discipline is to resign and simply move on to the next department. 
In late September, in a stunning act of hubris, Stafford again requested charges be dropped since he acted in self defense — despite damning evidence to the contrary. 
The family of Jeremy Mardis is requesting a jury trial in this lawsuit. Share Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Health / America's Most Popular 'Legal' Drug is Responsible for 25% of ALL Cancer America's Most Popular 'Legal' Drug is Responsible for 25% of ALL Cancer John Vibes October 29, 2016 Leave a comment 
There are many factors contributing to the massive rise in cancer cases in the US, but according to a new study from the American Cancer Society, cigarette smoke is by far the leading cause. The study found that roughly 25% of all cancer deaths could be attributed to cigarette smoking. 
Although cigarette smoking has waned somewhat in recent years, nearly 40 million adults in the U.S. currently smoke cigarettes. The CDC says cigarette smoking is the leading cause of preventable disease and death in the U.S., responsible for more than 480,000 deaths annually. 
According to the study : 
We estimate that at least 167 133 cancer deaths in the United States in 2014 (28.6% of all cancer deaths; 95% CI, 28.2%-28.8%) were attributable to cigarette smoking. Among men, the proportion of cancer deaths attributable to smoking ranged from a low of 21.8% in Utah (95% CI, 19.9%-23.5%) to a high of 39.5% in Arkansas (95% CI, 36.9%-41.7%), but was at least 30% in every state except Utah. Among women, the proportion ranged from 11.1% in Utah (95% CI, 9.6%-12.3%) to 29.0% in Kentucky (95% CI, 27.2%-30.7%) and was at least 20% in all states except Utah, California, and Hawaii. Nine of the top 10 ranked states for men and 6 of the top 10 ranked states for women were located in the South. In men, smoking explained nearly 40% of cancer deaths in the top 5 ranked states (Arkansas, Louisiana, Tennessee, West Virginia, and Kentucky). In women, smoking explained more than 26% of all cancer deaths in the top 5 ranked states, which included 3 Southern states (Kentucky, Arkansas, and Tennessee), and 2 Western states (Alaska and Nevada). 
Smoking is one of the leading causes of illness and death in the world. The use of tobacco has become more widespread than ever and the substance itself is far more dangerous than it has ever been before. 
Today, cigarettes are mass produced and treated with thousands of additives and chemicals. Carcinogenic, poisonous chemicals and toxic metals can all be found in modern tobacco products. These chemicals are present for many reasons ranging from taste and preservation to being purposely addictive. There are over 4000 of these chemicals in cigarettes and all of them are not revealed to the public. They are protected under law as 'trade secrets” — meaning they can add anything they want in there without our knowledge. 
The financial advantage alone should be enough of an argument to quit smoking. In most states, cigarettes are now over 6 dollars a pack, more than half of which is taxes. So people are literally paying the government and rich multinational corporations an average of 10 dollars every day, for a product that destroys their bodies. It is true that there are addictive chemicals in cigarettes but their strength and power has been blown way out of proportion. 
The psychological addiction is always much stronger than the physical addiction even with harsh narcotics like heroin and especially with nicotine. All you have to do is stop and get through a few days without it. Soon enough the smell and taste will no longer be desirable to you and you will be happy to have that extra 6 dollars a pack in your pocket. It will be easier to breathe, you won't get sick as often and you will overall be in better spirits. Quitting cigarettes is one decision that you can make that will drastically improve your life in a number of ways and it will give the elite less control of your money and your health. John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. John is currently battling cancer naturally , without any chemo or radiation, and will be working to help others through his experience, if you wish to contribute to his treatments please donate here . Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Leaked Audio Catches Clinton Red-Handed Talking About Rigging Elections Leaked Audio Catches Clinton Red-Handed Talking About Rigging Elections The Free Thought Project October 29, 2016 2 Comments 
Decade-old audio exposes then-Senator Hillary Clinton saying the US should have manipulated Palestinian parliamentary elections in 2006 to prevent a Hamas victory. The presidential candidate lamented that the US didn't 'determine who was going to win.” 
'I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,” then-New York Senator Clinton told the Jewish Press, a New York-based weekly newspaper, several months after the January election. 
'And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win,” she said. 
Until Friday, the comment Clinton made on September 5, 2006, only existed on a private audio cassette belonging to journalist Eli Chomsky. An editor and a staff writer for the Jewish Press, he interviewed Clinton at the newspaper's office in Brooklyn. 
Chomsky, who shared and played the tape for the Observer, says it is the only existing copy of that meeting with Clinton, during which the Palestinian parliamentary election was among top topics. The comments have been posted on SoundCloud. 
Speaking to the news portal, he recalled being confused by the fact that 'anyone could support the idea — offered by a national political leader, no less — that the US should be in the business of fixing foreign elections.” 2006 audio emerges of Clinton proposing election rigging in Palestine; censored by Israeli press for past 10 years https://t.co/LsMYcUzJR4 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 28, 2016 
The interview took place nine months after the Hamas movement claimed 76 of the 132 parliamentary seats, pushing aside the US-favored Fatah movement and securing the right to form a new cabinet. That victory was neither welcomed in Israel, nor in the US. In Washington, where Hamas is considered a terrorist organization, officials repeatedly stated that they would not work with a Palestinian Authority that included Hamas. 
Then-President George W. Bush spoke of the elections as symbolizing the 'power of democracy,” but refused to deal with Hamas as long as it opposed Israel's existence and espoused violence. 
That day in September 2006, Clinton made 'odd and controversial comments,” all now saved on the 45-minute record that Chomsky 'held onto all these years.” 
'I went to my bosses at the time,” Chomsky told the Observer. 'The Jewish Press had this mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybody — even a direct quote from anyone — in a position of influence because they might need them down the road. My bosses didn't think it was newsworthy at the time. I was convinced that it was and I held onto it all these years.” Share

ARTICLE

  Government Corruption / How A Disgraced Congressman Sexting a Child Led to the FBI Reopening Investigation into Clinton How A Disgraced Congressman Sexting a Child Led to the FBI Reopening Investigation into Clinton Jack Burns October 29, 2016 2 Comments 
In case you've been locked in a port-a-potty for the last 24 hours, the once closed criminal investigation against Hillary Clinton's handling of classified information, on an unauthorized non-government private server, has been reopened. And now that the nation is within 10 days of electing or rejecting her as the next president of the United States, the announcement has proven to be a true October surprise. 
Perhaps millions of Americans were holding their breath as FBI Director James Comey, on July 5th, 2016 , made the following statement to the American people. 'From the group of 30,000 e-mails returned to the State Department, 110 e-mails in 52 e-mail chains have been determined … to contain classified information at the time they were sent or received. Eight of those chains contained information that was Top Secret at the time they were sent; 36 chains contained Secret information at the time; and eight contained Confidential information, which is the lowest level of classification. Separate from those, about 2,000 additional e-mails were 'up-classified” to make them Confidential; the information in those had not been classified at the time the e-mails were sent.” 
The admission that former Secretary of State Clinton had, indeed, sent and received classified information on her now infamous server was contrary to her repeated claims she'd done no such thing. Nonetheless, Comey chose not to recommend an indictment be issued for her arrest, leaving many scratching their heads in disbelief. 
Even Comey's former boss, former mayor of NYC Riudi Giuliani said Comey got it wrong. And Trey Gowdy (R-SC), chair of the Select Committee on Benghazi, hauled Comey's behind back in front of Congress to explain why Comey insisted because Clinton didn't intend to commit a crime, she shouldn't be prosecuted. Over and over again, Comey has had to explain his decision not to indict the then Democratic nominee for president. And Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA) stated in September Comey had created a double standard by doling out immunity deals to several of Clinton's staffers, amid ongoing investigations in the Clinton email scandal. 
Now enter the disgraced former House member Anthony Weiner, and Comey's letter to several members of Congress. The director of the FBI informed various committee members, in no uncertain terms, that he is reopening the Clinton email case as he was made aware of the 'existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.” 
According to Comey's letter, the new emails were discovered while the FBI was investigating an, 'unrelated case.” So what does Weiner have to do with anything? 
As Fox News reported, 'An FBI source … confirmed to Fox News that the new emails were discovered after the bureau seized devices belonging to disgraced ex-Rep. Weiner and his wife Huma Abedin, a top Clinton aide who recently announced she was separating from the former congressman.” That 'unrelated case,” as Comey described it to congressional members, supposedly involves Weiner sexting photos of his wanker to a 15-year-old female from North Carolina, as reported by The Atlantic. 
But that's all we know at this point, which leads to speculation. It's no secret that Abedin and Weiner are in Splitsville , with Abedin filing for divorce over Weiner's insatiable sexting habits. But what's more important to consider is that Weiner now has motivation to tell all that he knows. Let's face it, his derriere is facing some serious punishment in jail, and he may be willing to cut a deal with federal prosecutors to minimize any potential sentencing. 
There's no question Weiner had access, over the years, to the kind of pillow talk which could implicate Clinton. Let's face it! He was sleeping with Clinton's closest confidante . And what this email scandal case has needed and hasn't gotten until this point, is someone willing to talk, AKA a 'rat”. If Weiner turns out to be the rat investigators are looking for, he may be willing to tell all he knows. And who knows where that will lead? Since Abedin has been working for Clinton since 1996, if anyone has any new incriminating evidence on Clinton, it's almost certain to be Abedin. And now Abedin's estranged husband (Weiner) may be spilling the beans, and getting a bit of sweet revenge in the process. Share Google + Phil Freeman 
An investigation is NOT an indictment, which is a grand jury function not an information function of the executive branch. A true bill is required here folks!!! It's Bravo Sierra politics. GaryL 
'Comey has had to explain his decision not to indict the then Democratic nominee for president.”– Neither Comey nor FBI 'indicts.” That decision is made by DOJ Criminal Division. 
'Comey had created a double standard by doling out immunity deals to several of Clinton's staffers.” Comey nor FBI grants 'immunity deals.” Those are 'doled out” by DOJ Criminal Division. 
'[H]e may be willing to cut a deal with federal prosecutors to minimize any potential sentencing.” Or, he may receive an 'immunity deal,” or he may have an 'accident.” 
Obviously, we'll see what the DOJ Criminal Division decides to do, but if the above is any indication, the answer is probably already clear. Social

ARTICLE

Home / #Solutions / Robert De Niro to Produce Documentary Exposing Corruption Within the Vaccine Industry Robert De Niro to Produce Documentary Exposing Corruption Within the Vaccine Industry Jay Syrmopoulos May 24, 2016 78 Comments 
Cannes, France – Hollywood superstar Robert De Niro dropped a bombshell recently when he revealed that he is working on producing a documentary about the highly controversial topic of vaccines. However, he remained tight-lipped, noting that 'when he talks about it, something happens,” seemingly implying that some power from above could potentially stifle his planned project. 
In an interview with pop culture/entertainment site Vulture from the Cannes Film Festival on Friday, De Niro was asked about the controversy surrounding the planned screening of the documentary film 'Vaxxed: From Catastrophe to Coverup” at his Tribeca Film Festival, and subsequent decision to not screen the film. 
Well, what I learned, first of all, there was a big reaction, which I didn't see coming, and it was from filmmakers — supposedly, I have yet to find out who it was. I wanted to just know who they were, because to me there was no reason not to see the movie. The movie is not hurting anybody. It says something. It said something to me that was valid. Maybe some things were inaccurate, but if the movie was 20 percent accurate, it was worth seeing. And they were saying it's because of the filmmaker and he was discredited, but how was he discredited? By the medical establishment? There's a lot going on that I still don't understand, but it makes me question the whole thing, and the whole vaccine issue is a real one. It's big money. So it did get attention. I was happy about that. And I talked about another movie called Trace Amounts that I saw and spoke about it a lot, that people should see it, and it's there. Something is there with vaccines, because they're not tested in some ways the way other medicines are, and they're just taken for granted and mandated in some states. And people do get sick from it. Not everybody, but certain people are sensitive, like anything, penicillin. 
When asked whether he would try and screen 'Vaxxed” again if given the opportunity, De Niro said he wouldn't be interested in doing so, but hinted that he and the mega-producer Harvey Weinstein were planning to create a new documentary film potentially focused on the massive financial incentives underpinning the vaccine manufacturing industry, as well as dubious ties between pharmaceutical companies and governmental agencies. 
Yeah, and you always say, you're not against vaccines, you're against what they put in vaccines that can hurt certain people who are allergic. It can kill them sometimes. And there's such an industry. There's big, big money in vaccines that the CDC will put… 
…I'm working on something else. Harvey Weinstein and I are working on doing a documentary, but I don't what to talk much about it, because when I talk about it, something happens. But that's what we plan to try to do. 
After 'Vaxxed” was pulled from Tribeca, the Hollywood legend went on the Today show to defend his original stance of wanting to screen the documentary, noting that there was 'no reason” to pull the film. The documentary was allegedly pulled due to threats from other filmmakers, which De Niro believed could negatively impact the film festival. 
When Today host Willie Geist attempted to point out that there is an overwhelming amount of scientific research that has found no link between vaccines and autism, De Niro quickly responded. 
'I believe it's much more complicated than that. There is a link and they are saying there isn't and there are…. other things there. I don't know, I'm not a scientist but I know because I've seen so much reaction of just 'let's find out the truth.'” 
De Niro went on to explain that he believes there is a potential link between autism and the ingredients in vaccines, highlighting a documentary called ' Trace Amounts .” The film star pointed out that he isn't anti-vaccine, but simply wants safe vaccines, noting that he is the father of an autistic child. 
'I, as a parent of a child who has autism, am concerned. And I want to know the truth. And I'm not anti-vaccine; I want safe vaccines,” De Niro stated. 
De Niro obviously realizes the power residing within the industry, as he pointed out that even talking about this conceptual project could make 'something happen.” The vaccine industry has a vested financial interest in not allowing a broad public discussion to be had about vaccines. The 'something happens” De Niro nebulously refers to would most likely consist of the large financial powers at the root of big pharma leaning on any movie studio bold enough to take on De Niro's vaccine project — similarly to what happened to 'Vaxxed” at Tribeca. Jay Syrmopoulos is a geopolitical analyst, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay's work has been published on Ben Swann's Truth in Media, Truth-Out, Raw Story, MintPress News, as well as many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu. Share Google + rose528 
don't believe it. you already know that your beliefs are wrong. you act just like the nazi fascist party of NO (repugs) lie and keep lying you'll change some people minds. But IT IS STILL A LIE Neo 
If you're referring to Robert Di Nero,i think you're delusional! If the industry has nothing to hide than there is no problem right! But there is a huge problem…..it's all lie from the industry. You can only suppress the truth of the dangers of vaccines especially for so long before people wake up to the corruption. Vaccines kill and damage children everyday and that's a fact! Vaccines kill more people and children than any diseases…another fact. There are no facts that vaccines work,prevent or eradicated any disease. Have a good day! 
wrong tamarque 
I sure hope you don't ever have a child go regressive autistic after a vaccine, but I fear that will be the only thing to get you to look as your belief system that blindly trusts the lies of govt agencies that are bought and bolstered by drug corporations. Karyn Abbey Chase 
Please elaborate. What does '”wrong”” actually mean, and where are you in Canada Karyn? gingercake5 
And there are so many peanut allergies today because in the 1990s they were using peanut oil as an adjuvant. Those guys are so brilliant, aren't they? ang 
shes a paid t r o l l read above. ang 
Go easy on rose528, these people are paid to post, and English is not their first language, that is why the posts are weird. Translation software isn't always good. They work out of I n d I a. Seriously, P r o p a g a n d a that desperate? Mike Cooney 
Great Article! I think it is very important that a high profile celebrity is putting his name out there next to an issue such as this. 
I have a 5 month old daughter and when she was given her first round of shots I felt horrible! I felt that I had failed her because I didn't have all of the knowledge of what they were injecting her with. 
I have been very skeptical of vaccines for a long time and obviously because of stories such as this. I think it's very sketchy that there seems to be some new illness floating around every year and the establishment wants us all to run out and get some new vaccine that has been concocted. The fact that there is big money involved in pushing these vaccines just takes away more credibility. 
We are finally seeing some of the long term effects of these vaccines as well such as the 1970's Swine Flu Vaccines where people who received those shots are having Central Nervous System problems. 
DiNero is obviously invested in this because of his own child and sometimes that is what it takes for these issues to reach the light of day. When someone important is personally being affected, they want to speak out. 
I love the site and the stories that The Free Thought Project has to offer and I commend you guys for really touching on the 'uncomfortable” topics that the mainstream ignores. I am starting my own blog, The A.D.D. Theory and I hope to integrate the same kind of stories. I will be happy with a fraction of the success that you guys are having! Karyn Abbey Chase 
What happened to your child after the first round? Nothing? Oh 
My kid has all his vaccinations! Why would bring back diseases and illnesses that our countries havnt seen for decades!. Maybe pesticides are responsible for autism. Read that article. ang 
Are you sure your kid is OK? They lose 10 IQ points every shot of aluminium/glyphosate or thimerosol. And vaccines never got rid of disease, they cause it. Here is the chart for whooping cough Australia, DTP either worked or didn't, but didn't spread whoopinig cough, at least. Look what happened when we switched to Dtap notice the rise? Dtap vaccinated catch carry and spread, over and over, no symptoms. The ones on this chart ARE ONLY THE ONES WHOSE VACCINE FAILED. AND THEY GOT SYMPTOMS. Thank GOD! Simples solution, known since 2010, stop vaccinating, and our whooping cough would go back to 400 a year, and no baby deaths. Instead they keep using this useless vaccine, that is spreading whooping cough and killing babies, Australia now has 1 in 25 children, aged 6-12 with whooping cough cough, cough cough each year (all fully vaccinated!). 5 jabs for what? Just so they can carry and spread it everywhere with no symptoms, for bloody 6 years? So what do they do to hide this abysmal failure instead of just banning the vaccine in 2010? Jab more, jab babies before birth, in utero, with a vaccine that KILLS THEM IF GIVEN AT BIRTH> Seriously what did CDC expect would happen? 400 times the baby deaths inside the mother? And if the babies survive, 1 in 50 have sever brain damage called microcephaly? How evil can CDC be? How fucking corrupt can they be? Protecting a useless vaccine, and its pharma and trying to cover it, by killing and maiming MORE BABIES? ang 
USA is currently at the second peak, 2003 , UK is currently at the 2008, ready to launch off! All caused by Dtap, an acellular vaccine, that is abysmally useless, and during an outbreak, which is now CONSTANT IN AUSTRALIA< ALL THE DTAP KIDS, catch carry and spread pertussis. so the ones meant to be protected, the newborn babies, are now ALL INFECTED FROM SYMPTOMLESS DTAP VACCINATED SIBLINGS. Oh the chart is for pertussis in Australia/ Western Australia, Australia, lucky US! got Dtap first in the world 1996. UK 2004, USA 2008. The graphs are identical, adjusted for time since introduction of Dtap. In 2012, we had double the number for 2011. Now we don't even bother to report whooping cough, Out of my grandchildrens two classes, 60 kids with whooping cough 4 reported it, and bothered to get tested. Yes that long lasting cough your kids have, if it lasts 6-8 weeks, yes its whooping cough. Not serious at all, the kids here still go to school., they are allowed to THEY ARE VACCINATED! ROFL XX Besides the ones coughing, are the ones we know to keep away from newborn babies, it is the Dtap vaccinated, that are not coughing that are the menace! Karyn Draper 
And yes I'm sure! He's amazing and in perfect health. You'll just have to admit you don't know everything and take my word on it. ang 
So are you Karyn Abbey Chase, or Karyn Draper, you trolling skills are appalling, at least try and remember which alias you are damn using! Hilarious stuff! Karyn Draper 
I'm not trolling. Suck it up I have 2 id's and this site decided it wouldn't log me in through fb with the one I originally used. I tried several times but it kept catching this one so I said fuck it I'll post using this one then. ang 
OK then I apologise. Disqus is notorious for blocking people, so why did they block your first alias? Karyn Draper 
Couldn't tell you. This is the first article of theirs I've ever commented on. And the last. Worse than fb for sure. ang 
I agree Disquis is terrible. Anyway if you are in Canada, do you know when they switched completely to DTap, the old one, that worked was called DTP. So the important bit is the aP a meaning acellular, instead of whole vaccine. It is more of a GMO type vaccine, I was chatting on line to someone just like you in UK, and he sent me the raw stats, ie number of whooping cough reports per year, for last 20 years. I told him, that they introduced Dtap in 2004, and was spot on. The correlation is that clear. Do you have the stats, yearly for whooping cough in Canada? Our vaccination rate is 93% in Australia, do you know the rates in Canada. Oh, had an aunty in Canada, Ontario, right near Niagra falls. ang 
Hello Karyn, is you alter ego, another Karyn, weird you have two different surnames, did you just get married in the last 5 minutes or something weird? Karyn Draper 
You really wanna change the subject? That all your facts are wrong. K goodnight psychopath ang 
Posting in a few threads, nice to meet you Karen, you did explain the other thread why you have multiple aliases, I accept that. Did you know there is no polio in India, but Bill Gates has just crippled 40,000 by using a live vaccine, that is proven to spread polio. Why did he do this? ang 
Yes the latest is called z ika Brazil All pregnant women got T dap mandated 2014, vaccines were ready and begun My 2015. Women even 20 weeks pregnant in outlying areas got the jab. Look what happened 20 weeks later. Out of 5,000 sick babies, 5.000 got the jab while still in utero. Out of those 5,000 sick micro babies, 4 (FOUR) had zika, weird how CDC think people will believe it was a mossie? As for USA, they have more sick vaccine damaged babies than Brazil, they used to have 400 a year, after pregnancy jabs, they now have 25,000 a year since 2013. There is no zika in USA, so what are they trying to blame now, pesticides? Or are they going to say, oh, must have had that mossie in USA, also, but we just didn't know? Centres for Disease Corrution…………. the latest paper they put out claiming OH ITS ZIKA, could have been written by a two year old. The real scientists in this world, cringe, at their BLANTANT FRAUD. ang 
Seems the troll cant remember what alias he/she is using, weird that? I write to a Karyn Abbey Chase, yet she forgets which alias, and replies as Karen Draper? Oh well they only have to have High School certificate, work out of India and get paid Rs7000 a month, yeah $20 a week! Karyn Draper 
Your an idiot… ang 
Add some information there, please, any reason why you believe MMR vaccine is safe? Any reason why you believe pollution, and contaminated with pesticides etc, food is the only reason for autism? I agree it could be one, but surely injecting a baby with aluminium, glyphosate, and all the other things, besides three different diseases, all in one shot, possible could be dangerous? None of my kids got the MMR, different vaccines then, they are all fine, all my grandkids got the MMR< now I have 4 out of 9 autistic grandchildren. Good on Robert De Niro for asking the right questions. Yojimbo 
okay there is a fucking article on the man RIGHT up top, how are you spelling his name wrong you fucking tards? lemonfoundation 
Learn more about WMDs: chem/bio-warfare, depleted uranium (DU), vaccine contamination, and multi-trillion $$$ Holocaustal government cover-up it is, join us on FB –> https://www.facebook.com/groups/230128710353922/ 
Everyone is welcome. We are veterans, military family, civilians, concerned citizens, and researchers. If its happening in the general public, I can assure you that it was tested on the military, first. Please feel free to add your friends to the group too. 
KNOWLEDGE=POWER. UNITY=STRENGTH! WE THE PEOPLE MUST UNITE! ang 
Hi lemonfoundation, is difficult for me to post on facebook, they keep blocking me, but thanks for accepting me into the group. [email protected] email seems to be working fine still. ang 
People are not allowed to be pro fact, because that costs the corrupt, lots and lots of money. Here is the graph for whooping cough Australia, first to get Dt aP ie part vaccine in 1996. Look what happened, 93% vaccination rate. Yeah, those vaccinated are the ones catching and spreading it now, over and over. So bad now, that these Dtap vaccinated people are just reinfecting the whole herd, so full of whooping cough, but they don't get symptoms themselves until around 3 years after last vaccine. 5 jabs 5 years ….. So by 6-12 all the vaccinated kids are finally getting the symptoms themselves, coughing for 8 weeks, just annoying, not deadly, and then they are 100% protected with REAL IMMUNITY FOR LIFE. The problem is now, the herd is so damn constantly infected, the vaccinated symptomless siblings are the ones infecting the newborn babies, usually their newborn brother or sister. There is no unvaccinated lurking coughing person hiding in maternity ward corridors at all! That is pure fiction, siblings, no symptoms because of their vaccine, are spreading it to their little babies. CDC know this, Australia has known this since 2010. All they had to do was stop vaccinating, in about 3-5 years, ie yes by now, no more symptomless carriers, infecting babies. INSTEAD CDC DECIDED TO VACCINATE BABIES BEFORE BIRTH, WITH A VACCINE THAT KILLS THEM IF GIVEN AT BIRTH? That is why babies are so vulnerable, cant be vaccinated as it kills them…………. So what a logical person would assume would happen HAS HAPPENED. Babies after the jab die in utero, at 400 times the normal unlucky event. If they survive, they have a 1 in 50 chance of brain damage, called microcephaly. The mandated Tdap in Brazil in all pregnant women in 2014, the vaccine was produced locally under licence from GSK and they began jabbing pregnant women from 20 weeks gestation in May 2015, 20 weeks later look what happened? 5,000 of 5,000 deformed babies, had Tdap given in utero, and 4 (four) had zika. Now it is believed they got the zika, as they were already brain damaged in utero. Yet for some reason Centres for Disease and Corruption, seem unable to see this direct, and totally obvious 100% correlation, and have spent millions trying to prove a mossie done it. The only problem with the CDC theory, is that Dtap of pregnant women began in 2013 in USA< and USAs microcephalic births, went from 400 a year, to 25,000 YES TWENTY FIVE THOUSAND A YEAR. But apparently CDC missed this? ang 
See comments below, tried once, said not allowed to comment, tried again a different way, seems to have worked, hope so! Doran Zeigler 
It's good that DeNiro is taking this stance. But, he still could have used his influence in keeping 'Vaxxed” in the TriBeca Film Festival. He caved in to industry pressure and took a lot of heat for it. So, it is good that he has clarified his position on vaccines. 
But, I would like to tell him, that if the manufacturers could remove the 'harmful” ingredients to make what he calls a 'safe” vaccine, doesn't he think they would have done it and end the controversy? The fact is that preservatives, which are harmful to humans, are needed in the vaccines so they do not spoil. 
What would be a better topic to discuss is the entire premise of the vaccine theory which met a lot of opposition when it was first stated by Pasteur, and still is questioned to this very day. Tom Bowshall 
Are you sure about this? Only today's West Australian 25/05/2016 authoritatively states that all vaccines are safe, and babies immune systems can cope with thousands of vaccinations and Gardasil is one of the safest vaccines ever produced. Mind you they also said GMO's were safe and quoted two scientific studies funded by Monsanto to back up their statement. They also said TPP's are good for our economy and we will all benefit, that was all no quotes or sources to back that up. Wonder if the West Australian newspaper is trying to do a head job on us? ang 
Well they been trying hard to get me from posting, Disqus more corrupt than even facebook, god help us! Karyn Draper 
Maybe cuz you talk to much. Your kinda spamming this comment section. I especially like the zero deaths from measles. Did you read the wiki pediatric site. I especially love how there were appx 2.6 million in 1980. And vaccines have decreased this by 85% so now only a outlet hundred thousand people die from it. ang 
Hello Karyn, nice to meet you. Am I not allowed to have an opinion, even though I am a pathologist, specialising in microbiology, and haematology, also a chemical analyst, and yeah I know my stuff. I don't read wiki rubbish, that is all been damn trolled out by pharma, so much it is now just pure rubbish. Why should I talk about measles in the world? I live in Australia, we have decent sewerage systems, decent water, food, and hygienic living conditions. Where do you live that you have had measles deaths? Mumbai? Karyn Draper 
I live in canada. And you are mistaken again. Someone in California died in 2015 from measles and it was the first death since 2003 ang 
Ok one measles death in 12 years. That death, was a lady in hospital, who was fully vaccinated, and she had measles, with no spots, she infected others in the hospital, they were not aware she actually had measles until the autopsy. She had measles, and they didn't even know until she died and did an autopsy? Fully vaccinated. 0101 
we're lucky you live in Straya keep the harness tight don't let go ang 
Hello staff member 0101 what you posted makes no sense, get a supervisor to check your English. Translation software just doesn't make sense all the time. 0101 
the US I guess, because of people like you Dee Pol 
Hi Angela Coral Eisenhauer – you have now been reported to AHPRA for falsely claiming you are a pathologist… 
Go ahead and remove your comments – not to matter – screenshots have been taken and sent… 😀 
Have a great day!!!!

ARTICLE

Home / #Solutions / 7 Simple Steps from a Cop on How to Fight Every Speeding Ticket and Win 7 Simple Steps from a Cop on How to Fight Every Speeding Ticket and Win Do you want to discover the secrets on how to beat your speeding ticket in court? 25% of all Speeding Tickets Are Issued in Error! 
It is estimated that in 2014 that there were over 41,000,000 speeding tickets issued in the USA and that over 25% of these were issued in error. 
The most common errors include shadowing, RFI inference, cosine angle error, mechanical interference and devices that are out of calibration. 
But out of these 41,000,000 speeding tickets only 5% challenged their citation in court. 
And out of this 5% less than .05% beat their ticket or have it dismissed. 
Why? Because they were not prepared! 
The radar gun or lidar gun the police officer used to issue you your speeding ticket is a scientific instrument and because of this the officer must be certified and by law, must follow certain requirements. 
So if you're planning on fighting your ticket in court, we put together this guide to help disqualify the officer's testimony and his/her equipment, so you have a better chance of winning your case. Prepare Yourself Before You Ever Get Stopped 
Before, during, and right after the stop are the most critical times to prepare your defense if you plan on fighting your speeding ticket. 
Because of this, it's CRITICAL that you remember EVERYTHING that is happening around you and document it: What was the traffic flow like What signs are on the roadway The condition of the roadway Other witnesses What is the weather like 
As you're doing this, look for a safe place to pull over for you and the police officer. 
If you're on the highway in busy traffic, put your flashers on, pull over to the right and consider exiting at the first exit. The Approach 
Once you're pulled over and stopped STAY IN YOUR CAR! 
Many police officer shootings occur as the officer is approaching a violator. Because of this, his/her stress levels are high, and he/she is watching everything you and the occupants of the car are doing. 
DO NOT: Reach into the glove box Reach under your seat 
DO Keep your hands in plain sight 
Your only job at this point is to reduce the officer's stress level as much as possible. The California Stop 
One strategy to reduce the officer's stress level is called the California Stop. 
As the officer is exiting his car, roll down the driver's side window. 
If it is at night, turn on your interior lights 
Then place your hands on the top of your steering wheel palms up, facing your face. 
Doing this, the officer can immediately see that you're not an immediate threat, and his stress level is reduced. License, Registration, Insurance Card, any Weapons? 
Now that the officer is standing next to your car one of the first things he is going to ask you is for your license, registration, insurance card and if you have any weapons in your possession. 
If you do have any weapons, tell him where they are and follow his/her instructions and hopefully you're properly licensed to possess them. Do You Know Why I Stopped You? 
Remember, everything you say or do will be documented by the officer so don't admit anything, especially that you were not paying attention. 
Just say 'no officer, can you explain to me why you stopped me?” Obey the Officer's Requests 
After the officer obtains the required documentation he may ask you to step out of your car or to remain in your car, just follow his commands. 
Can I See Your Radar/Laser Gun? 
If the officer says that he used a radar or laser gun, seem curious and ask the officer if you can see it and if he would be willing to explain to you how it works. 
If the officer does allow you to see it, take a mental picture of the device, getting the manufacturer's name and model number. 
If he refuses to show you the gun, then just ask him if he could explain to you how it works. The Citation 
As some point, the officer is going to either have you sign the citation or just hand you a copy. 
While he is still with you, review the citation to see if he documented the type of device he used to measure your speed. 
If he didn't ask him/her to put on the citation the type of device he/she used. Documentation 
Remember everything you do or say is being documented and possibly even being recorded by the officer. 
It's your job to do the same! After the Stop 
After the stop, find a safe place to pull over and write down EVERYTHING that happened. Then return to the area and snap photos of the area with a camera or your smartphone. Get Ready for Your Case 
Next it's your job to get ready for your trial. Step #1 – Know What the Officer Shot You With 
To properly prepare your case, you first need to know what type of device the officer used to clock your speed. Police radar guns transmit microwave radio signals, and it this type of enforcement that accounts for most speeding citations. 
Police lidar guns transmit a narrow beam of light in the near inferred light spectrum and they account for 20% of all traffic citations. 
Other ways an officer can clock your speed are using a timing device such as a stopwatch or VASCAR, or following behind you clocking your speed using their speedometer. 
Because of this, you need to know EXACTLY what the officer used to measure your speed. 
Many jurisdictions will note on the citation what type of device was used and even the device's serial number. 
If this is not documented on your citation, then you may need to follow-up with a friendly telephone call to the agency or officer that issued you the citation and inquire. Step #2 – Start by Downloading These Free NHTSA Guides 
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is responsible for developing training programs responsive to the Uniform National Standards established by the Highway Safety Act of 1996. 
Because of this, the NHTSA has published guidelines both police agencies and officers MUST follow when operating radar or laser. 
As we will be referencing several portions of each of these guides in this article to help you build your case, we would recommend ' googling ” these titles and download these free PDFs now: 
Speed-Measuring Device Performance Specification: Across-the-Road Radar Module 
Lidar Speed Measuring Device Performance Specifications 
Police Radar Instructor Training Course 
Basic Training Program in Radar Speed Measurement Step #3 – Have an Understanding of Case Law Case Law Regarding the Use of Police Radar 
If you were cited by an officer who used a police radar gun, your next step is to have a understanding of these most significant case laws pertaining to the use of radar in speed enforcement. 
State of Florida v. Aquilera (1979) 
This infamous case is known widely as the Miami Radar Trial. After a local television reporter showed a house clocked at 28 mph and a palm tree clocked at 86 mph, the story broke nationwide and radar was quickly shown to be less than accurate. In this case the Dade County Court sustained a motion to suppress the results of radar units in 80 speeding ticket cases. 
The court's opinion stated that the reliability of radar speed measuring devices as used in their present modes and particularly in some cases, has not been established beyond and to the exclusion of every reasonable doubt, nor has it met the test of reasonable scientific certainty. United States v. Fields (1982) 
District Court in Ohio ruled that it was not possible to establish from the radar results whether the defendant was traveling at 43 mph or whether the Speedgun 8 radar unit was measuring the rotation of the ventilation fan at the sewage pumping station next to the officer's car. 
The court also found that the officer was not qualified to operate the radar unit since he did not know the requirements for correct operation of the unit. In addition, the officer did not calibrate it before use, on that occasion. 
Commonwealth of Kentucky v. Honeycutt (1966) 
This case is a very common prosecution weapon against the 24 hours of classroom and 16 hours of field training requirement. In this case the court ruled that an officer should not be required to know the scientific principles of radar. 
The court also ruled that the officer only needs to know how to properly set up, test and read the radar unit. As such, a few hours of instruction should be enough to qualify an officer to operate the radar unit. 
State of Connecticut v. Tomanelli (1966) 
In the case, which is the same year as the Honeycutt case, the Supreme Court of Connecticut ruled that 'outside influences may affect the accuracy of the recording by a police radar set sufficient to raise a doubt as to the reliability of the speed recorded.” 
The court also stated that tuning forks must be proved to be accurate to be accepted as valid tests of a radar unit. In order to establish the accuracy of the radar unit the operator must testify to the following: That he made tuning fork tests before and after the defendant's speed was recorded. That the tests were made by activating 40, 60 and 80 mph tuning forks and by observing that the unit responded correctly in each case. 
State of Minnesota v. Gerdes (1971) 
The Supreme Court of Minnesota ruled that where the only means of testing the accuracy of a radar unit is an internal mechanism within the unit, and there is no other evidence of the motorist's speed other than the radar reading, the conviction cannot be sustained. 
The court also established the following conditions for proving the accuracy of the radar unit: The officer must have adequate training and experience in the operation of the radar unit. The officer must testify as to how the unit was set up and the conditions the unit was operated under. it must be proven that the unit was operated with a minimum possibility of distortion from external interference. The unit has to be tested with an external source, such as a tuning fork or an actual test run with another vehicle with an accurately calibrated speedometer. 
People of New York v. Perlman (1977) 
The Suffolk County District Court ruled that the radar device was not proved to be accurate since no external test had been performed before or after the arrest. This case is significant since it established the criteria of testing before and after a citation is issued. 
State of Wisconsin v. Hanson (1978) 
In this landmark case, the Supreme Court of Wisconsin set minimum conditions for the use of radar as evidence. Sufficient evidence to support a speeding conviction with moving radar will require testimony by a competent operating officer that: He had adequate training and experience in radar operation The radar unit was in proper working condition at the time of the arrest The radar unit was used in an area where there was a minimum possibility of distortion The input speed of the officer's car was verified; the car's speedometer was expertly tested within a reasonable period after the citation was issued All testing was done without the radar unit's own internal calibration device being used 
State of Florida v. Allweiss (1980) 
The Pinellas County Court ruled that the testing methods for radar equipment are legally insufficient. 'The use of such a tuning fork furnished by the manufacturer in this court's opinion is tantamount to allowing the machine to test itself. 
A tuning fork furnished by the manufacturer is merely an extension and part of the total speed measuring apparatus. Case Law Regarding the Use of Police Lidar 
If an officer used a police lidar gun to cite you, then your next step is to have a basic understanding of these most significant case laws that pertain to the use of lidar in speed enforcement. 
Admissibility of Motor Vehicle Speed Readings 714 A.2d 381, 391-92 (New Jersey Superior Court 1998) 
The Superior Court of New Jersey ordered that admissibility to lidar is subject to the following rules: Expert testimony is not required. Officers must be properly trained in the use of lidar and that training must be documented. The lidar must be tested according to procedures recommended by the manufacturer. The court further ordered that the lidar be tested against a known speed. Speed reading obtained by lidar are not affected by temperature, the degree of ambient light, or light to moderate rain. Readings shall not be accepted during heavy rainfall or while snow is falling. Speed reading made at distances up to 1,000 feet are admissible. Readings obtained in excess of 1,000 feet shall be admitted only with supporting evidence and expert testimony 
State of Hawaii v Abiye Assay 
Once an officer has completed a course of instruction and certified to operate lidar – training is not done. Officers must understand (memorize) 11.2 Principles of Operation. 
For example, during the known-distance test officers must testify that the lidar uses proven time-distance formulas (pulse principle) and the speed of light (universal constant) to determine the known distance. Since the lidar utilizes one microprocessor to calculate time-of-flight and thus confirms the correct pulse repetition frequency, the lidar can accurately determine speed. 
Then officers must obtain, read, and understand the manufacturer's operator's manual (10.7 Certification) for the particular lidar used and follow the manufacturer-recommended procedures for testing. Officers must further test the lidar as outlined in 11.16 Testing the LIDAR: 
Known Speed Test. All lidars must include a Technician Certification (10.7 & 11.16) every 3 years in accordance with manufacture's specifications and NHTSA standards. (Note: New lidars come with a Technician Certification from the factory.) 
Officers must successfully complete Visual Speed Estimations, Enclosure 13.2 and be prepared to present this information in a court of law. During operation officers must understand and follow a proper tracking history (11.4 Lidar Tracking History) and be prepared to testify as to visual observations and speed estimates prior to clocking with lidar. 
Officers must understand all lidar effects (11.5Lidar Effects), including proper operation to avoid any of these effects. Officer must be currently certified (10.7 Certification) to operate radar/lidar. Finally, the officer must prepare all court cases as outlined in this manual. (10.8 Court Testimony, 10.9 Traffic Evidence Kit) Step #4 – Get the Manufacture's Manuals 
Next you will want to obtain the manuals from the manufacturer for the speed measurement device used by the officer. 
Sometimes a simple search on Google can locate these. 
If not, you then may have to contact the manufacturer to purchase a copy and/or subpoena the manual through the courts from the police agency. 
Take special note what the manufacturer's recommendations are as far as: Installation

ARTICLE

Home / Foreign Affairs / The Fix is In — Russia Kicked Off UN Human Rights Council, While Terrorist Saudi Arabia Re-Elected The Fix is In — Russia Kicked Off UN Human Rights Council, While Terrorist Saudi Arabia Re-Elected Jay Syrmopoulos October 29, 2016 1 Comment 
New York, NY – Russia lost an election to the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC) for the first time since the council's inception in 2006 – narrowly being beaten out by Croatia – as arguably the biggest supporter of terrorism in the world, Saudi Arabia, was re-elected to the council in spite of strong condemnation from global human rights organizations. 
The 47 council seats are elected for a three-year term and regionally distributed, with staggered elections for one third of the seats every year. Russia had just completed a three-year term running against both Hungary and Croatia for the two available seats from Eastern Europe. 
After the U.S. lobbied heavily against the Russians, Hungary finished substantially ahead in the voting, with Croatia receiving 114 votes and Russia garnering only 112 votes of the 193 member countries. 
'It was a very close vote and very good countries competing, Croatia, Hungary. They are fortunate because of their size, they are not exposed to the winds of international diplomacy. Russia is very exposed. We've been in the UNHRC for several years, and I am sure next time we will stand and get back in,” Russia's UN envoy Vitaly Churkin said. 
Russia will be eligible to run for a seat on the UNHRC again next year. 
Staunch U.S. ally, and renowned global terror exporter, Saudi Arabia, easily made it onto the council with 152 votes on the Asian ballot, and will represent the region alongside Iraq, Japan and China for the next three years. 
According to a report from RT : 
South Africa, Rwanda, Egypt and Tunisia were chosen from the African group, Cuba and Brazil from Latin America and the Caribbean, and the US and the UK will represent the Western bloc, which comprises Western Europe and North America. 
Over the next term, which will last between 2017 and 2019, the 14 chosen members will be tasked with formulating the UN's official position on conflicts occurring around the world, as well as the domestic policies of member states. 
It should be noted that the U.S. is intentionally attempting to utilize the UN as a tool to forward their 'aggressive Russia” narrative, thus removing Russia from the council is paramount to the American goal of labeling Russia as a human rights violator. 
A number of the worlds most prestigious non-governmental human rights organizations, have come forward to claim that the UNHRC has been hijacked by oppressive regimes (like the Saudis) looking to deflect criticism and drive their own agendas. 
Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International produced a joint statement earlier this year condemning Saudi Arabia's 'appalling record of violations” in Yemen, where it has been accused of war crimes over the bombing of Houthi rebels — resulting in the deaths of up to 4,000 civilians. Both organizations have called for Saudi Arabia, a council member since 2006, to be suspended from the UNHRC without success. 
Exposing the rampant corruption within the UN system, just last month Saudi Arabia used its power in the council to block an outside inquiry into the Kingdom's 157 domestic executions last year – often by beheading – while simultaneously heading a successful resolution that allowed their allies from the exiled Yemeni government to investigate numerous human rights abuses committed by Saudi Arabia in Yemen. 
Russia dismissed a petition signed by 80 NGOs, as 'cynical” and 'dishonorable,” and said the accusations were motivated more by politics than by concern for human rights. The groups, which included Human Rights Watch and Refugees International, asked the voting countries to 'question seriously whether Russia's role in Syria which includes supporting and undertaking military actions which have routinely targeted civilians and civilian objects renders it fit to serve on the UN's premier inter-governmental human rights institution.” 
Make no mistake that the exclusion of the Russians from the council is a strategic move, orchestrated by the United States, as means of both marginalizing Russian influence, and stacking the deck against them in an effort to control the global narrative regarding Russia's role as an international peacemaker. The goal is to propagandize people into buying into the 'aggressive Russia” narrative continually parroted by US war hawks. 
When Saudi Arabia, a nation that beheaded twice the number of people as ISIS last year , and one of the biggest exporters of global terrorism, is on the Human Rights Council – while the Russia is summarily dismissed because they challenge the U.S. narrative in Syria – it becomes increasingly apparent that the UN is nothing more than a tool to forward U.S. empire globally. Share Google + morris 
This is some sort of sick joke, why doesn't the west start acting like they have some semblance of responsibility to if not those that gave them Power well then future generations. The West has already made it abundantly clear that because usa loses its Reserve Currency status they will happily take the entire Planet out with them. 
This is usa pulling the strings as usual with it's witless cohorts obeying as told. Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Like a 'Concentration Camp' Police Mark DAPL Protesters with Numbers & Lock Them in Dog Kennels Like a 'Concentration Camp' Police Mark DAPL Protesters with Numbers & Lock Them in Dog Kennels Claire Bernish October 29, 2016 2 Comments 
Cannon Ball, N.D. — On Thursday, police from no less than five states sporting full riot gear and armed with heavy lethal and nonlethal weaponry, pepper spray, mace, a number of ATVs, five tanks, two helicopters, and military-equipped humvees showed up to tear down an encampment of Standing Rock Sioux water protectors and supporters armed with … nothing. 
Under orders from the now-notorious Morton County Sheriff's Office, this ridiculously heavy-handed standing army came better prepared to do battle than some actual military units fighting overseas. 
But the target of their operation — a group of slightly more than 200 Native American water protectors and supporters opposing construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline — never intended to do battle with the armed, taxpayer-funded, corporate-backed, state-sponsored aggressors. 
Reports vary, but no less than 141 people were arrested Thursday, and — according to witnesses — police marked numbers on arrestees' arms and housed them in cement-floored dog kennels , without any padding, before they were transported as far away as Fargo. 
'It goes back to concentration camp days,” asserted Oceti-Sakowin coordinator Mekasi Camp-Horinek, who, along with his mother, was marked and detained in a mesh kennel, reports the Los Angeles Times . 
Although Thursday's incident remained relatively peaceful for some time, with only shouts, chants, and occasional attempts by water protectors to convince this standing army to examine its motives and reconsider, clashes nonetheless broke out — solely because of gratuitous police aggression. 
After facing off for a couple hours, these militant cops began closing in on the water protectors to shut down the Treaty of 1851 camp — in reference to the Fort Laramie Treaty of that year, which established a large parcel of land designated exclusively Native American territory not to be disturbed by the U.S. government. Prior to his arrest, Camp-Horinek had established the camp, stating, as cited by Indigenous Rising : 
'Today, the Oceti Sakowin has enacted eminent domain on DAPL lands, claiming 1851 treaty rights. This is unceded land. Highway 1806 as of this point is blockaded. We will be occupying this land and staying here until this pipeline is permanently stopped. We need bodies and we need people who are trained in non-violent direct action. We are still staying non-violent and we are still staying peaceful.” 
Despite the water protectors' commitment to nonviolence, the militarized police response went as would be expected — horribly awry. 
'A prayer circle of elders, including several women, was interrupted and all were arrested for standing peacefully on the public road,” stated a press release from Indigenous Environment Network. 'A tipi was erected in the road and was recklessly dismantled, despite law enforcement statements that they would merely mark the tipi with a yellow ribbon and ask its owners to retrieve it. A group of water protectors was also dragged out of a sweat lodge ceremony erected in the path of the pipeline, thrown to the ground, and arrested.” 
Claims to the contrary by Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier aside, Native American and Indigenous water protectors and supporters have refrained from violent acts on the whole, preferring instead peaceful prayer vigils and acts of civil disobedience. 
No matter how peacefully the opposition acts, armed defenders of Big Oil interests seem determined to brutalize , disrespect, and generally incite and inflict violence against those who desire unsullied water for generations to come. 
In fact, at the beginning of September, a private security firm hired by Energy Transfer Partners, the company responsible for pipeline construction, indiscriminately unleashed vicious attack dogs on water protectors, press, and supporters — for reasons as yet unknown. 
During the savage attack, a pregnant woman, young girl, and many others suffered serious dog bites thanks to the ineptitude of the dogs' handlers. Afterward, a warrant for inciting a riot was issued Democracy Now! journalist Amy Goodman — for doing her job, filming events as they happened — though charges were subsequently thrown out. 
Although ETP and some law enforcement officers defended the barbarous actions of the private security mercenaries, the Guardian now reports that — because the guards lacked proper licensing — they could now face criminal charges. On Wednesday, the Morton County Sheriff's Office made the determination that 'dog handlers were not properly licensed to do security work in the state of North Dakota.” 
Bob Frost, owner of Ohio-based Frost Kennels, told the Guardian , 'All the proper protocols … were already done. I pulled my guys out the next day because we weren't there to go to war with these protesters.” 
Frost insisted he had cooperated with authorities investigating the incident — but the sheriff's department disagrees. Seven handlers and dogs were deployed to the scene in early September, allegedly in response to reports of trespassers; but, according to the Guardian , police have only managed to identify two people. 
The sheriff's department claims Frost has not provided necessary information, and unnamed security officials cited in the report said that 'there were no intentions of using the dogs or handlers for security work. … However, because of the protest events, the dogs were deployed as a method of trying to keep the protesters under control.” 
In a statement cited by the Guardian , Morton County Captain Jay Gruebele said, 'Although lists of security employees have been provided, there is no way of confirming whether the list is accurate or if names have been purposely withheld.” 
Water protectors, in the meantime, are left to deal with absurdly disproportionate state violence — and the altogether unacceptable, disrespectful, and demeaning insult of being relegated to dog kennels after being arrested for exercising their rights. 
As Lakota Country Times editor Brandon Ecoffey wrote in an editorial Thursday, 
'Over the course of the last several months the abuse of detainees by Morton County Law Enforcement has overstepped every boundary guaranteed by the American constitution. Water protectors have been seen being bound and hooded by police. People are being stripped searched and abused within their jail for misdemeanor crimes. And police have employed the use of mass surveillance through drones on the protector camps. This isn't a war zone this is North Dakota.” Share Google + Steve Wilkins 
The American establishment is at war with it's own people. Corporate arrogance will inevitably be translated into a backlash. It's a crying shame these people are not being supported by the American public 000's should be there in mind body and soul. Once again government/corporate overreach squashes the citizen protest. they don't like it when people bring guns to the party – but look how they treat those that don't! Sharon Jeanguenat 
Our government is disgraceful! This is as bad as how they treated Indians back when the West was being settled. They give lands to the Indians, then when somebody comes along that needs that land to make money, they up & take it away from the Indians. God help us if Hillary wins this election! Social

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Filming Cops / Watch: Aerial Footage Catches Man Stopping at a Drive Thru — While Being Chased By Police Watch: Aerial Footage Catches Man Stopping at a Drive Thru — While Being Chased By Police Johnny Liberty October 29, 2016 1 Comment 
Chandler, AZ – In a scene that seems straight out of a Hollywood satire film, an Arizona man was caught on video going through an In-N-Out drive thru while he was involved in a 'low speed” chase with police. 
According to reports , police attempted to stop the 35-year-old burger-loving suspect just before 10:30 pm. The suspect then fled at low speeds, leading police on a chase through South Phoenix into East Valley. The chase then took a strange turn when the suspect pulled into the In-N-Out Burger location near Chandler Boulevard and Ray Road. 
While sitting in the drive thru, the suspect, identified as 35-year-old Josh Adkins, appears to order food before pulling away several minutes later. 
After leaving the restaurant parking lot, Adkins reportedly exited his vehicle and attempted to flee through backyards, where he was pursued and eventually surrendered to officers. 
According to police, Adkins was arrested and charged with suspicion of unlawful flight from law enforcement, aggravated assault-domestic violence, and unlawful imprisonment. 
While this chase may seem humorous and thankfully ended peacefully, sadly this is more often than not an exception to the rule. As The Free Thought Project previously reported, a shocking study has found that, on average, one person every day is killed or injured during a high-speed chase. 
According to the study, more than 5,000 bystanders and passengers have been killed in police car chases since 1979. Tens of thousands more were injured as officers repeatedly pursued drivers at high speeds and in hazardous conditions. 
Even more shocking, is the fact that, according to the International Association of Chiefs of Police and the National Institute of Justice, a whopping 91 percent of high-speed chases are in response to non-violent crime; most of which involve only minor traffic infractions. 
These statistics are yet further proof that there is no law so trivial that the police will not kill you to enforce it. As America slips further into a dystopian nightmare, it's time for people to wake up to the reality of what policing has become in 2016. 
Johnny Liberty is a researcher and investigative journalist. You can follow him on twitter @LibertyUnltd Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Hillary Turns Her Back on Standing Rock Sioux: 'Path Forward Must Serve Broadest Public Interest' Hillary Turns Her Back on Standing Rock Sioux: 'Path Forward Must Serve Broadest Public Interest' Jay Syrmopoulos October 29, 2016 Leave a comment 
Brooklyn, NY – With tensions escalating rapidly after the militarized police action at the Standing Rock Sioux 'Treaty Camp,” which included the use of armored police tanks, attack dogs, batons, rubber bullets, high-velocity bean bags, tear gas and LRAD sound weapons, and that saw the arrest of over 100 water protectors, the Clinton campaign, after months of silence, could no longer sit quietly on the sidelines and released a statement about the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) one day after the violent assault. 
The statement from the Clinton campaign director of coalitions press, Xochitl Hinojosa, who oversees Hispanic, black, and women's media for the Clinton campaign, reads in full: 
We received a letter today from representatives of the tribes protesting the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. From the beginning of this campaign, Secretary Clinton has been clear that she thinks all voices should be heard and all views considered in federal infrastructure projects. Now, all of the parties involved—including the federal government, the pipeline company and contractors, the state of North Dakota, and the tribes—need to find a path forward that serves the broadest public interest. As that happens, it's important that on the ground in North Dakota, everyone respects demonstrators' rights to protest peacefully, and workers' rights to do their jobs safely. 
On the same day the militarized action in North Dakota took place, Native youth from the Standing Rock Sioux and other tribes — tired of the damning silence from Hillary Clinton — demonstrated outside of Clinton campaign headquarters in Brooklyn, New York. 
A number of brave Lakota youth and their Lenape relatives erected a teepee and prayed in the lobby of Clinton's Brooklyn office as a militarized police force evicted water protectors from their traditional Treaty Lands in North Dakota. They were there to deliver a letter to Clinton about the pipeline. 
A 14 –year-old girl from Standing Rock attempted to deliver a letter to Hillary Clinton's Brooklyn campaign HQ to ask her to take a stand on the Dakota Access Pipeline. The youth stood at the front desk in tears asking for someone to please come down to accept the letter. The guards completely ignored the young girl, and the Clinton campaign refused to show enough respect to send a campaign staffer to cordially accept the letter. 
Just after this dozens of police arrived and ordered us to disperse or we would be arrested. 
' What a crock,” said Ruth Hopkins, a Dakota-Lakota Sioux writer for Indian Country Today Media Network. 
'Hillary Clinton managed to make a statement about the Dakota Pipeline that literally says nothing. Literally,” 350.org co-founder Bill McKibben tweeted in response to the Clinton campaign statement. 
'Kind of a BS statement by the Clinton camp on #NoDAPL, frankly,” wrote MSNBC host Joy Reid. 'The outrage taking place out there cries out for outrage.” 
Or as Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting journalist Adam Johnson put it, this 'is the most Clinton thing of all times.” 
This curiously appears to be another case of Clinton having a 'public and private position,” as revealed in her leaked speeches to Wall St. banks, the primary drivers behind the Dakota Access Pipeline. The fact is that Clinton has completely turned her back on the Standing Rock Sioux. Her statement was essentially a non-statement, which speaks volumes as to who she is truly beholden too… and it isn't the American public. The words 'find a path forward that serves the broadest public interest” can be directly translated into 'this pipeline is good for Merica, and we don't care about Native issues… but we'll pretend we do until I'm elected.” 
Please share this story if you believe Clinton's statement is a blatant disrespect to all Native peoples! Share

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Abuse Survivor Speaks Out: 'Cops Stood Guard as I was Raped by Politicians as a Child” Abuse Survivor Speaks Out: 'Cops Stood Guard as I was Raped by Politicians as a Child” Matt Agorist May 26, 2015 143 Comments 
Staffordshire, Eng — An abuse survivor has bravely broken her silence to tell her horrific childhood story. In an interview with Sky News, Esther Baker, 32, explained how she and other children were raped by politicians as uniformed police officers stood guard. 
'I got the feeling very much that they were protecting somebody, that they were with one of the men,” said Baker. 
'One of them (police officers) I knew from church. There were a few occasions where they would be in uniform, and I kind of knew, I learnt that when they were in uniform that it was going to be a rough night,” she explained. 'On occasion they would – they would sort of join in.” 
During one of the incidents, Baker recalls that she was able to run away, only to be chased down and caught by a police officer. Apparently the police officer was apologetic as he carried her back to the rapist politicians. He must have 'just been doing his job.” 
'There was one that I can remember, one of the times I tried to run away and tried to get away from them and he came after me, caught up with me and he was carrying me back to where the rest of them were and he said he was sorry,” she said. 
Baker explained how she and other children around the age of 6 were often brought to various properties and given alcohol and then raped by judges and lords. 
This poor young girl thought the rape was normal. Since everyone called these men 'lords,” she thought they were doing God's work. 
'I don't quite know how to explain. I was brought up in a religious household and one thing that kept me so sure that what they were doing was right was that there were references to people, Lords and a judge,” she said. 'I picked up on those names because I thought one of them must have been God because one of them was 'Our Lord.'” 
'I just thought that they were on God's authority.” 
Now that Baker has courageously come forward, despite the deadly threats she received and the police being involved, authorities are claiming that they will investigate her claims thoroughly. 
'I always swore I would never go near the police again – never. I was scared because it feels like, yeah, they are going to know I have said something so the only way I can now protect myself is now to tell,” Baker said. 'I just hope others will do the same. That is the only way we are going to be safe.” 
Sadly Baker's story is not an isolated one. 
Jessa Dillow-Crisp recently testified at the Colorado State Capitol, during Human Trafficking Awareness and Advocacy Day, about the horrible experiences that she had in her past. 
She was unable to report the abuse or go to the police because there were a number of police officers who were involved in her kidnapping and abuse. 
'There was gang raping, the police officer who handcuffed me and raped me, told me I would be put in jail if I opened my voice, ” she said. Share

ARTICLE

Home / #Solutions / BOMBSHELL: AAA Safety Foundation Finds No Scientific Basis that THC in Blood Impairs Driving BOMBSHELL: AAA Safety Foundation Finds No Scientific Basis that THC in Blood Impairs Driving Claire Bernish May 10, 2016 19 Comments 
No scientific basis exists to legitimize current THC testing in place in five states who base their impaired driving standards on THC levels in blood. According to a study from auto club giant AAA's safety foundation, a blood test threshold for THC — the chemical component of cannabis that makes people 'high' — is simply not scientifically possible. 
Yet, in five of six states where cannabis is legal, the tests are used to determine whether or not drivers should be considered impaired. Those tests employ a blood level-based judgment similar to that used for determining alcohol impairment. But AAA found such tests for THC are wholly unreliable — sending potentially unimpaired drivers to jail and putting impaired drivers back behind the wheel. 
'There is understandably a strong desire by both lawmakers and the public to create legal limits for marijuana impairment in the same manner we do alcohol,” said AAA president and CEO, Marshall Doney, as reported by the Associated Press . 'In the case of marijuana this approach is flawed and not supported by scientific research.” 
After discovering the tests had no value, the safety foundation recommended Colorado, Montana, Nevada, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Washington simply ditch their THC impairment testing laws — and that other states considering similar laws abandon the proposed legislation. 
As the study notes, determining actual impairment from THC consumption is quite different than for alcohol. Tolerance for the chemical would mean though a regular cannabis user might have high blood levels of THC, they are perfectly safe behind the wheel — while a relatively low THC blood level could be found in someone unfit to drive. 
Instead of what amounts to arbitrary blood testing, AAA recommends specialized law enforcement officers who would better observe behavior as a determination of impairment, which would then be backed up by THC blood testing. 
As the AP noted, nine states — even some with legalized medicinal cannabis — currently have zero-tolerance policies in place for THC-impaired driving. Those states' laws include not only blood testing for THC, but also for its metabolites which can persist in blood long after the last use of cannabis. 
Obviously, explained New York University professor and specialist in drug issues and criminal policy, Mark A. R. Kleiman, such laws make no sense. 
'A law against driving with THC in your bloodstream is not a law you can know you are obeying except by never smoking marijuana or never driving,” he explained. Kleiman, however, disagrees with AAA's recommendation to adjust current laws, and instead feels such offenses should by traffic violations. 
According to Kleiman, compared to other potentially dangerous impairments, cannabis is likely the least offensive on the list. While some studies showed roughly double the risk of accidents caused by cannabis impairment, nationally-legal hands-free cellphone usage quadruples the crash risk — and blood alcohol content of .12 increases accident risk 15-fold. 
A 'noisy child in the back of the car” presents the same increased dangers as driving under the influence of cannabis, Kleiman said — noting an exception would be use of both cannabis and alcohol together, which would greatly increase impairment. 
Clearly, ineffectual and illegitimate laws that senselessly send people to jail need to be abandoned with a quickness — and the AAA safety foundation's findings on THC blood impairment testing would be a fantastic place to start. Share 
This is really OLD news. They should have read this: http://www.bisdro.uni-bremen.de/boellinger/cannabis/09-robbe.pdf zimbo 
good link, but older than this. the fact that interested people from along the whole world expect news in studies and decisions based on founded experiences to cannabis and society makes this 'kind of new” : 'now we know that we knew it before, but we didnt believe…”. all the studies in europe are hard work because of 'illegalitity”. as only holland has a moderate view on that and a few countries like portugal or poland have anti criminal laws for owning a few gram, there is almost no way for good representative studies, except for medical science. thats why this 1994 study from holland is so important, and is translated in a big interpretation range along europe. The federal comission (same that was asked for 1ng level in 2002) tried to uplift the level to 3ng this january, due to later sciences, but was not succesful. relevant science of countries with 'legalisation” is important for other countries, and such statements from the aaa too, as it comes from big brother u.s., thats always a door opener, holland science isn t so much for lobby germoney marianne 
It's not about making sure people aren't impaired, it was never about that. It's just yet another means of trying to screw over anyone who breaks stupid prohibitionist drug laws. From that perspective, the law makes perfect sense. Michael 
This is only a surprise for the people who have never experienced or used marijuana. 2 hours after you smoke it, you're as good as new most of the time. Sometimes it last a little longer but not very often especially if its mexican ditch weed. It has to be really good strain to last any longer than 2 hours. However, if you ingest it there is a longer buzz. It takes an hour or so after you ingest it to begin the buzz. 
Again, marijuana is far far far more safe to use and understand how to use, than alcohol. If you wanna make your life better stop drinking alcohol which will definitely kill you and smoke a doobie, relax and enjoy the music knowing that what you just put in your body will NOT kill you.. marianne 
To be fair, alcohol isn't all that deadly if used in moderation. Moderate consumption even has some health benefits. I mean it's certainly a drug with the potential to be very dangerous if misused, more so than most illegal drugs, but drinking alcohol won't definitely kill you (though it very well might if you overuse it). William Carmichael 
'To be fair, alcohol ISN'T ALL THAT DEADLY if used in moderation.” LOL! What a statement. marianne 
True enough, I did phrase that in a somewhat amusing way! Elizabeth Pallett 
Or you could try eating it to ensure good health, mental and physical, smoking has a very short term effect even for pain, ingesting has far more benefits and is better for you too. JD Salinger 
The point of the article is getting tested for impairment. If you eat it you still have thc in your system. You can still get popped. The article says the tests are unreliable are unscientific. But thanks for your view on edibles anyway. mantirig41 
I know I am a much kinder diver when stoned. Sober I drive like a bat out of hell Chris Sky 
Laws aren't about 'The Greater Good” they are about MONEY and CONTROL for the people in power. AlPennG 
WE NEED ACCESS TO THE WHOLE PLANT SO WE CAN LIVE A WHOLE LIFE!! PERIOD!! THERE IS NOT ENOUGH PROFIT IN IT SO THAT HAS TO BE BAD!! THAT IS THEIR THINK ON EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING ALL BULLSHIT THEY KEEP SHOVELING!! WE CRY, WE DIE AND THE POLITICIANS LIE!! zimbo 
interesting. to drive drunk and stoned is no option for me, and i appreciate possibilities to keep people away from driving a car as long as they are not able to. the question about how to find out, the level and penalty in other countries brought me here.I heard about colorados level of 10ng thc/ml serum. for german administration law you are 'unable impaired” for car and bike with 1ng thc/ml serum, thats up to 24h after a 34mg joint. or 75 ng thc metabolites /ml serum; or a official witness for using car or bike within 12h after smoking joint (telling this in wrong environment can be enough) you loose your license and begin a half or one year psychological and medical odyssey for a 50/50 chance to get it back. (for blood alcohol the level is 1,1). psychologists earn a lot of money with that. in switzerland, you may drive trolley car with up to 3ng/ml serum- as operator. both laws based on the 1994 limburg university study by h.w.j. robbe, also posted below. As there is no succesful way to criminalize people with a joint or a bit cannabis by criminal law in germany due to high 'costs for nothing”, the admin.law is misused, and you can loose your license even by smoking in a park or carrying 3 joints in a taxi. Finally i like the link to the noisy backseat kids. interesting: this year several people lost their lives getting involved in accidents by spontaneous street races. as the license is older than 2 years, the drivers get it back automatically after 1 -3 months. there is no significant statistic on marihuana caused accidents. in combination with alcohol there are. every known european study say that marihuana leads to defensive and careful appearances, while alcohol leads to aggresive and overestimational behaviour. beer is an huge economical factor here, followed by pharmaceutics, which are not further considered in such discussions. 
on a tv documentation of german truckers they talk in every way about all kind of pharmaceutics taken before while and after their hard job… Misty Trenshaw 
http://sprout.news/cops-confess-people-drive-better-when-they-are-high/#wysija 
So, what's the problem? You stop at a stop sign and wait for it to turn green? You're overly cautious? A good driver? It's all about government control. 
I divorced my parents because of control when I was 17. I divorced my ex husband because of control when I was 32. I think it's high time we divorced our government. BarleySinger 
unfortunately, all over the world people are in abusive relationships with their governments Kokopelli 
Weed causes people to drive more slowly & more cautiously. Alcohol makes people drive faster & more recklessly. BarleySinger 
The inability to account for 'Tolerance” isn't specific to cannabis. Is is true for nearly every intoxicant. It *very* true about alcohol. The cytochrome p450 system is different for every person. There is no simple roadside testing method in existence that can prove impairment. JackmeOFF 
Pot is for losers complete fucking drones JD Salinger 
I bet you are a hoot at parties. Social

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / To Fight Racism, Oregon College Devotes an Entire Month to 'Whiteness'-Shaming To Fight Racism, Oregon College Devotes an Entire Month to 'Whiteness'-Shaming Matt Agorist January 18, 2016 153 Comments 
Portland, OR — The Cascade Campus Diversity Council at Portland Community College has just declared April to be one of the most unprecedented 'educational projects” ever conceived —'White ness History Month.” 
According to PCC , 'Whiteness History Month: Context, Consequences, and Change is a multidisciplinary, district-wide, educational project examining race and racism through an exploration of the construction of whiteness, its origins, and heritage.” 
In the opposite manner of 'Black History Month,” Whiteness History Month will not be celebrating the contributions made throughout history by people with white skin, but rather shaming them. 
'White ness History Month, unlike heritage months, is not a celebratory endeavor, it is an effort to change our campus climate,” the College points out on its website. 
Peter Fricke, writing for Campus Reform, explains, 
According to a sub-page defining the term (adapted from a definition developed by the University of Calgary ), whiteness 'does not simply refer to skin color[,] but [to] an ideology based on beliefs, values, behaviors, habits, and attitudes, which result in the unequal distribution of power and privilege based on skin color.” 
Not only does the concept of whiteness allow those who are 'socially deemed white” to accrue benefits, the page asserts, but those benefits 'are accrued at the expense of people of color, namely in how people of color are systemically and prejudicially denied equal access to those material benefits.” 
The ideology of whiteness, it continues, dates back to 'at least the seventeenth century, [when] 'white' appeared as a legal term and social designator determining social and political rights,” a concept that eventually grew to include 'thousands” of 'special privileges and protections” for white citizens. 
While there is no question that racism is alive and well in the United States today, attempting to solve the problem by creating a climate of 'race shaming' is like trying to put out a fire by throwing matches into it. 
It is a statistical fact that black people are incarcerated at a higher rate, face heavier consequences for the same charges as their white counterparts, and are killed by police at a higher rate than whites. 
As Ron Paul pointed out in the 2012 presidential debate, 
'True racism in this country is in the judicial system. The percentage of people who use drugs are about the same with blacks and whites. And yet the blacks are arrested way disproportionately. They're prosecuted and imprisoned way disproportionately, they get the death penalty way disproportionately. How many times have you seen a white rich person get the electric chair or get, you know, execution? If we truly want to be concerned about racism, you ought to look at a few of those issues and look at the drug laws, which are being so unfairly enforced.” 
However, shaming your neighbor who has nothing to do with these things, simply because their skin color is white, will solve nothing. It will only serve to fuel the flames of the bigot class by stoking the divide even further. 
Instead of teaching students to strive for greatness, no matter what, this 'project” teaches them to be victims. Instead of focusing on the issue of the state's role in perpetuating the racist ideology of a few people in positions of power, PCC is attempting to lay blame to an entire group of people — because of the varying levels of melatonin in their skin. 
Racism is an immense part of the problem, but it is important that we point out that it is only part of the problem. The other part of this problem is the color blue, and the violent unaccountable leviathan that it represents in America today. 
A racist idiot without a badge and uniform is simply a racist idiot, add the power of the state and that racist idiot lays waste to civil rights, initiates violence, and extorts the populace; and it's called 'justice.' 
While the intentions of those behind 'Whiteness History Month” are likely noble, they would do well to remember the famous words spoken by the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 
'I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.” 
Until we stop dwelling on the superficial qualities of our fellow humans, racism isn't going anywhere — regardless of misdirected campaigns of shame. 
h/t Campus Reform 
Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world.

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / War on Drugs / The Real Reason Police Fear Monger About 'Drug-laced Candy' on Halloween The Real Reason Police Fear Monger About 'Drug-laced Candy' on Halloween William N. Grigg October 26, 2015 2 Comments 
Halloween looms on the horizon like a rising Harvest Moon, and with its approach comes the perennial onslaught of scare stories about drug fiends trying to poison 'The Children.” 
The Jackson, Mississippi Police Department was one of many that used their Facebook page to disseminate a warning about Ecstasy pills that were deviously disguised to look like children's candy. The message contained a photo of what appeared to be an assortment of what appeared to be Pez-style hard candies in various shapes and colors. 
'If your kids get these for Halloween candy, they ARE NOT CANDY!!!” bellowed the Facebook post , which was composed by someone dangerously addicted to punctuation marks. 'They are the new shapes of `Ecstasy' and can kill kids through overdoses!!! So, check your kid's candy and `When in doubt, Throw it out!!!' Be safe and always keep the shiny side up!!!” 
No instrument yet invented can measure the infinitesimally small possibility that a child in Jackson would receive Ecstasy or any other drug as part of the Halloween haul. However, parents who follow the police department's admonition will infect their youngsters with alarm over the supposedly all-encompassing menace posed by fiendish drug addicts who spent considerable sums on expensive drugs that they simply give away to kids whom they will never see again. 
'Law enforcement agencies across the country have caught people with ecstasy pills shaped like candy,” intoned Memphis CBS affiliate WREG , which also passed along a report from a sister station in Louisville that 'a guy got busted last week for having ecstasy pills with Disney characters on them.” Shelby County Sheriff's deputies contacted by WREG replied to requests for comment about this supposed threat. The Memphis PD insisted that 'they have not heard anything about this, but would ask the Organized Crime Unit about it in the morning.” 
The families and the police ignore the fact that many ecstasy pill manufacturers mimic pop culture to brand their specific blend of drugs. The 'Disney Characters” on pills are little more than that drug dealer's logo. It is in no way intended to lure unsuspecting children into eating these pills that cost upwards of $30 each. 
Dr. Jon McCullers, Chief Pediatrician at Le Bonheur Children's Hospital, introduced an element of sobriety into the discussion, endorsing he common-sense notion that 'parents have to remain vigilant” while assuring the public that the specter of drug-tainted candy isn't 'on their radar.” 
'We haven't seen that here at Le Bonheur,” Dr. McCullers declared. 'It [the annual scare over adulterated Halloween candy] goes back to when I was a kid. Everybody worried about that sort of thing.” 
One supposedly verified incident of children being given marijuana-infused candy took place not during trick-or-treating, but in a government-controlled, 'drug-free” environment: One teenager was arrested and two others may face charges for allegedly giving pot-enhanced Skittles candies to students at the high school in Miller, Missouri. Police were told that five students 'ate the tainted candy and their parents were immediately contacted,” according to a report from KY3news.com. 
School superintendent Dustin Strom claims that the 'poisoned” candy 'has a different color, different look, and a different texture as well.” It's not clear from available reports, however, that toxicology tests were performed on the candy to confirm that they had been coated with THC (the psychoactive compound in cannabis), and, if this is the case, where the alleged offenders had obtained it. 
Despite Strom's assurance that this alleged tampering was 'an isolated incident,” the Miller Police Department announced that it will provide 'safety checks” on Halloween candy at the request of concerned parents. 
Moral panic of this kind bubbles up every year in mid-October, and the legalization of marijuana in Colorado and Washington – which can take the form of edibles that resemble brownies, cookies, or candy – has added a new flavor to that familiar witches' brew. However, as MTV News reported a year ago , 'we've been to this dance before. The myth of poisoned or drugged Halloween candy has been going around at this time of year since at least the '60s. Before marijuana candies, Americans have been scared of everything from heroin to metal shards in their kids' sugary loot.” 
Despite this annual outbreak of alarm, 'there's never been a proven case of some random madman intentionally poisoning random trick-or-treaters. In fact, children are more likely to be poisoned by a family member than a stranger around Halloween.” 
'I have always been skeptical of claims that maniacs try to poison kids' treats,” observes Joel Best, a professor of sociology and criminology at the University of Delaware. 'Why would they do that?” 
The implicit answer, from the perspective of those promoting the panic, is that drug fiends are motivated by a sadistic desire to defile childhood innocence. Just as 'war on terror” propaganda cultivates a directionless fear of swarthy, savagely bearded foreigners who 'hate us for our freedom,” agitprop conducted in the 'war on drugs” endlessly recapitulates similar themes put into circulation decades ago by the arch-prohibitionist Harry Anslinger . 
In testimony under oath before Congress in 1937, Anslinger insisted: 'Marijuana is the most violence-causing drug in the history of mankind.” As head of the Federal Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs, Anslinger maintained a 'gore file” replete with lurid stories – many of them entirely fictitious — of marijuana-crazed people committing hideous crimes, including rape, murder, and 'miscegenation.” Ansligner was endlessly preoccupied with the idea that black people are particularly susceptible to marijuana, and that one particularly acute danger posed by the demon weed was its role in breaking down the barriers against 'race-mixing.” 
The most important reason to outlaw marijuana, Anslinger insisted, 'is its effect on the degenerate races.” Marijuana was nothing less than the drug used to seal the bloody covenants sworn by members of the ancient Order of Assassins, Ansligner tremulously informed a credulous public, and even today it plays a central role in the never-ending plot by dark and devious men who seek to steal the innocence of 'Our Children.” 
'There are 100,000 total marijuana smokers in the US, and most are Negroes, Hispanics, Filipinos, and entertainers,” Anslinger reportedly said on one occasion. 'Their Satanic music, jazz, and swing, result from marijuana use. This marijuana causes white women to seek sexual relations with Negroes, entertainers, and any others.” 
Following World War II, after it was documented that marijuana did not promote outbursts of violent, aggressive behavior, Anslinger reversed field entirely. By 1948, he insisted that the same drug that turned men into paranoid, predatory criminals and white women into aggressive sluts would somehow turn young people into weak-willed pacifists unwilling and unable to obey the muster call to take up arms against the Communist Menace. 
Parents whose children participate in trick-or-treating should exercise discretion and supervise them carefully, but they shouldn't fall prey to officially-promoted urban myths. Practicing adults should know better than to be spooked by the ghost of Harry Anslinger. Share R O M C H O M P A 
nobody gives drugs away for free. cops are so dumb lol reversalmushroom 
The first one's free. That's how they get ya. Social

ARTICLE

Watch: Aerial Footage Catches Man Stopping at a Drive Thru — While Being Chased By Police Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / There Has To Be a Cheaper Way To Find The Worst People — 2016 Elections Will Cost Over $6 Billion There Has To Be a Cheaper Way To Find The Worst People — 2016 Elections Will Cost Over $6 Billion Claire Bernish October 30, 2016 2 Comments 
This presidential election cycle has been nothing, if not a controversy-laden shit show of the bizarre — and a monumentally pricey one, at that. It's now estimated the stupefying cost for the duopoly to provide us with two altogether unappealing candidates — possibly the least liked in American electoral history — as well as congressional minions, totals no less than $6.6 billion. 
And that's a conservative figure. 
Despite nearly a century of anti-marijuana propaganda inundating schools, ads, and politics, in fact, legalizing cannabis has greater approval from the public than either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. Yet, the two candidates, their respective political parties, outside groups, and individual donors will, all told, spend around 86.5 million inflation-adjusted dollars more than on the 2012 presidential election. 
There simply must be a cheaper way to find two people no one wants to vote for. 
Hell, Giant Meteor — the satirical no-party candidate whose slogan, 'Just end it already,” speaks volumes to weariness — has amassed a sizeable following in recent months, as the public apparently abandons all pretense of hope. 
To wit, 70 percent of voters likely to support Hillary Clinton, and a stunning 41 percent of all likely voters, would re-elect President Barack Obama if a third term were legal, Rasmussen reports. 
So, if the public harbors only negligible fondness for Clinton and Trump, who deems them worthy of such colossal sums? 
Unsurprisingly in both cases, it's the elite — the billionaires and millionaires directly, indirectly, and sometimes shadily channeling their fortunes in hopes their chosen nominee will conform policy favorable to their interests from the helm of the White House. 
OpenSecrets.org reports : 
'Candidates and news outlets have decried the outsized influence of a small number of donors throughout the election season. Here's a startling statistic: The top 100 families have given about 11.9 percent to the total $5.5 billion raised at this point, compared to 5.6 percent in all of 2012. Their names are familiar — Thomas and Kathryn Steyer have given $57.2 million to liberal causes, Sheldon and Miriam Adelson have doled out $47.3 million to GOP-allied forces, and Donald Sussman has so far provided $34.4 million to groups helping Democrats. Expect to see this list shift a bit: Facebook cofounder Dustin Moskovitz pledged an additional $35 million to defeat Donald Trump earlier this month.” 
Perhaps surprisingly to some, billionaire globalist and avid political influencer, George Soros, ranked only 9th in the list of top donors, contributing 'just' $17,689,038. 
And this election cycle hasn't been devoid of grassroots political donors, either, although their chosen 'voice of the people' candidate, Bernie Sanders, has since dropped out and endorsed Hillary Clinton — leaving a legacy of heartbroken, if not embittered, young voters scrambling for options — and an older, wiser generation hardly able to contain its I told you so's . 
OpenSecrets continues: 
'The Obama re-election campaign floored campaign finance experts with his knack for tapping into the small donor pool — an impressive 32 percent of the campaign's total funds came from people giving $200 or less in 2012. But Bernie Sanders topped that. More than half of his contributions, or 59 percent, came from small donors, totaling $134.6 million, which is about one and half times as much as Clinton and more than twice as much as Trump.” 
Clearly, the so-called 'little guy' has nary the clout enjoyed by the privileged, moneyed class — and though that might be widely understood — the reminder dark horse candidates rarely make it to the big race seems more pronounced than ever in recent years. 
As an Independent, Sanders' decision to run on the Democratic ticket against the all-powerful Clinton, as a Democratic Socialist, no less, seemed fated to fail from the start — after all, groundbreaking though his bid was, a populist David vowing to disassemble the corporate, banking Goliath could never reap the billionaire financing to endure. 
'In a campaign that has broken new ground in lots of ways, there's at least one thing we can depend on, and that's record-breaking spending on U.S. elections,” explained Sheila Krumholz, executive director of the Center for Responsive Politics. 'While this campaign saw the rise of the small donor and a fall in spending reported by groups that hide their donors, overall, important trends hold true: More money is still coming from a tiny set of elite donors. It's going to super PACs that are scarcely independent of the campaigns they support. And it's targeting competitive races where the vote will be closest and the opportunity to have an impact, greatest.” 
In effect, the elite doles out its fortunes on elite candidates who will best serve the elite's interests — but, nah, take it from Hillary: the Russians might rig the election. 
Money is proportionate to influence, it could justifiably be argued, and in an election cycle costing upwards of $7 billion, the overwhelming majority of us pull literally zero weight. 
Finagling the popular vote constitutes little more than a distraction for the political heavyweights, whose insider connections and corporate and industry backers effectively usurped what little import the average American voter maintained when the Supreme Court ruled in their favor with the notorious corporations are people Citizens United decision in 2010. 
Whatever vociferous contention Clinton and Trump might garner from an unusually alert populace this election season, don't be fooled — the elite ultimately pull the strings — the vote is merely an illusory construct of a severely limited choice between two candidates of their choosing. Not ours. 
All told, just remember the words of Mark Twain: 
'If voting made any difference they wouldn't let us do it.” Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Govt Corruption So Rampant, FBI Buys Billboards Asking Public to Rat Out Criminal State Agents Govt Corruption So Rampant, FBI Buys Billboards Asking Public to Rat Out Criminal State Agents Andrew Emett January 30, 2016 112 Comments 
Albany, NY – Instead of issuing Amber alerts for missing children or escaped fugitives, New York billboards are now asking government employees and ordinary civilians to report any state corruption directly to the FBI. Since 2012, at least 17 corrupt New York lawmakers have left office due to ethical or criminal issues. 
Earlier this month, billboards appeared along interstates throughout the capital city urging citizens to report corrupt politicians instead of drunk drivers. The FBI along with the New York Public Corruption Task Force and state Attorney General set up the billboards in an effort to delve deeper into the systemic subornation plaguing Albany. Prior to posting the anti-corruption billboards in New York, the FBI erected them last year in Connecticut and Kentucky. 
'The public plays an integral role in helping law enforcement root out corruption,” Andrew Vale, the FBI's special agent in charge at the Albany division, told the Associated Press . 'Which is why we try to make it easier to come forward and report suspected abuse.” 
But Assemblyman Daniel O'Donnell, a Manhattan Democrat who once headed the Assembly Ethics Committee, explained to the NY Daily News , 'It seems to me that if someone is aware of corruption in any form, they don't need a billboard to tell them. It's not like the people don't know what the FBI is and what they've been doing. But maybe I'm wrong.” 
In the last four years, at least 17 New York lawmakers have left office due to criminal or ethical issues. On December 11, 2015, former New York State Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos and his son, Adam Skelos, were convicted of fraud, extortion, and soliciting bribes. On November 30, 2015, former New York Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver was convicted of seven counts, including conspiracy, fraud, extortion, and accepting roughly $4 million in bribes and kickbacks. 
On November 24, 2015, former New York State Senator Tom Libous was sentenced to six months of house arrest for lying to an FBI agent. On September 14, 2015, former New York State Assemblyman William Scarborough was sentenced to prison for wire fraud and theft. On July 24, 2015, New York State Senator John Sampson was convicted of obstruction of justice and making false statements to federal agents. 
Last summer, former FBI agent and New York Congressman, Michael Grimm, was sentenced to eight months in prison after pleading guilty to tax fraud. In connection with his guilty plea, Grimm admitted to exploiting immigrant workers, underreporting wages, and repeatedly lying under oath. Grimm was also caught on video threatening to throw NY1-TV reporter Michael Scotto off the balcony of the U.S. Capitol building and break him in half. Assemblymen Micah Kellner, Dennis Gabryszak, and Vito Lopez either resigned or failed to seek re-election due to allegations of sexual harassment. Assemblymen William Boyland Jr. and Eric Stevenson along with State Senator Carl Kruger were convicted of multiple counts of bribery. 
At least 34 New York legislators have left office due to corruption or misconduct since 2000, including 17 corrupt state officials since 2012. As Assemblyman Daniel O'Donnell explained, 'Anybody who is a lawmaker who is unaware that the FBI is looking at us has other cognitive problems.” 
With a pervasive culture of corruption, New York now apparently requires billboards to remind government employees and civilians that the FBI desperately needs their help in catching the plethora of crooked politicians. Heaven forbid someone might take it upon themselves to tackle government abuse without the FBI's assistance. The last contracted government employee to try that was Ed Snowden. 
Andrew Emett is a Los Angeles-based reporter exposing political and corporate corruption. His interests include national security, corporate abuse, and holding government officials accountable. Andrew's work has appeared on Raw Story, Alternet, Activist Post, and many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @AndrewEmett and on Facebook at Andrew Emett . Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Mark Ruffalo Delivers Mobile Solar Trailers to Standing Rock Camps in Preparation for Harsh Winter Mark Ruffalo Delivers Mobile Solar Trailers to Standing Rock Camps in Preparation for Harsh Winter Jay Syrmopoulos October 30, 2016 2 Comments 
Cannon Ball, ND – In a show of kindness and solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux, actor Mark Ruffalo and Native Renewables founder Wahleah Johns presented Sioux tribal elders with mobile trailers equipped with solar collection arrays. The trailers provide a clean energy source for the protest encampment where over 500 Native American tribes have taken a stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline in the largest gathering of American Indians in modern history. 
'This pipeline is a black snake that traverses four states and 200 waterways with fracked Bakken oil,” said Ruffalo, co-founder of The Solutions Project, a venture that works to transition society to clean and renewable energy. 
'We know from experience that pipelines leak, explode, pollute and poison land and water. But it doesn't have to be that way.” 
The solar trailers will allow for medical tents and numerous other critical facilities to be powered with clean energy, and represent exactly the healthy/abundant future of energy for which the Standing Rock Sioux are currently fighting. 
'Water is life,” said Johns, a Navajo leader. 'By leading a transition to energy that is powered by the sun, the wind and water, we ensure a better future for all of our people and for future generations.” 
According to a report by EcoWatch : 
Johns' company, Native Renewables, promotes low-cost clean energy solutions for Native American families throughout the U.S., with an emphasis on job creation and on benefiting the community as a whole. The trailers were built by members of the Navajo nation and were financed by Empowered by Light and Give Power. 
Research led by Stanford Prof. Mark Jacobson, another Solutions Project co-founder, shows that it would be technically possible and economically beneficial to transition to 100 percent clean renewable energy in each and every state across the country. In North Dakota, for example, wind and solar energy would be the primary sources of clean power and transitioning to 100 percent renewables would create 30,000 jobs. 
The reality of the situation is that the Standing Rock tribe is fighting to protect their source of clean water. The Dakota Access Pipeline puts the tribe's clean water supply, as well as that of millions of others, in danger, as the pipeline is scheduled to go directly under the Missouri River. 
— Dan Zukowski (@danzukowski) October 25, 2016 
The construction of the 'black snake” marks the conglomeration of corporate/banking interests being elevated above that of the public interest. Furthermore, the ongoing construction has already desecrated sacred burial sites and cultural artifacts. 'Around the world, more than 80 percent of the forests and lands with protected waterways and rich biodiversity are held by indigenous tribes. This is no coincidence,” Ruffalo said. 'As so many of us suffer from polluted water, air and land in our rural and urban communities, the water defenders at Standing Rock are showing us another way.” 
Imagine how you would respond if an oil pipeline was being dug through the cemetery where your grandparents and great grandparents were buried. 
Mark Ruffalo taking a stand for the Standing Rock Sioux is a great example for all individuals, celebrity, and non-celebrity alike. Rather than simply donating some money to a cause, he has utilized his celebrity to bring much greater attention to the continued injustices being perpetrated against the Native American community. 
It's clear that Ruffalo has taken a page out of Ghandi's book, and is 'being the change he wishes to see in the world.” 
Please share this inspiring human story — and take a stand for Standing Rock! Share

ARTICLE

Home / Blue Privilege / Police Officer's Wife Caught Faking a Robbery In a Scheme To Frame Black Lives Matter Police Officer's Wife Caught Faking a Robbery In a Scheme To Frame Black Lives Matter The Free Thought Project October 30, 2016 1 Comment ( RT ) A Boston police officer's wife has been charged with faking a robbery which she attempted to frame the Black Lives Matter Movement for. 
Maria Daly reported a burglary at her home in Millbury on October 17 and claimed her jewelry and some money had been stolen. She told police her home had been graffitied with the letters, 'BLM.” 
'Something wasn't quite right,” Millbury Police Chief Donald Desorcy said . 'I think that was pretty obvious and as a result of that investigation, the officers did their due diligence and followed through with the investigation that we had.” This is white supremacist Maria Daly, the wife of Boston cop Daniel Daly.She staged a fake robbery of her home, and tried to blame #BLM pic.twitter.com/vrdqg1cM6r 
— Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) October 29, 2016 
CBS Boston reports Daly took to social media soon after the fabricated robbery, saying, 'We woke up to not only our house being robbed while we were sleeping, but to see this hatred for no reason.” 
'If you would of [sic] asked me yesterday about this blue lives and black lives matter issue my response would of [sic] been very possitive [sic],” the now private Facebook account continues. 'Today on the other hand I have so much anger and hate that I don't like myself. This is what we have to deal with these days and it makes me sick that this is what was on the side of my house.” 
Despite Daly's best efforts, the police were able to tell no robbery took place. @crystalhaynes The poor lady just needs some help.. 
— Mark Scanlon (@markscanlon50) October 28, 2016 
'Basically we came to the conclusion that it was all fabricated,” said Desorcy. 'There was no intruder, there was no burglary.” 
Police concluded Daly fabricated the robbery due to financial difficulty. Daly confessed and returned the items she claimed were missing, which amounted to $10,000 in jewelry. 
Desorcy told reporters, 'We weren't going to sweep this under the rug,” and that he felt sorry for the family. 
Daly's husband Dan is not suspected of being involved in his wife's crime. Share Google + The Cat's Vagina (Nasty Woman) 
So, is she going to be brought up on the same charges that any one of us would be for staging a crime and lying to police, or will she avail herself of Blue (Dick Holster) Privilege? Social

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Flex Your rights / Report Exposes Inner Workings of Facebook and How Clinton Loyalists Control Your Newsfeed Report Exposes Inner Workings of Facebook and How Clinton Loyalists Control Your Newsfeed Claire Bernish October 30, 2016 1 Comment 
Censorship by Facebook has become a thorn in the side of nearly anyone with an opinion differing from the narrative touted by the corporate press — for instance, sentiments not praising Hillary Clinton — and now, through both a new report from Reuters and emails published by Wikileaks, we have insight into why certain posts are targeted. 
Facebook relies on a combination of artificial intelligence and human judgment to remove posts deemed offensive, violent, or otherwise unacceptable to its community standards — but precisely how the ultimate call to take down posts, pages, and groups are made remains unknown. 
And Facebook takedowns, no matter the improvements to the process the social media behemoth claims to make, have been no less controversial or questionable — and those whose posts are censored have little if any recourse to argue their case. 
Recent examples of head-scratchers which led to an international uproar, include Facebook's removal of the iconic Vietnam War photograph of Phan Thị Kim Phúc — who, at just 9-years-old, was captured on film by an Associated Press photographer fleeing the aftermath of an errant napalm attack near a Buddhist pagoda in the village of Trang Bang. 
That photograph helped cement in the collective American mind the horrors of the war, and ultimately fueled the success of the anti-war effort — but Facebook arbitrarily pulled the image for nudity — and proceeded even to ban the page of the Conservative prime minister of Norway for also posting the image. 
Ultimately, the social media company reversed course in that case — but not before also taking down the equally iconic image of civil rights leader Rosa Park's arrest. 
But taking down of the image of Kim Phúc might not have been simply an error of AI, since it had been used as a specific example in training the teams responsible for content removal, two unnamed former Facebook employees told Reuters . 
'Trainers told content-monitoring staffers that the photo violated Facebook policy, despite its historical significance, because it depicted a naked child, in distress, photographed without her consent, the employees told Reuters.” 
In the final decision to reverse that censorship, Facebook head of the community operations division, Justin Osofsky, admitted it had been a 'mistake.” 
According to Reuters , to whom many current and former Facebook employees spoke on condition of anonymity, the process of judging which posts deserve to be remove and which should be allowed will, in certain instances, be left to the discretion of a small cadre of the company's elite executives. 
In addition to Osofsky, Global Policy Chief Monika Bickert; government relations chief, Joel Kaplan; vice president for public policy and communications, Elliot Schrage; and Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg make the final call on censorship and appeals. 
'All five studied at Harvard, and four of them have both undergraduate and graduate degrees from the elite institution. All but Sandberg hold law degrees. Three of the executives have longstanding personal ties to Sandberg,” the outlet notes. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg also occasionally offers guidance in difficult decisions. But there are others. 
Company spokeswoman Christine Chen explained, 'Facebook has a broad, diverse and global network involved in content policy and enforcement, with different managers and senior executives being pulled in depending on the region and the issue at hand.” 
For those on the receiving end of what could only be described as lopsided and inexplicable censorship, recourse is generally limited and can be nearly impossible to come by. Often, the nature of posts and pages removed insinuates political motivations on the part of the censors. 
Indeed, and once again flaring international controversy, Facebook disabled , among others, the accounts of editors of Quds and Shehab New Agency — prominent Palestinian media organizations — without explanation or even a specific example given for justification. 
Although three of four Palestinian-focused accounts were restored, Facebook refused to comment to either Reuters or the accounts' owners why the decision was reversed, except to say it had been an 'error.' 
In fact, although Chen and other Facebook insiders spoke with Reuters directly about contentious content removal policies and procedures, many details of the processes remain covert and sorely intransparent to the public who is so often forced to cope with the consequences. 
Earlier this year, an exposé by Gizmodo showing Facebook's suppression of conservative outlets via its 'Trending Topics” section appeared to evidence extreme bias in favor of liberal and corporate media mainstays. Alternative media, too, which provides reports counter to the mainstream political and foreign policy paradigm, has often been the subject of controversial take-downs, censorship, and suppressive tactics — either directly by Facebook, or through convoluted algorithms and artificial intelligence bots. 
However, considering Sheryl Sandberg and her loyalists populate the top-level group deciding the fate for content removal complaints, it would appear Wikileaks could provide answers for both post censorship and suppression of outlets not vowing complete fealty to the preferred, left-leaning narrative. 
In a June 4, 2015, email to Clinton campaign chair John Podesta — an enormous cache of whose emails are still being published on a daily basis by Wikileaks — penned by Sandberg in response to condolences on the death of her husband, states , in part, 
'And I still want HRC to win badly. I am still here to help as I can. She came over and was magical with my kids.” 
After a wave of post removals and temporary page bans, it appears Facebook has begun to come to its senses for what actually violates community standards — and what might have political worth contrary to the views of its executives. 
Senior members of Facebook's policy team recently posted about the laxing of rules governing community standards, which — though welcome — might only provide temporary relief. Quoted by the Wall Street Journal , they wrote : 
'In the weeks ahead, we're going to begin allowing more items that people find newsworthy, significant, or important to the public interest—even if they might otherwise violate our standards.” 
While the social media giant deems itself a technology, and not news, platform, Facebook is still the bouncing off point for issues of interest for an overwhelming percentage of its users. Although it perhaps has some responsibility in regard to the removal of certain content, putting censorship in the hands of only a few individuals in certain instances is a chilling reminder of the fragility — and grave importance — of free speech. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Flex Your rights / Residents Fed Up With 'Overbearing Presence' of Police — Entire Department Evicted Residents Fed Up With 'Overbearing Presence' of Police — Entire Department Evicted The Free Thought Project October 30, 2016 2 Comments 
An East Bay police department is now looking for a new office after being kicked out by their landlord. 
The Lafayette Police Department is being evicted from Desco Plaza because there are not enough parking spots for all of their police cruisers. According to city manager Steven Falk, the overbearing presence of cruisers is impacting tenants in the building, affecting their ability to park their own vehicles. 
In a council meeting earlier this week, Blomstrand referenced 'a growing force and too many police cars crammed into his property” as reasons for evicting the department. 
Each tenant gets ten parking spaces, but the department is using forty. 
Desco Plaza owner Curt Blomstrand has told the department that it must leave as soon as its lease ends at the end of the year. Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . Share screminmimi 
When they call for help tell them you don't want to jam up the parking spaces. FeshonALfliP 
Good. Go terrorize somebody else. Social

ARTICLE

Probably in the pockets of the corrupt? Guy 
It starts with you and me ! Paschn 
Checking their deposit history, making certain their Israeli accounts are getting their scheduled 30 pieces of silver on time. Think about it; If a father/mother treated their children the way Sewer Nation's government treats us, they'd be tried for abuse and jailed, the Judas Class in D.C. wins Nobel (payoffs) prizes. Tina Marie Deraco 
Bernie Sanders has been very vocal. What have you done to support his efforts? Paschn 
They're ALL very vocal, until the electronic ballet machines ensconce them in the whor, oops white house. You might ask dual citizen 'Bernie” why he gutted the 'Audit the Fed” bill, it sure as hell wasn't for his Christian/Muslim constituency. 
http://youtu.be/_Sqoq-lAGO8 Tina Marie Deraco 
I agree. Once a president takes the Oval Office, we witness them doing 180's on some of their most passionate and popular platform promises. It's so bizarre, I find it hard to believe it's always deliberate on their part. Frankly, it's scary to wonder what happens behind those closed doors. In Bernie's case, he's not taking any big money, so he'd go in without owing any favors to anyone but the American people. If the man who has been saying the same things for decades got in there and suddenly changed, I'd be concerned he'd been 'replaced”. As for Bernie, he is not a dual citizen. He's been asked and he answered. No one has produced any proof to the contrary; so your allegation is falling on deaf ears. Unless you have some means of proving this honest man is lying; I suggest you drop that argument. He's the ONLY candidate who stood up for the Palestinian people during a Democratic debate (it's being called 'historic”) and some Israeli officials reacted with nasty verbal assaults. I'm familiar with the ATF bill and Paul eventually appreciated what Bernie did. If you listen to the entire statement by Paul, you'll hear him explain the tremendous pressure being exerted against it's passing. What Bernie did was compromise to save it from dying completely. He injected an amendment that even the president went along with and it was voted on and passed. Paul calmed down and realized that Bernie gave them something out of nothing, Sanders wasn't dubbed the 'amendment king” for no reason. When Rand Paul presented another ATF bill just a few months ago, Bernie voted with him, against the Democrats and the president's wishes. Unfortunately it did not pass. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/05/10/ron-paul-backs-fed-audit_n_570487.html Paschn 
Bernie Sanders is, by virtue of his Jewish heritage, a dual citizen. The 'right of Return” automatically extended to all Jews allows him to move about between the U.S. and Israel. As for 'compromise”? Being one who will never accept the 2 party system when it comes to what is or is not good for ALL citizens, perhaps I judge his 'compromise” too harshly. Even as a teenager I wasn't able to grasp this idiocy of voting along the 'party” lines. It's either good or not. A person' voting should have nothing to do with a party affiliation. It cripples the democratic process and benefits those holding title to 'our” statesmen. Consider this, what type of honorable legislative branch would argue amongst themselves ending with the private FED RES being, yet again, shielded from transparency? Those foul dogs should be rising up as ONE demanding the FED RES charter be instantly rescinded and they, along with their PRIVATE collection agency, the IRS should be bodily thrown out of our nation right behind the Central Bank owned U.N. It wasn't a 'lucky break” which allowed Jackson to be the first and only president to pay the Nat'l debt to zero, it was because he rid us of those stinking Rothschild parasites. How things have changed, no? While we naively think it's only oil/gas/markets that keep 800 military bases in +/- 130 nations to make things 'cozy” for the corporations but no, the Judas Class's primary reason, (which they've accomplished for their masters), is forcing the goddamn City of London Central Banks down the throats of smaller, weaker nations. There are literally only around five nations who are not being sucked dry by those swine. I apologize for the rant but those Central Bank blood-suckers get my ire up… quickly. Keysbum 
quit the pussyfooting around… these criminals control the creation and destruction of money. that means they own, and control the world. Robby Johnson Fox 
Which, in turn, means we – the average people of this world – are slaves to them that make and destroy money. Paschn 
Even more frightening than a government so corrupted this succubus continues 'whoring -as-usual”, knowing full well 'the synagogue” has no intention of letting a simple thing like treason allow this year's favorite member of the Judas Class answer for her crimes, there are literally millions of dead-from-the-neck-up members of this 'mutt” culture supporting that demoness Sewer Nation – Idiot Culture. 
She's owned by global Jewry. peter 
You know, Judas has been taking an undeserved rap over these past couple of millenia. According to the church, God offered up Jesus for martyrdom and Judas was a key part of that plan. Jesus even asked God if there was no other way and God said 'Nope, this is the way it's gotta be. 
Judas was just doing what he was supposed to do. Peaver Bogart 
It would be very funny if nobody showed up. Janet Jenkins 
Clinton's accomplishments: 1 – James McDougal – Clinton's convicted Whitewater partner died of an apparent heart attack, while in solitary confinement. He was a key witness in Ken Starr's investigation. 2 – Mary Mahoney – A former WH intern was murdered July 1997 at a Starbucks Coffee Shop in Georgetown. The murder happened just after she was to go public with her story of sexual harassment in the WH. 3 – Vince Foster – Former WH councilor, and colleague of Hillary at Little Rock's Rose Law firm. Died of a gunshot wound to the head, ruled a suicide. He was going to testify against the Clintons. 4 – Ron Brown – Secretary of Commerce and former DNC Chairman who had a serious disagreement with Clinton. Reported to have died by impact in a plane crash. A pathologist close to the investigation reported that there was a hole in the top of Brown's skull resembling a gunshot wound. At the time of his death Brown was being investigated, and spoke publicly of his willingness to cut a deal with prosecutors. 5 – C. Victor Raiser II and Montgomery Raiser – Major players in the Clinton fund raising organization died in a private plane crash in July 1992. 6 – Paul Tulley – DNC Political Director found dead in a hotel room in Little Rock, September 1992 after a serious disagreement with Clinton. Described by Clinton as a 'Dear friend and trusted advisor.” 7- Ed Willey – Clinton fund raiser, found dead November 1993 deep in the woods in VA of a gunshot wound to the head. Ruled a suicide. Ed Willey died on the same day after his wife Kathleen Willey claimed Bill Clinton groped her in the oval office in the White House. Ed Willey was involved in several Clinton fund raising events. 8 – Jerry Parks – Head of Clinton's gubernatorial security team in Little Rock. Gunned down in his car at a deserted intersection outside Little Rock. Park's son said his father was building a dossier on Clinton. He allegedly threatened to reveal this information. After he died the files were mysteriously removed from his house. 9 – James Bunch – Died from a gunshot suicide. It was reported that he had a 'Black Book” of people which contained names of influential people who visited prostitutes in Tx & Ark. Although the book was seen by several persons, it disappeared. 10 – James Wilson – Was found dead in May 1993 from an apparent hanging suicide. He had ties to Whitewater. 11- Kathy Ferguson – Ex-wife of Ark Trooper Danny Ferguson, was found dead in May 1994, in her living room with a gunshot to her head. It was ruled a suicide even though there were several packed suitcases, as if she were going somewhere. Danny Ferguson was a co-defendant along with Bill Clinton in the Paula Jones lawsuit. Kathy Ferguson was a corroborating witness for Paula Jones. 12 – Bill Shelton – Ark State Trooper & fiancee of Kathy Ferguson. Critical of the suicide ruling of his fiancee, he was found dead in June, 1994 of a gunshot wound also ruled a suicide at the grave site of his fiancee. There were no powder burns. 13 – Gandy Baugh – Attorney for Clinton's friend Dan Lassater, died by jumping out a window of a tall building January, 1994. His client was a convicted drug distributor. 14 – Florence Martin – Accountant & sub-contractor for the CIA, was related to the Barry Seal Mena Airport drug smuggling case. He died of three gunshot wounds. 15 – Suzanne Coleman – Reportedly had an affair with Clinton when he was Ark AG. Died of a gunshot wound to the back of the head, ruled a suicide. Was pregnant at the time of her death. 16 – Paula Grober – Clinton's speech interpreter for the deaf from 1978 until her death December 9, 1992. She died in a one car accident. She told a friend that Clinton made advances. 17 – Danny Casolaro – Investigative reporter. Investigating Mena Airport and Ark Development Finance Authority. He slit his wrists, apparently, in the middle of his investigation. Before his death, he claimed to have found a shattering story involving Clinton. 18 – Paul Wilcher – Attorney investigating corruption at Mena Airport with Casolaro and the 1980 'October Surprise” was found dead on a toilet June 22, 1993 in his Wash DC apartment. Had delivered a shocking report to Janet Reno three weeks before his death. 19 – Jon Parnell Walker – Whitewater investigator for Resolution Trust Corp. Jumped to his death from his Arlington, Va apartment balcony August 15, 1993. He was investigating the Morgan Guarantee scandal. 20 – Barbara Wise – Commerce Department staffer. Worked closely with Ron Brown and John Huang. Cause of death unknown. Died November 29, 1996. Her bruised, nude body was found locked in her office at the Dept of Commerce. 21- Charles Meissner – Asst Secretary of Commerce who gave John Huang special security clearance, died shortly thereafter in a small plane crash. The plane had been tampered with. 22 – Dr. Stanley Heard – Chairman of the National Chiropractic Health Care Advisory Committee, died with his attorney Steve Dickson in a small plane crash. Again, tampering with the plane. Dr. Heard, in addition to serving on Clinton's advisory council personally treated Clinton's mother, stepfather and brother. 23 – Barry Seal – Drug running pilot out of Mena Arkansas, death was no accident. 24 – Johnny Lawhorn Jr. – Mechanic, found a check made out to Bill Clinton in the trunk of a car left at his repair shop. He was found dead after his car had hit a utility pole. Apparently he was dead before the car hit the pole. 25 – Stanley Huggins – Investigated Madison Guarantee. His death was a purported suicide and his report was never released. 26 – Hershell Friday – Attorney & Clinton fund raiser died March 1, 1994 when his plane exploded. This happen two days after an argument with Clinton. 27 – Kevin Ives & Don Henry – Known as 'The boys on the track” case. Reports say the boys may have stumbled upon the Mena Ark airport drug operation. A controversial case, the initial report of death said, due to falling asleep on railroad tracks. Later reports claim the two boys had been slain before being placed on the tracks. Many linked to the case died before their testimony could come before a Grand Jury. 
The following persons had infoon the Ives/Henry Case: 28 – Keith Coney – Died when his motorcycle apparently slammed into the back of a truck, July 1988. No one saw the accident & the bike was not damaged. 29 – Keith McMaskle – Died stabbed 113 times, Nov, 1988 30 – Gregory Collins – Died from a gunshot wound January 1989. 31 – Jeff Rhodes – He was shot, mutilated and found burned in a trash dump in April 1989. 33 – James Milan – Found decapitated. However, the Coroner ruled his death was due to 'natural causes.” 34 – Jordan Kettleson – Was found shot to death in the front seat of his pickup truck in June 1990. 35 – Richard Winters – A suspect in the Ives / Henry deaths. He was killed in a set-up robbery July 1989. 
The following Clinton body guards are dead: 36 – Major William S. Barkley Jr. 37 – Captain Scott J. Reynolds 38 – Sgt. Brian Hanley 40 – Major General William Robertson 41 – Col. William Densberger

ARTICLE

Home / Foreign Affairs / 5 Shocking Facts About You That Anyone Can Find Online 5 Shocking Facts About You That Anyone Can Find Online The Free Thought Project October 29, 2016 Comments Off on 5 Shocking Facts About You That Anyone Can Find Online – sponsored content by 
If you're an American citizen, then the government has a personal file on you. Think of it like your permanent record from your grade school days. These records contain highly sensitive personal information about you such as where you live, your contact info, your relatives and associates, arrest records, and even speeding tickets. But what many people don't know, is that this information is all considered 'public record,”—and anyone can access it. 
Now, a controversial new site is taking things a step further by gathering these records together and posting them online, so anyone with a computer and Internet access can see them. 
You're probably wondering what exactly is in your public file that other people can access. Brace yourself because this information goes A LOT deeper than you'd think. 
Here are 5 shocking personal details about you that are online right now that anyone can access through just a quick online background check . 1) Personal Information 
One of the reasons these online background check sites are so popular, is because they can uncover a shocking amount of personal information on just about anyone. Here are just some examples of what might come up. Your full name A complete history of where you've lived, including past and current addresses ( it even has pictures of your house!! and detailed info about your neighborhood) An estimate of your home's value Your birthdate Your astrological sign Your relatives and associates Your close friends (this can also include current and former boyfriends and girlfriends, anyone who you've had close ties to can appear on this list) 
But that's not all. This site could even pull up contact info like your phone number. If someone were trying to hide from you, it'd be impossible once you looked them up on this site. It's actually a little scary to think about how much of your personal data is out there on the Internet for almost anyone to find. 
Click here to see how exposed you are. 2) Online Activity And Accounts 
Believe it or not, personal information is just one section of a report—there's a lot more that comes after it. This site scours the deep web to uncover details about your online activity. It can find profiles you've made on social media platforms, pull up accounts you've created on dating sites, and more. Your usernames, photos and videos of you, and more could all be uncovered in just seconds. 
In addition to your online activity, this website could reveal things on the Internet you don't even remember posting – like those embarrassing photos from high school you forgot about. Has someone tagged you in a photo or posted a video of you somewhere without letting you know? Don't you want to see what's out there about you? I know I would. 
Protect your online reputation today , and see what's on the Internet about you! 3) Driving Tickets 
Ever been issued a speeding ticket? Or maybe you were caught running a red light? Hardly anyone has a squeaky clean driving record. (I know I've definitely been busted for doing a California stop a few times.) Well, those traffic tickets you've racked up over the years could be part of your permanent, public file. Anyone who runs an online background check on you might be able to find them! 
Are your traffic tickets posted online? Click here to find out. 4) Criminal Records 
If you've ever been arrested, charged, or convicted of a crime, those records are all part of your public file, too. Even if it was just a minor offense, like jaywalking or violating an open container law it could show up if someone looked you up. Any sort of criminal history you might have, from a DUI, to misdemeanors, to felonies could be in your background report for ANYONE to see. 
Would you pass a background check? Find out here . 5) Professional Licenses 
Certain types of professional licenses issued to you by the government are a matter of public record. Specifically, FAA and DEA licenses can also be included in a background report. 
Just imagine how much of your personal information could be posted online for other people to see. Knowing what's in your online background report is crucial to protecting yourself, your family, and your reputation in this day and age. 
You need to know what your background check will reveal. You'll never know until you do a search. 
Don't ignore your online reputation any longer. I urge you to take the next 5 minutes and do a search on yourself to find out once and for all what your report says about you. 
Do a search now to find out what public records will reveal about you. Other people may have already looked you up. Don't you want to know what they found? Find out today! 
To start your search, click here . Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / The State / Sheriff Says Cannabis Makes People Murderers Because 'Rational Thought” Leads to Violence Sheriff Says Cannabis Makes People Murderers Because 'Rational Thought” Leads to Violence Claire Bernish May 10, 2016 35 Comments 
It isn't gang violence. It isn't even domestic violence. What is the leading cause of murder in Carson City? According to Sheriff Ken Furlong, it's marijuana. 
'It's against that law,” Furlong told local ABC affiliate, KOLO 8. 'It does change people's attitude and we do see people dying as a result of it, needlessly, and there's no excuse for it. 
'In the last 13-15 years, all of the violence we've seen that has turned deadly, have [sic] been in someway related to a marijuana issue.” 
Before you get too excited, thinking Furlong nailed it — the fact cannabis remains a federal Schedule 1 drug and thus technically illegal in the ongoing yet utterly failed war on drugs — that isn't all he had to say on the matter. 
KOLO 8 noted the 2016 deaths of 18-year-old Grant Watkins and 40-year-old Dennis Watkins, Jr. — both killed during transactions involving the sale of cannabis. 
'During a transaction, they set it up, 'I'm going to sell this to you,' then all of a sudden someone gets shot and killed,” Furlong continued. 'It's not because they were under the influence; it's because they were doing something deadly and it turned out that way.” 
As Furlong explained, the threat to life isn't due to the drug's effects on the system, per se , but the 'culture and crimes' surrounding it 'that can be overwhelming,' as KOLO 8 paraphrased. 
'It's a very cherished culture and people have very strong beliefs,” the Sheriff elaborated. 'When you violate someone's beliefs, you put them in a position where they can act out.” 
But Furlong's complete lack of understanding of all things cannabis — including both medicinal and recreational aspects — didn't stop there. According to the Sheriff, the community faces repercussions following a law enforcement drug bust — because addicts suddenly have no way to procure their … cannabis. 
'We're watching very closely, not only for a spike in crime, but for people who are in critical need of medical care because of that lack of treatment, based on withdrawal from the drug,” he asserted. 
Yes, you read that right. Carson City's Sheriff-in-charge firmly believes depriving people of cannabis — a plant scientifically and anecdotally proven to save lives — will lead to a crime wave and health crisis of no small proportions. 
But what he explained next, as paraphrased by KOLO 8, harkens back to the earliest days of cannabis prohibition and the propagandist classic, Reefer Madness: 
'Sheriff Furlong says unlike other drugs like heroin or methamphetamines that can distort your mind, people using marijuana usually have rational trains of thought which give them the ability to act out and become violent when someone takes away or violates their drug.' 
At this point, if you're having a good laugh, stunned, or shaking your head, you most certainly are not alone. 
Obviously, Sheriff Furlong grasps the potential perils in black market trade — but he wholly fails to recognize removing cannabis' illegality would thus remove the risk of violence. When the State is removed from consensual business transactions, individuals are free to conduct trade as they see fit — if cannabis were abundant and legal, it would be highly unlikely people would continue killing each other over soured deals. 
But Furlong's stupefying lack of knowledge concerning the effects cannabis has on the body, though certainly laughable, also should concern the residents he's tasked with overseeing. 
Mischaracterizing cannabis so broadly as to believe it will warp people's minds to a heightened frenzy where they're likely to commit violence is downright dangerous. 
For one thing, this inexcusable misperception could color the training Sheriff Furlong decides to give law enforcement trainees and officers. Considering the absolutely epidemic national spate of violence inflicted by trigger-happy cops who already seem to have an irrational fear of the public, training them to further view cannabis users as likely to act out physically is nothing short of dangerous. 
If sheriff's deputies conduct a raid on a residence known for cannabis transactions with the preconception the people inside could turn violent instantly, it's arguable they would be more likely to misinterpret anything they encounter. This unnecessarily heightened fear that their life could be in peril from a cannabis-crazed maniac would have obvious influence on their decisions for whether or not to employ deadly force. 
Sadly, Sheriff Furlong likely isn't alone among law enforcement in the United States. As long as the drug war remains firmly entrenched in policy and culture, dangerous misunderstandings and lack of knowledge will arguably be the greater source of violence than would the substances be were they not illegal. 
In the meantime, while forced to pick apart drug laws state by state, perhaps drug and cannabis education — not fear- and prohibition-based propaganda, but serious education — should be mandatory in law enforcement training. Share Google + Lannim 
All he did, without knowing it, was admit that the real criminals are the ones who enforce prohibition and create this culture of violence. When you suppress a legitimate market it will be replaced by a black market that is regulated by force instead of voluntary interaction. Violence begets violence, and it doesn't get any more violent than the state. ACAB Matt Agorist 
EXACTLY! James Michael 
Considering the government never created a constitutional amendment allowing prohibition the entire drug war is treason and felonius…. EVERY killing a murder…. EVERY raid a felony home invasion…. EVERY jailing a false imprisonment…. EVERY fine extortion…… The cops and the courts are a criminal enterprise…. AKA RICO….. and meet the definition of it perfectly…. Lannim 
Exactly. I would say that the drug war would be just as illegitimate and criminal with an amendment, but being able to argue that it's ALSO unconstitutional helps, considering most Americans think their rights are contingent upon what's written on sacred documents. b4integrity 
The federal government is a continuing, criminal, domestic, terrorist enterprise. 
We need a DEA eradication program. Paschn 
Goddamn it does my old heart good to see folks lay things out as you did! Couple that with SCOTUS' treason with corporate citizenship, Patriot act, Habeas corpus gone, Posse Comitatus, gone granting civil immunity to big pharma, setting up a federal committee to 'review” claims made by citizens harmed by 'safe” vaccines, then paying off those claims WITH TAX PAYER MONEY to protect the bottom line of the elites…. Murdering Ranchers for pointing out the FED's treason.. Let us not forget the 2 sets of books most governments run (CAFR). Let me know when you folks have had enough SEWER NATION – IDIOT CULTURE. Centrist Force 
This is easy to solve. end the criminal part of this. There is no need for marijuana to be illegal. You want to end drug deals and guns get the cops out of the equation and nobody needs to play this mob games. Gregory Pius 
We did that in Oregon and Washington. Tax revenues are bursting the state coffers, and the police now have to find honest work (or at least overzealously enforce something else). Everybody wins. Sadly, almost all LEOs I've ever heard to talked to have a deeply-held conviction that legalization of cannabis will result in the loss of their job. A … kaynash 
We have far too many ignorant people in positions of power…..of course our press doesn't help either, they are just as ignorant, so no one is getting educated from that source any longer. But really, a Sheriff? If you are going to criminalize people, you should have a much better understanding of what you are saying. Because thinking people in law enforcement are more than aware that it's criminalizing drugs that is the problem….and this guy actually comes close to realizing that and then draws the totally wrong conclusions from it. dufas_duck 
'When you violate someone's beliefs, you put them in a position where they can act out.” 
Sounds like he described the average policeman…….. Gregory Pius

ARTICLE

Please learn something about steroids before making such comments. You're merely repeating unproven assertions. anarchyst 
…look at the medical literature…changes in behavior ARE attributed to steroid use. You must be a cop… S J 
That's so stupid. They get tested and random tested all the time. Steroids now?? troll hunter 
What State do you live in were cops get random drug tested ? I've never heard of one in the United States that does that even after an officer involved shooting. They have to have probable cause to test the officer or their union will shut it down immediately Peter Jameson 
Cops, accountable only to each other and guided by policy established by political appointees. The guy is right! Storm Troopers they are but from a more current time. And the good men do nothing. Mark 'SEADOG” Warren 
I am not PC – Now that I got that out of the way – All of those so call police need to be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Everything they own needs to be transferred to this individual and they should live in the deepest hole of no return. Tase them 10,000 times see if they survive. Donald B Pearce 
He should never been given a Badge,,,Screw him,,Go after the Chief!!!! He knows what kind of a cop he is Paschn 
Exactly! Thank you. Rather than focusing on the anal pimple's called cops, go after the huge festering BOILS (dual citizens?), put in 'appointed” positions of power within the body politic who seek out this filth nurture it and PROTECT it. Rev. Walking Turtle 
Hear hear! Let's start with the traitors in Congress and work our way outward and downward from there, shall we? VERY good (though doubtless dangerous) idea! 
Dangerous as in: Witness the treatment of LaVoy Finnicum and friends at the hands and arms of Federalized though privately-owned and decidedly hostile foreign-agency hands – and all the standard-issue lies+video-fakery that followed that criminally arranged and executed ambush/murder like stink on poop. 
Nonetheless imvho it IS the Right Idea. In furtherance of which, kindly note: You and your friends 'n' neighbors here in Lawful America simply MUST Lawfully arrest, try, convict 'n' sentence 'em Lawful as can be, first. Then YT'll gladly quick-drop hang 'em ar a truly bargain rate per capita. 
Save a ton on hard-to-buy pentobarbitol AND (unlike what the perps have always done), NEVER spill ANY blood. All over within five minutes from cell-entry to trap-drop when Done Right! Full and gentle dignity throughout the proceediure (struggling condemned ones CAN and MUST be NON-violenty subdued, thank you!) or double your Hangman's Fee cheerfully refunded! 
Then: Let's just see, in the century that follows, whether a LAWFULLY IMPOSED and TRULY DESERVED Humane Death Penalty has any deterrent effect on the Infandous 'L33t, shall we? Mere Social Science Done Right! And that is all. 0{:-|o[ Jamie Hall 
America definitely is ripe for a second Revolutionary War. And the 'enemies” may be very much 'domestic”. But the enemy is not the people. It's the Government, which is as hell-bent on tyrrany as any Monarch deserving of defeat at the hands of the citizenry. Paschn 
Good point imo. But we still have a treasonous military led by walking feces of dual citizen Wesley Clark's ilk, (WACO 'fame”, and his wish to put all those who disagree with his fellow tribals running this government in to concentration camps), and LEO's who actually enjoy killing their fellows for great pay, idiot culture's admiration a pat on the ass from the boss and benefits we'll never see again. If the 'rabid dog” cannot be put down by secession and it boils into a REAL civil war then when, (after their toadies have killed millions of us), we gain the upper hand, we must chase all those who brought this global horror about to the ends of the earth if necessary as well as the elitist families who have been screwing/slaughtering us for literally generations and completely remove them to the 5th generation from the gene pool. In this way we can insure justice, honor/ decency for at least as many generations. CTOH 
I HATE it when someone doesn't say WHERE in the film it is. I don't want to watch 20 minutes of it. 
just play it in fast motion Prince 
He should've called him a Jack-Booted Gestapo Donut Nazi! max tague 
Fat pigs give LEO's a bad name morsextenebris 
WOW, he was really endangering himself & the [email protected] by skateboarding in the wrong direction…WTF is going through these guys heads, real tough guys eh? Richard Winchester 
This has been brewing since 1980… It's now out of hand and needs to be dealt with by the government or the people. Quite frankly I prefer the people take direct action. 
this has been brewing since the formation of police posses as slave catchers S J 
Ok, he was fighting with the police from the beginning and spit on them. That's an assault James Michael 
Actually asshole, the sworn servant had no cause of action, he was aggravated assaulting and battering and kidnapped the guy not to mention his treason of the 4th and 5th amendments. Try again ignoramus. S J 
Clearly you're the ignoramus and apparently has anger issues. James Michael 
I just explained the facts to you and that is all you can say? Go lick your masters crack and get all the turds off slave…. Anger issues? You are damned right I have anger issues when I see ignorant retards like you bowing to felon ass treasonous thugs on the land of the free…MORON. You are helping to piss away what I served 2 decades to protect…Pound sand retard…. JdL 
That cop deserved to be shot on the spot by some patriotic citizen who is fed up with this nation's descent into a police-state hellhole. Greg Geitner 
because the various departments who are responsible for these[ expletive of your choice] refuse to make a concerted effort to correct these crimes, it is up to citizens with a conscience and a backbone to stop this madness BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY. Ibcamn 
no fitness program in this department either,are all cops just fat nasty donut eaters now days,kinda like the southern cops when i was growing up….fat loud mouths assholes that hide behind their badges.cops are just criminals,why did it take a dozen cops to arrest a skateboarder skating the wrong way on a street…really.what a bunch of losers. Centrist Force 
thugs. unprofessional thugs. they disgrace the uniform and the badge. its been reduced to a badge of state of criminals. Arishia 
'Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.” Abe Lincoln These cops have more power than they can handle, given the characters they demonstrate. Patty Parfait 
Wow, tough guy has to kick a citizen, he's so fat he had to go after kid on skateboard than he brags to other thugs how citizen threw something and flipped him off so he had to go after him. Then what, he arrested him for resisting, what did he do that he had to 'get him” According to supreme court flipping cops off is NOT illegal. Jamie Hall 
Could it be that, subconsiously or otherwise, what this cop really took offense to was the thought that the fascist pig regime posing as law enforcement could suffer the same fate as the Empire? If not, he's about to experience such a downfall firsthand. okiejoe100 
Sometimes the 'worm” turns. Also known as karma. anarchyst 
'And how we burned in the camps later, thinking: What would things have been like if every Security operative, when he went out at night to make an arrest, had been uncertain whether he would return alive and had to say goodbye to his family? Or if, during periods of mass arrests, as for example in Leningrad, when they arrested a quarter of the entire city, people had not simply sat there in their lairs, paling in terror at every bang of the downstairs door and at every step on the staircase, but had understood they had nothing left to lose and had boldly set up in the downstairs hall an ambush of half a dozen people with axes, hammers, pokers, or whatever else was at hand. The Organs would very quickly have suffered a shortage of officers and transport and, notwithstanding all of Stalin's thirst; the cursed machine would have ground to a halt . . .” – Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago Social

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / FBI Insider Reveals Agent Revolt Inside the Bureau Made Comey Reopen Clinton Investigation to 'Save Face' FBI Insider Reveals Agent Revolt Inside the Bureau Made Comey Reopen Clinton Investigation to 'Save Face' Jack Burns October 31, 2016 Leave a comment 
Just after the FBI opened a criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's email scandal, the Free Thought Project spoke with a high-level FBI agent (retired). He said if Clinton wasn't eventually indicted, it was almost certain there would be a data dump ( click for related story ) from within the FBI, from agents who were upset with James Comey's decision not to recommend Clinton be indicted for mishandling classified information. When Comey, in July, didn't recommend to Attorney General Loretta Lynch that Clinton be indicted, a data dump of sorts did take place when the Democratic National Committee's server was hacked. 
Could it be that the DNC hack was done from within the federal government? After its server's emails were hacked for the whole world to see, the DNC was exposed for working with mainstream media members to rig the primaries for Clinton against Bernie Sanders, and a concerted effort was made to paint him in a negative light (something that led to the resignation of DNC head Debbie Wasserman Schultz). But the Democrats responded by declaring the intrusion was the work of Russian hackers — an allegation the Russians deny. 
But now, it seems, the effects of not recommending Clinton for indictment are far worse than predicted. On Friday, James Comey conveyed to members of Congress that the once closed investigation of Clinton's private email server is now open again, just days before Clinton or Donald Trump will be elected as the next U.S. president. The announcement was made after more Clinton emails turned up in an investigation into Anthony Weiner's sexting of a 15-year-old girl from NC . Weiner is Huma Abedin's estranged husband and Abedin is Clinton's closest confidant. 
But according to The Daily Mail, there exists an even greater problem Comey is facing which prompted him to reopen the case; the wholesale resignation of disgruntled FBI agents. One source close to Comey says it's his last ditch attempt to save face for himself and the reputation of the FBI. 
According to the Daily Mail , and a source close to James Comey, the decision, at least in part, came after he 'could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI” who 'felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.” 
Ed Klein, journalist for the Mail, described Comey as being depressed over the mounting stack of resignation letters he's received as a result of his decision not to recommend charges be brought against Clinton. Klein quoted a close friend of Comey's as saying, ''The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week.” 
Klein's source continued, ''Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.'” 
The DM journalist continued quoting his informant as saying, ''When new emails that appeared to be related to Hillary's personal email server turned up in a computer used [her close aide] Huma Abedin and [Abedin's disgraced husband,] Anthony Weiner, Comey jumped at the excuse to reopen the investigation.'” 
But Comey's problems aren't isolated to his workplace. He reportedly has problems at home as well. Klein's source continued, ''The people he trusts the most have been the angriest at him…that includes his wife, Pat. She kept urging him to admit that he had been wrong when he refused to press charges against the former secretary of state.'” 
Comey's friend told Klein he's being shunned by many within the FBI and that President Obama and Lynch are 'furious” with him for reopening the case against Clinton. According to the DM's source, ''Lynch and Obama haven't contacted Jim directly…they've made it crystal clear through third parties that they disapprove of his effort to save face.'” 
But the reopened investigation may be too little too late. The damage to the FBI's investigation appears to be done, and no amount of scrambling to save face is likely to fix it. In the mind of many Americans, when former president Bill Clinton met AG Lynch on the tarmac in Phoenix, Arizona, the fix was in for Hillary. Comey proved to be a pawn and has passed himself off as an impotent benefactor of the Clintons. Share Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Flex Your rights / Google Search Results for 'Pathological Lying' Return Clinton Photo in Epic Act of Trolling Google Search Results for 'Pathological Lying' Return Clinton Photo in Epic Act of Trolling Claire Bernish October 31, 2016 Leave a comment 
Despite a full month of revelations from Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta's emails published on a near daily basis by Wikileaks that, in a non-dystopian year, would utterly ruin an average candidate's bid for the presidency, the corporate press has laughingly maintained its fealty to the former secretary of state. 
So, assumedly fed up with the farce, someone — or, rather, a group of someones — took matters into their own hands Sunday night to flatly prove the point by linking a Google search for the term 'pathological lying” directly to an image of Ms. White House Hopeful and two-time FBI investigation subject, Hillary Clinton. 
In the 'featured snippet block,” as Google terms it, Clinton's image appeared next to the preview for and link to the Wikipedia entry for 'Pathological lying,” along with the cursory definition, stating: 
'It is a stand-alone disorder as well as a symptom of other disorders such as psychopathy and antisocial, narcissistic, and histrionic personality disorders, but people who are pathological liars may not possess characteristics of the other disorders. Excessive lying is a symptom of several mental disorders.” 
Clinton's mendaciousness has proven itself time and again, whether during testimony concerning her use of a personal server for business during and after her tenure as secretary of state, to claiming she had no memory of sardonically joking about assassinating Wikileaks founder Julian Assange with a drone hit. 
But beginning on October 28, as can be seen in the Wikipedia edit history , someone decided they'd had enough with the corporate presstitutes' continued excuses made for the benefit of Clinton's continued campaign, and changed the pathological lying entry to reflect as much. 
'Added the only person who has a proven track record for being a Pathlogical [sic] liar. References can be easily looked up on wikileaks, most media sites, and thru congressional hearings,” the bold editor noted of their new addition. 
It would seem someone alert enough caught the edit and reverted the entry — but then another editor decided to try again the following day. 
'I added a picture of a Pathological Liar,” the second editor noted. 
At one point, as the Huffington Post reported , someone deleted the entire page introduction and replaced it with, simply, 'Hillary Clinton.” 
None of these edits went over too well with the Wikipedia moderators, and despite repeated attempts by the pranksters turned truth-tellers, the entry was eventually locked from any further edits until November 3rd due to 'vandalism.” 
As the Washington Times noted , these rogue editors assumed public familiarity with Clinton's less-than-honest record — none cited specific examples of actual lies. 
Had they done so, there would have been a plethora from which to choose — perhaps most notoriously the subject of a reopened investigation by the FBI. 
Clinton, in fact, lied under oath in Congressional testimony concerning her private server when she claimed 'there was nothing marked classified” in emails, either 'sent or received.” 
Not only were classified documents both sent and received over the unsecured server, but a handful were determined later to be 'secret.” 
While examples of Clinton's lies, corruption, and collusion could easily fill entire volumes of work, nonetheless, she continues to be shown in a favorable light by the very corporate media outlets found to have worked in concert with her campaign behind the scenes. 
Although Wikipedia's Pathological Lying entry can't be touched for at least a few more days, the epic prank certainly made the point — Hillary Clinton might indeed be a pathological liar. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Cop Fired After Reporting Supervisor's Practice of Rating Female Drivers on 'Rapability' Scale Cop Fired After Reporting Supervisor's Practice of Rating Female Drivers on 'Rapability' Scale John Vibes October 31, 2016 Leave a comment 
New Boston, N.H. – After she was fired for exposing the predatory behavior of one of her superior officers, a female cop has gone public with her case and filed a lawsuit against her former employer. According to the former officer, Alexandra Drake, her supervisor, Michael Masella, a lieutenant with the New Boston Police Department, was sexually threatening multiple female officers and would brag about he preyed on women at traffic stops. 
Drake blew the whistle about her superior's behavior and filed a report along with another employee who witnessed his behavior. However, instead of looking into the allegations, the department fired Drake and accused her of lying. 
According to a recent lawsuit , Drake noticed Masella's disturbing behavior while she was training under him at the New Boston Police department. The department alleges that she was fired for incorrectly filling out a police report, but she says she filed the report exactly as she was ordered to, by her superior, Masella. 
According to the lawsuit, ' After completing the stop, he told Drake that he wanted to just take them out and 'rape' them rather than issue a citation. Masella would routinely make comments about female drivers whom he thought found him attractive or good looking. He has apparently developed a 'rapability' scale about female drivers and would test Drake whether a particular driver was 'rapable.' ” 
'Masella spoke very negatively about the two former female employees, which made Drake nervous. Drake was certain that the slightest slip could make her a target of severe harassment, termination of employment or even rape, ” it continued. 
Drake says that Smith made inappropriate advances towards her on several occasions while they were on and off-duty. 
'Masella arrived in a cruiser while he was on duty wearing a full police uniform. When Drake opened the front door, Masella asked her if she was naked. Drake told Masella she 'was not' at which point Masella stated 'Oh, alright I will come back later.' ” the lawsuit stated. 
County attorney Donald Smith denied commenting on behalf of the police department, telling NECN that, ' As a policy, the Town of New Boston does not comment on pending litigation. The Town is in the process of preparing a response to the allegations brought forth by Ms. Drake.” 
In the statement to the press, Smith denied the charges. 
'The complaint contains inaccurate information which will be addressed as part of the ongoing legal process,” Smith said. 
When Drake made a complaint to the police chief about the issue, she was the one who was interrogated instead of Masella, and she was fired shortly after. 
'During this interrogation of Drake, she was subjected to a barrage of questioning lasting for over an hour while the offending supervisor, Masella stood close by,” the lawsuit stated. 
To add insult to injury Drake was issued a warning for violating the county's sexual harassment policy with her termination. 
Unfortunately, this type of response to good cops, who try to call out corruption in their department is the rule, not the exception. 
Previously, the Free Thought Project brought you the story of Laura Schook, who tried to call out corruption in her department. Naturally, they tried to run her through the mud and fire her. 
Prior to Schook, we broke the story of a cop in Buffalo, NY who was beaten and fired after she stopped a fellow cop from nearly killing a handcuffed man. She is still fighting for her pension. 
In Kentucky, a sheriff's deputy was fired for 'insubordination” after pointing out that the sheriff had planted drugs in another deputy's car. Even though the sheriff was indicted, the deputy was still fired. 
In September of 2014, we exposed the Baltimore police department's attempt to intimidate a whistleblower officer. Detective Joe Crystal became a target of intimidation for his entire department after testifying against other officers in a misconduct case. Following his testimony, he received threats from other officers and even found dead rats on he and his wife's cars. 
The thin blue line, it seems, is akin to the mafia — cross it and you will be snubbed out by the rest of the gang. John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. John is currently battling cancer naturally, without any chemo or radiation, and will be working to help others through his experience, if you wish to contribute to his treatments please donate here. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Police Family Fakes Robbery, Vandalizes Own Home to Blame it On Black Lives Matter Police Family Fakes Robbery, Vandalizes Own Home to Blame it On Black Lives Matter Matt Agorist October 31, 2016 Leave a comment 
Millbury, MA — If you want to scam your insurance company while painting a group in a negative light who wants your husband and his peers to be held accountable for beating and killing unarmed black people, you can simply fake a robbery on your police officer's home and blame it on Black Lives Matter. But, you have to do it better than Maria Daly, who was busted last week for that very act. 
According to CBS Boston, police say on October 17 Maria Daly reported a burglary at the family home, saying jewelry and money had been stolen. She also reportedly said her house was tagged with graffiti that appeared to reference the Black Lives Matter movement. 
After investigators looked at the supposed crime scene, however, they quickly determined the entire account was false. 
'Something wasn't quite right,” said Millbury Police Chief Donald Desorcy. 'I think that was pretty obvious and as a result of that investigation, the officers did their due diligence and followed through with the investigation that we had.” 
'Basically we came to the conclusion that it was all fabricated,” said Desorcy. 'There was no intruder, there was no burglary.” 
After Daly robbed and vandalized her own home, she reported it to police and then went on social media to decry the 'hatred' against her husband from Black Lives Matter. 
'We woke up to not only our house being robbed while we were sleeping , but to see this hatred for no reason,” she said. 
Naturally, chief Desorcy quickly exonerated Daly's police officer husband, noting that he had no role in the deception. Whatever you say chief. 
'She must have tagged the place herself,” one neighbor said. 'I don't know why you'd do that if you're gonna stage a robbery, I mean really come on, you're a cop's wife. You should know better.” 
Maria Daly faces charges of filing a false police report and misleading a police investigation, according to CBS Boston. 
People vandalizing their own property to blame Black Lives Matter is not an isolated incident. 
A man who accused Black Lives Matter activists of vandalizing and spray-painting his car was recently arrested because police believe that he vandalized the car himself to stage a hoax and to scam his insurance company. Scott Lattin, a self-described supporter of police, reported in September of 2015, that his truck was torn apart and tagged with the phrase 'Black Lives Matter.” Lattin alleged that his vehicle was targeted because he had a number of pro-police stickers and symbols displayed. 
Lattin's story received national press, and he even appeared on a number of news programs where he showed the damage that was done to his truck. However, shortly after the hype, Whitney police arrested Lattin on a misdemeanor charge of making a false police report. 
'We had initial video when the officers took the report and then when we saw your story on Channel 4. When we looked at those two videos, there were some differences in those and that led us to take the investigation into a different direction,” Whitney Police Chief Chris Bentley said, adding that the case was 'very disturbing.” 
Lattin was apparently so excited about going on TV he further vandalized his own truck, more so than what was initially reported. When police noticed the extra damage on the TV report, they knew he was lying. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Elon Musk to Completely Revolutionize the Energy Industry with New Tesla Solar Roof Elon Musk to Completely Revolutionize the Energy Industry with New Tesla Solar Roof Jay Syrmopoulos October 31, 2016 Leave a comment 
Los Angeles, CA – While the battle over the future of energy plays out in places like Standing Rock, where the Native Americans are fighting to protect their water sources from the environmental dangers associated with oil pipelines, Elon Musk was doing his part by unveiling a revolutionary new clean energy technology – the Tesla Solar Roof. 
While people typically perceive Tesla as an electric-car company, the actual goal of Elon Musk's company has been to accelerate the large-scale adoption of sustainable energy. 
This past week, Musk made good on the company's vision by unveiling the Tesla Solar Roof, made of textured glass tiles with integrated solar cells that are nearly indistinguishable from conventional tiling. In concert, he also announced an upgraded model of the company's energy-storing Powerwall. 
The Powerwall 2 is a battery for homes and small businesses that stores the sun's energy and delivers clean, reliable electricity, even when the sun isn't shining. 
According to a report by Wired : 
A couple hundred invited guests, mostly Tesla owners, ooh-ed and ahh-ed as Musk revealed that a row of suburban American houses on Wisteria Lane—the old set of Desperate Housewives—were all, in fact, topped with solar roofs. Each house's old roofing material had been stripped away, and replaced with one of four new styles of solar tile. From the street, it was virtually impossible to tell; the roofs retained a variety of traditional looks, from textured slate shingle to terra cotta tile. 
Musk said the secret to the tiles' appearance is a special coating that becomes more or less see-through depending on your viewing angle. He described it as a series of micro louvers that work like a privacy screen on a laptop, and said the company is working with 3M on the tech. The effect is dramatic in person. From shallow angles, the tiles appear nontransparent. But as your viewing angle approaches 90 degrees, the underlying solar cell becomes more and more visible. The result is a tile that permits the passage of sunlight from overhead, but still looks opaque to anyone at ground level. 
During the presentation, Musk revealed the durability of the glass tile by showing drop tests that showed the tiles to be tougher than commonly used roofing materials, such as slate or clay. 
'It's never going to wear out, it's made of quartz, it has a quasi-infinite lifetime,” Musk said. 'We need to make solar panels as appealing as electric cars have become,” added Musk. 'It needs to be beautiful, affordable, and seamlessly integrated. If all of those things are true, why would you go any other direction?” 
The solar roof is designed to be used in concert with the Tesla Powerwall 2.0, which Musk also unveiled at his Los Angeles presentation. The new version of the Powerwall will cost $5,500 for 14kWh of storage and 7kWh peak power draw, which is enough to power a four-bedroom home for one day. No details on pricing, availability, or the installation process for the solar roof was announced. 
Musk envisions a day when people can walk into a Tesla store and buy an entire energy system, which includes a solar roof/panels, a Powerwall battery for energy storage and an electric car. 
The reality is that Musk is creating a system that could eventually replace the entire traditional electrical grid, and allow for true off-grid energy independence. The idea is that you can generate and store energy by day, which then lights up your house at night – without any pollution or environmental damage. 
'In order to make his vision move forward, Musk is using design with a big D,” Andy Ogden, Chair of the Industrial Design Department at ArtCenter College of Design in Pasadena, California told Wired. 'He's thinking about an overall strategy, in how these things interact and support each other, so there's some synergy.” 
Ogden believes that Musk's plan has the potential to work. 'If he can make it easier, and less expensive and more attractive for roofs to be solar, then that will drive the uptake of battery systems” 
This latest revolution in the energy industry comes as Musk's merger with SolarCity (the largest provider of solar power systems in the country), which is run by Musk's cousin and of which Musk is already the majority stockholder, will be voted on by shareholders on November 17. Musk's recent announcement of the new Tesla solar tiles would seemingly be a perfect fit with the Solar City brand. 
Thanks to Elon Musk the future of clean energy has never looked brighter. 
Please share this amazing story about the coming energy revolution! Share

ARTICLE

Home / Health / Former DEA Prescription Head Drops a BombShell — Congress Protects Big Pharma & Fuels Opioid Crisis Former DEA Prescription Head Drops a BombShell — Congress Protects Big Pharma & Fuels Opioid Crisis Claire Bernish October 31, 2016 8 Comments 
Congress would rather protect the profits of pharmaceutical companies than the health of those addicted to dangerous opioid drugs, says a former head of the DEA responsible for preventing abuse of medications. 
Joseph Rannazzisi, former Deputy Assistant Administrator at the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, asserts Big Pharma and its lobbyists have a 'stranglehold” on legislators in Congress and have engineered the protection of a $9 billion per year industry over the health of American citizens, according to a report from the Guardian . 
'Congress would rather listen to people who had a profit motive rather than a public health and safety motive,” he said, according to the outlet. 'As long as the industry has this stranglehold through lobbyists, nothing's going to change.” 
Rannazzisi explained lobbyists have spent millions thwarting legislative and policy efforts to provide guidelines for reducing the prescribing of opioid medications closely related to heroin — and helped limit the DEA's powers to discipline those who dispense unusually high dosages of the same. 
A pharmacist himself, Rannazzisi severely criticized lawmakers he claims hold a double standard — publicly vowing to combat the opioid epidemic, while essentially working on behalf of pharmaceutical companies to ensure the industry's profits. 
'These congressmen and senators who are using this because they are up for re-election, it's a sham,” he told the Guardian . 'The congressmen and senators who are championing this fight, the ones who really believe in what they're doing, their voices are drowned out because the industry has too much influence.” 
With the unique insight of having been an insider, Rannazzisi excoriated the duplicity evidenced between legislators' public lamentation of addiction and deaths from the opioid crisis during election years, and private efforts to protect drugmakers from liability. 
And he would know. According to Rannazzisi's LinkedIn profile, as Chief of Diversion, he had been tasked with 'oversight and control of all regulatory compliance inspections and civil and criminal investigations of approximately 1.6 million DEA registrants” — but if the standards are lowered by Congress to allow greater leeway in prescribing opioids, the threshold of criminality is raised. 
As the Guardian points out, legislation to fight the opioid epidemic, Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act , did, in fact, pass in July — but partisan controversy erupted when Republicans failed to provide funding to give the law sharp teeth. Democrats then issued a report titled ' Dying Waiting for Treatment ” in response, which 'likened the Republican response to the opioid crisis to 'using a piece of chewing gum to patch a cracked dam.'” 
Indeed the report sharply criticized the bill, equating its policies to 'empty promises' for the lack of financial follow-through. 
As the Washington Post detailed in a report earlier this month, the DEA launched an aggressive campaign to rein in distribution of opioids by pharmaceutical manufacturers to illegal 'pill mills' and corrupt pharmacies, who cared little whether the drugs wound up on the streets. 
Headed by Rannazzisi, the Office of Diversion Control sent investigators into the field, and began issuing hefty fines and filing lawsuits against the distributors responsible for the proliferation of opioids on the streets. 
But the disproportionately powerful pharmaceutical industry — fearing a potential significant loss in profits — fought back. Hard. 
According to the Post , the deputy attorney general summoned Rannazzisi to a meeting in 2012, concerning the cases of two unnamed major drug companies. 
'That meeting was to chastise me for going after industry, and that's all that meeting was about,” the now-retired DEA official told the Post . 
Then, in 2014, came what constituted a hand out to the pharmaceutical industry by the Department of Justice and congressional legislators: the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act — legislation initiated by the Healthcare Distribution Management Association — the industry group representing distributors at the heart of the controversy. 
An analysis of lobbying records by the Post found 'the Healthcare Distribution Alliance, spent $13 million lobbying House and Senate members and their staffs on the legislation and other issues between 2014 and 2016.” 
Rannazzisi argued his case to congressional staffers in a phone conference in July 2014, and recalled telling them, 'This bill passes the way it's written we won't be able to get immediate suspension orders, we won't be able to stop the hemorrhaging of these drugs out of these bad pharmacies and these bad corporations.” 
Stunned at the massive — and ultimately successful — effort to take the bite out of DEA attempts to hold distributors and drugmakers responsible for their role in an epidemic estimated to take 19,000 lives every year, Rannazzisi likened the legislation to a 'free pass” for legal drug pushers. 
'This doesn't ensure patient access and it doesn't help drug enforcement at all,” he told the Guardian. 'What this bill does has nothing to do with the medical process. What this bill does is take away DEA's ability to go after a pharmacist, a wholesaler, manufacturer or distributor.” 
'This was a gift. A gift to the industry,” he added. 
After heading the diversion office for a decade, Rannazzisi retired in 2015 — likely disgusted over legislators' dedication to the legal drug industry, rather than the people whose interests they're ostensibly obligated to protect. 
'The bill passed because 'Big Pharma' wanted it to pass,” he told the Guardian in no uncertain terms. 'The DEA is both an enforcement agency and a regulatory agency. When I was in charge what I tried to do was explain to my investigators and my agents that our job was to regulate the industry and they're not going to like being regulated.” 
Big Pharma relies overwhelmingly on lobbyists filling the coffers of politicians to ensure they ignore the crisis gripping the nation. As the Center for Public Integrity found , the Guardian noted, Purdue Pharma — at the heart of the epidemic for its highly-addictive drug introduced in the late 1990s, OxyContin — spent a breathtaking $740 million in the last ten years on congressional lobbying efforts. 
However, Big Pharma's power to influence policy and legislation extends far beyond simple but effective lobbying — the government-run Interagency Pain Research Coordinating Committee (IPRCC) has been accused by Sen. Ron Wyden of being a tool to 'weaken” CDC guidelines for limiting overprescribing of opioids. 
Wyden wrote to Secretary of Health and Human Services Sylvia Burwell of his concerns the IPRCC had been staffed with 'experts' with conflicts of interest for their close ties to Big Pharma, including a scientist with a $1.5 million endowment from Purdue, reported the Guardian . 
'You've got a panel that's certainly got a fair number of people that have a vested interest in this problem of overprescribing. That's something you've got to root out,” Wyden asserted . 'The role of the pharmaceutical companies on these advisory panels troubles me greatly. Science is getting short shrift compared to the political clout of these influential interests.” 
Families of countless addicts and victims of the opioid industry would undoubtedly find the direct influence of Big Pharma's pro-opioid cash appalling — yet it continues to this day. Policies and legislation have not yet been given the appropriate funding needed to effectively combat the problem, which swirls out of control while politicians and drugmakers reap blood-tainted profits. 
'Corporations have no conscience,” Rannazzisi flatly told the Guardian . 'Unfortunately, with my job, I was the guy who had to go out and talk to families that lost kids. If one of those CEOs went out there and talked to anybody, or if one of those CEOs happened to lose a kid to this horrible, horrible domestic tragedy we have, I'd bet you they'd change their mind. 
'When you sit with a parent who can't understand why there's so many pharmaceuticals out in the illicit marketplace, and why isn't the government doing anything, well the DEA was doing something. Unfortunately what we're trying to do is thwarted by people who are writing laws.” Share Google + skyp0ckets 
You know, even if a pharma head talked to the family of someone who lost a loved one to opiod addiction, or had a family member suffer that fate, I don't think it would change them in the least. These people who are hard-wired to accumulate massive amounts of wealth are usually somewhere between sociopathic and psychopathic. This is why it is very difficult for people to trust medicine, and in many cases, the doctors who dispense it. Have you ever been sitting in a waiting room and watched the number of salespeople revolve in and out, many with carry-out food? Disgusting. Bwin51 
Ever notice how the sales reps are all well dressed attractive women? rav1 TZM_TVP_RBE 
The entire system is inherently corrupt. 
Imagine you are the CEO of one of these Big Pharma corporations and you decided to cut the price of your drugs across the board, making them accessible to everyone that needed them. You would be out the door so fast your head would spin! 
The board and the shareholders would be furious and demand a CEO that only cares about share prices. 
And so you have it, inherent corruption. 
The solution: 
http://www.thevenusproject.com/the-venus-project/ Bwin51 
If there was ever a conspiracy, it's this one where government and business agree that those who wish to abuse drugs to their eventual demise are given the freedom to destroy themselves, reproduce freely thereby creating a new generation of consumers, generating profits for a few and tax dollars for the country. It's not the cost of pharmaceuticals as much as the enablement of opioid addiction in the name of profits that is disturbing. Purdue pharma had an opportunity to change their formulation of OxyContin long ago to make their drug nonaddicting, but they chose not to according to Chasing the Scream. If that's true, and so far no one has denied the assertion, then what do we have here. 
This is a 'bombshell”? I thought it was common knowledge. rav1 
We've known this for some time now – maybe it's a bombshell to those who believe and defend the corrupt system – but… it's been known for a long time. 
https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c1fa9675331c053172286e53581c0496949f8edca27ba323bad684cf6b5fc19d.png 
And think of what lobbyists dole out to Congressmen to force us to BUY AMERICAN rather than CANADIAN for exactly the same BRAND NAME DRUGS! 
Lets See if Clinton can make this the major effort in 2018 when Congressmen need to be reelected at OUR EXPENSE!!! 
Here's a US-CANADA comparison of common drug prices US and CANADA. 
Read the comments too!

ARTICLE

Murder squad. sgtkillgood 
Every one of those F.B.I. pricks should face murder charges . That was a set up by the sheriff they were on the way to see . The F.B.I. already knew he was going to die . Premeditated murder from the agents all the way to the top man who came up with this idea . bdtwilson 
Has to be more video state police have body cams.. 2nd What would a person that keeps his gun on his right hip have it on his left pocket? Curtrena Webster 
same dumbasses crying for these criminals cheer when an unarmed teenage black kid is killed. Only one I feel sorry or is the girl, who obviously had no clue how seriously a game was being played. They were told to exit the vehicle and LaVoy chose to speed off. Sad that a life was lost for some fantasy world of wild wild west, but 2 yrs of playing nice by the Feds was enough. john smith 
this last comment brought to you by the NDAA © Corum 
You dumb cow you don't know your ass from a hot rock. Yes there were wrongs on both sides if he had simply gotten out of the pickup he may still be alive but the simple fact is for many many years the federal government has and continues to over step it's bounds they steal money land and freedom from us all at an alarming rate and every time someone stands up for them selves and there freedoms guess what here comes the jack booted thugs and shortly after there is another ” justified shooting” of a citizen who is just trying to defend there way of life . and as for your comment about the UN armed black kid go piss up a rope If you look at the majority of those cases the person shot did one of two thing they attacked the officer or charged the officer. But if you want to live in your coma of liberal guilt and perpetual blindness be my guest Charge61 
The man was murdered in a pre-set trap. If he wanted to ram them he WOULD have, so saying he was driving a vehicle as a deadly weapon was a lie. They fired 3 shots before he swerved to avoid the trap. He exited with hands up and they executed him. Those on here defending the feds are coward scum who deserve the totalitarian regime you will be getting. Too cowardly to protect your freedoms, you make me sick by your ignorance. You WILL be next fedsuckers. And I will rejoice. COWARDS. Jeff Ex 
Oh puhleze. Tarp man? Not exactly the sharpest tool in the shed AND a home grown terrorist. Weak minded uneducated idiots are who support this cretin. Debbie Truitt Earley 
By your comment, it's obvious you are anti-God and anti-American. Your communist mindset is what's wrong with America. That's why we are no longer a free nation. Wake up, comatose weasel. Jeff Ex 
Good lord, do people like you actually exist? How are people as stupid as you able to actually feed themselves? I'm anti stupid asshats like you, a hillbilly tart… Debra 
What free country does this to peaceful unarmed protestors that are standing up for the rights of America…. It's not the United States. We are NOT a free people. We are living under dictatorship! Wake up, America! Jeff Ex 
This entire comment section has been taken over by people with an average IQ of 30. It's sad to see what this country has come to, low information religious zealots and ammo sexual nutjobs…. Josh White 
You sir, are a shill. You Come into a forum questioning everyone's IQ, use a stupid made up disorder analogy. In which I can only speculate is your way of saying you appose the second ammendment. In which I can only assume you feel the Agents where justified in exercising their second ammendment right, and yet the man in question never fired a single shot. Debbie Truitt Earley 
LaVoy carried revolvers. The 9mm was a planted stolen gun from two years ago planted by the officers. Serial #54119868 Adam Ruff 
True – he carried a 45 revolver from what I understand. I would love to know Debbie if you have any information about the 9mm which I also believe was planted. Is the serial number you posted legit and where did you get the information? Please let me know so I can pass the information on to the right people. Marine1954 
shooting a unarmed person is just being a pussy . all fbi that shot should be up on charges Thom* 
The Oregonian Is as much responsible for his murder as the thugs that pulled the triggers and shot the unarmed rancher and then turned their automatic rapid fire rifles on the 3 unarmed persons who were in the pickup . 2 of whom were women. They sure did release a video which they claimed was unedited (Lie #1) poor quality and behind the cover of pine trees undeliberate (lie #2 and 3) No sound making it impossible too tell who fired first and only. They say different (lie #4) Then they say there was no dash cams (lie#5) No (lapel cams???) The pickup truck LaVoy was driving with his three passengers was later after dark towed to an enclosed lot with locks on the gates and covered with a tarp. (Why cover it)??? They said LaVoy was shot 3 times, the coroner said he was shot 9 times once in the face (lie #5, 6,or 7) I lost count. The FBI said they found a gun on LaVoy the returned data on the gun said it was a gun that had been stolen 2 years ago???? LaVoy didn't even so much as have a traffic ticket. That gun was planted I would bet my life on it. The Oregonian sold this story to its readers like it was a 'hole in the wall gang ready to blaze away at the cops and forcefully taking over a gov't compound” . The Oregonian lied just to sell their lousy newspapers. The Oregonian could have prevented this murder but they were more interested in selling newspapers. This was just the last of many confrontations between the BLM and the ranchers with more to come and I expect them to get more violent per incident. Now the ranchers know that the FBI and BLM have no problem shooting unarmed civilians. Lot more to this story and you really need to do your homework. It started years ago. Wendy J. Colby 
It wasn't what the FBI wanted only because those in the truck survived thanks to LaVoy Finicum an absolute hero and patriot. Jim Richardson 
Who was Jim Dunakin? Chuck Fluharty 
Maybe they should have used a little bit of that kind of Justice on the rioters in Ferguson that where looting stealing and burning down a town for a month but no some ranchers take over a abondon wildlife refuge building and you kill them maybe next time there's a riot a bunch of good old boys should saddle up and show them how to end a riot oh but wait the blacks and the wannabees can get away with what they want because they where slaves theres a difference between peaceful protest and tearing down a whole city unbelieviable Adam Ruff 
LaVoy Finicum was assassinated by the US government because he was exposing their illegal land grabs all over the west and his message was catching fire with ranchers all over the country. They killed him to keep him quiet. He and the others were on their way to give a talk to hundreds in the next county about the illegal land grabs. Those who participated in the murder of LaVoy Finicum are traitors to their country and to the oath to the Constitution they took. Those who participated in this murder are the terrorists, they are the criminals, they are the killers. To any of you who think this was in any way justified, you can go straight to hell, you are traitors to your country too. Mike Bonnett 
And today the US military admits they have been using combat drones inside the US in violation of the Constitution….. That is where that aerial footage is from… Robert Capa 
A guy runs over a blockade, is known to be armed and reaches for gis gun (no, he was not wonded at that time). Shoot me! He said. Gets shot by the police. I guess all those who post here that the police were murders, are active members of Black Lives Matter. Because those guys on the city are not given tha chance to surrender. ANON 
Play those games, win those prizes. angry bird 
After watching the synchronized videos, it is apparent that The killing of Mr. Finicum was a planned and staged execution. I can only hope those involved receive what they have dished out. 
Heartfelt prayers shine on the Finicum family so sorry for your loss and May Lavoy be blessed in heaven and honored righteously here on earth Amen Social

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Due Process is Dead: A Staggering 95% of All Inmates in America Have Never Received a Trial Due Process is Dead: A Staggering 95% of All Inmates in America Have Never Received a Trial Claire Bernish January 25, 2016 268 Comments 
In the Land of the Free, one-quarter of the entire planet's prison population, some 2.2 million people, currently languish behind bars; yet, an astonishing number of them — around 2 million — have never been to trial . Indeed, these figures categorically debunk the notion the criminal justice system in the United States maintains any semblance of its formation's original intent: to ensure the guilty suffer punishment befitting their crimes, while the innocent avoid false conviction. 
As the fundamental basis for the justice system in the United States, the Sixth Amendment states: 'In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defense.” 
Justice, as an untold — though no doubt, appalling — number can attest, has been utterly abandoned for the interests of the careless expedience , apathetic convenience, and unabashed profiteering of the U.S. prison-industrial machine. 
'The reality is that almost no one who is imprisoned in America has gotten a trial,” explains award-winning journalist, Chris Hedges, in a recent Truthdig column . 'There is rarely an impartial investigation. A staggering 97 percent of all federal cases and 95 percent of all state felony cases are resolved through plea bargaining.” Of those millions who bargained away their right to a trial by accepting plea deals, 'significant percentages of them are innocent.” 
Plea bargaining failed in its attempt to facilitate pragmatic justice seen in earlier courts, before the advent of the 'adversary system and the related development of the law of evidence,” as John H. Langein once described . After the Civil War, as Judge Jed S. Rakoff explained in the New York Review of Books , rising crime and immigration rates began to burden the system and plea bargains offered an acceptable solution. In other words, court proceedings were at one time swift and simple, and though such expediency might have seemed a desirable quality in the past, the incontrovertible reality at present is a system wholly focused on speed at the expense of the necessary — in fact, imperative — assumption of innocence of the accused. 
Indeed, for incontrovertible proof the court system no longer functions for the people — neither in its capacity to protect the public from the actual criminals, nor in its ostensible assurances no innocent person will be punished unfairly — take even a cursory glance at the trial system. Plea bargains have actualized a replacement of justice with a farcical, well-oiled machine of incarceration. 'In actuality,” as Rakoff described, 'our criminal justice system is almost exclusively a system of plea bargaining, negotiated behind closed doors and with no judicial oversight. The outcome is very largely determined by the prosecutor alone.” 
Of all federal criminal cases, 'fewer than 3 percent went to trial. The plea bargains largely determined the sentences imposed.” 
Plea deals are presented to defendants as a way to escape the near certainty of a heavy-handed sentence should they be found guilty by a jury at trial — because defense attorneys' and prosecutors' most pressing goal is to prevent a trial in the first place. 'Once you are charged in America,” Hedges said, 'whether you did the crime or not, you are almost always found guilty.” 
In part, such 'unconditional guilt' begat the need for The Innocence Project — 'a national litigation and public policy organization dedicated to exonerating wrongfully convicted individuals through DNA testing and reforming the criminal justice system to prevent future injustice.” Since 1989, there have been 337 DNA-related exonerations with individuals having served a combined total of around 4,606 unjustified years — an average of 14 years, each, before being freed. Of those 337 cases, 31 individuals , who had served over 150 combined years, 'pled guilty to crimes they didn't commit — usually seeking to avoid the potential for a long sentence (or a death sentence),” states The Innocence Project's website. 
'If all of the accused went to trial, the judicial system, which is designed around plea agreements, would collapse. And this is why trial sentences are horrific. It is why public attorneys routinely urge their clients to accept a plea arrangement. Trials are a flashing red light to the accused: DO NOT DO THIS. It is the inversion of justice. ” Of the students he teaches in prison, those 'who have the longest sentences are usually the ones who demanded a trial.” 
While the rich and powerful, especially those associated with corporations and banks , are able to escape significant punishment — even when their crimes affect millions of people, such as those complicit in the 2008 financial crash — the poor, whether guilty or not, fall victim to this slanted system. As Hedges summarized: 
'If you are poor, you will be railroaded in an assembly-line production, from a town or city where there are no jobs, through the police stations, county jails and courts directly into prison. And if you are poor, because you don't have any money for adequate legal defense, you will serve sentences that are decades longer than those for equivalent crimes anywhere else in the industrialized world … Being poor has become a crime. And this makes mass incarceration the most pressing civil rights issue of our era.” Share

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Genius Child Arrested, Interrogated, and Thrown in Juvi by Hero Cops for Making a Homemade Clock Genius Child Arrested, Interrogated, and Thrown in Juvi by Hero Cops for Making a Homemade Clock John Vibes September 16, 2015 326 Comments 
Irving, TX – An intelligent and talented 9th grader was arrested this week for bringing a homemade clock into school. 14-year-old Ahmed Mohamed is interested in electronics and has taught himself how to make his own radios and other devices. He can even repair his own go-kart. 
Recently, he made a clock that he was proud of so he decided to take it into school and show his classmates and teachers. Sadly, instead of celebrating his achievement, one of his teachers called the police on him because they thought that it might be a bomb. 
When the police arrived, they took the threat seriously and believed that it could be a bomb as well, even though it obviously wasn't. Eventually, the police charged him with making a clock and misrepresenting it as a bomb, even though he consistently told everyone that it was a clock, and denied that it was a bomb when the teachers or the police suggested it. 
The young man was then handcuffed and taken to a juvenile detention center, and his clock was taken and put in an evidence room. He was also suspended from school and was unable to attend a student council meeting that he was scheduled to be a part of. 
'Here in high school, none of the teachers know what I can do,” Ahmed told Dallas News after the incident. 
He then explained that when he showed his engineering teacher what he created, he was warned not to show it to the other teachers. 
'He was like, 'That's really nice, I would advise you not to show any other teachers',” Ahmed said. 
He then kept the clock in his bag until his English class when the alarm went off and disturbed his teacher. After the class, Ahmed showed his teacher what was making the noise, and she accused him of bringing a bomb to school. 
'She was like, it looks like a bomb,” he said. 
'I told her, 'It doesn't look like a bomb to me,'” he explained. 
The teacher took the clock from him and he had expected that was the end of it. However, towards the end of the day, Ahmed was pulled out of class and taken to a room filled with police officers. 
He said that the officers then attempted to get him to admit that he tried to make a bomb. 
'They were like, 'So you tried to make a bomb? '” Ahmed said. 
'I told them no, I was trying to make a clock.” 
The officer then told him, ' 'It looks like a movie bomb to me.'” 
The police even admit that Ahmed never once said the device was a bomb, and they never had any reason to believe that it actually was one, but the police still seemed to think he was lying about something, even though they didn't have any proof. 
'We have no information that he claimed it was a bomb. He kept maintaining it was a clock, but there was no broader explanation,” police spokesman James McLellan said. 
'It could reasonably be mistaken as a device if left in a bathroom or under a car. The concern was, what was this thing built for? Do we take him into custody?” he added. 
They couldn't possibly imagine that a young man would want to teach himself a valuable skill and share his achievement with his teachers. 
'They thought, 'How could someone like this build something like this unless it's a threat?',” Ahmed said. 
Ahmed's father, Mohamed Elhassan Mohamed believes that his family is being discriminated against. 
'He just wants to invent good things for mankind, but because his name is Mohamed and because of Sept. 11, I think my son got mistreated,” he said. 
There has since been an outpour of support on social media since Ahmed's story went public. He has even gotten support from Mark Z and President Obama. Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It's what makes America great. 
— President Obama (@POTUS) September 16, 2015 
John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter-culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work , he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference , which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65 chapter Book entitled 'Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com. Share John Lloyd Scharf 
I did that. As a Vietnam Vet who spent a great deal of time in the Philippines when they were under martial law, life, liberty, and public safety are too precious to let slip. Every time a citizen is persecuted, the Terrorists win. That is the point of terrorism. Destruction alone is not the object. Having us turn on each other is. A draconian law enforcement suits the political purposes by creating innocent martyrs. When they violate the laws they are paid to enforce and threaten the public safety they are sworn to protect, we lose our liberty and the TERRORISTS win. John Lloyd Scharf 
I did that. As a Vietnam Vet who spent a great deal of time in the Philippines when they were under martial law, life, liberty, and public safety are too precious to let slip. Every time a citizen is persecuted, the Terrorists win. That is the point of terrorism. Destruction alone is not the object. Having us turn on each other is. A draconian law enforcement suits the political purposes by creating innocent martyrs. When they violate the laws they are paid to enforce and threaten the public safety they are sworn to protect, we lose our liberty and the TERRORISTS win. Dania Chaviano 
everything happens for a reason… now he has a direct invite from the president of the united states to visit the white house and a message from Mark to visit facebook head quarters and now a nation behind him in support of his brilliant mind and talent… i know it still doesnt change the shitty stuff that happened due to peoples sheer ignorance and discrimination but the positive i think out ways the negative now! Dania Chaviano 
everything happens for a reason… now he has a direct invite from the president of the united states to visit the white house and a message from Mark to visit facebook head quarters and now a nation behind him in support of his brilliant mind and talent… i know it still doesnt change the shitty stuff that happened due to peoples sheer ignorance and discrimination but the positive i think out ways the negative now! Miguel Angel Coria 
It's not the kid's fault or the cops, I believe it's hollywood and the media creating a string of stereotypical 'racism” in our minds, we see muslim we think terrorism, the cop only acted on basic instinct I believe it would be smart to start a project putting an end to stereotypes. There exists a possibility it might work. Just thinking away Miguel Angel Coria 
I'm assuming your african american because i actually went into your page, took time to form an idea before I got offended, but just from your comments i'm realizing your just as ignorant as rednecks. People who realize they can't win in an intellectual debate do they directly start offending their opponent, you might as well start wearing a Donald Trump shirt and watching duck dynasty. Because the problem is that Government separates people by race, religion, or beliefs. They way they can't stand together against them. Try researching information before going and thinking your right about everything you say. I'm Douglas Brigham 
Cops fuck up its not the cops fault. 
I guess it's also not Dylan Roof fault that he killed 9 people. Because of the media. 
SMH Beth Pucku 
I'm Canadian and love all you. Obama is obviously trying to switch over the American people brain washing from hating Muslim to loving them cos Obama knows he's killing all thses people over seas to get the oil to feed the industrial military war machine. 
I'm reading an article, generating my own thought about it and creating an idea that might help solve the issue ? And what are you doing about it? Small minded people discuss other people. Average minded people discuss events, Critical thinkers discuss ideas. Aimee Hernandez 
Miguel your initial comment is very basic n ambiguous. You appear to contradict yourself to say the least. What 'idea” are you creating to solve the issue? Perhaps you should take a couple steps back, not just one, but a couple sir. I can construe an opinion based on the few comments you have posted. FYI you can't be part of the solution when your basic mentality is part of the issue. With all due respect read some more….a lot more then pretend to have some sort of 'intellictual” debate. Just saying … Miguel Angel Coria 
I'll leave it plain and simple so you and your friend can understand, I stated my opinion, and an idea (Not the exact blue print). I never stated any of those as a fact. I try and help by spreading thought process but it's people like you and your friend who go around acting like overseers deciding what is wrong and what is right. I read, I watch, I think. I don't offend people directly or insult people who try and improve and give opinion. So re-read the post and all it's comments think about it for a second and just like in elementary school if you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything. Go to your hompage and on will find a tab that say's 'what's on your mind today” go ahead click and go crazy. Have a great day ma'am Miguel Angel Coria 
It's not the kid's fault or the cops, I believe it's hollywood and the media creating a string of stereotypical 'racism” in our minds, we see muslim we think terrorism, the cop only acted on basic instinct I believe it would be smart to start a project putting an end to stereotypes. There exists a possibility it might work. Just thinking away Miguel Angel Coria 
I'm assuming your african american because i actually went into your page, took time to form an idea before I got offended, but just from your comments i'm realizing your just as ignorant as rednecks. People who realize they can't win in an intellectual debate do they directly start offending their opponent, you might as well start wearing a Donald Trump shirt and watching duck dynasty. Because the problem is that Government separates people by race, religion, or beliefs. They way they can't stand together against them. Try researching information before going and thinking your right about everything you say. I'm Douglas Brigham 
Cops fuck up its not the cops fault. 
I guess it's also not Dylan Roof fault that he killed 9 people. Because of the media. 
SMH Beth Pucku 
I'm Canadian and love all you. Obama is obviously trying to switch over the American people brain washing from hating Muslim to loving them cos Obama knows he's killing all thses people over seas to get the oil to feed the industrial military war machine. 
I'm reading an article, generating my own thought about it and creating an idea that might help solve the issue ? And what are you doing about it? Small minded people discuss other people. Average minded people discuss events, Critical thinkers discuss ideas. Aimee Hernandez 
Miguel your initial comment is very basic n ambiguous. You appear to contradict yourself to say the least. What 'idea” are you creating to solve the issue? Perhaps you should take a couple steps back, not just one, but a couple sir. I can construe an opinion based on the few comments you have posted. FYI you can't be part of the solution when your basic mentality is part of the issue. With all due respect read some more….a lot more then pretend to have some sort of 'intellictual” debate. Just saying … Miguel Angel Coria 
I'll leave it plain and simple so you and your friend can understand, I stated my opinion, and an idea (Not the exact blue print). I never stated any of those as a fact. I try and help by spreading thought process but it's people like you and your friend who go around acting like overseers deciding what is wrong and what is right. I read, I watch, I think. I don't offend people directly or insult people who try and improve and give opinion. So re-read the post and all it's comments think about it for a second and just like in elementary school if you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything. Go to your hompage and on will find a tab that say's 'what's on your mind today” go ahead click and go crazy. Have a great day ma'am 
Yea and my penis looks like it can make it in the Porn Industry! Lmao Police IQ at an all time LOW! 
Yea and my penis looks like it can make it in the Porn Industry! Lmao Police IQ at an all time LOW! Keith Buck 
Of course not. How could I? I only spent 18 years in the public school system. I completed an apprenticeship and proceeded to teach up to five people at a time during the work week. As for police. Again how could I? I've only spent 31 years being surrounded by them and having them in my family. Lady, before you accuse someone of not knowing what they're talking about. Make sure that you actually do. Keith Buck 
Of course not. How could I? I only spent 18 years in the public school system. I completed an apprenticeship and proceeded to teach up to five people at a time during the work week. As for police. Again how could I? I've only spent 31 years being surrounded by them and having them in my family. Lady, before you accuse someone of not knowing what they're talking about. Make sure that you actually do. 
'Looks like a movie bomb to me.” 
He should stop watching movies and start actually do his job properly… 
Hollywood obviously messed up his rational thinking… 
'Looks like a movie bomb to me.” 
He should stop watching movies and start actually do his job properly… 
Hollywood obviously messed up his rational thinking… 
I DO NOT agree with arresting him, taking him to juvi., etc 
But SERIOUSLY…..he had to know how that looks to people. 
I DO NOT agree with arresting him, taking him to juvi., etc 
But SERIOUSLY…..he had to know how that looks to people. Louis Edward Francis Mills 
Get's to the station and after 1 day it's like: 'Hey seargeant, you were meant to take your medicine”. 'Thanks Ahmed”. 'Hey inspector, 7.30, time to call your wife.”'Hey, you're right Ahmed, thanks buddy.”'Excuse me chief, didn't that squad say they would be back at 9.15? It's 9.17 exactly, sir.”'Right you are Ahmed”. IT'S OBVIOUS THEY SIMPLY WANTED A WORKING CLOCK AND SOMEONE WHO KNEW HOW TO READ IT! Louis Edward Francis Mills 
Get's to the station and after 1 day it's like: 'Hey seargeant, you were meant to take your medicine”. 'Thanks Ahmed”. 'Hey inspector, 7.30, time to call your wife.”'Hey, you're right Ahmed, thanks buddy.”'Excuse me chief, didn't that squad say they would be back at 9.15? It's 9.17 exactly, sir.”'Right you are Ahmed”. IT'S OBVIOUS THEY SIMPLY WANTED A WORKING CLOCK AND SOMEONE WHO KNEW HOW TO READ IT! 
…so a high school asked me to come in and do a presentation on what I do. I was going to bring in a bunch of circuit boards… 
Guess I better rethink that? oh wait! My name is not Mohammed… I should be good. 
…so a high school asked me to come in and do a presentation on what I do. I was going to bring in a bunch of circuit boards… 
Guess I better rethink that? oh wait! My name is not Mohammed… I should be good. 
OUTRAGEOUS! IT IS TIME EVERYONE IS HELD ACCOUNTABLE ABOLISH QUALIFIED IMMUNITY FOR COPS ! ** Arrest, charge, indict and convict cops for the crimes they commit under the color of law! CHARGE THEIR COMMANDERS AS ACCESSORIES TO THE CRIMES that their subordinates commit and police will STOP victimizing the public.*** NO MORE SPECIAL GRAND JURIES FOR COPS!**** HOLD JUDGES ACCOUNTABLE for light sentencing handed down to criminal cops.*** CHARGE JUDGES AND DISTRICT ATTORNEYS WITH OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE when they refuse to prosecute cops for criminal misconduct. Police who SHOOT PETS should be held accountable and charged with animal abuse! THEY SHOULD GET MANDATORY JAIL TIME FOR KILLING PETS! 
OUTRAGEOUS! IT IS TIME EVERYONE IS HELD ACCOUNTABLE ABOLISH QUALIFIED IMMUNITY FOR COPS ! ** Arrest, charge, indict and convict cops for the crimes they commit under the color of law! CHARGE THEIR COMMANDERS AS ACCESSORIES TO THE CRIMES that their subordinates commit and police will STOP victimizing the public.*** NO MORE SPECIAL GRAND JURIES FOR COPS!**** HOLD JUDGES ACCOUNTABLE for light sentencing handed down to criminal cops.*** CHARGE JUDGES AND DISTRICT ATTORNEYS WITH OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE when they refuse to prosecute cops for criminal misconduct. Police who SHOOT PETS should be held accountable and charged with animal abuse! THEY SHOULD GET MANDATORY JAIL TIME FOR KILLING PETS! Edward Johnson 
Back when I was growing up science fair and art fair projects were encouraged. In high school I had students left and right along with some teachers ask me to fix their Walkman or boombox radio. It was a big boost to my self esteem in the work force.More came with experience. The teachers who had this boy arrested or in no way teachers anymore after the trauma they put him through. Edward Johnson 
Back when I was growing up science fair and art fair projects were encouraged. In high school I had students left and right along with some teachers ask me to fix their Walkman or boombox radio. It was a big boost to my self esteem in the work force.More came with experience. The teachers who had this boy arrested or in no way teachers anymore after the trauma they put him through. 
It's not rocket science. Denounce Islam. The Shoe Bomber was a Muslim The Beltway Snipers were Muslims The Fort Hood Shooter was a Muslim The underwear Bomber was a Muslim The U-S.S. Cole Bombers were Muslims The Madrid Train Bombers were Muslims The Bafi Nightclub Bombers were Muslims The London Subway Bombers were Muslims The Moscow Theatre Attackers were Muslims The Boston Marathon Bombers were Muslims The Pan-Am flight #93 Bombers were Muslims The Air France Entebbe Hijackers were Muslims The Iranian Embassy Takeover, was by Muslims The Beirut U.S. Embassy bombers were Muslims The Libyan U.S. Embassy Attack was by Musiims The Buenos Aires Suicide Bombers were Muslims The Israeli Olympic Team Attackers were Muslims The Kenyan U.S, Embassy Bombers were Muslims The Saudi, Khobar Towers Bombers were Muslims The Beirut Marine Barracks bombers were Muslims The Besian Russian School Attackers were Muslims The first World Trade Center Bombers were Muslims The Bombay & Mumbai India Attackers were Muslims The Achille Lauro Cruise Ship Hijackers were Muslims The September 11th 2001 Airline Hijackers were Muslims' 
Think of it: 
Buddhists living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Christians = No Problem Hindus living with Jews = No Problem Christians living with Shintos = No Problem Shintos living with Confucians = No Problem Confusians living with Baha'is = No Problem Baha'is living with Jews = No Problem Jews living with Atheists = No Problem Atheists living with Buddhists = No Problem Buddhists living with Sikhs = No Problem Sikhs living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Baha'is = No Problem Baha'is living with Christians = No Problem Christians living with Jews = No Problem Jews living with Buddhists = No Problem Buddhists living with Shintos = No Problem Shintos living with Atheists = No Problem Atheists living with Confucians = No Problem Confusians living with Hindus = No Problem 
Muslims living with Hindus = Problem Muslims living with Buddhists = Problem Muslims living with Christians = Problem Muslims living with Jews = Problem Muslims living with Sikhs = Problem Muslims living with Baha'is = Problem Muslims living with Shintos = Problem Muslims living with Atheists = Problem MUSLIMS LIVING WITH MUSLIMS = BIG PROBLEM 
SO THIS LEAD TO They're not happy in Gaza They're not happy in Egypt They're not happy in Libya They're not happy in Morocco They're not happy in Iran They're not happy in Iraq They're not happy in Yemen They're not happy in Afghanistan They're not happy in Pakistan They're not happy in Syria They're not happy in Lebanon They're not happy in Nigeria They're not happy in Kenya They're not happy in Sudan 
So, where are they happy? They're happy in Australia They're happy in England They're happy in Belgium They're happy in France They're happy in Italy They're happy in Germany They're happy in Sweden They're happy in the USA & Canada They're happy in Norway & India They're happy in almost every country that is not Islamic! And who do they blame? Not Islam… Not their leadership… Not themselves… THEY BLAME THE COUNTRIES THEY ARE HAPPY IN!! And they want to change the countries they're happy in, to be like the countries they came from where they were unhappy and finally they will be get hammered !!!! 
Islamic Jihad: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION ISIS: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Al-Qaeda: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Taliban: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Hamas: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Hezbollah: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Boko Haram: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Al-Nusra: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Abu Sayyaf: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Al-Badr: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Muslim Brotherhood: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Lashkar-e-Taiba: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Palestine Liberation Front: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Ansaru: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Jemaah Islamiyah: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION Abdullah Azzam Brigades: AN ISLAMIC TERROR ORGANIZATION AND A LOT MORE 
It's not rocket science. Denounce Islam. The Shoe Bomber was a Muslim The Beltway Snipers were Muslims The Fort Hood Shooter was a Muslim The underwear Bomber was a Muslim The U-S.S. Cole Bombers were Muslims The Madrid Train Bombers were Muslims The Bafi Nightclub Bombers were Muslims The London Subway Bombers were Muslims The Moscow Theatre Attackers were Muslims The Boston Marathon Bombers were Muslims The Pan-Am flight #93 Bombers were Muslims The Air France Entebbe Hijackers were Muslims The Iranian Embassy Takeover, was by Muslims The Beirut U.S. Embassy bombers were Muslims The Libyan U.S. Embassy Attack was by Musiims The Buenos Aires Suicide Bombers were Muslims The Israeli Olympic Team Attackers were Muslims The Kenyan U.S, Embassy Bombers were Muslims The Saudi, Khobar Towers Bombers were Muslims The Beirut Marine Barracks bombers were Muslims The Besian Russian School Attackers were Muslims The first World Trade Center Bombers were Muslims The Bombay & Mumbai India Attackers were Muslims The Achille Lauro Cruise Ship Hijackers were Muslims The September 11th 2001 Airline Hijackers were Muslims' 
Think of it: 
Buddhists living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Christians = No Problem Hindus living with Jews = No Problem Christians living with Shintos = No Problem Shintos living with Confucians = No Problem Confusians living with Baha'is = No Problem Baha'is living with Jews = No Problem Jews living with Atheists = No Problem Atheists living with Buddhists = No Problem Buddhists living with Sikhs = No Problem Sikhs living with Hindus = No Problem Hindus living with Baha'is = No Problem Baha'is living with Christians = No Problem Christians living with Jews = No Problem Jews living with Buddhists = No Problem Buddhists living with Shintos = No Problem Shintos living with Atheists = No Problem Atheists living with Confucians = No Problem Confusians living with Hindus = No Problem 
Muslims living with Hindus = Problem Muslims living with Buddhists = Problem Muslims living with Christians = Problem Muslims living with Jews = Problem Muslims living with Sikhs = Problem Muslims living with Baha'is = Problem Muslims living with Shintos = Problem Muslims living with Atheists = Problem MUSLIMS LIVING WITH MUSLIMS = BIG PROBLEM 
SO THIS LEAD TO They're not happy in Gaza They're not happy in Egypt They're not happy in Libya They're not happy in Morocco They're not happy in Iran They're not happy in Iraq They're not happy in Yemen They're not happy in Afghanistan They're not happy in Pakistan They're not happy in Syria They're not happy in Lebanon They're not happy in Nigeria They're not happy in Kenya They're not happy in Sudan 
So, where are they happy?

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Cop Fired After Shooting Own 11-year-old Daughter at a Halloween Party Cop Fired After Shooting Own 11-year-old Daughter at a Halloween Party Matt Agorist November 1, 2016 Leave a comment 
Lincolnton, NC — Time and again, police prove that the government having a monopoly on the use of weapons is a terrible idea. A glaring example of this incompetence is evidenced through a recent case in North Carolina in which a police officer shot her own daughter. 
On Monday, the Lincoln County Sheriff's Office announced that deputy Misty Michelle Flowers, 38, was terminated after she shot her 11-year-old daughter over the weekend. 
The shooting happened as Flowers, who is entrusted by the state to act responsibly with a firearm, was showing off her service weapon to friends Saturday night when she squeezed the trigger. The bullet then went through the wall and hit her daughter in another room. 
'I find gross negligence and the disregard for the safety of others was displayed in the incident Saturday night and therefore Officer Flowers was terminated today,” Sheriff David Carpenter said. 'This is totally separate from the SBI investigation into the incident that occurred at her residence.” 
According to WNCN: 
Lincoln County deputies said they were called to the home at 11:23 p.m. and started tending to the girl's injury. The child was taken to CHS-Lincoln and then airlifted to Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte for surgery. According to deputies, she was in stable condition after treatment. 
Neighbors say there was a Halloween party going on at the house where this happened. 
Flowers has been with the Lincoln County Sheriff's Office since 2015 and worked for the Catawba County Sheriff's Office before that. 
'During this entire situation, my focus has been on the well-being and condition of the child involved and am of the understanding the child is going to be ok after the surgery. This is a very tragic situation for all involved, the officer, her family, her career and everyone that has been touched by this,” Carpenter said. 'We continue to pray for healing of the child and the entire family as the investigation continues over the next several days.” 
According to the SBI, an investigation into the incident is still ongoing. It is unclear whether or not Flowers will face any charges. 
This is the second such incident in only a week in which a police officer accidentally fired their weapon endangering the lives of children. Last week, the Free Thought Project reported on the Ohio cop who fired his weapon into a daycare center while it was fully occupied. 
Despite the officer clearly admitting to committing the misdemeanor offense of discharging a firearm within city limits, police have yet to charge him. 
'Right now our law department has it and they are reviewing it to see if there should be any charges,” Police Chief Jack Davis said last Wednesday morning. 
'It was a very unfortunate incident for the school, as well as him,” he added. 
Outside of skating out of the misdemeanor charge so far, this officer also seems to be avoiding the felony offense of discharging a weapon in a gun-free school zone. 
Imagine for a moment that you were showing off your pistol to friends at a Halloween party and all of the sudden, you accidentally squeeze off a round and shoot your own daughter. 
There are two possible scenarios that would take place; the first one being that a SWAT team responds and you are killed. The second, less lethal result would be your inevitable arrest and charges of public endangerment, unlawful discharge, illegal use of a firearm, assault with a deadly weapon, terrorism, or a myriad of other charges associated with sending a deadly projectile hurling through a wall and into a child. You would immediately be facing fines, jail time, probation, and firearms restrictions. 
However, if you are a government agent who's trusted with carrying a deadly weapon into places others cannot, you needn't worry about any of those repercussions. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share

ARTICLE

Home / BREAKING NEWS / DAPL Protesters Proven Right as Largest Gas Pipeline in U.S. Experiences Massive and Deadly Explosion DAPL Protesters Proven Right as Largest Gas Pipeline in U.S. Experiences Massive and Deadly Explosion Claire Bernish November 1, 2016 Leave a comment 
A massive explosion of a gas pipeline in Shelby County, Alabama — near the site where the same pipeline leaked some 336,000 gallons of gasoline just last month — evidences the exact reason activists and Native American water protectors oppose the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline over 1,400 miles to the northwest. 
One person was killed and at least five people were injured in the blast — tentatively described as an accident — as Colonial Pipeline shut down operations black smoke billowed, sending millions into a panic over the abrupt and unexpected coming gas shortage. 
'Our deepest condolences go out tonight to the family and friends of the person who was lost today, and our thoughts and prayers are with those who were injured,” Colonial said in a statement, reported NBC News . 
Cited by the Chicago Tribune , Alabama Governor Robert Bentley said the explosion occurred roughly a mile west of last month's rupture, adding of the likely crippling shortage of fuel, 'We'll just hope and pray for the best.” 
'It appears to have been an accident, and they're allowing fuel to burn,” Bentley told WBRC . 'It's about one mile west of where the repair took place on the Colonial Pipeline just recently.” #LiveOn3340 : @BrianPia3340 reports on Colonial Pipeline company history after today's explosion in Shelby County https://t.co/6JjMNC6sce pic.twitter.com/Y8nT2Wo81s 
— ABC 33/40 News (@abc3340) October 31, 2016 
Refined gas poured from the pipeline as workers rushed to construct a 75-foot-long 'earthen dam' to contain the flaming spill, where fuel will then be allowed to burn itself out. Dry tinder from an ongoing drought in the area quickly ignited two wildfires after the explosion — which then charred 31 acres — and area residents were forced to evacuate without any indication when they would be permitted to return. 
'There's a large plume of smoke; there's a large fire,” noted Shelby County Sheriff's Captain Jeff Hartley, as quoted by the Chicago Tribune . 'We're not sure exactly how it started or what caused it,” he said, adding of the massive deployment of fire and emergency personnel, 'We've got first responders entering the area, and a lot of them.” 
Apart from the worker killed, subsequent reports downplayed the extent of injuries suffered by those at the blast site, AL.com reported seven of the 'eight or nine” subcontractors working in the area had suffered severe burns from the explosion. According to Shelby County Sheriff John Samaniego, two of those workers — all of whom had begun digging in an effort to flush one of the lines as repairs continued on the original leak — may still be missing , though that information was both unconfirmed and unclear because extreme heat from flames emanating at the site of the explosion prevented further assessment. 
Colonial noted in a brief statement cited by a local ABC affiliate that both pipelines — one transporting gasoline, the other distillates, had been shut down, and, further, 
'Colonial's top priorities are the health and safety of the work crew on site and protection of the public.” 
According to a later report from Reuters , the fire had been 'contained' by around 9 pm local time — yet no further word about the possibly-missing subcontractors has been provided. Incredible video of the Colonial Pipeline leak from Ryan Burtis. Our thoughts & prayers to all pic.twitter.com/NUOdoaW7O5 
— WBRC FOX6 News (@WBRCnews) October 31, 2016 
Fears of yet another gas shortage akin to that from the September leak — as well as consequent soaring prices — spawned lengthy lines at gas stations as soon as news of the explosion hit headlines. Reuters explains: 
'Colonial, the biggest refined products system in the United States, is responsible for supplying about one-third of the 3.2 million barrels per day of gasoline consumed on the East Coast, according to U.S. Energy Department data.” 
Further, 'It was not clear whether the explosion happened on the gasoline or the distillates pipeline, the governor said in the briefing.” 
Although the aforementioned details handily summarize the facts of the explosion — occurring during active repairs of the previous, sizeable leak — the facts do little to quantify potential environmental and health impacts of an explosion and leak of this magnitude. 
This explosion of a major pipeline supplying fuel to large portions of the Southeast and East coast serves an ominous portent for ongoing opposition to construction of the hotly contentious Dakota Access Pipeline slated to cross four states, traversing just north of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation in North Dakota. 
Standing Rock Sioux water protectors and Native Americans and Indigenous peoples from over 200 nations and their supporters fear that pipeline's route — undercutting the Missouri River in several places — threatens to poison the tribal water supply and that of no less than 18 million others living downstream. Indeed, the Colonial Pipeline's tragic mishap — the second in essentially the same section of pipe in about one month — darkly parallels the hundreds of similar accidents such pipelines are prone to. 
Residents of Bismarck, aware of Big Oil's horrendous safety record, managed to thwart Energy Transfer Partners' original plans for the pipeline to be routed near the city — so ETP, with assistance from the State, diverted Dakota Access to cross just north of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation on privately-owned land. 
Rightly viewed by pipeline opponents as blatant exploitation of Native Americans — as well as a violation of an 1851 treaty with the U.S. government — Standing Rock Sioux water protectors and supporters have camped along the Missouri for months in an effort to halt construction as a lawsuit languishes in federal court. 
Big Oil, Big Banks , and government backers obviously view future profiteering from the pipeline important enough to send in absurdly militarized police from at least five states to combat pipeline opponents — who have remained on the whole peaceful, prayerful, and unarmed. 
ETP insists the opposition is misguided and Dakota Access offers a safe alternative to the 'riskier' oil transportation methods of railroad and tanker truck — but even the company's own records listing thousands of spills in just the last six years flatly dispute such claims. Worse, although pipeline leaks and spills might technically be less frequent than those caused by railroad accidents, the International Energy Agency notes pipeline mishaps leaked three times more crude over an eight-year period. 
In fact, Big Oil's general safety record is nearly impossible to fully track, in part because such spills, leaks, explosions, and other accidents are startlingly common and no less perilous to workers, residents, the environment — and, yes, the rapidly dwindling water supply. 
A report by the Center for Effective Government attempting to map and quantify crude and other industry spills found not only are 'ruptures and leaks a daily occurrence,” but 'Eighty people have died and 389 have been injured in such incidents in the last five years. 
'Since 2010, over 3,300 incidents of crude oil and liquefied natural gas leaks or ruptures have occurred on U.S. pipelines. These incidents have killed 80 people, injured 389 more, and cost $2.8 billion in damages. They also released toxic, polluting chemicals in local soil, waterways, and air.” 
According to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, as noted in the report , those spills and ruptures sent 7 million gallons of crude into the environment. Further illustrating the imperative to oppose construction of Dakota Access, one of the worst spills occurred in North Dakota — not by human error or poor maintenance — but when lightning struck a crude oil pipeline, spilling 840,000 gallons of crude into a wheat field in 2013. 
While the oil and gas industry and its wealthy proponents in government would attempt to pull the wool over the public's eyes about pipeline safety, using crafty language and skewed statistics, the truth is, no safe manner for transporting oil and gas actually exists. 
Opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline simply isn't confined to a Native American issue, as exploitive as that facet is — but when pipelines traverse pristine lands, farm acreage, and the rivers and waterways we depend on to sustain us, we're all at risk. 
What scant corporate media coverage of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe's stand against Big Oil does exist has painted the fight as limited in scope; but thousands encamped along the pipeline's planned route — who face an unusually bitter winter , no less — are in fact taking a stand for every person and every creature who would be devastated in the event of a future oil spill. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Not Just Hillary, Entire Obama Administration Exposed for Using Private Email to Avoid FOIA Requests Not Just Hillary, Entire Obama Administration Exposed for Using Private Email to Avoid FOIA Requests Jack Burns November 1, 2016 Leave a comment 
Wikileaks is helping President Obama keep his 2008 campaign promise — to be the most transparent administration in U.S. history — whether he likes it or not. And, once again, we're learning more about the inner sanctum of the administration and its communication practices. As FBI Director James Comey announced Friday, a new investigation into Hillary Clinton's email scandal has been launched, just days before the presidential election. Comey's move drew fire instantly from the Democrats who claim Comey is attempting to sway the election in Donald Trump's favor. While many are focused on Comey's actions and renewed investigation, Wikileaks has uncovered what may prove to be a systemic problem of executive branch accountability not merely limited to the former secretary of state's emails. 
According to former State Department official Tom Nides, in a 2015 email to John Podesta (Clinton campaign manager), everyone in Obama's cabinet and every White House staffer uses their personal email for government business. Nides should know as he worked under Hillary Clinton in the State Department from 2011 to 2013, according to one source . 
While keeping email hidden from the public may seem like no big deal to folks who simply don't care, ALL correspondence which is related to governmental business is the property of the federal government and is supposed to be accessible by anyone wishing to inquire within the archive of records. 
The Federal Records Act defines a record as anything, 'regardless of whether it exists in physical, digital, or electronic form, is a record as defined in subsection (a) shall be binding on all Federal agencies.” This includes all communication of state agents (like the POTUS) who work in the executive branch of government, as well. 
But the Obama administration, according to Nides, has long since avoided the Federal Records Act by using private Gmail accounts. Nides wrote Podesta and said, 'There is only one thing that needs to be done on this email thing. (Which I am sure nobody wants to do). Get a state dept career lawyer to go through all the emails and pull the official ones.” That admission seems to be on the level with what is expected for compliance with the Federal Records Act. But it was Nides' next admission which is the talk of many major media outlets. 
Nides wrote, 'Btw you know as well as I every god damn cabinet officer and WH staff uses their [sic] gmail account!” The former Department of State employee revealed what many already suspected. The Obama administration is anything but transparent. Just ask Tom Fitton, president of Judicial Watch. His organization routinely sues the Obama administration in federal court using the Freedom of Information Act as warrant for inquiry, and says the administration stonewalls his efforts at every turn. Fitton's organization gave the Obama administration a failing grade on transparency and says his administration is even less transparent than when Bush was president. 
Fitton wrote in 2015 , 'There are about 18 lawsuits, 10 of which are active in federal court, and about 160 Judicial Watch FOIA requests that could be affected by Mrs. Clinton and her staff's use of secret email accounts to conduct official government business. In our various FOIA lawsuits, our lawyers have informed attorneys for the Obama administration that Hillary Clinton's account and any other secret accounts used by State employees should be secured, recovered and searched.” JW actively seeks out those files through official methods, using FOIA and the Federal Records Act, but has been met with delay after delay from FOIA requests to the Obama administration. 
While the Obama administration is on its way out, groups like Judicial Watch aren't going anywhere, and presumably have all the time in the world to FOIA their way into digging up those deleted Clinton emails, as well as securing Gmail accounts from the Obama administration cabinet and staffers. This story is definitely a long way from being over. 
It's no wonder why so many free thinkers are now questioning the story lines they're being told. With the president and all his men (and women), hiding their communications within their Gmail accounts, the truth is never going to be told, at least not the real truth. And by the time organizations like Judicial Watch are successful in obtaining the electronic communications records that rightly belong to the people, it will be way too late to hold anyone accountable for breaking both the Federal Records Act and the Freedom of Information Act. Julian Assange, we salute you. Thank you for forcing the Obama administration to be transparent. Keep up the valiant work! Share

ARTICLE

DAPL Protesters Proven Right as Largest Gas Pipeline in U.S. Experiences Massive and Deadly Explosion Home / Badge Abuse / Dashcam: Chief Caught Doing Over 100 mph Only for Fellow Cops to Stop Him and Laugh About It Dashcam: Chief Caught Doing Over 100 mph Only for Fellow Cops to Stop Him and Laugh About It Claire Bernish November 1, 2016 Leave a comment 
Brinkley, AR — Dashcam video showing preferential treatment of an Arkansas police chief has him scrambling to defend himself for being let off easy — without so much as a warning — after speeding to an off-duty job as a referee at a football game. 
Footage obtained by THV11 from Arkansas State Police following a viewer tip, shows Brinkley Police Chief Edward Randle being pulled over in his personal vehicle, a red pickup truck, near Clarendon on Friday, October 21. 
A state trooper assisted an officer from the Brinkley force upon request, and makes a U-turn after witnessing the speeding red pickup driving in the opposite direction, to make the stop. 
As the trooper approaches the driver's side, dashcam video shows he immediately recognized the Brinkley chief of police, and laughingly asks, 'Where are you going so fast?” 
Randle — obviously familiar to the state trooper — isn't asked to produce identification, and tells the officer he's headed for the game, which he later clarified for THV11 was the Clarendon-Marvell football game. 
At that point, the Brinkley officer, who had summoned state police for assistance with the stop, also approaches Randle — as the trooper tells the chief the officer had been tailing him for miles when he finally called for assistance. 
'I know you didn't call the State Police!” Randle quips to the Brinkley officer. 
'I didn't have your plate,” the officer replies, 'so it didn't go over.” 
As THV11 posits, that statement 'could indicate that, since the officer did not announce the truck's license plate number into his radio, nobody else would know the chief had been pulled over.” 
The trio laughs about the chief's excessive speed, and the officer tells him, 'I had you locked in at 107.” 
'It won't do 107. It'll only do 95,” Randle responds, referring to a governor capping his truck's speed, as he later explained to THV11 in an unrecorded interview. 
After a few more laughs, the officer tells Randle he measured the truck's speed over 90 miles an hour — and the chief was still pulling away at the time. 
Despite the obvious dangers of such high speeds on the narrow, curvy road, both the trooper and Brinkley officer simply walk away from the truck, as the officer says dismissively, 'See you later, Chief.” 
Video captures the last exchange between the two cops as Randle pulls away — the state trooper notes he clocked the chief doing '71 at the curve.” 
In two phone interviews with THV11 — which were not recorded, by request — Randle disputes he ever came close to the truck's alleged top possible speed of 95, as well as the trooper's claim in dashcam footage he had been rounding the curve at 71 mph. 
Additionally, 'Though the state trooper claimed that the officer had been pursuing Randle for miles, Randle told THV11 that the officer was on his way to Clarendon to get fingerprints from someone at the county jail.” 
THV11 spoke with local business owner, Benjamin Martin, who first noticed the stop by a Brinkley officer inside Clarendon city limits. 
'I find it, you know, very disheartening, that anyone, public official or not, would show such blatant disregard for the speed limit, and put the lives of innocent others at risk,” Martin told the station in a video interview. 
'I just feel that no one's above the law, and you know, if it was me, I would've gotten a ticket.” 
Indeed, the public might be lucky the off-duty Brinkley police chief didn't lose control of his vehicle while traveling at such a high rate of speed — simply to make it to a football game. 
Neither the Brinkley officer nor the state trooper are being investigated for wrongdoing — despite giving the chief a free pass. Arkansas State Police told THV11 the incident fell under control of the Brinkley Police Department as soon as the officer arrived on scene, even though the trooper affected the stop. 
'As a chief of police, and as a law enforcement officer, you're sworn to protect and serve,” Martin asserted, 'which is the opposite of putting the lives of others at risk.” 
Although nothing serious resulted from Randle's excessive speeds, it was notorious blue privilege that allowed him to drive away without even a warning. 
These seemingly small favors afforded to police by police on a constant basis highlight the divide civilians feel in their encounters with law enforcement. Indeed, the idea police belong to an exclusive club of impunity — simply because of their chosen occupation — only increases tension and resentment in their communities. 
If police don't uphold and enforce the laws they enforce against civilians, the law becomes an arbitrary, exploitive method for generating revenue — and nothing more. Share Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Cop Caught on His Own Body Camera Stealing Money From Unconscious Crash Victim Cop Caught on His Own Body Camera Stealing Money From Unconscious Crash Victim Matt Agorist November 1, 2016 1 Comment 
Denver, CO — A Denver cop has been arrested and suspended without pay after his own body camera footage caught him stealing $1,200 in cash from a crash victim. 
Instead of helping an unconscious crash victim, officer Julian Archuleta took advantage of the situation for his own personal gain by going through the man's clothing and robbing him. Archuleta now faces charges of misdemeanor theft, 1st-degree official misconduct and tampering with physical evidence. 
According to an arrest affidavit, Archuleta responded to a call of shots fired in the early morning hours of October 7. The call then led to a short pursuit which ended as the car crashed. The driver got away while the passenger of the vehicle was knocked unconscious. 
Archuleta's body camera then recorded the officer for the next 24 minutes and 40 seconds. In the footage, he took pictures of the scene and then searched the man's clothing which had been removed by paramedics. 
In the video, Archuleta finds a stack of cash in the man's pants with a $100 bill on top, according to the arrest affidavit. He then separates the $100 bill from the stack and a $1 bill remains on top. 
Throughout the footage, Archuleta shuffles money and rearranges paperwork in his patrol car, the affidavit said. 
According to the Denver Post, when a detective collected the cash and logged it into the property bureau as evidence, he counted $118 and did not find any $100 bills, the affidavit said. But while reviewing Archuleta's body camera footage as part of the investigation, the detective noticed the $100 bill. 
Amazingly enough, instead of covering up the theft, the detective crossed the thin blue line and reported the inconsistency with the $100 bill to internal affairs. When confronted by investigators, Archuleta told them he would 'check his war bag” to see if any of the money had slipped into a crevice in his patrol car. 
According to the arrest affidavit, Archuleta called the detective back an hour later and claimed he found 12 $100 bills that 'must have fallen in his bag.” After being caught red-handed, Archuleta then turned in the money. 
According to the Post, the Denver district attorney's office declined to prosecute the shooting suspect because of the missing cash and because Archuleta allegedly moved evidence inside the suspect's vehicle before detectives had a search warrant, the affidavit said. 
Earlier this year, the Denver police department was equipped with body cameras. We now know why it took so long for the department to adopt them. Archuleta will now go down in history as the first Denver cop to be criminally charged based on body camera evidence. 
Like most cases of police theft, this incident is not isolated. In fact, just 2 months ago, Grants Police Department Sgt. Roshern C. McKinney, 33, was arrested after an investigation found that he'd stolen both money and marijuana from the police department. Like Archuleta, he entire theft was captured on the officer's own body camera. McKinney has since been charged with marijuana distribution, conspiracy, and felony embezzlement. 
State police also charged McKinney's 23-year-old girlfriend Tanicka Gallegos-Gonzales, for drug distribution and conspiracy. Both were arrested in Albuquerque and booked into the Sandoval County Detention Center, according to KOB. 
Public Information Officer for the New Mexico State Police, Elizabeth Armijo said Grants police chief, Craig Vandiver alerted state police after the department found video from Mckinney's lapel camera that 'exposed possible illicit activity by a Grants Police Department sergeant.” 
What does it say about the criminal tendency of some police officers when they are unable to practice restraint from theft — knowing that they are being recorded? Share Google + The Kali Whrite Boi 
Ok am NOT cool with corrupt criminal cops, but still this MSM puppet is infuriating. This 'civilian” was fleeing a scene of 'shots fired” leading the cop in a short chase before crashing. 
Stupid MSM puppets.

ARTICLE

Elon Musk to Completely Revolutionize the Energy Industry with New Tesla Solar Roof Home / BREAKING NEWS / New Clinton Probe Dead from the Start, John Podesta's Best Friend at DOJ In Charge of Investigation New Clinton Probe Dead from the Start, John Podesta's Best Friend at DOJ In Charge of Investigation Claire Bernish November 1, 2016 Leave a comment 
Late on Friday evening, the FBI announced the reopening of its investigation of Hillary Clinton and her opprobrious emails, and the Department of Justice quickly followed suit on Monday, vowing to 'dedicate all needed resources to quickly review emails in [the] Clinton case,” according to a tweet by the Associated Press . BREAKING: Justice Dept. says it'll dedicate all needed resources to quickly review emails in Clinton case. 
— The Associated Press (@AP) October 31, 2016 
Both announcements, made after Clinton aid Huma Abedin's emails were discovered on estranged husband Anthony Weiner's computer, come amid growing internal contention, as the FBI and DOJ parse out how to deal with the pressure of a rapidly approaching presidential election, as well as public perception the original investigation had been purposely bumbled in favor of the Democratic nominee. 
However welcome or unwelcome the news of reopened investigations might be, one major detail — revealed in Wikileaks ongoing publications of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta's emails — presents evidence the Justice Department's probe could amount to little more than a smoke screen to placate an irate public. 
Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik promised Congress in a letter the Justice Department 'will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible.” #BREAKING Senior DOJ official sends letter to lawmakers responding to request for more information about email review. #8days pic.twitter.com/PCgT2ODkQd 
— Just the Facts (@JTF_News) October 31, 2016 
Perhaps that vow, from a government branch putatively dedicated to ensuring the criminal element is duly punished for misbehavior, should reassure those increasingly suspicious of an obviously-rigged system. 
Perhaps, before Wikileaks revealed interdepartmental communications and corruption, that promise might have held weight beyond a symbolic gesture of obligation — but as Podesta's emails reveal, it's entirely possible this reopened investigation is failed from the start. 
Kadzik, in fact, maintains a cozy enough relationship with Podesta to have had dinner with the Clinton insider just one day after the former secretary of state testified before the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October. 
And the pair's familiarity isn't held to a simple dinner party, as the Daily Caller reported , 'Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta's birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik's son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign.” 
So, Kadzik — an extremely close friend to the chair of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign — is tasked with heading the newly reopened investigation of Hillary Clinton. 
Clinton couldn't ask for an arrangement better situated to again find insufficient evidence worthy of bringing charges against her. As far as conflicts of interest go, this takes the cake. 
'The political appointees in the Obama administration, especially in the Department of Justice, appear to be very partisan in nature and I don't think had clean hands when it comes to the investigation of the private email server,” executive director of the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust, Matthew Whitaker, told the Daily Caller . 
If political wranglings and connections marred transparency and neutrality the first time around, it would be reasonable to assume the players haven't since magically unentangled themselves from Clinton and her campaign mere days before Americans take to the polls. 
'It's the kind of thing the American people are frustrated about is that the politically powerful have insider access and have these kind of relationships that ultimately appear to always break to the benefit of Hillary Clinton,” Whitaker continued, also noting the controversial meeting between Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch on an airport tarmac in Phoenix during the DOJ's previous investigation. 
In fact, Kadzik, as an Obama appointee to the Justice Department beginning in 2013, also initiated the effort to have Loretta Lynch appointed to the role of Attorney General. 
And the friendship between Kadzik and Podesta — as well as their connections to the Obama administration and additional officials overseeing the Clinton investigation — spans decades. 
In 2008, for example, as the Washington Free Beacon reported from one of the leaked emails, Podesta emailed an Obama campaign official to recommend Kadzik have a supportive role in Obama's presidential campaign — particularly because the latter was a 'fantastic lawyer” who managed to keep Podesta 'out of jail.” 
Although Kadzik, as head of the Office of Legislative Affairs, does not have a direct role in 'chain of command' for the Clinton investigation, he does field inquiries from Congress concerning her emails. 
Noted by the Daily Caller , in 'November, he denied a request from Republican lawmakers to appoint a special counsel to lead the investigation,” which sparked outrage by the GOP over potential conflicts of interest. 
Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis voiced particular concerns about Lynch's longtime connections to the Clintons in a February 1, 2016 letter , and that Obama's appointees 'are being asked to impartially execute their respective duties as Department of Justice officials that may involve an investigation into the activities of the forerunner for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States.” 
While the Daily Caller 's report goes much further in depth concerning the relationships of Podesta and Kadzik with the Clintons and their insiders, it can be easily surmised in even a simple perusal of facts there could be no possible way an investigation this critical — and with resounding implications — would maintain any semblance of impartiality. 
When Julian Assange vociferously denounces the U.S. electoral and political systems as rigged beyond repair, these connections are precisely what he's referring to. 
It might calm an irate public to hear an investigation had to be reopened — but when the effort involves the same players as the first round, the outcome is all-too predictable. Share Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Prominent Psychologist Says, 'Google has power to control elections, can shift millions of votes to Clinton' Prominent Psychologist Says, 'Google has power to control elections, can shift millions of votes to Clinton' The Free Thought Project November 1, 2016 1 Comment 
(RT) — People trust the 'unbiased” internet search giant Google so much it can actually influence up to 10 million undecided voters to choose Hillary Clinton for president, prominent US psychologist and author Robert Epstein told RT following years of research. 
Despite being a supporter of the Democratic presidential nominee, Dr. Epstein believes Google's unchecked algorithm of placing one candidate over the other in search results constitutes a 'threat to democracy.” 
RT: Robert, how did you discover that Google is possibly in cahoots with the Clinton campaign? 
RE: Well I didn't find out that they were necessarily supporting Hillary Clinton, that's not what I found at first. First, through several years of research, I found that they had the power to control elections, the power to shift the votes. So, that was more than four years of experimental research with more than 10,000 people in 39 countries. 
So, we established through some very careful experiments that by favoring one candidate in search rankings Google can shift a lot of votes. More than 20 percent of undecided voters overall, and in some demographic groups up to 80 percent of undecided voters. People trust search rankings so much that if one candidate is favored in search rankings that shifts peoples' votes. 
Now, more recently, many people have established that Google has a very close relationship with Hillary Clinton. That didn't come from my research, that came from all kinds of investigative research by many people. 
RT: Are you going to take a look at Facebook and Twitter as well? It looks like social media play an even bigger role in the elections than televised debates. 
RE: Well, we know now that Facebook has the power to shift about 600,000 votes to Hillary Clinton on Election Day with no one knowing this is occurring. All they have to do is send out 'Go out and vote” reminders to Hillary Clinton's supporters, but not to Trump's supporters. That would cause a lot of people to vote who would otherwise stay home. So yes, we've looked at Facebook, we've looked at Twitter. But again, Facebook can shift 600,000 votes, Google can shift somewhere between 2.6 and 10.4 million votes. 
RT: Have you been able to find abnormal search results by Google in some other countries intended to influence the outcome of elections? 
RE: We haven't look carefully at too many countries. We've looked at the UK election in 2015, we looked at the national election in India, at the Lok Sabha election in 2014. What we do know is that it is the nature of Google's algorithm to put one candidate ahead of another. That happens automatically. That happens, as Google would say, organically. So, this means that Google's algorithm has probably been determining the outcomes of close elections around the world for many years, probably actually controlling the winner in as many as 25 percent of the national elections of the world. 
RT: What do you think about this threat of big data? Do you think Google and other search engines analyses all search results by an individual for a good purpose? 
RE: Well, big data at the moment is a threat. It's a threat to democracy, at least as we have it in the United States, it's a threat to human freedom, it's a threat to civil liberties. This is mainly because the technologies are very new, and new means of control, of surveillance, of manipulation are being developed which at the moment are not regulated – they're not covered by any laws or regulations. So, the problem is that these technologies have developed quickly, and we have not developed systems for monitoring these technologies, we've not developed systems for regulating these technologies. Obviously, we must do so. 
RT: You've said that unlike Europe, Russia and China were able to overcome the Google monopoly, but a lot of people are still using this search engine. Do you think that the US company can manipulate public opinion in Russia as well? 
RE: Well, it's hard for them to manipulate opinion if they don't dominate that country. Google dominates most of the countries in the world. The only countries it doesn't dominate are Russia and China. So, Russia and China are protected a little bit from Google, but Russia and China have their own problems. Russia has Yandex, China has Baidu, and these companies can use techniques just as the ones that Google is using and perhaps they're already using these techniques. These techniques can be used by any big tech company that provides a search engine. These techniques can be used by any big tech company that provides search suggestions. 
My newest research shows, for example, that Google seems to be favoring Hillary Clinton in its search suggestions, the suggestions it gives you when you first start to type an item, and from new research I've done, we know that if you suppress negative search suggestions from one candidate, that shifts votes and opinions towards that candidate. So, Google is not the only problem. Any of these big tech companies can use these techniques for surveillance, for manipulation, for control, and I think we have to be concerned about the big tech industries in general around the world, not just Google. 
RT: How do you oppose such great power being wielded by one corporation like Google? 
RE: Well, the problem with a lot of power being in the hands of one company is that the private company is not answerable to the public. The private company does not have people who we voted on. The private company might be run almost like a monarchy, with the CEO having enormous power and the public having no say whatsoever in what they do, even not having access to their internal records. So we would have no idea of exactly what they're doing or how they're doing it and how they're making decisions. This is potentially very dangerous. The situation right now is unprecedented in human history. There has never been so much power placed in the hands of so few people who are beyond the reach of any laws, beyond the reach of any regulations, and who don't necessarily have the public interest in mind. 
RT: What about Donald Trump? In your opinion, what methods and tricks has Donald Trump and his loyal media used in this presidential race? 
RE: Well, I've said in writing, repeatedly and in many interviews that I'm a very strong supporter of Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton is by far the better candidate, Donald Trump is a very weak candidate, he would not make a good leader, he would not make a good president. Plus, I know people in his family, it makes no sense to me that he is even running for president, I don't think he wants to be president! I think he just wants to increase his celebrity so that he can start his own television network, and I think that steps are now already being taken for him to do that. 
The private company might be run almost like a monarchy, with the CEO having enormous power and the public having no say whatsoever in what they do, even not having access to their internal records. So we would have no idea of exactly what they're doing or how they're doing it and how they're making decisions. This is potentially very dangerous. 
I made a prediction on Twitter recently, you can check this: I not only have predicted that he will set up his own television network but that he will launch his network with a guaranteed hit show. It will be a reality TV show about Donald Trump running for president, and that will be a hit show, so I think that's his only interest here. Hillary Clinton will become our next president, it's guaranteed and in my opinion Donald Trump has no interest, never had any interest in becoming president. 
RT: Do you believe that Hillary Clinton will become US president through the manipulation of public opinion? 
RE: Oh, Hillary Clinton is guaranteed to win this election, and I have said previously based on polls that seem to show a kind of a close vote, that those polls did not take into account the power that Google and other companies have to shift votes. That's missing from these polls. So, once you realize the power that these companies have, Hillary Clinton is absolutely guaranteed to win, and she will win in the margin of somewhere between 2.6 million and 10 million votes. If we take the mean, the average of those two numbers, I guess you could say it's pretty clear that she will win by approximately 6.5 million votes. 
RT: Given that the United States has such an expensive and powerful media industry, would you say that voters in the US have a real picture of the presidential campaign? 
RE: Well, voters in the United States I think do get a pretty good picture because we have so many different kinds of media and people are just bombarded with information from newspapers, magazines and the internet, more than 400 different television channels. So I think we do get a pretty complex and deep picture of things, but you have to remember that all of these forms of media are competitive. So, we're getting one perspective from one magazine, another perspective from another magazine. 
But when you come to something like Google, there's no competition. There's no competitor. It's a completely different kind of influence, it's non-competitive. In other words, if you're still trying to make up your mind and you go to Google and ask a question about the candidates or about some sort of issue related to the election, Google will show you whatever it wants to show you and that can easily, easily tip your opinion one way or the other and there's no competitor, there's no way for anyone to compensate what Google just told you. 
So, this is a completely new and very dangerous kind of influence. It has no competition, there's no corrective for it, and people trust Google – we know this from surveys – people trust Google more than they trust any newspaper, any magazine or any television station. People trust information that they get from a computer much more than information they're getting from television or a newspaper because they know that television and newspapers are biased, because they know that people are actually giving them the information. But when they get information out of a computer they mistakenly believe that that information is impartial, that information is objective and of course, that's not really true, but that's what people believe.

ARTICLE

Cop Fired After Shooting Own 11-year-old Daughter at a Halloween Party Home / BREAKING NEWS / Breaking: Podesta Told Mills 'Dump All Those Emails' on Day News of Clinton's Private Email Server Broke Breaking: Podesta Told Mills 'Dump All Those Emails' on Day News of Clinton's Private Email Server Broke Jay Syrmopoulos November 1, 2016 1 Comment 
Washington, D.C. – In what could prove to be the proverbial nail in the coffin of Hillary Clinton's presidential ambitions, an email released by WikiLeaks this morning – the 25th batch of emails from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta – reveals potential criminal intent to violate a court order for subpoenaed documents. 
John Podesta sent the message only hours after the New York Times reported that Clinton might have violated federal records requirements by using the server, according to the latest batch of Podesta emails released by WikiLeaks. 
The email in question , sent by Podesta on March 2, 2015, reveals the Clinton campaign chair directing Cheryl Mills, Hillary's attorney and Chief of Staff, to destroy emails that had already been subpoenaed. 
The email exchange between Podesta and Mills came suspiciously on the same day that news broke regarding Clinton's use of a private email server. 
After news of Clinton's private email server became public, Podesta wrote to Mills: 'Not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails so better to do so sooner than later,” Podesta told Mills. Mills responded: 'Think you just got your new nick name.” 
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out exactly what Podesta meant by 'dump” the emails, when taking into account the fact that this was transpiring just as news of the private server was breaking. What this email does is provide insight into the coverup process — and exposes a willful intent to break the law. Additionally, it reveals exactly how swiftly the Clinton camp moved to obscure the truth from both investigators and the public alike. 
According to a report by the New York Post : 
In December 2014, Hillary Clinton — now the Democratic presidential nominee — turned over about 55,000 pages of work-related email to the State Department, but that fact wasn't revealed until the Times reported on her use of the private server. 
On March 10, 2015 — a week after the Podesta-Mills exchange — Clinton addressed the email scandal, and announced she had deleted about 30,000 personal emails. 
The email's reference to 'Lanny” is likely in reference to lawyer Lanny Davis, who served as special counsel to then-President Bill Clinton, as well as spokesperson for the President and the White House on matters regarding campaign-finance investigations and other legal issues. 
Interestingly, Zero Hedge reports that a search for Lanny Davis reveals a suspicious exchange between Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook and Podesta from March 8, 2015, just days after the above mentioned exchange in which Mook tells Podesta: 
'We gotta zap Lanny out of our universe. Can't believe he committed her to a private review of her hard drive on TV.” 
Hillary's team was apparently upset that Bill Clinton's special counsel was engaging in a transparent course of action, and moved to 'zap Lanny out of our universe.” 
While it isn't clearly spelled out exactly which emails Podesta is referring to in his email, the fact that he wrote 'better do so sooner than later,” on the day news broke publicly regarding Clinton's email server, strongly indicates that the actions were a responsive measure meant to obscure any investigation into the matter. 
Clinton's entire narrative regarding her private email server has seemingly unraveled, and her methodical plan to strategically impede the State Department/FBI investigation, by deleting the evidence, is now on full display for the public to see. 
Hopefully WikiLeaks' next upcoming Podesta email dumps can provide even further context to this already damning email. Of course, Hillary's spin doctors are hard at work thinking up a new narrative to work around this latest revelation regarding the willful attempt by Clinton's team to usurp a federal investigation. 
Mainstream media is trying to censor this information, so please share this story to overcome corporate censorship and to expose the truth! Share Google + T. Mohr 
Thank God! The whole lot of them will go down together. Liers the lot of them, proven today.  

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Community Outraged After Video Shows a Cop Throwing Down a 16yo Girl Community Outraged After Video Shows a Cop Throwing Down a 16yo Girl Matt Agorist September 8, 2016 32 Comments 
Asheville, NC — A video posted to Facebook this week has the internet in an uproar as it shows an Asheville police officer allegedly assaulting a 16-year-old girl. 
The video shows a short interaction between 16-year-old Kacee Fleming and officer Shalin Oza. According to Cherrell Mooney, the woman who took the video, Fleming approached police as they were arresting her brother, Dominic Fore. According to APD, they had a warrant for Fore's arrest. 
'She was asking them, 'Why are y'all arresting my brother?'” Mooney said. 'The officer was being rude, they didn't want to talk to them.” 
The video apparently shows the aftermath of this questioning as the officer grabs Fleming and throws her to the ground. 
According to police, Fleming yelled at officers and allegedly reached into her brother's pockets to retrieve his personal items as he was being arrested. Fleming's actions then caused officers to have to 'deal with” her. The video is the result of Fleming apparently being dealt with. 
According to police, Fleming was arrested and charged as an adult for resisting, obstructing or delaying an officer. Sgt. Noland Brown, who was on the scene, also told News 13 that she is charged with misdemeanor assault on a government official. 
'I have no trust in the police anymore,” said Crystal Fleming , Kasee's mother. According to News 13, she says her daughter was trying to communicate with police before the incident, to tell them that Fore had just gotten 'out of (the) ICU.” 
'She is not trying to be disrespectful,” said Crystal Fleming. 'But y'all are not listening. They were not listening.” 
'You wonder why people are running around here saying 'Black lives matter,'” she continues. 'That's why. Because they really don't think our lives matter, because he could have pulled her to the side, talked to her. He didn't even do none of that.” 
According to police, they were there for another incident, but when they saw Fore, they decided to arrest him too. 
The Asheville Police Department released the following statement: 
The Asheville Police Department has viewed the video circulating on social media regarding the arrest of a 16-year-old female on the evening of September 5, 2016. 
The nine second video is only a small portion of a much longer incident. 
The Asheville Police Department is in the process of conducting a full administrative investigation that will review all evidence, including the video circulating on social media and body worn camera footage, in our review. 
The Asheville Police Department is dedicated to providing the best possible police service and upon completion of the review will take appropriate action, if deemed necessary. 
Anyone with additional video footage or information regarding this incident is encouraged to contact our Professional Standards Office at (828) 259-5907. 
According to News 13, when they requested the body cam video from the scene that night, they were denied. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share Google + Keysbum 
ooooh…. the adrenaline rush that brave heroic cop must have enjoyed after overpowering that dangerous villainous little girl. he can proudly puff his chest out after that one! Nishi 
The disturbing thing is that they actually do that. They feel good about doing this kind of thing. They are convinced that what they are doing is morally just and necessary. Reminds me of Hobbes:'To this war of every man against every man this also is consequent, that nothing can be unjust. The notions of right and wrong, justice and injustice, have there no place. Where there is no common power, there is no law; where no law, no injustice. Force and fraud are in war the two cardinal virtues.” Jonathan Sabo 
This is NOT about black ! It is about getting involved in a legal arrest ! Razedbywolvs 
No it's about black, because if it wasn't white people might get pissed enough to do something about it. That would not work out to well for the officers involved in 'legal” arrests. James Michael 
She had every right to require he state why he was being arrested ……and the officer had no lawful arrest……. she also had every right to free the man from being kidnapped by a traitor you retard….. 
NOW why was HE being arrested…. bruismenot 
What a lovely mouth that mother has! No wonder the kid has no respect for the law. Also, it looks like the kid was resisting including standing/stepping/stomping on the cop's left foot. Oh, well… gininitaly 
I looked at that video 4 times and never saw her 'stomp' on his precious foot… she was 16 and hardly 100lbs soaking wet, you're telling me that a big adult male couldn't contain her 'threat' without shoving her to the ground? bruismenot 
Unfortunately, Cops aren't psychic and they have to react quickly to protect themselves. The girl was obviously highly emotional when she approached the situation. One of the most dangerous times to interfere with police activity is during the arrest of a family member. 
It's easy to sit back and criticize the cop, but he doesn't know her intent, nor if in the dim light, she's carrying a weapon of some sort. You can't just go stomping up on an arrest situation, ignoring orders to stay back. 
Have you ever fought an emotionally charged 16 year old girl? They fight like wild cats! Just watch a video on you tube some time if you haven't. Age doesn't always matter and 16 year olds are adult sized. 
Cops don't put on the uniform to get hurt. Teach your children to respect the law, show respect yourself, and you won't have to worry about adult sized teenagers being thrown down by big mean cops. 
Also, maybe your device is better than mine, but it looks to me like the girl's foot lands on his left foot. I could be wrong in that. I'll look at it, again. gininitaly 
Hogwash, spoken like a cop of today who needs an excuse to brutalize, for profit or the pleasure of being a bully against the defenseless. 
Lumberjacks, farmers, EMTs, firemen and fishermen have more dangerous jobs than cops and I happen to be old enough to see my towns 30 years of service police chief retire without ever having fired a shot at a human being… and that was 30 yrs of drunks with guns, broken bottles or knives, belligerent, mouthy kids, family disputes and all the rest. So what's the difference between then and now, his talent and yours? ATTITUDE and the desire to deescalate situations, NOT intensify them to the point of murder. 
Since 9/11 and the Patriot Act they seem to have been given permission to make US citizens their victims instead of their friends, family and neighbors that they were once supposed to protect and serve. 
You will get no get out of jail free or pity cards from me. Cops today… or rather what's left after the good cops get fed up and quit or were drummed off the force. Because those that remain are drunk on their own power over people and revel in the violence that they create. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xF7AIf_a_E bruismenot 
I didn't say the cop did a great job. I didn't say that I would have reacted the same way. I didn't say that I thought the video looked fine. I was simply trying to give an explanation for what we saw on the video. gininitaly 
And just who gave you that job or why you thought that cop needed defending? You invented an aggression by that 16 yr old, complained about language, defended the cop no matter what the video actually showed and projected your prejudices onto the entire situation…. in my book that makes you a worthless witness who deals in fantasy not fact. No different than a lot of chicken chit Americans who think defending the police or government will get you a free ticket off of the Auschwitz express. You should never defend the indefensible. 
'All it takes for evil to prevail is for a few good men to do nothing.” bruismenot 
I take it we can't be friends, then? Stir up the SJWs all day long if you must. Who does anyone call if they get jacked, shot, stabbed or whatever? Next time you are the victim of a REAL crime, go ahead and call those same SJWs to save your bacon. See how many show up and how far you get. 
Lady, don't assume you know me. You don't know my story. If you did,we might could be friends. gininitaly 
I have no idea what a SJW is….. is that police jargon? I know one thing, I wouldn't be calling an American cop, they'd end up shooting my dog, my kid or me if they even managed to make it to the right address.. in some steroid induced adrenaline rush… I don't need those kinds of jacked up people in my life. You/they've lost all credibility as anything that could or would 'help', I'd ask a bystander for assistance before calling a cop any day. 
Your words are quite indicative of where your loyalties lie and if you think I'm assuming, then you should come clean and tell your story and at that point I might reevaluate my take on who you are and why you seem to need to defend the indefensible in what used to be the formerly free USA. 
http://killedbypolice.net/ Free_Willey 
Your explanation is bogus and it clearly indicates that you are the problem. The cop should have been arrested on the spot for assault. This is what makes ALL cops criminals. They fail to arrest and charge crimes against their buddies in blue. You included. It astounds me that you guys continue to make your job, on a daily basis, more and more dangerous. Putrid ignorance and arrogance and a complete non caring attitude for people in general is what is on display at today's PD's. This is not the 'service” that we hired you for. Cops work an entire lifetime to avoid disdain for the people they have sworn to serve only to have PD's hire the lowest of IQ and then train them to see the public as the enemy. Once you start to justify the violent actions of today's cops, you need to leave the force. Furthermore you do not have to be a psychic as you claim to see that the cop simply became upset, lost control and used violence to assault this less than 100 lb person. bruismenot 
Sure! Arrest all the cops! Then, whose going to keep all the people safe who don't have or know how to defend themselves from the predators in the world? 
What would you do? James Michael 
Kops have NO duty to keep anyone safe moron…Look up the hundreds of cites…..Stating exactly that…. James Michael 
If you have respect for xops these days you either have your head up your ass or are stupid. Badcopwatch 
This cop should be taught a lesson bruismenot 
Why, for doing his job? And just what 'lesson” would you have him 'taught”? Do you know him, his training, or his history? If so, please enlighten us. elropo 
His job my ass! I am in complete agreement with gininitaly in my town we have the same situations with no brutality from the police. They are pretty much respected here, some rare exceptions. It all depends on the mayor, chief, council, hiring policies and just whether they keep assholes on the job gininitaly 
Thx and glad to see that you are blessed with a rational community… good to know there are a few left out there ;-). bruismenot 
Ok. So you can tell this cop is an ass hole from this short clip? You can tell that this upset girl is an angel? Bravo for you, then. Bravo for you! 
Fine, now I've wasted enough time on here. Time to go to work. Peace. James Michael 
She asked why her brother was being kidnapped the cop is required to inform her why….or it is unlawful….We the People she is one…Him sworn servant…..MORON…. haauwnk 
You need to be strung up for fellating pigs. It's against your religion. James Michael 
The Nzis were doing their jobs committing treason and murder also moron…. Ibcamn 
cops are such cowards and pussys,…”step on my feet and im gonna arrest ya'll”…cowards,cops only feel like real men when they are beating up women…all cops are just plain criminals.. gina 
You all make me sick. The problem today is that we raise children to disrespect authority, and then feel we can call moral high ground against those that are in place to help. 
Our youth need to be taught that they are not able to do whatever they want. They need to understand that laws apply to them, and if not followed, prepare for consequences. 
The point of no return that I see in this video is a 16 year old female that feels she has the right to interfere in an arrest in progress. 
And before anyone touts unlawful bull, it is clearly stated that a warrant was in place for the arrest, and as such, she was wrong for interfering. 
Mom is equally to blame, filming it hoping to make a quick buck or news scandal, instead of correcting her daughter for her behaviour. Ibcamn 
so is what your saying is bow down to these retarded criminals and follow orders without question and raise our children to be just like you and never question authority and be a slave……sucks to be you StopKingObama 
Here's an idea. DON'T INTERFERE WITH THE COPS WHEN THEY ARE TRYING TO ARREST SOMEONE. You fucking creampuff libtard crybabies just don't get it. Fucking morons think they can adjudicate a case in the streets while the arrest is taking place. Try protesting real abuse instead of cases like these, where morons get what they deserve for being stupid. James Michael 
You have the RIGHT and the duty to stop any sworn servant unlawfully arresting someone…..That is an act called aggravated kidnapping and is an act of treason….. StopKingObama 
You have the right to resist an UNLAWFUL arrest. They had a warrant for her idiot brothers arrest. Even resisting an unlawful arrest is a good way to get killed. Let them cuff you, and if they were acting as egregiously as you think they were, tell it to the judge. If you have video to support your probably unfounded claim, all the better. 
All you fucking limp-wristed cream puff milquetoast libtard cop-hating social justice warriors with no respect for law and order should just be rounded up and shot, or at least sent to Iran. It would make THIS country a hell of a lot better off. James Michael 
Resisting and obstructing are non sequiturs for we have nothing because there can be NO resisting or obstructing without a real charge to resist or obstruct…Another aggravated assault and battery kidnapping false imprisonment by a another traitor felon with a badge… Ten thousand videos of the same exact thing on youtube alone….Dallas was deserved no cop can be trusted…. Social Trending Breaking: Podesta Told Mills 'Dump All Those Emails' on Day News of Clinton's Private Email Server Broke November 1, 2016

ARTICLE

Home / #Solutions / Two Days of Pot Raids Turns into Dog Killing Spree — Innocent Woman Shot at, Toddler Terrorized Two Days of Pot Raids Turns into Dog Killing Spree — Innocent Woman Shot at, Toddler Terrorized Matt Agorist August 4, 2016 28 Comments 
Buffalo, NY — In their relentless and often violent pursuit to control what citizens can and cannot put in their bodies, the state leaves behind a trail of blood and suffering. As the Buffalo Police Department illustrated last week, this trail often contains the blood of defenseless animals. 
Police incompetence coupled with deadly training came to a head last week and wreaked havoc on the residents of Buffalo. The Narcotics Division of the Buffalo Police Department executed a series of drug raids last week leading to a handful of arrests and the seizure of small quantities of drugs — mostly cannabis. 
After the department released their heroic numbers to the press on how much dangerous cannabis was taken off the streets, they remained conveniently silent about the dogs they slaughtered along the way. 
On Friday morning, Buffalo cops, in their search for a 170 lb 5'11” black male, raided the home of Michael Urban — a 5'11” 210 lb white male. 
While police were ramming the innocent man's face into his kitchen floor, Urban pleaded with them not to kill his dog. But it was to no avail. 
Police took aim at the helpless dog who, according to Urban was simply standing there in a non-threatening manner. 'Boom,' one officer fired, but the bullet only injured Urban's 18-month-old pit bull named Gotham, sending him running away frightened and crying. 
As the dog is wailing in agony, another officer fires a round directly into the dog's skull, exploding the innocent animal's head. But, it gets worse. 
Urban lives on the second floor of an apartment. When the second officer shot, that bullet went through the floor and almost killed the tenant downstairs. 
'What just happened?” Urban recalls. 'As the bullet hole went through the floor through the ceiling, as the dog's blood is dripping through the downstairs apartment… who's accountable?” 
As Gotham's blood drips from the bullet hole in Urban's floor and out of the hole of Jami Krafchak's ceiling in the apartment below, cops decided to go after her too. 
After they nearly killed her, cops raided Krafchak's home. She was manhandled, searched with no warrant, and humiliated as she stood there in her nightgown. 
Neither Urban nor Krafchak were charged with a crime. 
The night before the heroic cops of the Buffalo Narcotics Division killed an innocent man's beloved pet, they raided the home of Cory and Cindy Meer. 
According to Meer's lawyer, Matthew Albert , Meer and his two-year-old son watched helplessly as jackboots murdered their beloved family dog, Damian, a six-year-old Pit Bull. 
Meer tells Artvoice that his dog was not a threat to officers. 'He is the most family friendly dog I've ever had… he's never hurt anyone,” said Meer. 'He would have licked the cops.” 
Just like Urban, Meer lied face down as he begged the cops not to shoot Damian. Again, this was to no avail. 
As Meer's 2-year-old watched in horror, a cop blasted the family dog to death. 
'My son lost his best friend right in front of him,” Meer said. 
Also like Urban, Meer was not arrested. However, a friend at his house allegedly had a small amount of marijuana on him, so the raid was justified, according to police. 
According to Meer's attorney, he has 12 active cases of dogs being killed by the same squad. 
'They are going to say they are going after dangerous drug dealers,” Albert said. 'Out of the cases I have, they've hit the wrong houses numerous times , found nothing numerous times, and I think at best, they've found a few pills at one of these houses… charges I got dismissed because they were filed wrong.” 
In 2014, the Free Thought Project reported on a Freedom of Information Act request for use of force incidents within the Buffalo police department. The information was shocking. 
According to use of force reports, Buffalo Police shot 92 dogs from Jan. 1, 2011 through Sept. 2014. Seventy-three of those dogs died. Nineteen survived. 
To provide a comparison, Buffalo's numbers more than triple the amount of dog shooting incidents involving police in Cincinnati, a municipality of similar size. 
'The numbers are what the numbers are,” Buffalo Police Chief of Detectives Dennis Richards said in an interview with WGRZ in 2014. 'Certainly, no officer takes any satisfaction in having to dispatch a dog.” 
Apparently, however, they do. It is not like Buffalo residents have more dogs than other parts of the country. This department seemingly takes satisfaction in killing people's dogs. 
When asked if the Buffalo police have undergone any special training in regards to dealing with dogs, or the handling of dogs in a non-lethal manner, Chief Richards said, 'It has not come to that point in Buffalo that we've implemented any of those other techniques.” 
Apparently killing a dog every other week, or two in a 12-hour period, is just dandy and they see no problem with it or reason to seek out training to deal with such a high rate of puppycide. 
Something has to be done, however, and it is far more than just training. The most effective action that would need to be taken would be to drastically reduce the instance of no-knock search warrants. According to an ACLU report, 62 percent of SWAT raids are searches for drugs. 
If we want to end puppycide, we have to end the drug war , the two are not mutually exclusive. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist Share Google + CousinScootie 
Adam Arroyo still waiting for justice from a 2013 killing of his dog on a wrong address raid. WTF are the judges in Buffalo doing handing out no-knock search warrants for refer with the track record of Buffalo narcotics? 
'no-knock search warrants”<< this is the real crime! 
The words "search warrant" can't even apply in these cases. It's more like an Execution Warrant. 
The only acceptable cause to conduct a raid, especially on a civilian residence, is if there is a Hostage Situation. 
No Hostage, No Raid! common sense! 
So a bunch of Steroid Junkies have to miss out on playing War Games with civilian lives? Well, too bad! We can call that an acceptable loss. Mike 
I hope and pray that everyone of these thug cops that shot dogs, get shot themselves and left to bleed out in the gutter like the trash they truly are!!!! Gordon Klock 
They clearly get some non-admitted, sense of satisfaction, by killing people's pets in front of them, & we all are coming to know that there is absolutely no reasoning with these sadistic clowns, 'the war on drugs” has always been a scam to generate prison labor, & terrorize the populace, whilst maintaining the naive illusion that it is all somehow morally responsible behavior to harm & incarcerate people over such an exaggerated 'threat” (more likely to oneself, if at all), & they really seem to enjoy scaring the helpless, as they commit these acts of brutality that would've been illegal for them to do three or four decades ago…… katz ro 
tried to twitter you a link this is all on video. personally I feel felony charges should be lodged against any lea that comes to someones home and shoots their dog for no reason

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Parents on a Date Were Asleep in Car When Cops Arrived and Killed Them Both Parents on a Date Were Asleep in Car When Cops Arrived and Killed Them Both Matt Agorist February 25, 2016 213 Comments 
Inglewood, CA — On Sunday, police responded to a call of a suspicious vehicle parked on Manchester Boulevard around 3:10 am. When police arrived, they engaged in a 45-minute long standoff before opening fire on the man and woman inside the vehicle, killing them both. 
In the news release on Monday, following the shooting, police claimed that the woman in the car had a gun. Scott Collins, a spokesman for the Inglewood Police Department said that the couple refused to obey the officers' commands to exit the vehicle. The officers then feared for their safety and opened fire on the car — killing the couple. 
The woman was pronounced dead shortly after the shooting, and the man succumbed to his injuries after paramedics transported him to a local hospital, according to the LA Times. 
The shooting seemed like an open and shut case until the next day. Mayor James Butts, while responding to questions about the shooting, opened up a huge can of worms — both the man and the woman were unconscious. 
For at least 45 minutes, police attempted 'to rouse” them in an effort 'to de-escalate the situation,” said Butts. 
After admitting that the couple was asleep, Butts quickly defended the officers, noting, 'Obviously at some point they were conscious because somebody felt threatened.” 
However, that notion has yet to be proven and is particularly unlikely due to the fact that not a single officer received so much as a scratch, nor did the couple have any reason to be violent. 
Both of the victims were parents; Kisha Michael, 31, a single mother of three sons, and Marquintan Sandlin, 32, a single father of four daughters. 
Michael's twin sister Trisha stated the obvious when she said that it's possible that Kisha merely passed out on the way home from their night out. 
Families for both described them as devoted parents who made arrangements for care of their children while they took a night off, according to NBC Los Angeles. 
'The police ain't telling us nothing,” said Trisha Michael after being met with tight lips from the department. 
'He was a loving father,” said Sandlin's sister Leandra Faulkner. 'All he cared about was his girls, getting them right.” 
Of course, as is standard procedure for all those killed by police, their arrest records were released to shame them. Michael was on probation for a misdemeanor last year, and 7 years ago, Sandlin was charged with unlawful possession of a firearm in Los Angeles. 
According to his relatives, Sandlin had a 'rough life' but had turned it around and was working as a successful truck driver. 
Sadly, these children will now grow up knowing that their parents were taken from them by cops, scared of a sleeping couple. Share Google + Concerned Citizen 
Perhaps the mother had the gun on her lap for protection while they slept. At least they didn't drive drunk. These parents did not deserve to die! Mary Hagerty 
Did she really have a gun, or did the cops just say that to excuse the murders of two sleeping people? Lying about weapons is a known police tactic to get out of trouble. Sometimes they go as far as to plant a weapon. Conscious 
Let's say they had a gun. How did the police see it if they were asleep. Hmmm that makes it irrelevant John and Linda Robel 
WHO GIVES A FUCK ABOUT 'DRIVING DRUNK”? IT IS DETERMINED BY AN ARBITRARY NUMBER THAT IS EXTORTED BY THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS..WE ENCOURAGE PEOPLE EVERYDAY TO ANNUL THIS POLICE STATIST HORSESHIT. A FELONY CAN BE EXPUNGED BUT NOT A FUCKING MISDOMEANOR DUI. GET A GRIP. THIS NOTHING BUT A GOVERNMENT RACKET AND PROFFITEERING OF THE DUI INDUSTRY. Kevin Burnett 
Sounds like more #blackliesmatter twits. Alan Lammle 
Sounds more like #Bluethugliesmatter twits. Duryea L. Williams 
Smh……ignorance is contagious Talisha Harris 
No where in the article talks about that movement. From the article it sounds like innocent people, who were not armed, and who were sleep were killed. Did I miss something? Anon ymous 
They may or may not have had a gun. But, having a gun is no reason for the police to shoot & kill someone. Nikkia Bailey 
Maybe they were too drunk to drive Anon ymous 
Black lives matter also! What part of that is so hard to understand? Kburnett isanidiot 
Stop being an ignorant fuckwad racist troll, Kevin Turdnett. Philip Williams Ryan Robbins 
Marie Laveaux – I'm not disagreeing with you, I just always like to see some real info before I jump to conclusions. Not just a headline. I have no idea what happened and will not put blame on either side unless I see some hard evidence. Julie Asperger 
On Los Angeles local news report they said the vehicle was stopped in the middle of Manchester Blvd not parked on the side of the road. (Both are illegal) seemed strange the way it was presented to us. This makes it even weirder. I passed by and seen there is a large memorial for them. To bad there is no video to see what really happened. 
Cops don't like being filmed. 
For obvious reasons. Julie Asperger 
Yea I was harassed by some a few years back on Hollywood Blvd and intimidated into deleting video of them using excessive force on cooperating men. I even showed them my press ID and tried to be allowed to keep the video they said fuck the press. Kimberly Reichard Emerson 
The intelligent of us know we're not. I can't even comprehend what's wrong with the people here that still believe we're in 'the land of the free and home of the brave”. It's frightening to say the least. Shawn Soto 
This is so fucked up..Wtf is wrong with people. Why can't any one just act right? All you fuckers carrying so much hate on race..it's ridiculous. I'm sick of it!! An alot if peeps, an I mean alot. Are following an feeding this shit through media an all!! I hve mad love for all race in the world. Am does any one even hve a pure blood line now a days? I think not!! So don't be fooled by just the way your skin looks!! 
We all belong to the human race. There's no other race than that. Thom Prentice 
nice infotisments Colin Parker 
I never understood why their prior arrest recods are released, It's not admissible in any court for a current charge so why are the police allowed to use it? Alan Lammle 
To help soften the public in their attempt to make them look like they did nothing wrong in shooting 2 people in cold blood… Gary Harryman 
Shouldn't the records of every cop at that scene also be released? Tray Pressley 
To label them as 'criminals” so they can justify the murder. MarkyMark NdaHouse 
To demonize the dead… jamesawyatt 
AS LONG AS BUREAUCRATS ARE ALLOWED TO HIRE WITH LITTLE OR NO SUPERVISION THOSE WHO SEEK TO BE EMPLOYED AS COPS, MANY OF WHOM HAVE A HISTORY OF BEING BULLIES GOING BACK THROUGH THEIR CHILDHOOD AND WHO SEEK THIS MEANS OF FURTHERING THEIR BULLYING LUST NOW ARMED WITH IMPRESSIVE UNIFORM, SHINY NEW BADGE AND DEADLY WEAPONS AND WITH THE PRESUMPTIONS THAT THEY NOW HAVE A LICENSE TO BEAT, CRIPPLE AND SHOOT WHEN EVER AND WHOM EVER THEY PLEASE, ATROCITIES ARE EXPECTED TO BE THE NORM AND WILL BE EXPECTED TO GROW AT AN EXPONENTIAL RATE. IT IS FOREVER HOPED THAT ONE OR MORE LAW FIRMS WILL COME INTO BEING THAT WILL RELENTLESSLY UNDERTAKE THE FILING OF SUITS AND NOT ONLY AGAINS THE INVOLVED JURISDICTION AND THE INDIVIDUAL ROGUE COP OR COPS BUT THOSE WHO WERE INVOLVED IN THE HIRING OF THE COP OR COPS; THE IMPRESSION ALWAYS BEING THAT THESE WHO ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE HIRING AND THUS ARE AS GUILTY AS THE INVOLVED ROGUE COP(S) & THEY HAVE TO BE FACED WITH THE HARSH REALITY BY HAVING LEVIED AGAINST EACH AND EVERY OFFENDER HUGH AWARDS/FINES; NOT JUST ON THE JURISDICTION, I.E. THE CITY, COUNTY, STATE OR FEDS . . . BUT ALSO AGAINST EACH OF THE INDIVIDUAL INVOLVED IN THEIR BEING HIRSD . . . AS WELL AS THE ROGUE COP OR COPS THEMSELVES AS INDIVIDUALS; THE AWARDS TO BE PAID BY THE INDIVIDUALS' BY THEIR PRORATED AWARD SHARE PAYMENT OUT OF THEIR OWN POCKETS AND ONLY A PRORATED SHARE BY THE JURISDICTION AS WHAT THE JURISDICTION PAYS WILL INVARIABLY COME OUT OF THE POCKETS OF THAT JURISDICTION'S TAX PAYERS. STIFF PENALTIES IN THE FORM OF HUGE FINANCIAL JUDGEMENT AWARDS SHOULD GO A LONG, LONG WAY IN FOSTERING AN AWARENESS BY THESE WHO HAVE ESCAPED ACCOUNTABILITY FOR SO, SO LONG OF THE POTENTIALLY VERY EXPENSIVE FOLLY OF THIS THEIR IRRESPONSIBLE ACTIONS WHICH RESULTS IN SO MUCH SUFFERING AND MANY TIME CRIPPLING INJURY AND/OR DEATH. Mary Hagerty 
I agree, but please don't use all CAPS to write. It's way harder to read. Roberto Carlos Moscoso 
Sadly the government insists that they want to take guns away from civilians, for only police officers have training and are responsible enough to handle guns. Yet, I've seen more mass shootings and innocent people dying in the hands of cops than in the hands of 'irresponsible citizens”. Crazy ah? Tracy Walling Otis 
Is that true Marco Emilio Giovanni Maltese? That's truly horrifying if so. If you have a source of those statistics, I would appreciate the link for it. I know it's bad. I'm not denying that. But I am even more disgusted if it is that bad. :'( 
I've read that cops killed more than 1000 people in the USA in the last 3 years. But I'm sorry I don't have the link, you can search and you will find it easily. I think USA people should be more scared of cops than of terrorists. Alain Vosselman 
I'm stunned.. i can no longer believe this. This is going to be talked about in the future (if we still have one) just as we talk now about Stalin's regime… or Sadam Hussein's…. or Pol Pot. From now on even if we discover new life 100 triljon lightyears away traveling by mega-super-freak-aliesh tech vehicles.. we'll still be the most amazing embiciles of the universe. Aaron Beedle 
The fact that there are enough of these stories coming from america for several to be posted everyday proves how messed up the place is. I would not want to be a black person living in america today. I wouldn't live there at all. Nothing will happen to the officers. They should be sentenced for murder, and receive a full sentence. Police officers over there intruding on people's property and killing pets, killing people just walking down the street or washing their car. I'd i was an american the only reason i'd want to own a gun was to defend my self against police officers. Ryan Robbins 
You shouldn't believe everything you are reading online. It's bad right now, but it's not nearly as bad as many are making it out to be. All of these innocent victims are not nearly as innocent as they are initially made out to be. When the truth finally comes out on most of these stories, it's on page 6 and nobody takes the time to post it because it does not fuel there agenda to spread hate and prejudice. Aaron Beedle 
it is true everyone has agendas… im sure there are a lot of people in general dying in america.. but i know from life that the people with the power are usually the assholes. I would say that at least 80% of all male human beings struggle to handle power reasonably. females would be close too. When it is appointed rather than earned, such as when someone is called a police officer and given a weapon that can kill people with ease, people tend to not handle it well. I heard a while ago that some parts of the world do not use equipment they would not fire at themselves. And they are made to. It teaches people restraint. Christopher Rawson 
The police across America are being demonized by a sickness in the system that wants to put us against one another. That human is a human ,none of us our without fault or live life without ever feeling in over our head….possibly there is another way Tim Walker 
I suppose if 'everyone” voted for that one independent/libertarian candidate, then maybe we would have a fighting chance. Sadly that will never happen. The vast majority of people have been brainwashed by the two main parties. With the division they have created they can easily put in any candidate they choose, how can anyone prove that it wasn't predetermined? 
I just watched a news video of this story. The mayor said the couple were passed out when police arrived. 'Police spent 45 minutes trying to rouse them and de-escalate the situation”. How is there a situation to de-escalate if they are passed out? 山崎 コロッケ 
Ryan said nowhere in his comment that they deserved what happened. All he said was that another source had different information. If another source has clashing info, of course one of them is going to be wrong. No need to bash him. Vanessa White 
Some groups must be trying to start to a race conflict and some are just happy with Anarchy. I would never call them for anything. They don't seem to know who or when to shoot. Or maybe they are all amped up on steroids all the time. pitiful. I will keep the children in prayer. Blue Thugs 
All cops are cowards, never seen one that wasn't a coward and bully. One of the cops got tired of waiting and said 'gun” that was all the excuse they needed to open fire. What if that was a white couple with a gun in the car,nearly everyone has a gun on person or in the car these days. What if they have a permit or concealed carry permit. Do you fucking think the cops would have fired 62 rounds into that car and killed the white couple, well do you?. If one of the thug cops did holler gun, no one can ever say anything to contradict them. Cops know if only one side is left alive, no one can say otherwise. Better to be judged by 12 than carried by 6. That is every cops motto, as they know they are above the laws for mere mortal humans. Linda Brown 
Chickenshit Bullies This B.S. Has to stop. I belive all you say as I have been targeted in Canada. First Nations People,drunk & drive teens and pot smokers are all targets where I live. Every skin color fair game on last two. For sure these Peace Officers should be heald accountable face an open hearing ( open to public ) ” a fair trial ” and then deal with courts decision. I'm not sure if this happened to my friends it would not end in graveyard. These murders must face charges and hopefully Murder One. USN Veteran 
BT, I respect your opinion however do not fully agree with you. I do know a few LEO's. Good stock. Adult Scout Leaders. And there was an Officer from my childhood past, whom mentored me. However, I can not defend other LEO's actions. I firmly believe that an armed society is a polite society. 
ARIZONA STATE CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISION — Article 2, Section 26. 
'The right of the individual citizen to bear arms in defense of himself or the State shall not be impaired, but nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing individuals or corporations to organize, maintain, or employ an armed body of men.” 
Arizona respects the right of all U.S. citizens to carry a concealed handgun with or without a permit, or to carry openly while in this state. An Arizona resident permit can be obtained for the purposes of carrying concealed while in other states that offer recognition or reciprocity. 
Castle Doctrine Enacted Right to Carry Confidentiality Provisions Enacted Right to Carry in Restaurants Legal Right to Carry Laws No Permit Required Right To Carry Reciprocity and Recognition Outright Recognition Right to Keep & Bear Arms State Constitutional Provisions With Provisions 
As such, Arizona has fewer crimes per capita committed with a firearm as does California. How does extrapolate these facts? Perhaps as Arizonians have come to accept firearms as a know factor in their daily lives, whereas Californians do not. Perhaps California's draconian laws encroach upon human mental health? Whereby inhibiting residents of the State of California to live in fear rather than confidence? 
I for one shall leave this contemptuous State, seeking solitude of which only a truly free society can bring. I shall make Arizona my final resting place. (I expect in this forum environment, there may be egregious comments to the 'final resting place”). ? 
I respect all of my fellow American Citizens and their Constitutional RIGHT to express their opinions, as protected by the United States Constitutional First Amendment. 
USN Veteran Margie Campbell-Threadgill 
Maybe I missed something in the article, but does it state that the cops fired 62 rounds in the car? If so, I missed it. Fed1718 XXX 
Department of justice has statistics on police killings and being white doesn't make you immune, in fact MORE whites were killed by police than blacks in the last 20 years. Doesn't excuse this horrible murder of an innocent couple but please don't fall prey to deluded thinking that being white makes a difference. Look for yourself. 
How is anyone white or black ever supposed to trust a police officer these days? Blue Thugs 
Fuck you dude. My dad is a good cop and i judge his actions too. You are biased. I'm not and leave ppl alone, they never bother with flat tires so fuck off. Chris Cochran 
Every single one of these cops needs to be charged with Murder, and the police need to pay to make those kids end up having a good life since they will never have their parents to give them one Gary Harryman 
Yes every cop at that scene is guilty of the same crime. Since they acted as a gang, they should stand trial as a gang and all be charged with the same crime – murder. Terri Spanjer 
I wish people would stop and think for a minute about how the government is ALLOWING police to murder citizens and that over the last 2 years these incidents are occurring a hundred times a year. It's all part of the Big Plan to remove ALL YOUR RIGHTS and TERRIFY YOU. … PS : Yes, 9/11 was an inside job. Think. 
American cops have been given free rein to do whatever they want — The government ENCOURAGES police brutality. Lucas Vegen 
I dont understand, maybe im to young, maybe the UK is completely different. 
Black lives are being slaughtered even in their sleep and we sit and watch idol. 
I learned at a young age. The Country will only change when its forced to, black people need to stand up, we are not shooting practice and we will raid stores, court rooms and banks in the 100's or 1000's if Money and Property is all they care about. 
More may die, but we all die eventually and will die sooner if we watch idol. This is the world you want to live and raise your kids in? Really!? 
This is not hate talk, but Black lives matter marches and speeches should be the calm before the storm… If they continue to kill us and our Children in our sleep. I dont think talking should be our last effort. How many more will die 
It won't. They're killing everyone now. Desiree M. Mondesir 
INSANE. I KNOW all cops are not like this but the ones who are…God help them. Or rather, God help the people they senselessly murder and their remaining loved ones. How on earth does a sleeping couple threaten you, causing you to 'fear for [your] life”?!?! B Alan Eisen 
I fell asleep in my truck on a very cold night in front of my house. A police officer wanted to arrest me for sleeping in it, but the night was so cold, he got numb hands and left. Ross Thompson Laurie Choate 
this of course will be swept under the rug as quickly as possible.. they messed up bad on this one.. i would love to see the dash cams vids. but im sure that too is now gone.. very sad that we can no longer trust any person in uniform. 
how does one 'de-escalate” a situation where the occupants of the car are asleep? David Lynn Courtney 
freaking terrible and shameful roomtempIQ 
The entire legal system is skewed, in favor of those who have money. No doubt black folks are unfairly targeted/abused/killed by cops, but us poor white folks get cop abuse as well, but us poor whites don't seem to be killed by cops as often as black folks. 
That being said, I recently moved to a very rural county and the Sherriff's Deputies here are stand-up good guys. They are not cowards or bullies. That is one reason I moved here. B Alan Eisen 
I wouldn't compare rural life with inner city life at all. Rural people respect each other. They help each other. The police are neighbors. You can explain inner city hell to yourself. Ян Кариси 
In 2015 the police in USA murdered 303 Black people and 578 White people. Total killed of all was 1140. 
So far in 2016 the police in USA murdered 33 black people and 81 White people. Total killed so far as of February 27 is 166. 
But, more whites than blacks you say..??? Simple, Only Black Lives Matter to the main stream media. Their mission is to promote an agenda to put us common folk against one another. Also, imagine if us whites acted like blacks when we have one of our own killed by police? When are whites going to loot and riot? Thomas Headen III 
You Riot when your sports teams lose, or win, for that matter. Percentages sir, say that black men are 21 times more likely to be killed by police than white men. I think if the percentage were reversed, you would be alarmed as well. God bless. Michael McMaster 
To put it in perspective, if police were shooting people in a colourblind fashion then you'd expect that for every 100 people shot, 12-13 of them would be black, and 68 would be white. Or to put it another way: Left handed people are about 10% of the population. If it turned out that year after year they were 30% of the people killed by police, it would be fair to ask why they were being singled out disproportionally. Anna Black 
Whites Loot and Riot during sports. The real question is where is the All lives matter when this happens? Daniel robins one yahoo.com 
Woops, they did it again. Todd Schacherl 
So now sleeping while black is a capital offense? 'If only they had cooperated while sleeping, they wouldn't have been shot.” Is that what we are to believe? Deloren Tucker 
wtf… John and Linda Robel 
The Blue Code of Silence is well established and routinely used. Tim Egan wrote 'Breaking Blue” a book that documents the historical corruption of these 'Big Brave Heroes”. Orwell was right, ” BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING” and THE PIGS ARE RUNNING THE FARM”. Line these POS up for the FIRNG SQUAD and make their families watch.. John and Linda Robel 
KEEP VOTING FOR DEMOCRATS ALL YOU STUPID SONS OF BITCHES AND KALIFORNIACATORS. I'M SURE GOV MOONBEAM FEELS YOUR PAIN. 
'must have broke the law”'blue lives matter” -every cop apologist dickhead on the internet 
What's wrong with the cops, they couldn't wake them up it's a shame Nancy Keys 
They had me confused when they said the woman's twin sister name Kisha??? Blue Thugs 
Everyone in America needs to watch the documentry/movie called ” Peace Officers”. I bet a thousand to a cop's doughnut there was no gun even in the car. If so it was planted after killing them probably. Stayce 
Wow, I didn't know things were this bad . It just seems that being black is so wrong anymore. Why do these things keep happening? I just ask that all cops and law enforcement be mindful of what they are doing and double check their situation before over reacting. Now kids are without parents, this is ridiculous. Bless the babies and their parents. Lincoln Kirby 
Huh I always thought the conscious scared the police more, i.e. Us. Oh wait they can't tell who's conscious and who isn't. Why was I born with less rights than my parents, and my younger family member born with less freedoms than I was born with? The fuck happened. Did we stop thinking. Δανιήλ Ντάνιελ 
FUCK THESE KIND OF MOTHER FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT POLICE WHO ARE JUST BULLYS WITH A BADGE AND A GUN HOPE THEY ALL DIE HORRIBLE PAINFULL DEATHS PIECES OF SHIT!!!! BROKE A WHOLE FUCKING FAMILY FOR WHAT? PUSSY BITCH ASS TRIGGER HAPPY PUSSY ASS PIGS SMFH! Deloren Tucker 
When r we going to start fighting back Deloren Tucker 
police are only human like us Anthony Georgeson 
This has to stop, this is insane 7 orphans. Unarmed people killed by those who are supposed to serve and protect, crazed gunmen killing indiscriminately. This isn't the wild west, this is a war zone. I know guns can be a tool as much as a wepon. A knife, a stick , a rock, a fist, can be a deadly wepon. How do we fix this start making every stich of clothing out of Kevlar. Replace fluoride with Prozac. Can we learn anything from places that don't have a problem like Iceland. It has to stop. The Officers involved should have been interviewed by civilians before the went to Police Academy, maybe they weren't good with serve and protect. 
Show me the video! DKSMan 
WTF this article is full of major inaccuracies. They weren't parked on the side of the road. They were in the middle of a major street right in front of an intersection. They didn't pull over and go to sleep. All you have to do is loom at the crime scene photos and see this article is full of false information. They had a gun on them as well. Catherine Durnford-Wang 
So? For that they deserve to be shot? And they had a gun? So what, again? Aren't guns allowed under the second amendment? Zatanique 
How does a sleeping couple put anybody into a state of fear for their lives? I smell a cover up of monumental proportions by the cops involved. I can't believe that they could possibly find a plausible reason to justify opening fire on these two people. Not only do I want to see a Special Grand Jury called to deal with these cops, police department and city. I want to see a wrongful death suit brought against them, the police department and the city. Because of these cops 7 children are without their parents. No amount of money is going to make that better or make up for what they did. 
On what planet could you possibly justify what happened? SMH for real 
I cannot even grasp this! If they were not conscious why didn't they try to make sure they were not suffering from Co2 poisoning. Oh no lets just shoot them and make up any story we like. Huh???? David Sbraga 
If you only had the courage to say that to someone face, and not while 6th were hiding behind a Kevlar and screen. I'd pray for you, but I don't believe in prayer, and I don't believe it would do you any good. Mark Nasia 
parents on a date, were asleep in their car? does this headline make sense, I mean, two people shot while sleeping in their car makes more sense, that date would have happened before they decided to sleep, where are the editors these days 
Jevez Robinson Paul Myers 
Surely the same laws should be used and Policemen and the hiring officials as is used against gangs and organised crime. Lets face it the police force is the biggest organisation of organised criminals in the world!!! 
Blacks, Latinos, Asians, and Progressives must compete and vie for every civil service job. Once on, rise in rank and change The system. Genevieve Friday King 
Two exhausted parents falling asleep in a car in and of itself, not news. Hell, I've been at work and college and found parents zonked out from exhaustion from parenting…..but to be executed like this???? uh, were the cops afraid the parents would wake up and ground them for a week? or a stern talking to? Johndca Marible 
These cops need to stop it. So we're suppose to believe that this woman and this man with 7 children between them are in a car that late at night just waiting to threaten cops with a gun. We're REALLY suppose to believe that story? I don't understand how cops can be so afraid when they have a license to carry a gun, training on top of that, a partner, and access to call for backup. I just don't get it. If you're that afraid of a Black person on sight, then you don't need to be a police officer. You need to seek help. Last time I checked, it was Black people getting killed by the police and not the other way around. Yeah, the cops have a handful of tragedies but it cannot compare to the numbers when you talk about deaths of Blacks by police. Not by a longshot. I'm getting really tired of this and the whole USA needs to revamp its law enforcement system. You can give guns to cops who are suppose to protect and serve but where is the protection for the rest of us? Jeff Putterman

ARTICLE

I am a rock n roll nigger https://youtu.be/G8SoVfTVLrk Daniel W. McCullar 
As a mix blood American, any time I hear someone in the black community use the N word in any way or form, I hear and see ignorance. When I hear someone outside the black community use it, I see nothing less than a disease spreading. It is a term that should be nothing less than unacceptable. No other racial group uses derogatory terminology to describe themselves. Using the excuse that you are taking control of it is a Bullshit Juvenile excuse. Jay 
Thanks for the comment my nigga Guy 
Although I am not hispanic, I understand the slang pretty well and have employed many over the years ! 
You would be surprised at the what comes out of there mouths about, blacks and whites, including thouse who come from other Countries in South America, as well there feelings and attitudes of anyone they consider different in appearance ! 
We as the white race, don't have anywhere near the market cornered, as to racial predigest and racism in general. Just ask the Jews or Palestinians about that ! 
We just understand it more from our own little perspective of the world around us, but it is prevalent all over no matter where you happen to be at or from ! Mr.864 
She said the in N word on Facebook bet she don't have the guts to say it in person further more for every white racist that call blacks N word that don't offend us you wanna know y u don't have to be black to be call a N word we as black people use it to insult our ancestors then we think it's cool for whites to say it truth be told white people are Niggas also u wanna know why well look the word up and u will see we are not niggas we are negros nigga or niggas is jus another word for stupid dumb and ignorance so look at u now who the nigga now um damn shame for a fucked up world Guy 
So what do you consider a white Honkey or Cracker to be ? Considering I was one who watched the original Archie Bunker and Gladys shows and thought they were great. I never liked Gov Wallace and thought what the cops did in Selma Alabama and Little Rock was just wrong ! I have always believed Mr King was right, while thinking that Sharpton and Jackson are in it just for the Money and political opportunities and believe the the BLM has done some good, but has been hijacked by out side influence, that sees political gain to be won, on the behalf of Hillary, who I think will absolutely destroy the intercity's, by keeping herself and her kind in power, over the backs of African Americans and others, she deems deporables ! Mr.864 
I'm not racist I'm jus stating facts why whites get mad when they came out with BLACK LIVES MATTERS . Then they say they are thugs an terrorist how so when whites rally up and sit at the store and everywhere else with a bunch of bikers but they tell the blacks oh they in a bike club shitting me half of them KKK if not all police is the biggest gang of America they get mad cause we sale drugs truth be told the police the one putting drugs on the streets we don't own boats plans for that matter to go get drugs at the end of the day the world is jus fucked up period Mr.864 
Further more fuck Jessie Jackson I'm from Greenville to he ain't did shit for that community beside rebuild his old apt complex and added his name on where was he when the police killed my friend in fountain inn SC an took him back to the jail after the fact he was dam near dead then tried to say he hung himself where the justice for that Guy 
Mr.864. Just about every Black Man, Woman and Child in N.& S. Carolina knows that, Justice lives in the bottom of every toilet in every jail, in just about every Southern State, in the South, that the white cracker shits in and calls it truth ! 
Now we as the whites, have learned to refine the obvous racism that still exist, to the point of having a Black President to make it look legit for the world to see ! 
What do you suppose President Putin see's when he shakes hands with Obama, just a man or a black man ? 
Personally I belive that racism is part of the our genetic make up, considering man has been making slaves for many thousands of years, out of all races, including white and black ! 
I just don't act upon my inherited prejudice, nor choose to pass it on to my children. 
I think that is what makes the difference. Realizing it's there, but choosing not to act on the difference, is what separates me from the others. Who, just make lip service to there ingrained predigest, while knowing full well, they don't believe a word that comes out of there mouths ! 
When I see you, I see a black man, who is just as frail or strong as i am, wanting the same as I do in life and just asking for the chance to work for it ! 
If on the other hand, if you are a white or black thug or punk gang banger, it dosen't matter, you will be treated as such ! Mr.864 
You right I never said u was wrong one time we both are human we both have and opinion at the end u see things your way I see things my way I know u not racist u know I'm not racist but at the end of the day can u say u can live in a black community with u jus being the only white people in the neighborhood check this my home paid for own my land also tell me y a police sit by my yard asking me ? Bout the white guy in my yard and then start to as random? Do u think it's right with out the proper cause Guy 
No, I don't think I want to live were you do, considering I am too damn old and set in my way's to want to, besides I don't think my wife is going to want to move quite yet ! My oldest son moved to Alaska a few years ago with his wife and dogs and they enjoy it a lot, both got good jobs and doing well, even bought a house on a acre of land, for about half of what you would pay for one around one here, in the San Francisco Bay Area. 
Brentwood was once know as a red necked farming town of about 1100 people, when I was a kid growing up here. My family have been farming for generations. The hispanics were our hired labors living in labor camps, and the blacks were shown the City limit lines by the police ! 
My Mom was considered progressive and we had a black nanny named Pearly, live with us for many years durring the summers, while Mom ran the ranch. I loved her much, she was a good woman, as wide as she was tall, would read to me and my sister, and made incredible apple pies. I first meet her when I was 2 living in Richmond CA, to when we moved here in the mid 50's, into the house my Mom built, that I still live in today. Pearly's children came to my sisters wedding. 
Now, Brentwood is a City of 50.000, I don't recognise it any longer, but it's core is still farming. There are black families living on my street, in houses built where there were once orchards, and going to the schools I did. I have a family I would consider white trailer trash, living in the house next door, that once had garden tour buses come to see the yard and have tea parties ! 
My attitude is, people are people. I really don't give a damn who you are, be respectful of me and keep up your home and property to show your pride in ownership and you should expect the same from me ! We can be friends and neighbors, sharing a beer at a barbecue I throw on July 4th and at Christmas, and go fishing once in a while in my bass boat ! 
As to the other thing you mentioned, I think about Cops being randomly nosey, asking about me because I was the white guy sitting in your yard in a all black neighborhood ? What fucking business is it of his ? If he asked me, I would politely tell him to go F off and then shut the hell up !f he pushed it, there would be complaints filed against him the next day and perhaps speeking to his Chief and maybe the City Counsel as well, depending on the situation ! It's not a good idea to piss me off, cause I not only get mad, I get even too ! Mr.864 
Get mad about what that's childish to get mad cause we voice our opinion my dad married to a white women my uncle married to a white women Im white a women an u know what we bout to get married my neighbor are not bad I don't stay in a violent neighborhood everyone stay on my road is family members at the end of the day I ask do u think the police was right for asking me ? In my yard I'm 33 I know right from wrong also Guy 
I am a little confused, which is not hard to do. 
I think you are asking me, if it was okay that, the cop's who had stopped outside of your yard, ask you over, and question you about some white guy, who was in your yard, visiting with you ? Correct ? 
If that is right ? then my answer is NO ! HELL NO !! Unless the guy is a known gangster with a rap sheet a mile long ! And even then, there are way's and means for the Cop's to go about there business to conduct there investigations, with out asking people about there's. That's why the Detectives make the big bucks, to covertly investigate, with out shooting off the alarm bells ! 
For some local flat foot to come up to you on your own property, and start pumping you for information, with out any justifiable cause is against your Constatutional rights, illegal, immoral and he can go take a flying leap off a short bridge ! 
I know it's done all the time, and cops seem to have every excuse in the book to want to try it. 
But my point is simply to smile at him, tell him to have a nice day and walk away, you don't ow him a thing. If he still wants to push it, then tell him you don't have to talk to him, unless your lawyer is present ! That will usually set them running ! 
I see too many stories about people getting into all sorts of trouble, because they start flapping there gums, thinking they are cool, and just digging an even deeper hole for themselves to fall in. 
Cop's know from training, how to push our buttons, and rely on our own stupidity to sink our boat as the results ! Mr.864 
Yes he did I was asking u do u think he was in the right Guy 
Damn Dude ! I was afraid you were going to tell me that this actually happened to you !? 
It totally freaks me, that it could and would, but dosen't really surprise me anymore that it does, considering that many City's had “Stop & Frisk” on the books untill only recently ! But supposedly it has been done away with, according to the Court's recent rulings. Fat chance of that really happening. Cops will just come up with a new way of doing there thing of harassing people, for there :Fishing For A Crime” scene. 
I am sorry that it has, and wish I could do something to stop it ! Knowing that, because of the color of my skin, is probably the only reason why it doesn't or hasn't to me ! Except when I was a kid living in Berkeley CA, then I got hassled by the cops quite a bit, because of the hair down to my butt, they all thought I was a drugged out hippy, which a lot of the time, was true. I got slammed around by them quite a bit, shot at and gassed a few times, then arrested and served time in jail and probation, for things that now are not considered a crime anymore ! For some of the crap I use to do and the people I ran with, I am lucky to be still breathing. 
Unfortunately that is the times we all live in, and certainly it is unfair to you to be victimised because of it. I hope you filed a complant against this ass hole to seek retrabutin !! Mr.864 
I understand that I've did things in my life I'm not happy bout can't sleep at nite the nightmare i have I jus take it one day at a time and think God I'm still breathing truth be told I almost lost my life 5 times before I was 20 and the only thing slowed me down from the streets is my first son he's 13 now my middle son 11 and my baby boy is 6 and I have a lil girl that jus turned 1 so I thank God a lot cause I have something to live for haven't been to a club in 15yrs it feels good to be out the streets and doing some good for a change only thing I have did to make my life complete is going back to church but I'll go when I'm ready but I do read the Bible so there for I don't forget where I come from I respect u and don't know u it's actually good we had this chat everything u told me I took that inconsideration truly I thank u I don't know everything but I don't mind listen Mr.864 
I stop dealing drugs a few yrs ago actually until I find a job that pays 14 a hr when my ma first found out she had cancer I use to make sure I would not go home unless I had 5000 a week in my pocket to help my ma with her medical bills and medicine she fought that cancer for 10yrs right before she died 6 yrs ago I promise her I wouldn't sale anymore and that was a promise I keep 20,000 at the end of the month I had to put in a lot of blood and tears for what I did and my ma was not proud of the blood money I was bringing into the home but when she seen what I was actually doing with my money I think she respect me to a certain degree and i accepted that sometimes she would accept nothing from me I've been locked up 8 times and started dealing weed,coke,guns,pills at the age of 12 honestly my ma use to beat me when she found out but I never stopped I caught my first charge at 21 by the time I was 25 I had did everything I could possibly do I think I had a good run in life I never had my father after the fact he was a big time drug dealer and him and ma got a divorce and he got on his on product and lost everything he been sober for 18 yrs he doing good but I never hated him for what he did in life actually it made me stronger I had a step dad but only he was good for is taking me fishing far talking to bout men things he did cause he didn't know how to cause he had 6 girls but at the end of the day he raised me from the time I was 6 until he passed he was good man in his own ways and till this day I thank God for each parent I had in my life with No regrets I jus wish the world become a better place Guy 
Hey ! At least you are still alive, and hopefully clean and sober, with a family that loves you ! That, is a lot more than some of the people you knew when, you were running the streets, i'll bet. Consider yourself Mr.864 to be blessed ! 
Never a father figure in my life, just a strong willed, old fashioned, no nonsense Mom, who drove her father into Oakland from Brentwood everyday at the age of 13 in 1924. She introduced me to the YMCA in Oakland when I was 13. Took a lot of backpacking trips with them, to the bottom of the Grand Canyon, to visit the Havasupai Indians that lived there, hiked all over California Montana, Yellowstone, Yosemite and Europe. Backpacking and hiking, should be a mandatory class in H.S., especially to inter-city kids, who never get out and see the real world, except concrete pavement and maybe a city park ! 
I understand why you did, what you did, you will receive no condemnation from me for it ! Some of the people I ran with were totally vicious animals to the point of, wondering if they were at all human or not ! Hell's Angels, and there bud's, were some I knew and partied with, in the late 60's while living on Telegraph Ave in Berkeley, even ran into some original Black Panthers along the way, now thouse guys were freaky and strange, always talking about revolution and wanting to blow white people up ! 
What saved me was, getting the hell out of there, moving to a small town in the mountains, finishing my college education there, later meeting a good woman, who put up with my Bs and marrying her, we have been together 43 years, produced two fine son's, that are a joy to us. I became a small business man as owner, operator of a landscape contracting company for 35 years, first working for retail and wholesale nurseries and other landscape companies to gain experience. Never went into farming with the family, my brother was the one who did that with my Mom, my sister has her life with her husband 40 years. But to say, I was born with dirt under my fingernails and will probably die that way, is close to the truth, sometimes I rather talk to plants than people, because it's easer that way, and they don't give me grief like people do. 
Hey ! If you want to shoot me an email sometime, I am not against it. I can be reached at [email protected] After all, this is a open and public forum, and maybe you are not all that comfortable as the result. Suit yourself. Mr.864 
I'm still alive cause god showed me away.where I didn't have to hold people for ransom or in a drug trade shoot out all the time he made me realize I was only making memories in the streets.but I'll never think I'll live to tell a lot of people who didn't know me my life style jus feel like before some of the White's judge us blacks they should actually look at the community we lived in if we lived in a drug neighborhood it wasn't by choice that's for damn sure we adapted to the fine cars clothes and everything that came with it only thing about it a small price came with also Guy 
Good to hear. Now what are you doing ? Mr.864 
Doing father dutys Guy 
So what ‘s that for you ? What line of work are you in, how many rug rats you got running around, your wife work or is she a stay at home mom ? What's the town or City like you live in ! Got any hobbies, or are you sports nut's 
Just curious, is all, sure it's none of my busies and mean no offence or none taken, if you don't want to talk. Guy 
I hope your education dose not reflect the way you write. But if it dose, god help us all, because you are the next generation and inheritors of what has been left, to you, so you can build onto it for the, betterment of the future generations ( your children and there children's children ) to come ! Mr.864 
As long as I graduated from high school I'm happy long as my job allow me to bring him 15 to 1600 every two weeks I'm happy my education ain't got nothing to with how I shorten my word like everyone else in life I be willing to bet I go to a interview and talk jus like the white people and come out with a job didn't know education had to do with the problems thats going on in the world all my kids straight A students what about your kids are they me speaking my thoughts and opinions don't have nothing do with how I write I'm not in school anymore I feel I shouldn't have to prove shit to no one but my self and my kids Guy 
Of course you are a proud father and well you should be. Don't we all as parents, want and expect our children to be better than we were ? I think that is only natural. 
My son's both graduated from Collage and are set in there lives, both in there early 30's, one married and living in Alaska working as a City Planner and the other is still here at home, finishing up his education. Cheaper that way. 
There mother and I din't get past a two year community collage degree, with me going into business as a landscape contractor 35 years. 
You are right, your education has nothing to do with any of the crap that occurring. You don't have anything to prove to me and your thoughts and opinions are just that, Your's alone, and who the hell am I to criticise !? 
Mr.864. You talk the way you want and feel comfortable in, and i will just listen and offer commentary once in awhile, if it's okay with you. Mr.864 
I like listening to older people it makes me more wiser an not dumb like some American u only have wisdom from being wise Hugh Culliton 
Call me pre-millennial, but I find it baffling that anyone, regardless of where they think it'll go, would lack the judgement to realize that creating a permanent record of such potentially personally damaging actions IS A TERRIBLY STUPID THING TO DO? 
In addition to unprofessional conduct, she should also have been fired for such criminal idiocy. Guy 
I don't agree at all ! Or, perhaps it comes from your firm belief that, you have never done something dumb, rash or saying something that would be considered even remotely offencive, by someone else ? Hmmm ! Hugh Culliton 
On the contrary – it's precisely BECAUSE I know that I've done and said dumb things, and that the recording of such things makes them vulnerable to being hacked, that I find it baffling that one would want such personal – and completely normal – incidents of lack of judgement permanently recorded on-line. 
We live in the world of total on-line, or even on-networked-computer collection of data. As a high school teacher, I deal with this every time I teach teens internet safety. That's why I see it as being a generational trend by people who've grown up with their entire lives on line. Such an environment means that, while on the up-side, we can out trolls, racist LEOs and nasty pedophiles, it also means that everyone need to be very, very careful with all data and information they store on-line. 
However, in this case we have someone – not acting as a private citizen – but as a uniformed representative of the state – in a time of very tense relations between law enforcement and the public, taking personal images of a highly offensive nature. Mistake or not – it's out there, and this action still betrays a serious lack of the judgement expected from a law enforcement officer. Guy 
She, and everyone else who speaks in public ! 
Trump has been made keenly aware of that fact, as the results of what he said 20 yrs ago, is now coming back to bite him, as well Clinton ! 
Thank's for taking the time to further explain your point, and now that you have. I tend to agree with you, although I still believe that the treatment to this young and naive lady, was harsh ! 
But considering she works in a public tax supported office, it's to be expected. To bad she din't have the common sense to see it ! Hill Billy

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / NSA Whistleblower: 'NSA Has ALL of Clinton's Deleted Emails'— FBI Can Access Them Any Time NSA Whistleblower: 'NSA Has ALL of Clinton's Deleted Emails'— FBI Can Access Them Any Time Jay Syrmopoulos August 1, 2016 8 Comments 
Washington, D.C. – One of the architects of the National Security Agency's surveillance programs dropped a bombshell over the weekend when he stated that the NSA has 'all” of Hillary Clinton's deleted emails. He also noted that the FBI has the technical and legal ability to gain access to them if they chose to do so. 
William Binney is a former highly respected NSA official that served the agency for over 30 years, helping to create its surveillance program – before becoming a famed whistleblower upon resigning in 2001. On Sunday, he declared in a radio interview broadcast that the hack of the DNC could have been coordinated by someone inside the U.S. intelligence community angry over Clinton's compromise of national security data with her email use. 
Appearing on Sunday on 'Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,” and speaking as an intelligence analyst, Binney questioned whether the hack of the Democratic National Committee's servers were actually the work of Russian hackers, as the Clinton camp has alleged. Instead, he raised the possibility that it was actually the work of disgruntled U.S. intelligence officials upset about Clinton being given a pass on criminal charges after compromising national security secrets through her use of unsecure personal email servers that were undoubtedly accessed by numerous foreign intelligence services. 
During his interview with reporter Aaron Klein, Binney referenced then-FBI Director Robert S. Mueller's testimony in March 2011 before the Senate Judiciary Committee, in which Mueller spoke of the FBI's ability to access a number of secretive databases 'to track down known and suspected terrorists.” 
'Now what he (Mueller) is talking about is going into the NSA database, which is shown of course in the (Edward) Snowden material released, which shows a direct access into the NSA database by the FBI and the CIA. Which there is no oversight of by the way. So that means that NSA and a number of agencies in the U.S. government also have those emails,” Binney said. 'So if the FBI really wanted them they can go into that database and get them right now,” Binney stated in regards to the missing Clinton emails. 
When Klein asked whether he believed the NSA has copies of 'all” of Clinton's emails, including the deleted correspondence, Binney replied with a one-word bombshell. 'Yes ,” he responded. 'That would be my point. They have them all and the FBI can get them right there.” 
According to a report by Breitbart : 
And the other point is that Hillary, according to an article published by the Observer in March of this year, has a problem with NSA because she compromised Gamma material. Now that is the most sensitive material at NSA. And so there were a number of NSA officials complaining to the press or to the people who wrote the article that she did that. She lifted the material that was in her emails directly out of Gamma reporting. That is a direct compromise of the most sensitive material at the NSA. So she's got a real problem there. So there are many people who have problems with what she has done in the past. So I don't necessarily look at the Russians as the only one(s) who got into those emails. 
The Observer defined the GAMMA classification: 
GAMMA compartment, which is an NSA handling caveat that is applied to extraordinarily sensitive information (for instance, decrypted conversations between top foreign leadership, as this was). 
How interesting to think about the distinct possibility that the hacked and leaked emails are not the result of Russian hackers, but actually came to WikiLeaks from an unknown crusader at the NSA itself — another 'Snowden” if you will. 
Let us hope that after for years of watching Clinton expose national security secrets, through reckless handling of highly classified intelligence, some determined patriots within the intelligence community are now working to see the downfall of Clintons by exposing their corrupt political apparatus. Likely we will never know: as Zero Hedge reported , it is the NSA that has been tasked with determining if the Russian government is behind the hacks. One thing we already know is that when an agency investigates itself, it NEVER finds itself responsible. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Leaked Soros Memo Reveals Potential Plan to Use Black Lives Matter to Federalize US Police Leaked Soros Memo Reveals Potential Plan to Use Black Lives Matter to Federalize US Police Matt Agorist August 31, 2016 97 Comments 
Memos and documents published by DCLeaks continue shedding light on billionaire globalist George Soros and his progressive organization, Open Society Foundations (OSF). Due to their poor digital curation, however, the leaks are hard to comb through which is leading to the information slowly trickling out. The latest of the documents reveals the billionaire's attempt to organize a 'national movement” to create a federalized police force. 
The document shows that OSF saw the killings of Mike Brown, Eric Garner, Walter Scott, and Freddie Gray as an opportunity to implement this mission of federal police guidelines. OSF, according to the documents, then held a meeting titled, 'Police Reform: How to Take Advantage of the Crisis of the Moment and Drive Long-Term Institutional Change in Police-Community Practice.” 
The memo further documents that Soros-financed groups and personalities influenced a Task Force on 21st Century Policing, created by President Obama. Last may, the task force released a final report consisting of 60 recommendations recommending protocol to local departments on how to modify policing practices. 
The information is from a 61-page report of an Open Society U.S. Programs Board Meeting that took place in New York City in May of last year. 
States the board meeting document: 
The federal government is seeking philanthropic support for a number of its initiatives. In addition to seeking support to advance the implementation of the recommendations of the Presidential Taskforce, the White House recently launched the Policing Data Initiative to explore how best to use data and technology to build trust, voice, and solutions to improve community policing. The Department of Justice recently selected the first six cities to host pilot sites for the National Initiative for Building Community Trust and Justice, which was launched last fall to help repair and strengthen the relationship between law enforcement and the communities they serve by exploring strategies intended to enhance procedural justice, reduce implicit bias, and support racial reconciliation. 
We are gaining a better understanding of these efforts in order to determine how best USP can use this moment to create a national movement. We have already had a set of preliminary conversations with about a dozen key stakeholders and will undertake a field scan to map the areas of work currently underway to advance police reform, including an assessment of the redundancies and gaps in work, and opportunities for collaboration. As we proceed, we will engage the funder network we helped to establish, the Executive Alliance on Men and Boys of Color, which now includes forty foundations. 
U.S. Programs (USP) is a part of OSF with the stated mission of working to further a vibrant democratic society in which all people can meaningfully participate in its civic, economic, and political life. 
According to the above excerpt, USP was thinking of ways to capitalize on police killings to 'create a national movement' to implement their agenda. 
The think tank also raises the question of how to properly steer the ostensible 'grassroots' organizations, such as Black Lives Matter, to achieve USP goals. 
The events of the past several months have understandably led to a wide range of activities, including a variety of advocacy efforts, to respond to the significant challenges in policing that have been exposed and the opportunity to promote meaningful and lasting change. For example, organized under the banner of the Civil Rights Coalition on Police Reform, organizations like the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under the Law, LCCHR, and LDF are advocating for federal reform efforts with a particular emphasis on data collection and transparency and, as noted above, 35 effecting federal funding streams. A variety of other national advocacy organizations, including grantees Advancement Project, PolicyLink, the Center for Popular Democracy and the ACLU are working to provide advocates with toolkits and resources to help their organizing efforts. Locally based groups such as the Ohio Student Association, the Organization for Black Struggle, the Asian Law Caucus, and the ACLU of New Jersey, to name a few, are advocating for specific reforms at the city and state levels. Another layer of grassroots and youth-oriented groups like Freedom Side, Ferguson Action, Black Lives Matter and Million Hoodies Movement for Justice are also advocating for specific reforms. The range of efforts underway raises a number of questions and concerns about capacity, the need for coordination and the appropriate prioritization of policy objectives, among others, which we will discuss in the policing portion of the meeting. 
While the intentions of reforming police in America seem noble, the very idea of a Soros-led initiative is chilling. 
Another memo, leaked earlier this month, showed the billionaire was potentially funding the Black Lives Matter movement , to the tune of $650,000. Now, as today's memo shows, we know why. 
As the Free Thought Project has pointed out many times before, Soros has been exposed literally manipulating the world. 
Earlier this month, in an email found within the WikiLeaks' Hillary Clinton archive, with the subject 'Unrest in Albania,' Soros makes clear to Clinton that 'two things need to be done urgently.” He then directs the Secretary of State to 'bring the full weight of the international community to bear on Prime Minister Berisha” and 'appoint a senior European official as mediator.” Revealing the influence he wields within the corridors of power, Soros then provides Secretary of State Clinton with three names from which to choose. Unsurprisingly, Clinton acquiesced and chose one of the officials recommended by Soros — Miroslav Lajcak. 
This is standard operating procedure for Soros. Anyone familiar with the history of the Soros Open Society Foundations in Eastern Europe and around the world since the late 1980s, will know that his supposedly philanthropic 'democracy-building” projects in Poland, Russia, or Ukraine in the 1990s allowed Soros the businessman to literally plunder the former communist countries wealth, according to the New Eastern Outlook . 
Soros-affiliated organizations are deeply connected to numerous color revolutions, such as the Arab Spring, and a number of other uprisings across the world. They have been intimately involved in the coup that took place in Ukraine, and subsequent ratcheting up of Cold War tensions with Russia. 
As these leaked memos and emails prove, the United States is nothing more than one of Soros' pawns. 
While Americans remain oblivious and argue over straw men fed to them by the mainstream media, the police state is growing — both here and abroad. As the citizens are promised 'reform' the only thing that actually changes are the puppets in marble buildings. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. <a class=”twitter-follow-button” href=”https://twitter.com/MattAgorist” data-show-count=”false” data-size=”large”>Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter</a> and now on <a href=”https://steemit.com/ Share Google + Real Truth stings 
I think its time to end local policing for profit. The police force should exist to protect and serve, not to fill the county coffers. We need direct oversight of the police, the end of the power of their union to protect bad cops and the end of corrupt local government. The downside is the federal government is so big and spread out that they can barely keep track of our military assets. We can count on them to institute a public facing, qualifications search for candidates. Randy Pitts 
Do you really not understand that what you just said is exactly what this article is exposing?!?!?! 
Soros has indoctrinated you fools into favoring a federal police!!! Real Truth stings 
do you have a better idea? we have localized corruption in every state. if you have another way to achieve this, feel free to discuss it. billdeserthills 
Right, mostly because obama has been doing everything he can to crap on the police. By your thinking the TSA is doing a fantastic job, huh? Real Truth stings 
you aren't looking at the upsides that are possible. billdeserthills 
Because there are no 'upsides' except for upside yo head, when those even stupider federalized cops hit you pto 
Replace local corruption with centralized corruption… At least now some places aren't corrupt. billdeserthills 
Citizen Oversight cole 
Soris is not favoring a national police, he wabts rules and restrictions put on the police before we devolve into a police state, and we already half way there, he is funding BLM because they are at the forefront of bringing police misconduct to lightt, how do you people not see this. Razedbywolvs 
I don't like police misconduct. But i don't burn down the city yelling kill the Jews to accomplish it. Tracy Lund 
What a stupid thing to say. Razedbywolvs 
Does that make you pro burring down the city to stop the 1% who all happen to be Ashkenazi Jews? AZ Patriot 
What are you talking about ? What do Jews have to do with this ? You and some other people are on this are now blaming the Jews for the mess we are in. How stupid Razedbywolvs 
Well that kind of happens when you use a lobby's to buy off every politician in a foreign country, and are a big contributing factor to what appears to be a 3000 year old blood feud in the ME. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KMVhb57RqI AZ Patriot 
Typical Jew hater there really is no hope for you or your soul . Why not worry about the people who are willing to blow you up ? Razedbywolvs 
Would being opposed to a special interest group of Saudi buying off American politicians make me a Arab hater? Thats stupid. I don't hate Jews but i really wounder how you all got brainwashed as bad as North Koreans. I really don't think Israel has a problem blowing us up. They sure as hell don't care about us enough to give a heads up when they know in advance that 2000 Americans are going to die. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/23bbf79b4dfbe4c1798c7f00e5225d1d41c1c799c58f13bea0dab4bae52b80fb.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/da89e01c99866c5f96482293178464b32f339551dc8aec652bbd2d11c75d9b5b.png s AZ Patriot 
So you are one of those 9/11 crazies who believe the Jews knew about this and that the Bushes did this to get oil. I think you and that other loon Rosie O'Donnell make a one team of nuts Razedbywolvs 
Are you one of those crazies that doesn't believe official FBI documents? I figured you would of been trigged by the brainwashing comment. but you skipped right over it and pointed at one the few non Jews in Hollywood as the problem. You have to have a short list for that? especially since Rosie O'Donnell hasn't been relevant for 15 years if ever. My tin foil hat is itching. The Immigrant Absorption Ministry.. I think your I.D.F. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OyUoGUV7b8 AZ Patriot 
This tape means nothing and you havent shown any shred of FBI evidence. You are a crazy 9/11 loon Razedbywolvs 
I guess the difference between loon's and sane people is we read the dam reports. You should try it. AZ Patriot 
You read into things that arent there. Go away loser Razedbywolvs 
Go away from were. Do you think im inside your computer or something? billdeserthills 
Sure cause soros is such an honorable guy, huh?? Why I bet you think he does this for the good of humanity, just so he can get that real special place in heaven that he so richly deserves, don't You?? Prince 
Local police should not exist…period! steve yates 
Who will protect us from the criminals? Prince 
The 2nd. Amendment. Jo 
Prince- the second amendment doesn't matter if there is no government and police to ENFORCE it. DUH….. Prince 
Duh Jo, We The People enforce it with guns! Doodlee Pigvirus 
check out 6 ideas for a cop-free world. Carolyn 
I think you can make a list of crimes in one night that Chicago will commit just for a starter. Carolyn 
Mr Prince. When he gets robbed, assaulted in anyway, he wants to call Razedbywolvs to help him because no one else will. Get real. The constitution states that the States should govern themselves not let the government do it. Nishi 
I have never been so naive as to think that smart and engaged people refrained from brainstorming solutions together according to their shared beliefs. Nor have I ever thought that would be a good idea. cole 
Tell this so called journalist that he can't complain about Soros trying to change the direction of our police force before it turns into a police state, then at the end of the article try himself to tell us we need to be on the watchout for a police state shusei 
right? there is no evil plan in these memos.. I don't know much about Soros if he is evil guy or good guy, but, least I can say is this article is BS, and many people in here have no ability to read, understand and think… Prince 
Somebody really needs to put a bullet in Soros' head! Despicable REM1875 ✓certified 
Don't leave out his son. Greg Geitner 
Now it's easy to see why soros was paying them to act out Ricialove 
As a black woman, here's what I want to know…with all that money that BLM receives….what the heck do they do?!?! anna miller 
George Soros is a criminal subversive who has created havoc on a global level and for a long time. His crimes are well-documented. He is the billonaire who 'broke the British pound” in 1992. He is responsible for funding numerous revolutions including the coup in Ukraine, toppling a democratically elected president and moving NATO closer to Russian borders. And funding NGO's who were not really charities, but subversive infiltrators. He is an evil man. Have you noticed how many billonaire Jews are involved in all kinds of evil financial schemes, and or hold such high positions in both neoliberal as well as neocon (both sides of the fence)government positions although they only make up 2% of the populace? Why hasn't this criminal been arrested? His aim is to deliberately stir up a race war. The police are attacking people of all colors and ages. Yet BLM seems to defend black men who were in truth, guilty. At least they could pick a black man or woman who was actually innocent. Why doesn”t Black Lives Matter defend blacks who have been murdered by other blacks, which is usually the case. Or don't those black lives matter? And how about the 72% of black children born to single mothers, with NO father in the home? Often to siblings from multiple fathers. These children often grow up to be street thugs. The facts bear this out. Blacks do commit most of the crime in the U.S, and commit more crimes against whites as well. The issue should be on the increasing police brutality on ALL citizens, not only focused on black lives. The police target them more because blacks commit most of the crime. Does the truth enter this equation? BLM detracts from the entire populace of all races focusing together, on increased police brutality against the public at large. For Soros, and those who want to increase anti-white sentiment and race tensions, BLM is: mission accomplished. The bastard Soros should have been arrested a long time ago, and imprisoned, and not in one of those cushy hotel prisons either. And one can only wonder who is really running this nation, when Soros remains unfettered. Dan 
maybe, just maybe Hitler saw something that the rest of the world still can not see…. (or simply refuses to see) AZ Patriot 
What are you saying, all Jews should have been sent to the gas chamber so that Soros wouldnt be around ? Dan 
oh right, your one of 'those” kinds of people huh.. next you are going to tell me that they really did make lampshades and soap out of jews huh? AZ Patriot 
If I were you, I wouldnt continue to show your ignorance, insensitivity and anti Jew sentiment. Go away Dan 
im ignorant? bwahahah. heres an easy one for ya, whats 6 minus 3 ? Carolyn 
Idiot must run in your family Carolyn 
Dan, you are an atheist who wants the world to believe that Hitler did not slaughter millions of Jews. Go to the Holocaust museums filled with the pictures and tools the Nazi's used to experiment on the children pictures taken by the American soldiers when they entered into the prisons. So go into a Hellnory site and w her with your crap. Dan 
so, explain to me how they had to change the plaque at auschwitz in the 90's from claiming 4 million died there to only just over 1 million? and its now believed that its not even 1 million that died there? 
and you dare to call me the idiot? keep googling, im sure you can find it… Carolyn 
I did not call you an idiot but I should have. Auschwitz was only one of many concentration and death camps. You check it out. Dan 
wow, you have shown your level of stupid on 2 levels in the one post, good work.. but i digress, ad hominems like yours only exist to show your own lack of a reasonable argument… 
auschwitz was well known to have been by far the largest concentration camp during ww2 with the greatest population compared to all other camps, it even boasted a swimming pool inside the camp for its population. how do they just 'lose” 3 million deaths from that camp? if auschwitz could not accomodate 4 million deaths but only closer to 1 million how did the other much smaller camps process more deaths than alschwitz? 
now, here is hte real kicker, from back in 1901 jews were already claiming the 6 million 4 decades into the future… its in the damn newspapers and you can freely search and find them for yourself… 
care to explain how that happened? jew magic i guess? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ef1a9d677260b8a4a2ae4d4d3fe66946ef9deedfffe439b92a51c9f1774787bf.jpg Carolyn 
Dan did you read any of the small incomplete articles? Evidently not. 6M was quoted to show that Russia and other countries had that many Jews. Nothing about death. These prior years to 1938 were expressing the plight of how the Jewish people were being treated. Now Auschwitz was not the only camp that slaughtered Jews. Now does that sign specifically say that Auschwitz deaths were just Auschwitz murders? Your 'damn newspapers' need to be read by you before you put that smudge attitude in writing. Dan 
wow, your brain really is broken huh? you cant see the connection between claiming the magical 6 million prophecy (which is actually about claiming the heartland) in 1900 and using that same exact figure in the lies about ww2? the same lies that the nazis also made lampshades and soap out of jews? 
auschwitz plaque was obviously blatantly lying (just like the lampshades and soap myths), once the soviets were forced to give up the ledgers iirc in the 80's it was obvious that they could no longer sustain the lie that 4 million were killed there and were forced to bring that number down to 'about” 1.5 million. are you really that stupid that you can not see the pattern here? 
there is a hell of a lot more but i get the feeling that im talking to someone to stupid to even grasp the basics. 
fun fact: anne frank never wrote anne franks diary, otto bought the story from another novelist and changed it to reflect his daughter. there was even a recent copyright case where they are now claiming that he was the author. fun times. Carolyn 
Oh I see your pattern. Believe that crap instead of what the pictures, written accounts by the liberation armies, and you did not answer my question on the articles you want to point to that does not say 6M Jews died. Did you pull all of the articles and read the whole story? I would bet you did not. You are a typical atheist, Marxist, Democrat. You can pound your chest again when you check history and find out that the Democraps started the KKK group and were the biggest slave owners. You people amaze me how you put crap out there that you can not back up. Kind of like your loving candidate Hellnory. Dan 
show me a single picture of gassed jews? or even of the gas chambers themselves? or even the several thousand dead jews they would have to have piled up waiting for their several hours in the crematorium it actually took back then to cremate even a single body? or you mean i am meant to take the word of the proven lying jews who to this day, like in the video i linked above, have clung to their fantasies even after they have been busted lying? 
as for the liberating armies, you do recall that all the 'gas chambers” were in ruins when they came through? and there was zero evidence, besides the lamp shades and soap, of any jew holocaust? that account you mean? 
and of course it dosnt say that 6 million died yet, only that they were in peril etc but you dont find it a mighty large coincidence? you also obviously have no idea how they came up with the 6 million at the end of ww2 do you? go find out where that number came from.. the person who made it up even claimed it was completely symbolic and not to be taken literally. 
'You are a typical atheist, Marxist, Democrat.” and in the face of clear defeat, out with the mindless ad hominem once again. a clear indicator that you are way outside of your depth… you are incorrect on all 3 counts, once again. do you ever get anything right? 
'were the biggest slave owners.” guess who the biggest slave owners were? fucking jews!!! hahaha. they owned all the slave ships and were behind every facet of the trade. 
'Kind of like your loving candidate Hellnory.” and thats the funniest, go find my twitter feed, its full of anti hillary sentiment, in fact its the only reason i really began using twitter was during this election cycle to keep track of whats going on because i refuse to engage in the corrupt leftist media (once again, mostly jew owned) for fear of turning into a brainless zombie like yourself… 
ill give you this tho, you certainly are persistent in your stupidity. its no wonder you cant see anything thats going on around you in this world. Dan 
here is a great classic you really should watch about his explaining away his lies as not really lies… https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j30sWIOMIak Carolyn 
You really have a real talent referencing things. Dan 
yea, this is how you learn things. you take a fairytale, lets use santa as an example, and you work out (when your like 6 years old)… how can there be 12 santas in the same place? why are my presents always in the bottom of my parents wardrobe a week before 'santa” apparently brings them to you a week later? and slowly you deduce that there is no santa clause and its just a lie that you have been fed while your brain is all still mushy. 
or you know, you can just blindly have 'faith” that there is still a santa, you know, like you do… even in the face of such a mountain of evidence… Carolyn 
You need to stop your atheistic info because you do not know what you are talking about. 1.1M Jews killed in all of the Auschwitz camps. Did you know that there were 3 large camps with 4 large crematoriums? No you did not. That is just a drop in the bucket places that murdered, experimented on, starved, gased, and shooting of Jews. 426K Hungary, 300K Poland, 69K France, 60K Netherlands, 55K Greece, 46K Boheman & Moravia, 27K Slovakia, 25K Belgium, 10K Yugoslavia, 8K Itally, 690 Norway, and 34K from other countries. 960K Jews, 74K Poles, 21K Gypsies, 15K Soviet prisoners, 15K Czecks, Yugoslavs, French, Germans. Did you know that Hitler had built 40,000 camps. Death camps, concentration camps, holding camps, gas camp vans, labor camps and detention camps. Many Jews died in ghettos, on trains, during the death march to evade the oncoming of the Russian Army and US forces. These camps were set up in France, Russia, Germany, Poland, and Austria. One of the camps, Berkenau, killed 6 thousand Jews per day. In total 2.7M Jews killed in killing centers and 3.3 Jews shot, gased, experimented on. Now how do you explain your decision to not believe these totals? Dan 
of course i knew, i obviously know more about the subject than you do. like you i came from a place of believing the lies until i started questioning some of the 'facts” i was taught and the advent of the internet and 'survivors” videos where they constantly get busted telling lies made me reconsider the 'truth” about ww2 
actually current scholars beleive its somewhere between 300k and i think its 700k (it might be 800k) died in all of auschwitz. while i do not doubt that there was some experimenting (america was doing the same thing but on its own people at the time) the great majority were simply natural attrition in a time of war considering the 'allies” were bombing supply lines constantly (yet never the camps themselves because they also knew they were not 'death camps”) in fact lets invoke the story of the holocaust poster child again anne frank, if they were really gassing people in some huge manner why would they even keep around a weak sickly girl long enough for her to die from typhus? 
and yes of course many PEOPLE died, many of them jews. thats what happens when you have wars. none of this supports gassing or mass extermination of jews, stupid. 
but my final question is, how do you blindly believe the word of people who have been shown on many occasions to be liars? specially in the face of so much verifiable evidence to the contrary (IE the lampshades, soap, diesel gassing vans, eye witness stories that completely contradict everything etc) specially knowing the fact that many jews chose to escape with their german captors rather than await the soviet armys 'rescue”? Carolyn 
Of course you did not know any of the information I wrote. If you profess that you know how many died, then go on the Holocaust Site and you will see that after they checked the records that the Germans kept, you do know they tattooed the Jews, to make sure what numbers were dead or alive. How would I know why they kept Anne Franks till she died of typhus. They very cruel people. The Jews were at war with the Nazi Germans. What the hell are you talking about. If you go on the Site you will see pictures of the gas chambers and crematories. What the hell else do you want. Why don't you go to Auschwitz and see for yourself? You are so bigoted and I believe you are a lousy Democrap. Despicable REM1875 ✓certified 
Hitler has the rothschild and other bank roll him while killing off the poor and middle class Jews who hardly dominate their own street block let alone the world. As a true socialist he had the pragmatic double standards so many on the left have today. AZ Patriot 
You are painting all Jews with a very broad brush. No all Jews, not all billionaire Jews are involved in evil schemes. Stop it. Despicable REM1875 ✓certified 
soros is to Jew as kerry, kaine, biden, pilosi or kennedy is to Roman Catholic. soros is to Jew like ryan or beck are to conservative Or and a better example soros is to Jew like oblamer is to Christian. anna miller 
Yes, all these people have one thing in common, they claim connection to the evil Hebrew Yahweh , the tyrannical Iron Age war- volcano god. Happy is the one who seizes your infants and dashes them against the rocks. Just another evil scripture found in your not so 'holy” book. Psalm 137:9 Stop making excuses for evil! Despicable REM1875 ✓certified 
Howdy Anna I an sorry I didn't make myself clear – I was stating none of those people are believing Jews or Christians . They believe they are God. anna miller 
They have no humility nor conscience. Tatiana Covington

ARTICLE

— Marianne Lyles (@MarianneLyles) November 2, 2016 

Police are still developing information on a suspect and have warned that the scene remains dangerous. 
'There's definitely danger out there, someone is out there shooting police officers,” officer Parizek said. 
2 officers killed: 'There's literally a clear and present danger if you're a police officer” https://t.co/MjAzXn8pUr 
— Des Moines Register (@DMRegister) November 2, 2016 

Des Moines PD have paired up their officers as a precaution following the shootings. 
'We are always vigilant about our safety, but we still got to get out there and do it,” Parizek told the media. 
Des Moines police briefing press re: officers shot: 'I can't even begin to talk about how bad this is” @news4buffalo 
— Katie Alexander (@KatieNews4) 2 November 2016 

Police will not be releasing names of either officer during initial presser, family getting notified. At least two more expected during day pic.twitter.com/9qIshG9jPP 
— Jacob J. Peklo (@JacobPekloTV) 2 November 2016 

The Urbandale Schools District said that all schools will be closed Wednesday as a result of the fatal shootings and ongoing investigation. 
All @UrbandaleSchool Schools & Adventuretime cancelled today Wed Nov 2. All buildings closed. Staff do not report to buildings #UCSDAlert 
— Urbandale Schools (@UrbandaleSchool) November 2, 2016 

1st look at scene where 2 officers were shot & killed in an apparent ambush in Des Moines. Following this #BREAKING news in the #AlertCenter pic.twitter.com/c3kYpNRrrU 
— Julian Glover (@JulianGloverTV) November 2, 2016 

In a statement the governor's office said that 'an attack on public safety officers is an attack on the public safety of all Iowans.” 
'We call on Iowans to support our law enforcement officials in bringing this suspect to justice,” it added. Share Google + phyllis.goldner 
I gain around 6.000-8.000 bucks monthly for freelancing i do from my home. Everyone prepared to do basic freelance jobs for 2h-5h a day from comfort of your home and get reasonable paycheck for doing it… This is a work for you… http://chilp.it/8d93f4b Phil Freeman 
Fuck off! Phil Freeman 
This is the result of the vicinage no longer tolerating roaming, uniformed, armed, militarized, abusive, banker revenue agents preying upon the working poor. No cop is safe, and this, however unfortunate, can and will continue. I suggest the police nation wide reconsider their role in OUR society. A come to geezuz moment of clarity is in order, that is unless you wish to continue digging holes. We are tired of your shit. ACAB! AlPennG 
AT THE PRESS BRIEFING THE OFFICER CALLED THE PERSON THAT SHOT THE OFFICERS A COWARD WHICH THEY ARE BUT WHAT DO YOU CALL CRIMINAL COPS THAT SHOT UNARMED AMERICANS IN THE STREETS AND IN THE HOMES!?!?!? I WOULD LIKE HIM TO TELL US THAT Social Trending BREAKING: Two Cops Shot, Killed in 'Ambush Style' Attacks While Sitting in Their Vehicles, Shooter At Large November 2, 2016 Breaking: Podesta Told Mills 'Dump All Those Emails' on Day News of Clinton's Private Email Server Broke November 1, 2016

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Government Corruption / Senator NUKES Clinton Foundation, Calls it 'Largest Money Laundering…Operation in the World” Senator NUKES Clinton Foundation, Calls it 'Largest Money Laundering…Operation in the World” Jack Burns November 2, 2016 3 Comments 
Senator Tom Cotton (R-AR) lambasted the Clintons and their foundation, equating the former first family to corrupt money launderers. Cotton, a Harvard Law School graduate, and former paratrooper with the 101 st Airborne division of the U.S. Army knows a thing or two about the law regarding classified information and corruption. And, he has some harsh criticism for both the Clinton Foundation and the former secretary of state herself, Hillary Clinton. 
Cotton was a guest on Hugh Hewitt's radio show, The Hugh Hewitt Show Tuesday. The talk show host asked Cotton about FBI Director James Comey's re-opening of the investigation into Clinton's email scandal after potential classified information was found on a computer belonging to Anthony Weiner. Weiner, estranged husband of Huma Abedin, was being investigated for sexting a 15-year-old North Carolina girl when the discovery was made. In all, a reported 650,000 emails were found supposedly belonging to Abedin and may have contained classified emails sent and received by former secretary of state Clinton. 
Cotton said, '650,000 emails is a lot of emails. But then again, when you use modern searching techniques, you might be able to winnow it pretty quickly.” But he's cautiously optimistic that the FBI can do the winnowing down quite quickly saying, 'You would think that even if it's in the thousands, or tens of thousands, the FBI has enough agents that they could review them pretty quickly. A lot of these agents are pretty familiar with the subject material, having investigated the Clinton email server to begin with. Some of them, apparently, have been investigating the Clinton Foundation now for months.” 
The senator from Arkansas stressed the seriousness of the discovery by saying, 'what Director Comey has said he found in the emails from Hillary Clinton's server and devices, which is that she was extremely careless with the handling of classified information, now so much so that classified information of the United States government may be found on the computer of a man under investigation for underage sex abuse.” 
As The Free Thought Project reported, speculation exists as to whether or not the discovery was an intentional attempt by Weiner to cut a deal with federal prosecutors to avoid a longer prison sentence if he's convicted of felonious sexting a minor. 
Cotton scoffed at the Democrats' blaming Comey for re-opening the investigation. He pointed the finger squarely at Clinton saying, 'Hillary Clinton only has one person to blame for all of this. She is the one that set up that private server. She is the one that used it for classified information. She's the one that violated U.S. government security in handling materials. She's the one that always thinks she can get away with it. This is not an FBI or a Director Comey problem. This is a Hillary Clinton problem, and this is why so many Americans view her as untrustworthy and dishonest.” 
Later in the interview with Hewitt, Cotton turned his attention to the Clinton Foundation and called it a massive money laundering front. He said, 'We now know there were no fewer than four FBI investigations into the Clintons and their close associates — the Foundation, the emails, Abedin and Weiner and Terry McAuliffe, the governor of Virginia.” 
Going further he stated, 'And I suspect that that was a very high-ranking Department of Justice political appointee who was carrying water for the Clinton machine and wanted to shut down an investigation into the Clinton Foundation, which increasingly looks like one of the largest money laundering and influence peddling operations in the world.” 
'This is why if Hillary Clinton wins this election and they don't shut down the Clinton Foundation and come clean with all of its past activities, then there's no telling the kind of corruption that you might see out of the Clinton White House,” the outspoken senator from Arkansas declared. 
Even if classified information is found on Weiner's computer, the case against Clinton is likely dead in its tracks and is just a ploy to win back the trust of the American people toward the FBI. As The Free Thought Project reported Tuesday, The Justice Department's Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik is believed to be John Podesta's best friend. 
Podesta is, of course, Clinton's campaign manager. So, it's highly unlikely Clinton will ever be indicted. But thanks to Wikileaks, Podesta may now also become the target of an investigation after it was revealed this week that he ordered Clinton's emails be 'dump(ed)” as soon as the news broke she was using an unauthorized private email server based out of her home. Dumping emails, while a subpoena for those emails was being issued, could result in obstruction of justice charges against Podesta. But wait, that's right — his best friend would have to be the one to bring charges against him. 
So what you apparently have is a corrupt campaign manager, a corrupt candidate, a corrupt investigator, a corrupt FBI (who refuses to prosecute the former first lady for mishandling classified information), a corrupt Justice Department, and a corrupt president, whose cabinet and staffers reportedly 'ALL” use private email to conduct official business and skirt around the Federal Records Act. No wonder this country is facing such massive problems; broken educational system, unjust wars, massive deficits, out of control spending, and police brutality, to name a few. Its leaders are gangsters. Share

ARTICLE

Home / #Solutions / Colin Kaepernick Just Started a Black Panther-Inspired Youth Camp to Teach Kids to Fight Oppression Colin Kaepernick Just Started a Black Panther-Inspired Youth Camp to Teach Kids to Fight Oppression Claire Bernish November 2, 2016 3 Comments 
Oakland, CA — After earning both soaring praise and burning ire for sitting out the national anthem, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has turned his protest against police brutality into a positive force for change — by opening an education-based camp to empower kids. 
Kaepernick, in other words, wants to teach young people how to be the change — to educate themselves and stay healthy and safe. 
On Saturday, Kaepernick hosted a free youth camp called Know Your Rights — a 'free campaign for youth to raise awareness on higher education, self empowerment, and instruction to properly interact with law enforcement in various scenarios,” the website explains. 
Hundreds of black and Latino children attended the camp, which took place in Oakland, according to the New York Daily News , and the quarterback now plans to expand the program beyond the Bay area. 
'We're here today to fight back and give you all lessons to combat the oppressive issues that our people face on a daily basis. We're here to give you tools to help you succeed,” Kaepernick told attendees, the Daily News reported. 'We're going to give you knowledge on policing history, what the systems of policing in America were based on, and we're also going to teach you skills to make sure you always make it home safely.” 
With relations between police departments and civilians more tense than ever — and an epidemic of police brutality still growing — the camp aims to instill knowledge-based confidence in kids who might otherwise distrust uniformed officers, who often aren't members of the communities they patrol. 
According to the Know Your Rights Camp site, the program's goal is to 'help build a stronger generation of people that will create the change that is much needed in this world.” 
Controversy raged over Kaepernick's bold choice not to stand during the national anthem, as many misunderstood his quiet police brutality protest as a publicity stunt — but details about his plans for the camp evidence quite the contrary. 
'Please don't say anything about it online,” Kaepernick told Daily News reporter Shaun King a few days before Know Your Rights opened. 'I'm not doing this for the press and I don't want it to become a media event so that the kids and the families can feel like this is just for them.” 
Modeled after the original Black Panthers' 10-point plan, the camp taught kids they have the fundamental rights to be free, safe, educated, courageous, loved, and more. 
'It's exciting for me because I see a lot of hope, I see a lot of what is to come,” Kaepernick told The Undefeated . 'And if you look at a lot of movements in past history, it started at a youth level and has built. And that's really where change is created, is when youth come up and they're built in that culture of, 'I know what this means, I know why this is happening and I also know how to help create change now.'” 
According to The Undefeated , kids from all over the San Francisco Bay area attended the camp — including a number of homeless children living in a halfway house — and heard speakers discuss organic nutrition, holistic healing, financial knowledge, higher education, the history of policing, and more. 
Not a single workshop discussed sports. 
Kaepernick also told the youth how he'd recently traced his roots to Ghana and Nigeria — provided kits to trace their ancestry, free of charge. 
Further, the athlete didn't stop with organizing and funding the camp — and making a simple cameo appearance — he interacted with as many of the attendees as he could, visiting the smaller breakout focus sessions as the day progressed. 
'What we've done here today in Oakland, we want to do all over the country, in cities all over this country,” Kaepernick told the Daily News , 'by bringing together local leaders, local activists and local youth, and not only giving them the skills and lessons they need, but we want to show them how much we love and value them.” 
And as Kaepernick told The Undefeated on goals for expanding the camp across the country, 'This might not be something where I personally can create the change that this system needs. But together we can build this and help organize and create the change that we need.” Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Antiwar / United Nations Finally Acknowledges US-Backed Rebels in Syria are Murdering Civilians United Nations Finally Acknowledges US-Backed Rebels in Syria are Murdering Civilians Baran Hines November 2, 2016 Leave a comment 
United Nations Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura stated Sunday that he is 'appalled and shocked by the high number of rockets indiscriminately launched by armed opposition groups” which have killed hundreds of civilians in Aleppo during recent weeks. The attacks from groups supported by the United States were described as ' relentless and indiscriminate” while targeting civilians and killing children, according to the statement released by de Mistura's office. 
The battle for eastern Aleppo has become more violent as the Syrian army continues to regain control of the strategic city while targeting the UN designated terrorist group Jahbat Al Nusra, which is known as Al Qaeda in Syria. Most of the attacks by opposition groups have targeted civilians as almost 100 civilians were reported killed in 3 days in western Aleppo, which is controlled by the Syrian government. 
US officials and others claim that opposition groups supported by the United States are also being targeted by the Syrian army and civilians are being killed. However, US-backed groups have continued to work directly with Al Nusra in Aleppo, and, for more than six months, have refused requests by the United States and Russia to separate from terrorist groups. 
UN Envoy Staffan de Mistura condemned the attacks by these groups because they continue using inaccurate weapons to launch attacks which are claimed as self-defense against the attacks from the Syrian army. 
'Those who argue that this is meant to relieve the siege of eastern Aleppo should be reminded that nothing justifies the use of disproportionate, indiscriminate [attacks,] including heavy weapons on civilian areas and it could amount to war crimes,” de Mistura said. 
Opposition groups have also used chemical weapons with the most recent attack occurring on October 30, killing 3 and injuring 40 civilians in western Aleppo areas controlled by the government. Non-governmental organization Amnesty International said the attacks show ' a shocking disregard for civilian lives ” in a statement released Monday. 
' The goal of breaking the siege on eastern Aleppo does not give armed opposition groups a license to flout the rules of international humanitarian law by bombarding civilian neighborhoods in government-held areas without distinction ,” said Samah Hadid , a senior Amnesty official in the Beirut regional office. 
The Syrian war has seen an increase in violence after the collapse of the September 9 ceasefire agreement negotiated by diplomatic officials from the United States and Russia. Opposition groups contributed to the collapse of the ceasefire after violating the ceasefire over 300 times in the first two weeks, according to the Syrian news agency SANA . Amnesty International also cited the United States being responsible for more than 300 civilian deaths in recent weeks. 
The ceasefire agreement called for Russia to influence the Syrian government forces to stop fighting for control and for the US to influence rebel groups to separate from terrorist groups Al Nusra and Islamic State so they could be targeted by joint US-Russia military campaigns. The US has failed to achieve this since February 2016 despite US officials claiming to be in daily contact with rebel groups. 
Another significant incident causing the Syrian ceasefire to fail was the September 17 attack by the United States on Syrian troops fighting the Islamic State near the city of Deir Ezzor, killing more than 80 troops and wounding over 100 others — including civilians. That incident, which the US called an accident, led to public accusations from Russia that the US is intentionally helping the Islamic State. 
A few days later on September 19, Russia was accused by the US of bombing a United Nations aid convoy for Aleppo, a charge denied by Russia citing forensic evidence indicating that the attack was not an airstrike. The ongoing public tension led to the United States ending direct negotiations with Russia over the Syrian conflict on October 3 , and both sides have since traded public declarations which many see as heightened war rhetoric . Share

ARTICLE

Home / Blue Privilege / Deputy Shot and Killed by Fellow Deputy While Having a Conversation on Weapon Safety Deputy Shot and Killed by Fellow Deputy While Having a Conversation on Weapon Safety Matt Agorist November 2, 2016 1 Comment 
Fresno, CA — A 20-year veteran deputy of the Fresno County Sheriff's Department was shot and killed Monday by his fellow officer. Officials immediately ruled it an accident and began the narrative that the gun somehow just went off on its own. 
'We do not know yet the mechanics of how the weapon discharged,” Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims said. 'So far, we have absolutely no reason to believe this was anything more than a tragic accidental shooting.” 
Deputy Sgt. Rod Lucas was having a conversation near the Fresno Yosemite International Airport about how to carry backup weapons when one deputy's weapon was discharged striking Lucas in the chest. 
Lucas was in the room with two other deputies, and, according to Mims, there was no dispute at the time — ironically, just a conversation about weapons safety. 
'The detective had his weapon out. During this discussion, the detective's weapon discharged,” the sheriff said. 'Sgt. Lucas was struck by the bullet in his chest, and he dropped to the ground.” 
According to FOX, Mims did not disclose the type of firearm involved in the incident, calling it 'an improved secondary weapon for the detective.” She said all witnesses have been interviewed except for the detective, who was not identified, due to his mental state which she described as extremely upset. 
'We're giving him the time he needs,” said Mims, who declined to identify the detective by name. 'We're taking care of him.” 
Imagine for a moment, that a non-cop 'accidentally' shot and killed another man. Would they be allowed this same opportunity to not be investigated? Would a person who just killed someone in a room be 'taken care of' if they simply used the excuse of the gun accidentally going off? 
Sadly enough, this is the third such incident in only a week in which a cop's firearm 'accidentally discharged' and put the lives of others in danger. 
At a Halloween party over the weekend, a cop in North Carolina shot and severely injured her own daughter as she showed off her service weapon. She has not been charged. 
Prior to that shooting, a cop in Ohio fired his weapon into a daycare center — while it was fully occupied. 
Despite the officer clearly admitting to committing the misdemeanor offense of discharging a firearm within city limits, police have yet to charge him. 
Imagine if the people in these incidents were not police officers. The double standard is glaring. 
Aside from the above the law treatment of these officers, the excuse of the weapons accidentally discharging is nothing short of asinine. 
Guns do not fire themselves. 
Weapons companies spend a significant amount of time and money making sure their guns don't simply 'go off.' While it is entirely possible for older single action revolvers, which required the hammer to be cocked, to go off when dropped, the idea of a modern pistol accidentally firing without someone pulling the trigger is simply absurd. 
There are more guns than people in the United States. It is estimated that Americans own around 357 million firearms. If these weapons were so prone to accidentally firing, there would be a lot of dead Americans. However, that is clearly not the case. 
The reality is that these cases involve police, who are entrusted by the public to responsibly carry weapons, failing miserably at their jobs. You could rest assured that if a mere citizen were to shoot and kill another person while 'discussing backup weapons,' they would be cast out by the anti-gun crowd and plastered across the mainstream media. They would also be in jail. 
However, if your job is to carry a firearm for a living to ostensibly protect society and you kill your own colleague while doing this job — you are immediately presumed innocent and given special treatment. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share Google + Phil Freeman 
Improved backup weapon means it's been to the gunsmith for modification, reduction in trigger pull is the most common. So my guess is detective kojack was showing off his new play pretty and the hair trigger spring he just installed and shot this cop. Well done safety meeting I say. One less gangster in Fresno. Social

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / WATCH: California Cops Rob Every Penny from Innocent Family, Including their Children WATCH: California Cops Rob Every Penny from Innocent Family, Including their Children Claire Bernish November 2, 2016 Leave a comment 
San Diego, CA — James Slatic took every precaution possible to ensure his California medical marijuana business was in full compliance with local, state, and federal laws — and that appropriate taxes and fees, hundreds of thousands each year, were always paid on time. 
But despite conducting business professionally and legally, nearly 30 heavily armed San Diego police and DEA agents broke into and destroyed Med-West Distribution, stole all the legal products inside, confiscated his computers and servers — and proceeded to clean out his entire family's life savings, including the accounts of his high school and college-aged daughters, and his 84-year-old mother's safety deposit box. 
By obstinately refusing to acknowledge Med-West's legal status, law enforcement used highly contentious federal civil asset forfeiture (CAF) law to rob the Slatics of everything they'd earned — including $324,000 in proceeds from the lucrative medical cannabis business, according to the Institute for Justice (IJ). 
'This case is not about crime fighting,” IJ attorney Wesley Hottot, who now represents the Slatics, explained. 'This case is about policing for profit, and it illustrates the abusive power of civil forfeiture at its worst.” 
As countless families and individuals around the country have been shocked to learn, the State can rob you blind, taking everything of value — bank accounts, vehicles, electronics, and even houses, etc. — without proof any crime has been committed. 
James Slatic has never been convicted or charged with any wrongdoing in the matter — but the nightmare of civil asset forfeiture doesn't end with a lack of charges or conviction. In fact, attempting to reclaim property and cash can be a nightmare of red tape, court appearances and legal fees — and, even then, isn't always a successful venture. And like so many others, Slatic had not been familiar with this legal, policing-for-profit scheme prior to his firsthand encounter. 
'I've done nothing wrong,” he told the Institute for Justice. 'It's beyond frustrating that my family's money was taken without any criminal charges being filed. My wife and teenage daughters had nothing to do with my business whatsoever, and the District Attorney took their college savings accounts. This is not just wrong; it is unconstitutional.” 
While he certainly might be right, CAF is federal law — a brief reprieve in January, when the Department of Justice suspended the program, only lasted through early April — because the ability of police to steal people's stuff and either use it or the proceeds from its sale is just too damned profitable. 
Indeed, police and other agencies — particularly the Drug Enforcement Agency — make a killing in this legalized State robbery sham, and many departments have come to rely on CAF profiteering to bolster their funding. 
'Civil forfeiture is one of the greatest threats to property rights in the nation,” said IJ attorney Allison Daniel, also representing the Slatic family. 'Civil forfeiture takes the American principle of innocent until proven guilty and flips it on its head, treating property owners worse than criminals by making them prove their innocence.” 
At 7:30 in the morning on January 28, 2016 — as surveillance cameras outside and inside Med-West captured on video — the San Diego Joint Narcotics Task Force used a sledgehammer to break down the door of Slatic's legal business, and stormed in, pointing automatic weapons at the heads of innocent employees inside. 
Needlessly and recklessly, around 28 officers took everything of value inside, destroying and scattering property in the process. 
As Slatic told IJ, in addition to assets stolen from the business, the greedy cops cleared family bank accounts of over $100,000 — leaving his daughters scrambling to pay for school supplies, like college textbooks, while putting their tuition and fees in jeopardy. 
Annette Slatic, James' wife, who works as a nurse at the Veterans Administration, found out about the raid and financial seizure when she tried to pay for groceries that morning and had her card declined. Then her daughter, Penny, a high-schooler, tried to pay using her ATM card — and was also declined. Without notice, the Slatics suddenly found themselves essentially penniless and unsure how to afford basic needs. 
Now they're fighting to get everything back, since under California law, 'probable cause” a crime has been committed must be established before officers can use civil asset forfeiture to seize property and cash. 
As the Institute for Justice explains, 'Because police and prosecutors ignored Med-West's status as a legal marijuana business, they did not have probable cause to seize the Slatics' money. Even if Med-West had been an illegal operation (and it was not), the Slatics' personal money is not connected to the business.” 
Perhaps the Slatics will have better luck in getting justice than innumerable others who have been unfortunate enough to be victims of legalized robbery. 
Despite massive controversy surrounding the program — and one of its creators now denouncing the policing-for-profit scheme it has become — civil asset forfeiture won't be going anywhere soon. 
While some states have severely curtailed cops' ability to take your stuff, by implementing strictures requiring a conviction and similar limits, others have taken CAF to new levels. Oklahoma Highway Patrol began using a device called an ERAD , which scans bank and prepaid cards — right from a person's wallet — to seize all cash in an individual's account during a traffic stop if an officer even suspects a person of committing a drug-related offense. 
'Three decades ago, I helped create our civil asset forfeiture system,” wrote Brad Cates in an opinion piece for the Wall Street Journal , 'now it's time to end it.” 
This is what it's like to run a legal business, pay taxes, and follow the law in a Police State: Share

ARTICLE

Home / #Solutions / Dave Matthews Plays for Standing Rock Camp — Announces 'Stand with Standing Rock' Benefit Concert Dave Matthews Plays for Standing Rock Camp — Announces 'Stand with Standing Rock' Benefit Concert Jay Syrmopoulos November 2, 2016 1 Comment 
Cannon Ball, ND – Rock star Dave Matthews made an impromptu appearance at Standing Rock, performing for a small group at an overflow encampment. Footage of the undated performance was uploaded to YouTube on October 16, and shows Matthews performing his poignant song 'Don't Drink the Water.” Earlier in the day, Matthews had performed at Standing Rock Elementary as part of a program to promote the importance of art in schools. 'Just to be part of maybe helping inspire them to see the greatness inside of each of them, you know. And maybe inspire them to be everything that they could be,” said Dave Matthews. 
Yesterday, Matthews announced that he will be hosting a 'Stand With Standing Rock” benefit concert November 27 in Washington, D.C., in support of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe's continued fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL). The controversial oil pipeline would traverse tribal lands in both North and South Dakota and travel under the Missouri River – which potentially threatens the Standing Rock Sioux's source of clean water. 'How can we continue to allow oil money to dictate our environmental and social policies?” asked Matthews. 'The people of Standing Rock, and those who are supporting them, are standing up for their children and all of our children. We are letting the Dakota pipeline silence their voices. Not only are they desecrating sacred lands, but they also threaten to poison the Missouri River.” 
Proceeds from the benefit concert will go toward support of the Standing Rock Tribe's fight against the DAPL, providing funding for supplies, legal assistance and other necessities. 
Hundreds of tribes from across the nation have gathered to protest the oil pipeline, in what has been called 'the largest gathering of Native Americans in more than 100 years.” 
Matthews is the latest celebrity to use his star power to bring increased attention to the plight of the Standing Rock Sioux, as actor Mark Ruffalo, who plays the Incredible Hulk, recently visited the camps and presented them with mobile solar trailers . 
Prior to that, actress Shailene Woodley, who plays a hero revolutionary in the 'Divergent” film series, was arrested and charged with criminal trespass and engaging in a riot for protesting the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. Woodley was specifically targeted by law enforcement, as she was the only person arrested among the group of protestors — even though engaging in the exact same peaceful protest as the other water protectors. Was livestreaming on Facebook at the time of her arrest to 45,000 people. 
'This pipeline is a black snake that traverses four states and 200 waterways with fracked Bakken oil,” said Ruffalo, co-founder of The Solutions Project, a venture that works to transition society to clean and renewable energy. 'We know from experience that pipelines leak, explode, pollute and poison land and water. But it doesn't have to be that way.” 
The reality of the situation is that the Standing Rock tribe is fighting to protect their source of clean water. The Dakota Access Pipeline puts the tribe's clean water supply, as well as that of millions of others, in danger, as the pipeline is scheduled to go directly under the Missouri River. 
Seeing these multi-millionaire celebrities taking a stand for the Standing Rock Sioux is an example for all individuals; celebrity, and non-celebrity alike. Rather than simply donating money to a cause, these men and women are utilizing and leveraging their celebrity to bring much needed attention to the continued injustices being perpetuated against the Native American community. 
It's clear that Matthews, Ruffalo and Woodley have taken a page out of Gandhi's book, and are 'being the change they wish to see in the world.” 
Please share this inspiring human story — and take a stand for Standing Rock! Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Antiwar / Former CIA Officer: 'Every Single Terrorist Attack In US Was A False Flag Attack” Former CIA Officer: 'Every Single Terrorist Attack In US Was A False Flag Attack” Jay Syrmopoulos October 1, 2016 34 Comments 
Washington, D.C. — While it is a commonly know fact that the CIA utilizes foreign terror groups to destabilize governments targeted by the United States, a much lesser known fact is that numerous whistleblowers have come forward to claim that U.S. intelligence services not only use terrorism to achieve foreign policy goals, but to actually create domestic terror incidents to 'blind the masses.” 
The most recent intelligence whistleblower is David Steele, a 20-year Marine Corps intelligence officer, and the second-highest-ranking civilian in the U.S. Marine Corps Intelligence. 
Steele, a former CIA clandestine services case officer, had this to say: 
'Most terrorists are false flag terrorists, or are created by our own security services. In the United States, every single terrorist incident we have had has been a false flag, or has been an informant pushed on by the FBI. In fact, we now have citizens taking out restraining orders against FBI informants that are trying to incite terrorism. We've become a lunatic asylum.” 
Many people are confused as to what a false flag attack entails. A commonly held misperception is that there is no actual incident/event and it was all staged, but this definition is critically flawed, as a false flag attack actually describes a covert operation that is designed to deceive in such a way that the operations appear as though they are being carried out by entities, groups, or nations other than those who actually planned and executed them. 
An example of a false flag attack is Operation Northwoods, which was a proposed operation against the Cuban government that originated within the Department of Defense (DoD) and the Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) of the United States government in 1962. The proposals called for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) or other U.S. government operatives to commit acts of terrorism against American civilians and military targets, blaming it on the Cuban government, and using it to justify a war against Cuba. The proposals made it all the way to the president's desk, where they were rejected by John F. Kennedy. 
Many people believe the attacks of 9/11 to be a false flag event, perhaps orchestrated by U.S. intelligence services or an entity that operates above the level of government entities (commonly referred to as the deep state/military industrial complex.) 
The alleged purpose of this false flag attack was to justify the invasion of other countries, and usher in a heightened state of 'national security,” precipitating the curtailing of civil liberties in the name of 'safety.” 
In turn, the citizens of a state falsely believe that engaging in murderous wars are wholly justified and gladly accept new and intrusive security measures to protect the society. This often results in a false sense of patriotism that people have been indoctrinated into believing due to their skewed perception of reality. Subsequently, men and women join the military machine with good hearts, believing that they are serving in the name of freedom and fighting terrorism — when what they are actually doing is the complete opposite. 
'The truth is, there is no Islamic army or terrorist group called Al-Qaeda, and any informed intelligence officer knows this. But, there is a propaganda campaign to make the public believe in the presence of an intensified entity representing the 'devil' only in order to drive TV watchers to accept a unified international leadership for a war against terrorism. The country behind this propaganda is the United States.” – Former British Foreign Secretary, Robin Cook. 
The reality is that people are participating in fabricated wars based on lies and misinformation sold to the public as truth. Share ♓Ξ▲ѴƳ Ƙ∆RM∆~Ð∈ßϯ ＳᏝ▲V∈ 
'Surprise, surprise, surprise”! ~ Gomer Pyle Jamie Hall 
Nice touch. Karel Bellic 
well if the thuglivesmatter brigade actually stopped, and dropped their guns when told to do so, then they wouldnt get shot dead. Its not rocket science. (Although, to some sections of the 'public' it may seem like a really intelligent thing to do, so for that reason alone, they dont do it…. ) JennaTrull 
You're not even trolling the right article, you racist fuckwit! Hugh Culliton 
Jenna, you just made me actually laugh milk out my nose! Thank you for making my night! LOTFL! Beasy 
Naive, you're exactly the type of person he's talking about that'll believe anything the government says ,even though people are protesting the unarmed killings SAVAGE MoBetta Jenkum 
Bill Clinton had a 12 year affair with his Oval Office secretary Whitney Gilmore. They have a daughter together Alyssa Gilmore. Jay 
You really are the quintessential example of the type of people who caused the rise of Hitler in '33 and kept him in power when murdering millions of innocent people. You should be ashamed of yourself, that you even call yourself an 'American” is absolutely resentfully disgusting. gininitaly 
2016 to date 70 cops supposedly killed in the line of 'duty' while 863 of all races were killed by the thugs in blue. Do you know what racism is, other than the bad habit of the ignorant? The great distraction for bigots, while your government and their corporate/bankster buddies extract the wealth of America into their pockets. Anonymous 
What does BLM have to do with false flag attacks??? m96 
Funded by Soros? 🙂 Anonymous 
Soros funds all the false flag attacks??? We aren't a fan of Soros, but would you have any proof of that? Karel Bellic 
well, my tablet is lagging again, but… who cares. ,;-) Paschn 
Doubtless a covert action by that conglomerate Obama 'gifted” our internet to. My desk top has been 'jitter-bugging” for months. Nite_Owl 
Well if Soviet Government TV says so it MUST be true! Really FTP? With all the disgusting truth out there you can print you resort to these crap dealers as sources? When did you start swallowing Putin's ejaculate? That's just lazy BS tabloid journalism on par with the National Enquirer. Carolyn Pearl 
Had you thought to do any research, even Wikipedia, you'd find that Operation Northwoods was a genuine psy-ops plan that involved, amongst other things, creating terrorist incidents within the USA which would give us an excuse to invade Cuba. Several other Operations were aligned with it, including plans to blow up a jet, use terrorism in Florida and on our own naval bases. If you're going to be naive that's your choice, but I'd personally rather face the possibility of a different truth than what we're spoon fed. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Northwoods Nite_Owl 
The US government and military have plans for everything. They have plans for the stupidest things you could possibly think of from repelling Martian invasion fleets to attacking and occupying every country on earth including their closest friends. See The Men Who Stare at Goats for an amusing look at one of their better plans.Staring at goats to try and kill them and yes you funded that. The truth is they're mostly all clinically insane and shouldn't even be allowed near matches let alone a whole fucking country's people and resources but here we are. Would a sane country let a man like Trump ANYWHERE near the Oval Office? lcj240 
Would a sane country where people actually look at the candidates records and policies ever let a warmonger like Hillary be in control? junktex

ARTICLE

Home / BREAKING NEWS / Leaked Email Proves New Clinton DOJ Investigator Tipped Off Hillary's Campaign During First Investigation Leaked Email Proves New Clinton DOJ Investigator Tipped Off Hillary's Campaign During First Investigation Claire Bernish November 2, 2016 1 Comment 
Just yesterday, The Free Thought Project reported how the new Department of Justice investigation of Hillary Clinton is fated to fail from jump street, since Clinton campaign chair John Podesta's best friend, Peter Kadzik, heads the probe — and now, evidence has surfaced veritably proving that theory. 
As Assistant Attorney General, Kadzik vowed in an anomalous letter to Congress Monday the Justice Department would 'continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible” in its newly reopened investigation of Clinton's emails, through documents from top aide, Huma Abedin, as discovered on the computer of her now-estranged and disgraced husband, Anthony Weiner . 
But, as it turns out, Kadzik gave Podesta the 'Heads up” on March 19, 2015— via his personal Gmail account , not his government-issued email account — that 'There is a HJC oversight hearing today where the head of our Civil Division will testify. Likely to get questions on State Department emails. Another filing in the FOIA case went in last night or will go in this am that indicates it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails.” 
To say tipping off the Clinton camp about Department of Justice business — through a personal, more covert email account, no less — is an ethically and morally questionable move would be a serious understatement of the nature of the collusion. 
It would seem, if Kadzik indeed tipped off Clinton insiders more than once, the announcement of another probe only constitutes empty talk to placate politicians and the public now seething over continued revelations from Podesta's emails now published on a daily basis by Wikileaks. 
In fact, this one email suggests the DOJ held intense bias in favor of Hillary Clinton during its first investigation — and with Kadzik again heading the second probe, any claims of 'impartiality' can be effectively abandoned. 
Reopening both the FBI and DOJ investigations has sparked serious contention both in and between the two, as well as spawning sharp criticism from former officials concerned protocol has been dismissed in the process. 
Rep. Adam Schiff said FBI Director James Comey's publicly announcing the reopening its investigation put an 'enormous hand on the scale in a political contest,” the Wall Street Journal reported . 
Schiff, a former assistant U.S. attorney, said the FBI has guidelines preventing such public announcements as the information could sway, or be viewed as influencing, a 'political contest in its final days.' 
'Clearly here the [FBI] director did not have the facts,” he railed, as the WSJ reported. 'He had not read the emails. He didn't know if they were significant or not, and I think we are seeing in all of its graphic character just why these DOJ policies exist.” 
Kadzik, in fact — as Wikileaks also revealed — had dinner with Hillary Clinton just one day after she testified before the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October. Further, as the Daily Caller reported , 
'Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta's birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik's son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign.” 
With the DOJ at least minimally compromised with Clinton insiders and sympathizers — and the FBI additionally so, considering Comey's decades-long relationship with the Clinton family — it would seem both investigations are doomed to fail, whether or not any of the players actually misbehaved. Share Google + Phil Freeman 
Doesn't matter, election results are in before the voting ends look and share before this is taken down http://82.221.129.208/basepaget2.html Jim Stone'found the hidden msm page that controls the narrative. Social

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Cop's Attempt to Abuse His Authority During Fit of Road Rage is Shutdown by Informed Citizen Cop's Attempt to Abuse His Authority During Fit of Road Rage is Shutdown by Informed Citizen Matt Agorist June 14, 2016 9 Comments 
Baldwin, AL — Jonathon Hinote was out with a friend enjoying a boat ride this weekend when he was stopped, harassed and promised a citation for legally practicing his freedom of speech. 
The incident began as Hinote was attempting to pull out into traffic. According to Hinote, he was trying to merge onto the highway, when Pritchard police officer Lopez pulled behind him. Lopez, according to Hinote, became impatient and laid on his horn. 
'I gave him the finger for beeping at me to pull out into oncoming traffic when I had a 20 ft trailer behind my truck,” recalls Hinote. 
After Hinote had expressed his feelings about being honked at, the officer became enraged and proceeded to abuse his power. 
Flipping the bird has been ruled to be free speech many times over. In fact, in a 14-page opinion, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 2nd Circuit addressed the specific action of flipping off cops when it ruled that the 'ancient gesture of insult is not the basis for a reasonable suspicion of a traffic violation or impending criminal activity.” 
However, we've seen citizens pepper-sprayed, assaulted, and arrested for this act of free speech. And, as the video below shows, police could not care less about protecting your free speech if it's something they don't like. 
'What gives you the right to flip me off at the intersection?” asks the officer, apparently oblivious to the Bill of Rights. 
Hinote attempts to explain that the officer was honking at him which sparked the hand gesture. 
'If somebody comes up to you and flips you off, what would you do?” asks the clearly oblivious officer. 
Well officer, if someone flips off those of us in the citizen class, we can't do anything about it, because it is an act of free speech and being offended gives you no legal right to initiate violence or attempt to detain that person at all. 
However, because this officer has a badge and a gun, he is able to detain otherwise entirely innocent people for his own personal vendetta. 
Hinote then proceeds to explain to Lopez that the Supreme Court has, in fact, ruled that flipping the bird is 100 percent protected — even when it's aimed at police officers. 
When the officer is schooled on the law, he does what many other officers do and tries to turn freedom of speech into 'disorderly conduct.' But he's dealing with someone who clearly knows his rights. 
'Am I being detained?” asks Hinote. 
'Yes, see those blue lights? You are being detained,” replies officer Lopez. 
Hinote knows he did nothing wrong, so he stands his ground. Eventually, the officer realizes he has no legal basis for the stop and backs down, but not before threatening an act of extortion through the mail. 
Below is an example of how police can and will act out their rage with impunity — for the simple fact they have a badge and a gun. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist Share

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / BREAKING: Supreme Court Rules Cops Can Break the Law to Enforce the Law BREAKING: Supreme Court Rules Cops Can Break the Law to Enforce the Law Matt Agorist June 20, 2016 44 Comments 
Washington D.C. — In another devastating blow to the 4th Amendment, on Monday, the Supreme Court ruled that evidence of an alleged crime can be used against a defendant even if police did something inappropriate or even illegal to obtain it. 
In a split 5-3 decision, the justices voted to reinstate the drug-related convictions of Joseph Edward Strieff. In the case of Strieff, he was illegally detained during a 'concededly unconstitutional detention,” which eventually led to the discovery of drugs inside his vehicle. 
In Strieff's case, a trial court judge later found that the officer did not have enough evidence to initially stop and question him. But the judge ruled that Strieff's subsequent arrest on an outstanding traffic warrant justified the search — implying that the use of criminal behavior to catch criminal behavior is just. The Utah Court of Appeals agreed with the trial court that the drug evidence was admissible at trial, but, in a moment of logic, the Utah Supreme Court last year reversed that decision. The Utah Supreme Court noted in its January 2015 decision that the case presented 'a gap of substantial significance” in terms of prior rulings by the U.S. Supreme Court on Fourth Amendment issues, and that other courts that have addressed the issue have come to 'substantially different conclusions” regarding search and seizure law. 
The Fourth Amendment exclusionary rule allows criminal defendants to suppress 'fruit of the poisonous tree”— that is, evidence obtained as a result of a search or seizure that violates the Fourth Amendment. The reason this rule exists is due to the obvious conflict of interests in cops breaking the law to enforce the law. 
However, thanks to Monday's ruling by the Supreme Court, that is exactly what will happen now. Police have essentially been given a free pass to violate the rights of individuals — just so long as they find evidence of a 'crime.' 
On Monday, the logic applied by the Utah Supreme Court in 2015, was thrown to the wayside in a handout to the police state. 
Given the reality of the militarized police state rising up from the horrors of the war on drugs, the fact that cops can now legally act illegally to bust people for possessing arbitrary substances is chilling. 
As if breaking the law wasn't enough, prior to this ruling, p olice were no longer required to even give the appearance of an understanding of the laws they're tasked with enforcing, thanks to a recent court decision surpassing even the veritable green light previously granted in Heien v. North Carolina . 
In the Heien case, the Supreme Court ruled a 'police officer's reasonable mistake of law gives rise to reasonable suspicion that justifies a traffic stop under the Fourth Amendment.” A motorist's broken tail light caused an officer to make a traffic stop — during which evidence of a separate violation of the law was discovered in the vehicle. 
But in North Carolina, a broken tail light wasn't illegal, thus not sufficient cause to justify the stop — nor the arrests stemming from it, lawyers argued, because that would be a violation of unreasonable searches and seizures. 
However, the Supreme Court ruled the officer's ignorance of the law essentially didn't matter — effectively allowing police around the country the ability to make stops if they 'reasonably' believe the cause for the stop is legal. Plainly, police can stop and search you despite ignorance of the law. 
Now, in U.S. v Shelton Barnes et. al. — a case that seemed to slip by largely unnoticed — even that flimsy justification has been deemed too constricting of police power, and police ignorance can actually be used against you in a trial. 
On Monday, Justice Sonia Sotomayor said in dissent that the decision in Utah vs. Edward Joseph Strieff, is a blow to constitutional rights. 
'The court today holds that the discovery of a warrant for an unpaid parking ticket will forgive a police officer's violation of your Fourth Amendment rights,” Sotomayor wrote. 
Sotomayor's dissent was joined by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Justice Elena Kagan. 
Now, police need not understand the law, or even abide by the law — to enforce the law. In what world is this considered acceptable? Share 
yeah we're fucked and here comes the revolution! kiljoy616 
True that many will be screwed but there will be no revolution, best to learn how to navigate this new world you live in. Gene 
U …….sheep, there's an actual revolution going on right now, it's just not televised so sheep like you stay ignorant. Wolf-PAC.com is a Constitutional amendment, by the American people, to get the money out of politics. To end the oligarchy. 4 states have already passed it, 11 more to go. Pay attention sheep, they got you by the balls. Even this site is ignoring it, makes me wonder. ThomasJefferson 
LMAO! Do you REALLY think that will make any difference? Hell, there's a a couple of movements that actually, if they were to be carried through with, would go further toward fixing the problem, but some of the state reps that have pledged their support are the very ones that are a MAJOR part of the problem!. Tabbytha 
I seriously doubt they will succeed in the long run. Sheep. 
What's good for the goose is good for the gander Greg Geitner 
copsucker is a term used to describe a spineless animal that believes law enforcement should always be obeyed. ThomasJefferson 
People don't have the balls to revolt anymore! Theyr cross their fingers and HOPE, that the sh*t dont hit the fan in their own little world. The REALLY stupid ones think it will never happen to them, ether because of some false sense of superiority, or because they think that so long as they keep their nose planted firmly in their Master's Ass,that nothing bad will come to them via 'The Pigs” Nothing but dumb luck can save ANYONE from the Gestapo now. LexRex Mann 
Are you organizing an overthrow? Email me. Jude Rene Montarsi 
http://www.garynorth.com/public/12619print.cfm Gene 
Could you provide links? Sometimes you go off the rails with your propaganda. Like the story of the DEA declassifying cannabis, they came out and said that wasn't true. I do my own research, guess I'm whining for convenience. Richard Brooks 
http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/supreme-court-refines-rules-governing-police-conduct avelworldcreator 
Here's the problem. They guy already had a warrant even if the officer hadn't used that fact in the stop and search. Sadly the Court has said such pre-existing circumstances can cover a multitude of ills. In short he had grounds to do an arrest and a search already even if he wasn't aware of their existence. It's bullshit, but there it is. Betty Anne Emery Rubendall 
Do you mean, if cop had run his tags, the warrant would have shown? I wonder why he didn't. avelworldcreator 
Doesn't sound like the cop in this case was bright enough to follow procedure or, more likely, he didn't care and just wanted to fuck with someone. Even more likely it was a combination of both. He simply got 'lucky”. William Keen 
In 'Obama's World” of course! 
But, what difference does any of this make? YOU act like 'Executive Orders” are valid! This website quotes them as being Lawful Orders just because a POtuS signs them. 
Obviously, the Constitution for the United States of America has no meaning anywhere anymore. It doesn't matter which Amendment you ignore when the On-The-Street, Militarily Trained and equipped cop is ignorant of the law in their jurisdiction and the courts allow that! 
Take out the Kings-of-Corruption (US Supreme Court), the BAR Association (13th Amendment violation) and the local goons and let's START OVER! ThomasJefferson 
What an IDIOT!!! Dude, the ground work was laid for this trashing of the constitution by Ronald Reagan. And NOW idiots, think that DUMP is the answer! For all the good a president can do, people better wake up and vote Libertarian, Gary Johnson!. Any thing else is another MAJOR blow to the constitution. In fact, its probably trashed beyond anything less than a revolution will fix already! LexRex Mann 
Why call him an idiot? He never mentions Trump. You are the one taken in by the fraud of election. Don't you get it? Voting is a waste of time! Who counts the votes? Why is it done in secret? Do you really trust them to count votes accurately? Again: 'Take out the Kings-of-Corruption (US Supreme Court), the BAR Association (13th Amendment violation) and the local goons and let's START OVER!” ThomasJefferson 
Nope, he doesn't mention mention Trump! The comment wasn't aimed at him per se. I'm so used to reading comments from the sheeple that are guzzling Dump Kool-aid, it was I suppose what is known in military parlance as a preemptive strike. While I agree with you in theory, 100%, for the moment, I think the vote thing for what it's worth, (if enough people would break the chains that bind their minds, and vote contrary to programming,) would upset the proverbial apple-cart. Hell, a liberty leaning candidate may not become president, but enough people might wake up to the very facts you made mention of and at last begin a meaningful revolt. Sorry I can't condense where this could lead and don'tr really have the time at the moment to follow through with his concept but you're a sharp guy, just think what a little enlightenment, and the motivation of people of real action could accomplish. It's how AMERICA ,came into existence to begin with. The Federal Farmer 
Yes, start over because we *need* a government, right? How about we just dissolve the federal government and replace it (again) with 50 individual sovereign governments…to start with. jonn 
So the SCOTUS has to protect cops over protecting The Constitution or American Citizens because cops are too stupid to understand The Constitution or local laws? vera4576 
I currently make close to 6.000-8.000 bucks /month from freelancing at home. Those who are looking to complete simple online work for 2-5 h a day at your house and get valuable paycheck while doing it… Then this work opportunity is for you… http://ow.ly/9Dxq300yJFs gininitaly 
That's because the goal is a police state here and everywhere else, ruled by the new world order of fascists.. the int'l central bankers/mega corporate/military industrial complex cabal of psychopaths who have manipulated and bought themselves into this position. This is what monopoly capitalism evolves to… the unquenchable desire for money and power at any cost to the human race. They should all be hung on the White House steps. Our days are numbered, unless we rise up. jonn 
I don't think real Americans are going to let this Country fall completely into a police state. I believe there will be a event so horrific by the govt that the 'million man march” will happen and these elected officials will be dragged out of their ivory towers and be tarred and feathered and run out of town. Too many normal Americans, too many veterans, too many freedom loving people for the govt to completely control. gininitaly 
Knock wood…. altho I've been waiting 10 long years watching our former rights disappear one after another… and still too many are sparring with the illusions of enemies manufactured for us, instead the real ones right here in the highest seats of our government. LexRex Mann 
Exactly– even as 'truthers” gow in numbers, we become divided by things like whether the earth is flat, whether to 'vote” for Sanders or Trump, whether to hate Muslims or not, etc., etc., etc. They'll have us killing each other before we get to the steps of Congress. We've been divided and conquered. I keep telling people posting these memes on facebook to forget differences like these and stay focused on the real enemy, but sadly not many seem to be listening. gininitaly 
Absolutely!!! I do the same and see as you have that that insidious flat screen in everyones homes is the grand distractor and brain washer par excellence… which is why 6 companies own 90% of the media all preaching, fear, fake enemies and outright lies. But too many are still in denial since Sept. 11, 2001 as if the obvious didn't really happen as they've been told it did, that somehow America will just bounce back and be itself again…. Foolish pipe dream… and dangerous one that will enslave us, that noose is tightening everyday as this article just proved. 
As Hitler said: 'If you tell a big enough lie and tell it frequently enough, it will be believed.” 
So a war mongering, murdering Imperialist gov that created terror in the first place and has now allowed our police to terrorize it's own citizens… by throwing a traitorous SCOTUS into the mix, whittling whittling away at our former Constitutional protections and what do you get? National and global chaos like America has never witnessed in it's short but intense life. Fiona Clark 
I couldn't have said it better myself. People are waking up but way to slowly. Does something actually have to hit them in the face before they can see it. Joseph Edward Bodden 
I voted for Bernie. They said I would be wasting my vote. But please explain to me how my failing to vote for the only decent candidate and voting instead for a choice of nutter or criminal is NOT wasting my vote? And how did the DNC get the power to rule out Bernie as a candidate? I cannot find it in the Constitution… BanishedJester 
'Real” Americans already allowed the full insertion of the police state when we allowed the government to form SWAT teams and then to use them to break into peoples' homes for allegedly using plants. Plants! We are already fucked and it is time for us to begin dealing with the treason that abounds. Cops, lawyers, judges, legislatures should all hang for what we have allowed them to do. Nothing will change with any less effort. Nunya 
They don't have to know or follow the laws, it is called law EFORCEMENT. Just do that… Frank Welsh 
Utah's Supreme Court is an Administrative Branch, the real Common Law Supreme Court is in Pennsylvania. Betty Anne Emery Rubendall 
And every time they rule in favor of the PLEBS, new laws are written. I despise living here!! 
A minor traffic warrant is cause for a search? Bullshit! http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/sonia-sotomayor-police_us_57680301e4b0fbbc8beaf4ae anarchyst 
For solutions to curtail the police state, obtain and read 'Unintended Consequences” by John Ross. This book is a history lesson, a technical manual and a 'how to” book on how to take back our government. When this book first came out, sellers of this book were routinely harassed by FBI, ATF, DEA and other 'alphabet agency” enforcers. Sorta tells you something about the contents… Philip Tomlins 
Thank Fuck I don't live there, were fucked up here, but at least we the people have some control. Steve Rusk 
What we know as law is purely illusion. What cops and the judiciary do is the law, up to and including outright murder. Steve Rusk 
Ignorance of the law is no excuse, unless of course you're a cop. dennisbohner 
I notice that it was the WOMEN who defended we commoners. Is it a reality that male asshats are in the legal profession to make decisions that fit the patriarchial ideals of suppression of others and control? WTF is wrong with the ideals that they gained? Nearly everything. Tabbytha 
As long as a person is doing what is right, who cares what gender they are? So many men and women are NOT doing what is right, finding those who do is uncommon these days, lets not make this a gender issue and be glad some good people still exist. I wish more people would speak up, the world is pretty much going to hell in a handbasket and the US is in deep trouble right now. Robert Farrior 
The police state marches on, here again under the impetus of the selective drug war, the number one fount of tyranny in this nation! They must all be removed from power! robertsrevolution.net 
Remember, cops and judges ain't bulletproof. MaryMacMaster 
not these Nimrods sitting on the U.S. Supreme Court swear a sacred oath and make a covenant to honor, uphold and defend the U.S. Constitution???

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Breaking: Emergency Call to Action at Standing Rock as Police Violently Attack Prayer Ceremony Breaking: Emergency Call to Action at Standing Rock as Police Violently Attack Prayer Ceremony Jay Syrmopoulos November 2, 2016 11 Comments 
Cannon Ball, ND – Law enforcement responded violently to water protectors attempting build a wooden footbridge across a creek linking the main Native encampment and the Dakota Access Pipeline construction area for a prayer ceremony. The police responded with a vicious assault on the peaceful water protectors. Breaking: hundreds of #NoDAPL water protectors attempting to cross foot bridges built over Cannonball river to reach DAPL construction area 
The Guardian reports : 
The US army corps of engineers has ordered North Dakota police to arrest Native American protesters and destroy a bridge that activists built over a creek at the center of the increasingly tense Dakota Access pipeline demonstrations. 
The Morton County sheriff's office announced on Wednesday that police were in a 'standoff with protesters on the banks of the Cantapeta Creek” while activists said they were engaged in a peaceful water ceremony. 
The situation raised concerns that there could be more mass arrests and violent clashes with police. 
The tense situation erupted into state sponsored violence as law enforcement began spraying water protectors attempting to cross the creek with pepper spray, with reports of a water protector being shot in the back by a non-lethal round. 
The situation on the ground is tense and many there feel that this conflict is coming to a head with these latest police actions. 
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has given the county orders to remove the makeshift bridge and arrest any protesters who cross the Cantapeta Creek for criminal trespass, according to Morton County spokeswoman Donnell Preskey. 
'Protesters involved in this activity are violating numerous federal and state laws,” Pesky said. 
According to a report by Forum News Service : 
The Corps owns a sliver of land on the north side of the creek, Preskey said. Citing free speech rights, the Corps has been allowing hundreds and sometimes thousands of Native Americans and other pipeline protesters to camp on Corps land south of the creek along the nearby Cannonball River since Aug. 10 Variety of officers have been regularly spraying water protectors with pepper spray; more await in boats nearby. pic.twitter.com/y5ep8PczqK 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) November 2, 2016 
The water protectors were attempting to build a bridge to gain access to a pipeline construction area near Cannonball Ranch. Access to that area was cut off last week, after the militarized police crackdown on the 'Treaty Camp” that saw more than 140 water arrested. Barrier of logs and rope has been constructed, placed the water by #NoDAPL water protectors. More officers arriving, lining up on the shore. pic.twitter.com/LY4TbioL6z 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) November 2, 2016 
We will keep you updated to this intense breaking situation. Please share this story to get the word out about what is happening on the ground at Standing Rock! Share Google + AlPennG 
TIME WE THE PEOPLE TAKE UP ARMS AND START SHOOTING BACK!! TIME THESE CRIMINAL COPS BE TREATED LIKE WHAT THEY ARE TERRORISTS PERIOD!!!! SORRY BUT THAT SEEMS TO BE THE ONLY THING OUR GOVERNMENT UNDERSTANDS https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8f2d1d284997f291ece8ef19beb5ed9363cbd1115c9edc352271f40a95ccc3aa.jpg Ian Purcell 
Government is treason against the Great Spirit of GOD. Razedbywolvs 
The Government does regulate the corporations. This is what you wanted. Phil Freeman 
Power is never conceded willingly. john smith 
the last time i heard the drums like that they were used a psychological warfare in ukraine to get people to fight while snipers shot both sides… Phil Freeman

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / An ex-police Sergent tells how and why you should fight ALL speeding fines An ex-police Sergent tells how and why you should fight ALL speeding fines 
DriftSpec.org 
My name is Stan. I am a retired Sergeant of the Police force for 14 years. I was also a police prosecutor at times, so I know what I am talking about. I spent half my life in Magistrates Court during my time in the Force. I was only ever a very fair copper, and I am proud of my time in the job, looking after the interests of citizens, often to the detriment of my family and my health. 
I never booked any driver for a trifling offence 'ever”. People committing trifling offences commonly used to get a warning and a licence / vehicle check. It had to be serious before I booked anyone. 
I am so annoyed at what is happening these days, in what I call 'Indiscriminate revenue gathering” It is absolutely disgusting. The government and the Police Force need to hang their heads in shame. If you did a survey of current serving members of the police forces in this country, you would be hard pushed to find many who disagree with me. 
I know how the legal system works, and I know how to beat the system. This is how to do it, and if about 10% of all drivers booked follow my specific instructions, then the entire system will crash and become unworkable to the extent, that the government will have no choice but to stop issuing fines for every type of traffic offence. The whole lot of them. Seriously. 
I do not feel guilty about coming out with this information, as I think it's about time someone stood up for hard working, civil minded, law abiding taxpayers in this country, who are being screwed. 
This is very simple and very basic. The idea is to clog up the system in the traffic camera office and the courts by drivers exercising their rights to remain innocent until proven guilty. 
SIMPLE BASIC LEGAL STEPS TO FOLLOW . 
1. Do not accept the alleged offence. There are numerous valid reasons to dispute every single alleged offence. Often the charges are incorrect or the evidence is illegally or incorrectly gathered. 
2. Challenge it, tell them that you are going to defend the matter. Make them earn their miserable $150 or $200 or whatever. They have to prepare evidence and witnesses. Just the wages for the camera operator or the Policeman on the day of the court, will be more than the actual fine. You are also taking a camera operator or a member of the Police Force off the street for the day. But it won't get to that point…..read on…. 
3. If a court date is ever set, and it does not suit you, do not accept it, ask for a delay to a time and place that suits you. 
4. When they re set the date, delay it as often as possible. keep pleading not guilty all through the process. You have every right to be sick, or go for an adjournment if the day does not suit for any legitimate reason. For example you may have pressing family or work commitments which prevent you from attending a particular court on a particular day. 
5. If it ever actually gets to court, (which is unlikely if everyone does this) and if you are unwell that day, ring the court in the morning and tell them that you cannot make it as you are sick. The camera operator, and a police prosecutor will already be at court, and will be greatly inconvenienced, by having to come back another day. The whole time this is going on, the amount of paperwork involved at the traffic camera office is huge. Several staff are involved, and it rapidly becomes very costly, probably running into thousands. …..with me so far…..keep reading……. 
6. The court system is then placed under such a massive load by people who wanted 'their day in court” that it simply will not be able to cope unless they open up about another 50 magistrates courts, and this is obviously going to cost the government a lot more than any revenue raised. If all the above fails, which is highly unlikely….and you actually go to court and get convicted……you have a right of appeal. Make sure you appeal the conviction. You don't need to be a rocket scientist to see what happens. They are not going to spend millions chasing hundreds. 
7 Tell everyone you know to challenge their alleged offences, and the entire system will crash within a few weeks. 
8. Please pass this on. AND ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT YOU ARE INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY AND THAT THERE IS A VERY HIGH PROBABILITY THAT THE EVIDENCE USED AGAINST YOU IS WRONG. YOU HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO CHALLENGE ANY ALLEGED OFFENCE. THIS IS WHY COURTS EXIST….SO USE THEM……A LOT. 
Regards, like, share, and comment. make a change! this isn't hard to do, but it will help everyone. 
The article originally published at Driftspec.org and although it is from our friends from across the pond, the information is invaluable as well as universally applicable. Share

ARTICLE

United Nations Finally Acknowledges US-Backed Rebels in Syria are Murdering Civilians Home / #Solutions / When Good People Share Bad Things — Here's Why You Need to Fact Check Before You Click Share When Good People Share Bad Things — Here's Why You Need to Fact Check Before You Click Share Claire Bernish November 3, 2016 2 Comments 
Disinformation. Misinformation. Propaganda. Outright lies. Purposeful distractions. Misleading bias. All tools of the government and close ally, corporate media, to keep the public unwise to the depth and breadth of imperialistic actions taking place around the world — and ever-encroaching surveillance and police states inside the borders of the United States. 
Perhaps you have been fortunate enough to begin pulling back the curtain on the inner workings of the government — the tandem dealings by politicians, regardless of party affiliation — to exploit the public in as many ways possible for the profits of elite politicians, corporations, industries, and banks. 
And what frequently starts as a trickle of paradigm-shifting new information, quickly forces open the floodgates — as the realization things aren't at all as they hammered into your psyche for years through State-sponsored indoctrination of public education. It can be overwhelming — and you likely want to 'wake up' others to this reality — but there are pitfalls in doing so, marked by the same tactics the State employed to fool you in the first place. 
Disinformation. Misinformation. Propaganda. Outright lies. Purposeful distractions. Misleading bias. 
Sound familiar? 
With the sheer amplitude and magnitude of corruption exposed on a daily basis in the lead-up to the November 8th presidential election, alerting friends and family could seem more imperative than ever — but the aforementioned traps should and must be avoided at all costs — even when it comes from outlets posing as an answer to the mainstream. Let it be noted, that is not to decry credible, consistent independent and alternative media outlets — but it's crucial to employ critical thinking and a bit of research to separate those with integrity from the mendacious and misleading. 
Spreading misinformation, false reports, and surreptitious propaganda does nothing to further the cause of truth — and, in fact, serves more to harm the credibility of legitimate reports in opposition to the dominant State narrative. Social media, however, has provided plenty of dry tinder for faulty info to spread like wildfire — either by the haplessly unaware, or by those with motives to ensure it quickly disseminates to cast doubt in the public mind. 
But there are a number of ways to divine authentic, genuine information from that meant to distract, divide, discredit, and delegitimize. 
Merriam-Webster's Unabridged Dictionary defines 'disinformation' as 'false information deliberately and often covertly spread (as by the planting of rumors) in order to influence public opinion or obscure the truth.” 
So common is disinformation, those familiar with it will destroy said item with facts before it gains traction in public forums — but rumors being rumors, sometimes take on a life of their own. Checking whether or not a new report has any basis is usually as easy as a web search for secondary reports from known credible sources parroting the same claim — indeed, one surefire clue a report might be false, or even satire, is a lack of hyperlinks to other sources. 
Misinformation, on the other hand, can present a trickier issue in that it can have at least a kernel of truth at its core — but the packaging, which can include blatant lies or opinion misconstrued as fact, intends to mislead. 
Political and elections polls tilt public opinion, and — when convincing — can even dissuade people from voting on candidates and issues they might otherwise deem critical. In fact, selectively cherry-picking a sampling pool — or crafting targeted questions — will dramatically and sometimes ridiculously fit results to glean a desired answer. Zero Hedge, for example, caught ABC News and the Washington Post in the act over the weekend, after their joint poll showed Hillary Clinton with a double-digit lead over Donald Trump — despite increasingly heated controversy from John Podesta's leaked emails. 
Every government on the planet employs propaganda to garner favor for policy and legislation — and more subtly to inculcate the citizenry into hollow feelings of nationalism, which serves little purpose other than fueling separation and pride based on the arbitrary geopolitical happenstance of one's birth. Although the most cunning propaganda is virtually imperceptible, this year's narrative of Russian aggression couldn't be more patently obvious if it tried. 
However, that's not to say the same idea of a Russian threat hasn't also crept into reports from supposed 'analysts,' as well. A number of generally credible outlets, rather than presenting analysis with open-ended outcomes, have taken the government's cue to warn of impending nuclear war at Pres. Vladimir Putin's behest — despite a lack of evidence to back the claim. Fearmongering, it should be noted, is a common tool of propagandists worldwide. 
Outright lies and deliberate distractions go hand-in-hand when it comes to parsing truth from fiction — and an unfortunately growing number of tabloid-esque outlets peddle absurd lies as truth in the interest of getting clicks. Notably, differentiating tabloid sites from credible alternative sources can be the most difficult to the newly 'awakening' truth-seeker. 
A fine line exists between attention-grabbing headlines topping truthful articles and head-turning captions screaming wholescale lies. Indeed, considering the populace-at-large now champions an attention span less than that of a goldfish, convincing readers to venture past the first two sentences of a legitimate article can be the most frustrating facet of the job of independent media journalist. Scammers and profit-seekers capitalize on the fact most will share a link without ever bothering to view its contents — no matter if the work constitutes so much garbage. 
Although it isn't an absolute guarantee, a wise axiom to follow stands the test of time: If it sounds too good or too absurd to be true, it probably is. If you're still uncertain, ask someone you trust, seek a second and third and fourth source, and, above all, do a little digging — after all, the Internet puts the world at everyone's fingertips. 
Journalism is not meant to be devoid of bias — on the contrary, good journalism persuades. However, bias can be employed in the extreme, easily bordering on misinformation. A topic proffered by FOX News and MSNBC will never be reported the same way — each has clear political bias and an agenda to push. Bias doesn't have to be quite so flagrant to be effective. 
So-called political pundits are a common tool used by corporate media to subtly infuse bias by appealing to the public trust of a putative 'expert' in the particular topic of discussion — and pundits are usually just political or party insiders, ex-government employees, and others with a vested interest in ensuring public opinion sways in a certain direction. Also, pundits and experts nearly always receive compensation for their input. 
A stellar recent example of a biased opinion presented as expert assessment came from former assistant FBI director James Kallstrom — a known devotee of presidential candidate Donald Trump — who castigated the Clintons for being a 'crime family.” While that point is debatable, the fact Kallstrom appeared as a former official of the government connoted insider knowledge — an appeal to his ostensible authority — and his diatribe went viral nearly immediately for its incendiary nature. It isn't so much that his opinion didn't deserve to be shared, but that it needed to be considered in light of his political desires — his characterization of the Clintons directly feeds Kallstrom's desire for Trump to win the White House. 
While each of these topics could and have filled tomes, hopefully this provides a gentle reminder to be wary of believing everything you read. As any journalist worth their salt will say, if you don't believe what's written, research it on your own. Follow links provided. Seek new information. Open your mind to new ideas and be willing to part with indoctrinated thoughts that no longer serve you. 
But don't be fooled — and it behooves all of us not to spread the sort of faulty information that discredits the general movement to expose the government's innumerable lies. Share Google + The Kali Whrite Boi 
Well, the evidence is substantial: The Clintons are a crime family. And in regard to bias: any degree of journalistic bias is a complete lack of journalistic integrity. imho Hawkeyerightsmart 
Thanks for the article. I try to do my best. I also ask that you make sure the pipeline protesters are legit. That looks suspiciously like the scenario that unfolded in Canada when protesters paid by interests in the US and elsewhere crippled our industry. Neil Young even whored himself and made an appearance, took a check and was never heard from again. Tides foundation funded by the Rockefellers for example. I think you may be backing the wrong side as the natives protesters up here have no honor. They are lying whores. Social Trending

ARTICLE

Home / Health / Medical Marijuana / After Fighting for Freedom, 76-yo Vet Sentenced to Die In Prison for Treating His Illness With Pot After Fighting for Freedom, 76-yo Vet Sentenced to Die In Prison for Treating His Illness With Pot Claire Bernish April 21, 2016 17 Comments 
As public frustration helps sound the death knell for the drug war, its arbitrary laws and policies appear even more absurd. In the latest inexcusable enforcement of an antiquated law, 76-year-old disabled veteran Lee Carroll Brooker will live out what should be his golden years behind bars — for simple possession of cannabis. 
Brooker had been treating multiple chronic conditions with cannabis he grew in his son's backyard; but when officials in Alabama officials discovered the three dozen plants, they threw him in prison for life — without the possibility of parole. 
Thanks to a pointless mandatory minimum sentencing catchall — and the Supreme Court's refusal to hear his case this week — Brooker has been left little recourse but to ultimately die in jail for treating his ailments with a plant. 
'Alabama, like three other states, mandates a life without parole sentence for simple possession of small amounts of marijuana by people with certain prior felony convictions — and Mr. Brooker had been convicted of a string of robberies twenty years earlier in Florida, crimes for which he served ten years in prison,” The New York Times explained . 'In such a case, the law doesn't require prosecutors to prove any intent to sell the drug.” 
Essentially, Brooker has been imprisoned twice for the same crime — because he sought relief from nature instead of arguably dangerous, legal and often lethal pharmaceuticals, courtesy of Big Pharma. Worse, Alabama's already irrational law sets the cutoff in a case like this at 2.2 pounds (1 kilogram), and Brooker's plants weighed just 2.8 pounds — but that included unusable parts, like stalks and leaves. 
Make no mistake — this is an unjust law, an unjust conviction, and a ridiculous capitulation by the Supreme Court to Alabama's archaic notion a nonviolent offense should somehow land a vet behind bars for life and separate him from his medicine — as if law were an inflexible monster to be beholden to, no matter its worth. 
In fact, as the Times pointed out, '[W]hile the sentence was mandatory, the prosecutor was not required to bring the precise charges that triggered it. Prosecutorial discretion here, as in most cases, is a central factor in determining what punishment defendants face.” 
In other words, the prosecutor railroaded Brooker over his personal, medicinal plants — by choice. Brooker, who joined the U.S. Army at age 17 and came under fire in both Lebanon and the Dominican Republic, eventually rose to the rank of sergeant in the 82nd Airborne — where he was decorated for infantry service. 
Vox reported that even 'notoriously conservative” Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore characterized Brooker's sentence as 'excessive and unjustified.” And according to the Times , the judge deciding the vet's fate would have preferred to hand down a lighter sentence, but once the charges had been brought as they were, he was obligated to enforce the letter of the law. 
Yes, this disabled man technically broke the law; but proffering such a rebuttal rings hollow, if not cold, considering the majority of Americans support cannabis legalization. Legality does not dictate morality. 
A growing segment of officials and public figures do, as well, as The Free Thought Project reported recently , more than 1,000 police, world leaders, celebrities, and others signed a letter calling to summarily end the disastrous war on drugs. 
In fact, though little comfort to Brooker now, the Drug Enforcement Agency will likely downgrade cannabis from its inexplicable Schedule 1 classification to Schedule 2 — as early as July of this year. Note that while a plethora of viable arguments can be asserted for rescheduling, considering states with laws like Alabama's — and cases like Brooker's — the slight concession by federal law would make a comparative, whopping difference. 
Brooker attempted to bring his case before the highest court in the land as an inarguable violation of the Constitution's ban on cruel and unusual punishment — to no avail. The court's stonewall, in itself, could be considered as much — in an increasing number of states, Brooker's so-called crime would have been perfectly legal. 
For now, though, it appears the 76-year-old will suffer the consequences of bad policy, unjustifiable law, and the cruelty of ostensible authority figures who were all just doing their jobs. 
Google + Harry Houston 
This is a MOTION FOR DISMISSAL that has worked in the NJ court system BROUGHT TO YOU BY NJWEEDMAN. I think it can be rewritten for any state. It uses U.S Pat # 6630507. I know little of the law however; I would add UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
Drug Enforcement Administration 
OPINION AND RECOMMENDED RULING, FINDINGS OF 
FACT, CONCLUSIONS OF LAW AND DECISION OF 
ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE 
FRANCIS L. YOUNG, Administrative Law Judge 
DATED: SEPTEMBER 6, 1988 
U.S. Pat US 20130059018 A1 
United States Patent Application 20130109747 
Also 
At one point, 14 people were getting government MARIJUANA … 
Now it is a numbers game we need to get this in as many courts as possible and keep appealing; sooner or later it will land in the lap of someone that will see it for what it is. When that happens, we win. 
Pass this on to any one that is in jail or going to or might be going to court for a cannabis charge!!! 
http://www.njweedman.com/PCR_challenge.pdf Lame Urinaldrama 
There are many bad typos in that motion pdf. For example, 'an unconstitutional law cannot be inconsistent with a valid one”, should read, '…cannot be consistent…”. 
I'm not sure if he can appeal at this point. You only have 10 days post conviction in my state. Getting MJ rescheduled, or a pardon from the Governor may be possible solutions. Maybe a 1983 federal civil rights violation could get his conviction overturned. I dunno. BillOtinger 
94% of the People in American Prison their was NO VICTIM States Draw Money from the Cesti Qui Vie Trust , they make Money off INMATES same when CPS, Also Called DHR takes a Child the County Makes Money , JURY NULLIFICATION is the Only Answer Right now , the JURY has the RIGHT to JUDGE the LAW James Michael 
This is treason and false imprisonment. THE STATE had NO cause of action against this man. This is kidnapping and treason flat out…. Chad 
because 'patriots” have absolutely no clue how laws work……. Chad is a phucking idiot 
You are dumber than rock. Troll boy Don 
The American government has grown so enormously corrupt and the people won't take up arms against it like the constitution tells them too…We are a nation of weak useless bystanders.. Do nothing to rock the unjust laws and corrupt politicians, which is every last one of them, and LET THE CORRUPTION OF OUR GOVERNMENT STEAL YOUR RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS RIGHT OUT FROM UNDER YOU…..It's probably already too late to try to revolt anymore… We, the stupid ignorant lazy people,,, have let them get away with this sooo long and done absolutely nothing to stop them.. SHAME ON AMERICAN'S. My Views 
Disgraceful Jerry Emery Delacruz 
Well, it's the country you fought for. And you were probably a real go getter in the war on drugs, until it came around and decided to bite you in the ass. Keep your cell clean and pay your debts, you'll be alright. Ed Crown 
Shut the fuck up you useless idiot. Jerry Emery Delacruz 
There's literally hundreds of thousands of people doing time, long time for smoking weed or getting high. There are old people, young people, veterans, church goers, and assholes. Just because this guy is a vet or old don't make him special. If you want to change a law, enforce it on everyone and see who starts whinning. You seem to have a problem with this guy doing time but are just fine with some youngster from the hood getting 25 to life for slingin' rock, as if his life doesn't matter. So until you can see the big pic, go fuck yourself and your phony ass sympathy. Shari Peterson 
All he has to do is re-state his union state Citizenship what he had upon being born – it was later that he adopted federal United States citizenship and all its compulsions. The 'State of

ARTICLE

Black Emanuelle fixed all that in 1976. Attila 
Speaking of Europeans Colonialism/exploitation and the Ottomans. Your Europe is only Western Europe. Eastern European countries were not colonizers. They never adventured outside of the continent either and never been in the slavery business. They were colonized, brutalized and saved by Asians inducing the Mongol Empire and the Muslim Ottoman Empire. So please refer to Western Europe only when you speak of Europe. Eastern Europeans were often the victims of none-whites and Islamic imperialism. Ever wondered why Hungary is not accepting any Muslim migrants? Attren 
Atilla, will you please be so kind as to reference some quality literature on this subject? I am most interested and want to learn more (eastern european). Thank you, brother. Attila 
Google the Mongol invasion of Hungary and Eastern Europe also the Ottoman period in Eastern Europe. Bob Btme 
I'm familiar with the story of the guy playing the trumpet in Poland who got the arrow in the neck. The history of the ancient cannabis- using Scythian marauders is also interesting, Bob Btme 
thanks Attila for educating us on that, I love history and barely received any during my 17 years spent in the USA public school system Rod 
The reason your not taught accurate history in school is that the book writers are formerly propaganda and car salesmen teachers. All one has to do is research the history of said companies like McGraw Hill and such. Sloane 
Attila is half telling the truth and half over-simplifying/lying Sloane 
Attila is clearly deranged. You shouldn't believe much of what he writes. Daniel Sandman 
hmm.. wouldn't the Visigoths count as eastern Europeans? They brought down the west roman empire and colonized it. And what about those Vandals? Attila 
There were many ethnic groups living in the Carpathian base or what is now Eastern Europe before Christian Europe was born. There were the Avars, Cumans, Gepids and many others who were pagans and did not have a state. They came and left. When Hungary and other Eastern European accepted Christianity and formed their own country that's the time they joined Europe and stayed and had their kingdoms. That's when countries become accountable. I'm concerned about Christian Europe because that's what Europe is today. That's what we protected and sacrificed so much for. Alejandra 
What do you think about your christian europe and the genocide at america? Attila 
You mean Western European colonial powers? As an Eastern European who's people suffered genocide from Asians ans Muslims and were left alone to defend Europe and betrayed by Western Europe I say some of those countries owe us a apology. France formed the Franco-Ottoman alliance basically legalizing our enslavement by the Muslim Ottomans. They betrayed Christian Europe and us Hungarians and the Serbians, Bulgarians, Romanians and Poles. France and some of the Western European colonial countries were not true Christians. If they were they would not let us to be enslaved by the Islamic Ottoman Empire. Funny how France was the first congratulating Suleiman the Magnificent after he defeated the Hungarians at Mohacs in 1526. Yes slavery was legal in the Ottoman Empire and France had no problem teaming up with our slave master and have our country turn in to a wasteland. Eastern Europeans don't think highly of Western Europeans. Eastern Europeans whites are proud people. niels groenbaek 
This old Europe was bad. France, Belgium did leave every country/territory in a mess Attila 
Just imagine. Europe was under threat of being conquered by the Ottomans. The sultans openly expressed their desire to conquer Europe and convert i it to Islam. They dreamed of converting the Vatican in to a mosque. Then you have France who formed and alliance with them. They truly betrayed not only the Eastern European countries who came under Islamic terror but Europe and Christianity as well. chris VN 
They've stopped dreaming about it and have been doing it by stealth for the last 50 or so years. John L. Wildman 
You need to shut the fuck up till you know what you're talking about. Simona Mamo 
The Raiders of the Ottoman empire also regularly raided Malta. We are a small island in the middle of the Mediterranean sea and stole the locals for slaves. Besides butchering and pillaging. Rod 
Much like columbus did to us native american 'indians” I suppose. Simona Mamo 
Lol. Well previous to the Spanish invasion for lack of a better word, they themselves had just liberated the Iberian peninsula(Spain) from the Moorish empire. Sad how people who have themselves had to fight for so long to free themselves from a conqurer yoke so easily become conquers themselves. In fact I believe I read somewhere that Isabella sent Colombus off in the hope of new trade routes to India as she needed money for her continuing war against the Ottoman empire.Trouble in one region always seems to spread. Diesel67 
War against the Ottoman Empire took a back seat to getting rid of Jews. Much of the Spanish Jews expelled in 1492 migrated to the Ottoman lands, so much so that the Ottoman sultan said in substance: Ferdinand calls himself a clever king but he enriches my kingdom even as he impoverishes his own. Of course all that changed when the Spanish conquered most of the Americas, plundered its resources and enslaved or killed the indigenous population (no worse than any other conquering empire throughout history). Simona Mamo 
Lol. Colombus actually took a Jew with him on his voyage of exploration. Sloane 
Well wouldn't geography play a big part in colonization? From what port could Hungary go and control a colony in Africa? Do you count Russians as Eastern Europeans? If so, then you can't say Eastern European countries were not colonizers. Attila 
Most of Russia is in Asia just like Turkey. Russia didn't slave or colonized African countries and was not in the slave trade at all. They didn't commit genocide against non Russians either as a colonizer. They didn't go further then some of their neighboring countries. The Soviet Union was bad but a different animal all together. Russia is not on the radar of progressive liberals and black activist who are the most vocal about the crimes of Colonialism. If you insist maybe I could say countries that are in Eastern Europe only or entirely Eastern European or central-East European countries. Sloane 
Russia didn't slave or colonize African countries but part of that is that they couldn't because of the Western Europeans already there (Russians DID attempt to try to expand into/colonize parts of Africa – https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/1rpfwp/russian_colonialism_in_africa/ ). My point is that you're oversimplifying history and victimizing Eastern Europeans in a thread about the Congo? Why? Have some respect and take your tirade elsewhere. Your post started with 'Speaking of Europeans Colonialism/exploitation and the Ottomans.” This article wasn't speaking about colonialism or the ottomans in general. You brought it in. 'Hungary had ports on the Adriatic see for hundreds of years.” And you just proved how expansionist the Hungarians were! And people are supposed to have sympathy for poor E. Europeans because they didn't get the chance to commit atrocities like their Western European counterparts? Give me a break! Attila 
You are one of those 'useful idiots” aren't you? Here is my solution for the idiots that includes many of the commentators also: Two words should not be used and those are WHITES and EUROPEANS. Instead use words like Western Europeans, Western European Colonial powers, Colonial Americans, Colonial Spain, England or what ever countries were the culprits. In the USA they should use words like European Americans, Western European Immigrants or Colonial Americans. Understand that your history is not our history and your crimes are not our crimes. Generalizing white Caucasians puts Eastern Europeans into the same category as a white slave keeper in colonial America hundreds of years ago or a Belgian murderer in Africa. It seems you have a sick need to drag down all white people and equal them to those who violated non-Whites. We are from the other half of Europe, from other countries with a totally different historical background and we have absolutely nothing to do with colonization and slavery. Do you understand the difference between Eastern Europe and Western Europe? To put it simple: West was the colonizer vs. East which was colonized. I'm asking you to be considerate of us and stop the anti-white bigotry.﻿ If progressives keep using terms such as legacy of European exploitation, white racism and many other insults I encourage that you talk to Eastern Europeans such as Poles, Czechs, Croats, Slovaks and Hungarians and ask them what they think about the practice of generalizing whites and Europeans. They will tell you that you are embarrassing and you don't talk on their behalf. Don't be surprised if they express their disgust if you try to patronize them like you are trying me. Believe me the the West have no idea just how low opinion Eastern Europeans have for the West because the anti-white narrative and views the West holds. The more Eastern European EU countries become mainstream the more we are going to oppose you and will not going to put up with racism that we don't deserve. You can bet on it.﻿ You attempt to get sympathy for the victims of Congo while you trash Europe will not get any respect from us. As per your comment about having a port on the Adriatic sea at the expense of other nations just shows how little you know. Hungarians never treated Croatia as colony and certainly didn't oppress or violated Croatians. It was a union that benefited both countries especially protecting the borders against the Islamic Imperialist. Why don't you ask Croatians about what they think about it, you useful idiot. Sloane 
Uhh I am half-Croatian,half-Bosnian, born in Dubrovnik, you fascist waste of air. I never generalized white Caucasians or 'trshed” Eastern Europeans. Look at my comments again and you'll see who was the idiot. I'll save you the trouble – it's you 🙂 I entered into a conversation with you to see just how bad your historical knowledge is – and that is VERY bad. Your original comments hinted at your xenophobia and racism and your further comments proved it. I wish you the best, I wish you would read decent history books from ALL OVER eastern Europe, not just Hungary. You may learn something, you may learn to be less fearful of change. Fear is the worst thing and your comments are brimming with fear – fear of migrants, muslims, etc. Bye Attila 
Bosnian? That explains it: you are a Muslim or a Muslim sympathizer. That explains why are in denial and trying to push your agenda. You are just another progressive liberal who protects islamo fascist agenda because that's your heritage. Islam is the ideology of our former slave master and pure evil ideology. You know we were called infidel dogs by your kind for 150 years. Even now all you can do is just freak out and bark like we were still dogs. Why not put yourself together and give an honest argument and a fact based debate. But I don't think you can. Sloane 
You lack basic reading comprehension. I am half Croatian, half-Bosnian. I am Catholic, not Muslim LOL. You have mental issues. Attila 
Muslim sympathizer on your Bosnian Muslim side is enough for me. That explains why you are in the same hate camp with the libshits. Good combo! Since you are talking about mental issues please take your medication and do yourself a favor and don't skip again! Sloane 
What Bosnian Muslim side and hate camp? Do you even understand English? Do you know ANYTHING? Read my comments again. I am 100% Catholic. I told you to read up on history books, you are trying to defend Eastern European history when you don't even know it. Croatia is 90% Catholic, Bosnia is Muslim, Orthodox and Catholic. I am half Bosnian Croat half Croat Catholic, so 100% Catholic. You retard. We in Dubrovnik remained independent and will continue to remain independent so we don't have to fear the muslims like you do. The ones that are the most foreign, like you Asiatic Hungarians, are the ones most afraid of immigrants and are full of complexes as your messages have show. Goodbye now bozgor. Attila 
Still trying the fool me. Christian Croats live in Herzegovina and not the Bosnian side. Nice but a stupid try. It may have worked with someone else. I like your way of using the word Bozgor because it fits you. Really expresses your true intention and bigotry. I guess I should thank you for that. You know it's not a bad thing to fear Muslims when they slaved and killed us and turned the country in to a wasteland just because we were Christians. I guess it does something to the psyche. Say hello to you Muslims neighbors and friends in Bosnia aIm sure you enjoy your time with them. John L. Wildman 
I agree. The more Atilla talks, the more stupid he sounds. Scooter McHeadshot 
Trying to include the US as a primary culprit shows your lack of knowledge and history. The US was at best a 3d string team when it came to colonies and military adventurism overseas. The ENTIRE problem of the middle east and africa can be lain squarely at the feet of the europeans, most notably the English and French, with honorable mention to the Germans, Dutch and Portuguese (and in the 20th century the Soviets) If you really think the Ottomans were 1.) holding arabia together and 2.) kept it peaceful, you have some reading to do. The Ottomans were barely hanging on the last 300 years of their reign, and fought against countless rebellions and foreign invasions due to the nature of their 'empire”. Try reading 'A Peace to End All Peace: The Fall of the Ottoman Turkish Empire and the Making of the Modern Middle East” by David Fromkin. Also read 'The Arabs” by Eugene Rogan, it has a decent overview of the problems and shortcomings of the Ottomans. Diesel67 
The Ottomans lost their empire because they backed the wrong horse in World War I and because of local disgust with their corrupt misrule. Their fault. BTW, the Arabs and other Muslims they ruled over were not Turks and did not speak Turkish. Arutima 
10 millions? That's cute. The British have beaten that just with the Indian Rebellion of 1857. Where they used musket balls covered with pork tallow and fat, and buried Mughal Muslim troops alive with pork carcasses. Steve Haden 
Well, it worked….. sabelmouse 
the british had more colonies as well. all the colonials need to answer for their deeds. Rufus McBoofus 
I didn't realize it was competition…. Eugene Collins 
https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/52a0cbfbe393bf6e6cf61d3d503745b3a13562b222bf83141a66a0fbfedf8de6.jpg Alex 
The reason this is forgotten is because it happened in the 1800s, with no radio, not a lot of press even, and certainly no cinema. The Congolese that survived probably mostly stayed in Congo. They were also black, so few white people at the time cared (they should, but in the 1800s didn't) and few other people knew (they should but in the 1800s didn't). 
The Holocaust in Europe happened to a very educated people (not judging, just stating a fact) of the which most survivers migrated to Israel and North America which means they talked and talked about it but not just among themselves but on radio in the USA, on movies like Schindler's List and set museums not in Congo but in New York and established a state called Israel that made it a policy to spread awareness of the Holocaust. The Jews are also a people that are central to world affairs and always have been – again, just stating a fact without judgement (that's true in science, politics, and many other areas). 
Therefore it's not just an arbitrary or a racist fact, but the differences in both tragedies, that made the Congolese genocide (and many others) be forgotten and the one perpetrated to the Jews remembered. 
Compare that to Darfour, in the 2000s and yes, a lot more people know and have heard of such a genocide. So it is not just race, it is also time and place that determined memorability. Arron Frazier 
Your comment about whites calling themselves Jews being educated is attempted back hand slap at African people being unintelligent which is typical propaganda of white supremacist. First of the so-called Holocaust was plain and simple white on white crime and violence. The whites of Europe WW2 and back to the start of the Catholic Church committed alot crime violence and killing against each. It was constant warring disputes and etc. They where always trying to rule over each other or trying to rule of thew world know at that time. African people had nothing to do with that at all. Second the Congo and Africa have been the economic engine of western civilization since the 1400's with slavery colonialism imperalism and now Neo-colonialism. Third your notion whites calling themselves Jews are and have always been central to world affairs is a lie. They are central today because of white supremacy leaving Europe in the 1400's with slavery colonialism and imperailism. Whites calling themselves Jews where right in the middle of everything and in many cases controlling and leading things. Prior to that whites calling themselves Jews have been central to the affairs of empires civilization and peoples of the America's Africa and Asia. They had nothing to do with the Aztec Incas Olmecs Mayans and varies tribes and nations of North America. They had nothing to do with Africa with ancient Egypt Nubia Ethopia Great Zimbabwe Congo empires Ashanti Zulus Nok and etc. They had nothing to do with Asia with the Chinese dynasties civilization empire nor the Japanese India Anka Wat and etc. What happen in Europe was nothing more than white or white crime which was common practice among whites WW2 going back over a 1000 years. Naten Vos 
But this genocide was not forgotten at the time itself. English journalists documented this genocide at the time which forced Leopold II to sell his colony to Belgium. So it's not true that there was no press and no information. Of course it is true that information was much more limited than now or than information of Europe during WOII. It is ‘forgotten' or less known now maybe because our interest is fading. And that is a sad thing. Btw: David Van Reybrouck wrote a history on Congo. Interesting read, also available in english. sabelmouse 
the holocaust had films, photos, super documentation. would that we had the same regarding colonial misdeeds, slave ships, and plantations. maybe people would pay more attention. i do often link pics from india during the late victorian holocausts, people being starved, and worked to death by the british empire. junktex 
And then there's the Holodomor.Bolsheviks illed over 10 million Ukrainians.One might research the ethnicity of most of the Bolsheviks. Stefaan Van Damme 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aS_TbWbqkSU Pooua 
The first few paragraphs do little more than harangue the reader and our educational system for not being familiar with an obscure king of a tiny European country more than a century ago who did horrible things in one of the most remote and impoverished parts of Africa. This is despite the fact that of the hundreds of nations that have existed in this world, many have done truly horrible things, but our educational system can barely cover our own country, with little mention beyond about a half-dozen others. Just how broad and deep do you think our educational system ought to cover world and human events? Speaking of which, what was the Ottoman Empire doing at the same time as this king? Irina Godunko 
You don't have to go that far in history to see what 'Caucasians” did and doing in the richest continent on Earth. Just watch 'Power Principal” on Youtube. Robert Ede 
what about the mohammedan slave trade of Africans for Labour and of White women for sex slaves? tom 
The west didn't erase anything from history. I and my siblings grew up in the Netherlands on the border with Belguim and some were educated in the Netherlands and others in Belgium, in both countries this subject together with other colonial subjects (Indonesia, Suriname etc.) is a big part of the history curriculum. Simone Lisa 
Wonder why he is suddenly of interest, precisely Belgian. TecumsehUnfaced 
Did you know that Leopold's main man in the Congo, Emile Francqui, was a good friend of Herbert Hoover? They met in China, while taking turns looting the Chinese. Francqui also help Hoover run the the Belgian Relief con game to keep Germany fed and fighting. They both had their bankster links. Hoover was brought back to th e States to play patsy in the bankster engineered 1929 crash. David Acosta Juan 
'European capitalist monarchs” Dude, capitalism is an economic system that, by its very nature, goes against slavery, oppression, and even against monarchy. Capitalism is about freedom: without freedom there's no free-market, and without free-market there's no capitalism. Do yourself a favor a identify the right enemy: the State. Leopold was no capitalist: he was an arrogant aristocratic despot in charge of a colonialist state. TecumsehUnfaced

ARTICLE

Home / Good News / New Report Shows Colorado Cannabis Industry Contributes More to Economy Than All Other Industries New Report Shows Colorado Cannabis Industry Contributes More to Economy Than All Other Industries Justin Gardner November 3, 2016 2 Comments 
The Colorado cannabis industry has quickly gone from bud to full flower, as indicated by a new in-depth data analysis by the Marijuana Policy Group. 
Using a new 'Marijuana Impact Model” they say is the first to 'accurately characterize how this industry impacts the overall state economy,” the researchers confirmed the astounding positive impact that legalization has brought upon Colorado. Legal cannabis activities generated an output of $2.39 billion in 2015, with almost $1 billion in sales for the year. The sales represent a 42.4 percent increase from the previous year, translating into a staggering 112 metric tons of buds and 132 metric tons of 'flower-equivalent” products (edibles, concentrates, etc.). 
Cannabis now ranks number six in terms of product sales, following closely behind cigarette sales. It beats gold mining by a large margin, and even performing arts and sports venues as well as all non-grain crop farming. 
However, the real impact is seen when put in terms of 'output and employment per dollar spent,” where spending in the cannabis industry outperforms all private industries in Colorado – including coal and other mining, oil and gas, casinos, business services, general manufacturing and retail trade (incl. alcohol). 
Each dollar spent on retail cannabis generates $2.40 in state output, while cannabis manufacturing follows with $2.34 and cannabis cultivation comes in at a close $2.13. Combining the three, cannabis is generating far more than any other entity, including federal government spending. 
Much of this has to do with the fact that the Colorado cannabis industry operates almost entirely within the state, due to continuing prohibition in other states. 
There is equally impressive news in the jobs sector, where legal cannabis created more than 18,000 jobs in a year . 
'Legalization of marijuana created 18,005 fulltime equivalent (FTE) jobs in 2015. Among those jobs, 12,591 were employees directly involved with the marijuana business — either in stores and dispensaries, cultivations, or infused product manufacturing operations. The remaining 5,414 full-time equivalent positions were generated by intermediate input purchases made by the cannabis industry for general business goods and services, and through general spending by marijuana industry employees and proprietors.” 
Security guards comprise a significant portion of these indirect jobs, due in large part to the fact that the industry is still being forced to operate on a cash basis — because of asinine banking prohibitions by the federal government and the Federal Reserve . 
This isn't stopping entrepreneurs and other productive individuals from taking advantage of the new, wildly popular market. Legal cannabis is having profound effects in many other industries, including commercial real estate, construction, and a raft of business services. 
The cannabis industry itself is growing at a faster pace than any other sector, at an astonishing 42.4 percent. Colorado's general economic growth is at 3.5 percent and the U.S. average is 1.75 percent. 
The growth analysis found a very interesting result that supports a primary argument for ending prohibition. 36.2 percent of the economic growth was the result of the disappearance of the black market. 
When people are free to indulge in the personal behavior of ingesting a substance – as they can with alcohol – they will naturally choose to do so through the legal market, even if it means having to pay exorbitant taxes. 
And Colorado is gladly raking in this tax revenue. 
'In 2015, marijuana taxes were the second largest revenue source among excise products in the state (e.g., tobacco, alcohol, and gaming). 
Combined marijuana excise and sales tax revenues were $63.4 million in 2014, and $121.2 million in 2015. 5 For 2015, they were 14 percent larger than casino/gaming revenues, 6 about 5 percent less than lottery revenues, and almost three times larger than alcohol revenues.” 
The huge increase in tax revenue is primarily caused by the rapid increase in recreational use sales since legalization in 2014, and the fact that recreational products are taxed at a much higher rate than medical cannabis products. 
Interestingly, the report noted that a significant portion of the cannabis industry growth is coming from visitors who go to Colorado on cannabis vacations, rather than some other reason like skiing or hiking. 
'This visitor demand segment is poised to grow from 14 metric tons in 2015, to 55.1 metric tons by 2020, based upon these new, sole-purpose visitors choosing Colorado as a marijuana destination.” 
If there is one negative aspect to the report, it is that small cannabusinesses are struggling to stay alive as the industry becomes dominated by larger companies. While some of this is the natural result of competition, it appears that many of them are being regulated out of business by the state. 
'Private industry owners purport that consolidation is not being caused purely by price competition, but instead by high compliance costs. For example, the owner of one of Colorado's largest retailers recently stated that many small operations are unable to properly comply with the state's complex regulations, leading them to exit the market.” 
There lies the hidden barb of legalization. There's no question that ending prohibition is the right thing to do, but government tends to place needless, cumbersome burdens on free enterprise which favors larger conglomerates and smothers the little guy. This ultimately leads to less competition and the tendency for monopolies to develop, which makes it easier for government to siphon their taxes. 
All in all, though, the analysis by the Marijuana Policy Group is heartening, and it shows other states how incredibly beneficial it is when people regain freedom and a new market is born. The report is especially timely, as nine states will be voting in less than a week to expand legal access to cannabis through recreational and medicinal means. Share Google + T. Mohr 
Someone needs to be the first to open and operate a banking system for the Cannabis industry. The 'Cannabank'. ANY ideas? 
Morning absolutely it has supplied great job opportunities. This is a job that once you learn to love it, it's a career. 
Only issue is lots are seasonal, unless you have ponics plants. 
Truly, an atmosphere at work that feels great. 
Thank You

ARTICLE

  Multiple NY Police Departments Under Investigation for Hosting Gay Sex Parties With Underage Boys Multiple NY Police Departments Under Investigation for Hosting Gay Sex Parties With Underage Boys Matt Agorist November 3, 2016 1 Comment 
Schenectady, NY — A police officer's suspension over an investigation into writing fraudulent checks has prompted a multi-agency investigation into alleged gay sex parties for police officers. While sex parties alone are not criminal, a source close to the investigation said the parties were attended by young boys who were not of legal age to drink or consent to having sex with adults. 
Sgt. Jonathan E. Moore, 35, of the Schenectady police department, has been suspended after he and his boyfriend, Anthony Aubin, 27, were caught at trying to use a fraudulent check to purchase a $92,000 Jaguar. Aubin was arrested on felony charges for attempting to use the check. 
However, according to a report in the Times Union, the arrest of Aubin, who has a lengthy criminal record and was recently on parole, has triggered a much broader, multi-agency police investigation into allegations that gay officers may have hosted or taken part in sex parties — called 'breeding parties” — that allegedly were attended by teenagers who were not of legal age to drink alcohol or consent to having sex with adults. 
Aside from the Schenectady police department investigation, the probe has spread to the Albany police department as well. As the Times reports, other departments may also become involved in the broader investigation, according to a person briefed on the matter but not authorized to comment publicly. 
'I'm not really in a position to say anything about it at this point,” Albany police Chief Brendan Cox said Tuesday. 'There is a case we are looking into but we are not in a position to even gauge whether or not there is any truth to what has been alleged.” 
Moore also admitted to using the state-run criminal database for personal reasons to check the background of his boyfriend. 
According to the report, Moore told police that he knew Aubin had a lengthy criminal record but had no idea the checks were fakes. The $92,000 check was purported to be from a Miami law office and the $15,000 check was from a fictitious company on Washington Avenue in Albany, reported the Times. 
Moore told investigators that Aubin moved in with him several months ago and the couple was planning to make a lot of money because they had signed contracts with a Connecticut company called Bear Films to make gay porn movies. 
In a statement on Wednesday, Schenectady police Chief Eric Clifford said Moore's involvement in the pornography industry may have violated departmental policies, but he did not mention whether or not the officer will face charges. 
Clifford said it's 'not appropriate to have him out on the street working for us.” 
After Aubin was locked up, he apparently began rolling over on all his other connections in police departments. His allegations have sparked investigations into other officers who may have had unlawful sex with teenage boys. 
Police officers having sex with underage victims is, unfortunately, a fairly common practice. Police sexual misconduct is so common that more than 1,000 officers have had their licenses revoked in just the last six years for it — nearly half of them involve underage victims. 
According to the report , around 1,000 policemen across the US had their licenses revoked and lost their jobs over the last six years on account of numerous sexual offenses that included rape and possession of child pornography. 
The probe involved examining records from 41 states to see how many police officers' licenses were revoked in 2009-2014 and for which offenses. Police desertification data was not provided by nine states and the District of Columbia. The investigation included examining the records of state and local police, sheriff's deputies, prison guards and school resource officers. However, no federal officers were included in the investigation, meaning that number is likely higher. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share

ARTICLE

  Disturbing Body Cam Shows Cop Execute Native American Woman for Holding Haircut Scissors Disturbing Body Cam Shows Cop Execute Native American Woman for Holding Haircut Scissors Matt Agorist July 28, 2016 56 Comments 
Winslow, AZ — In March, police officer Austin Shipley responded to a call about a woman acting irregularly in a store. Within minutes of his arrival, he would kill 27-year-old Native American woman Loreal Tsingine. 
Last week, conveniently before they released the body camera footage, Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery issued a statement excusing Officer Shipley and said he would not pursue criminal charges against him because he was protecting himself and another officer who felt 'threatened” by the 100 lb woman. 
'After a careful review of the facts surrounding the case, including available video evidence and witness statements from all involved, my office found no evidence of criminal conduct on the part of Officer Shipley,” Montgomery's statement said. 
Late Wednesday night, officials finally released the body camera footage from that fateful day. It confirms witness testimonies. 
Shipley claims that Tsingine brandished a pair of scissors which caused him to fear for his life and put five bullets into the 5-foot tall, 100 lb woman. However, witnesses saw a different version of events. 
According to Tsingine's cousin, David Villaescusa, he watched a video of the incident which he says did not show her threaten the officer with the scissors. 'She had a pair of scissors that she used to cut her hair split ends,” Villaescusa said. 'She stood only five feet tall and weighed less than 100 lbs. Shipley, on the other hand, is over six feet tall and weighs over 200 pounds. I don't think he had to shoot her.” 
'I watched the video,” explains Villaescusa. 'She never raised those scissors towards the officer.” 
According to bystanders, Shipley showed up after another officer had Tsingine completely under control and had both hands behind her back — yet he continued to yell 'stop resisting” as if he wanted the situation to escalate. Moments later, a troubled woman in need of mental help was lying on the ground twitching in a pool of her own blood. 
The cowardly and outright abusive behavior in the video below is hard to watch. 
Officer Austin Shipley is no stranger to hurting women, and, in fact, according to his fellow officers — he should have never been a cop. 
According to records obtained by the Associated Press , at least two officers who trained Shipley had serious concerns about his work, including that he was too quick to go for his service weapon, ignored directives from superiors and falsified reports. 
It gets worse. 
Before he was even hired as a police officer out of training in 2013, a police corporal recommended that the Winslow Police Department not hire him. 
Before Shipley finished the academy, Cpl. Ron Chisholm wrote to Lt. Ken Arend and police Chief Steve Garnett and said, 'I do not believe that this officer should be retained by the Winslow Police Department” and outlined a list of reasons. He cited integrity issues, failing to control suspects, not communicating with other officers, not accurately reporting facts and repeatedly questioning his training officers' directives, according to the report. 
But Chisholm wasn't the only cop who saw trouble in hiring Shipley. Cpl. Jason Thermen also went on record to voice his concerns about Shipley in July of 2013. According to the AP, Thermen said Shipley wrongly believed his badge gave him license to harass the public and ridicule citizens of the small northeastern Arizona city. Thermen also said Shipley was 'pouting” because he didn't allow the trainee to get into fights with a drunken person and with someone during a welfare check. 'Shipley advised me the next day he went home and 'pouted' because I took the fight away from him again,” Thermen wrote. In their reports, Chisholm and Thermen both noted that Shipley was a danger to society, yet somehow, this man was still given a badge and a gun. 'If this behavior continues, it is going to get someone hurt,” Chisholm wrote, noting Shipley's tendency to continue to go for his gun in situations where it was entirely uncalled for. Even after he was hired, Shipley continued to build his rap sheet. Twice in only three years, Shipley was written up for abusing girls. The first time was for making inappropriate comments to a teenage girl. But the next time he'd be written up, it was for unnecessarily tasering a different girl. As all of this information comes to light, the Native American community is being vindicated in their original claims of injustice. Their friend and daughter, who was undoubtedly troubled, did not deserve to die that night. However, her killer was irresponsibly given authority to initiate violence against citizens by a police department, and for their incompetence, a community now grieves and a killer cop remains on the streets. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist Share Google + Sgt. Killgood 
The person who hired this murder should be held accountable and brought up on conspiracy charges . Too much corruption in our D.O.J . Time to start thinning it out . Gerry Addley 
It would only make sense that all the Dexter's' of the world would migrate to this profession. kiljoy616 
A lot of them do actually. Plenty of stories over the years about the KKK all over the police forces and even Feds. I mean that is where the power to do anything is. Harder to harass if you don't have the power of a corrupt system behind you. There is an article came out 2 years ago about how police department only hire 100 IQ or so people. People with higher IQ are not hired. But the best part is the court system upheld they could do this. ROFL. Kris Weibel 
When good cops call out the bad ones – publicly – then I will believe in the cops. rick 
He should be killed for killing an innocent person. elropo 
Be very careful saying this on a social page, DA;s love to prosecute for this kind of comments. Tho many agree with you. anna miller 
This follows along the lines of the ex-cop on his channel Downtown White Cop, who states that bad cops are given protection, and the good cops who speak out are punished or fired. Lt. Ken Arend and police Chief Steve Garnett should be held accountable, and also their higher ups as well. This is a systemic problem. The bad cops are under the controls of their higher ups. kiljoy616 
The system is to corrupt even up to the judges to fix. So no one is going to get fired and no one is going to be held responsible. If your still spouting the we need to fix the police then you are the problem. The police is a symptom of a bigger issue. anna miller 
exactly, we have been usurped, and they are going in for the big moves now. They deliberately hire psychopaths. Many police officials are now being trained in Israel. Oh and they have such upstanding police over there. Stuart H 
I know of who you speak, he is a retired cop and seems to be a stand up guy. There are more and more of these bad types out there now, and it is putting the public at risk and creating anymosity and mistrust between the people and police. Marilyn5632 
I basically get paid in the range of $6k-$8k monthly doing an online job. For anyone prepared to work basic freelance work for 2h-5h /a day at your house and get good payment in the same time… Then this opportunity is for you… http://ow.ly/bAic302l4rr 
fghfgh Lydia Mpls 
In MINNEAPOLIS we're working to get a REFERENDUM on the Nov. Ballot to REQUIRE cops to have individual MALPRACTICE insurance that can be recinded for compalints & settlements. NO insurance, NO JOB as a Minneapolis cop. Would get rid of SOME of the legal thugs. Find out more: http://www.insurethepolice.org Ruth8564 
sadgasdg Joseph White 
The city should be sued for hiring an emotionally unstable bully. If the trainer, and other officers urged for him not to be hired and he was hired, then the city is culpable. Alberto 
This imbecile officer should've been arrested and fired for unnecessary use force. If I was a family member I would be hiring an attorney to sue the Department, the City, and pressure the DA to relook at this case. John Chabak 
They should also fire the people who hired him knowing he is as mentally unstable as any other psychopath with badge and gun. The Supreme Gentleman

ARTICLE

Home / BREAKING NEWS / Report: FBI to Move to 'Likely Indictment” Of Clinton Foundation Report: FBI to Move to 'Likely Indictment” Of Clinton Foundation Claire Bernish November 3, 2016 1 Comment 
A new report says the FBI investigation of the Clinton Foundation has taken a 'very high priority” after dragging on for over a year in its White Collar Crime Division, and a preponderance of evidence means a forthcoming indictment is 'likely.” 
Two unnamed, separate sources with 'intimate knowledge” of the investigation told FOX News ' Bret Baier the FBI is 'actively and aggressively pursuing this case” — even re-interviewing key people for the third time. 
Ironically, one of the anonymous sources told Baier the investigation has benefited from ongoing publications by Wikileaks of Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta's emails, in that 'There is an avalanche of new information coming in every day.” 
Taken in conjunction with the rapidly approaching presidential election on November 8, it appears Julian Assange's 'October Surprise' could have lasting implications beyond lifting the veil from behind-the-scenes wrangling by Clinton campaign insiders, corporate media, and Democratic National Committee. 
However, even before Wikileaks began publishing the Podesta Files, unnamed law enforcement sources told FOX News , the bureau had collected 'a great deal of evidence.” 
'FBI agents have interviewed and re-interviewed multiple people on the foundation case,” FOX reports, 'which is looking into possible pay for play interaction between then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation.” 
Indeed, an indictment on the pay-for-play scandal appears likely, 'barring some obstruction in some way” from the Department of Justice. 
Real Clear Politics summarized major points of Baier's revealing report, noting the FBI's investigation is 'far more expansive than anybody has reported so far.” 
In fact, although previous revelations the FBI had made special 'side agreements” to 'destroy” the laptops of Clinton aides Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson — which prompted scathing criticism and doubts about possible purposeful decimation of evidence — Real Clear Politics notes those computers 'have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them.” 
Baier reports, 'As a result of the limited immunity deals to top aides, including Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, the Justice Department had tentatively agreed that the FBI would destroy those laptops after a narrow review. We are told definitively that has not happened. Those devices are currently in the FBI field office here in Washington, D.C. and are being exploited. 
'The source points out that any immunity deal is null and void if any subject lied at any point in the investigation.” 
Further, elaborating suspicions about aide Huma Abedin's now-estranged husband's laptop causing the FBI to relaunch its investigation, Real Clear Politics notes, 'Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton's secret server on Anthony Weiner's laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature.” 
While Baier's sources, being unnamed, are impossible to verify, the FOX report comes on the heels of reporting by the Wall Street Journal — also citing unnamed sources 'familiar” with the same investigation — which states, 'Secret recordings of a suspect talking about the Clinton Foundation fueled an internal battle between FBI agents who wanted to pursue the case and corruption prosecutors who viewed the statements as worthless hearsay.” 
Those sources, paraphrased by the WSJ , explained, 'Agents, using informants and recordings from unrelated corruption investigations, thought they had found enough material to merit aggressively pursuing the investigation into the foundation that started in summer 2015 based on claims made in a book by a conservative author called 'Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich.'” 
Inter- and intra-agency disputes over the strength of evidence surrounding the pay-to-play allegations against the Clinton Foundation left senior officials at both the FBI and DOJ at odds with lower-ranking investigators, who felt that — in combination with 'Clinton Cash' and the aforementioned recordings — promising leads deserved to be pursued. 
Internal discord spilled into the public arena recently when FBI Director James Comey took the highly anomalous step of publicly announcing the investigation had been re-started — sparking condemnation by President Obama, politicians, and other officials about potentially influencing the looming election. 
Partly fueling the internal squabble over investigating the foundation are those who blame Comey's second-in-command, 'deputy director Andrew McCabe, claiming he sought to stop agents from pursuing the case this summer. His defenders deny that, and say it was the Justice Department that kept pushing back on the investigation,” the WSJ reports. 
While FBI agents continued making headway in an informal probe to decide whether a full investigation was warranted, official in the Justice Department began objecting to their actions, under the premise the evidence was flimsy at best — despite further statements from informants and additional information beyond what had been presented in 'Clinton Cash.” 
As the WSJ describes: 
'FBI investigators grew increasingly frustrated with resistance from the corruption prosecutors, and some executives at the bureau itself, to keep pursuing the case. 
'As prosecutors rebuffed their requests to proceed more overtly, those Justice Department officials became more annoyed that the investigators didn't seem to understand or care about the instructions issued by their own bosses and prosecutors to act discreetly.” 
Friction between the DOJ and FBI reached a pivotal point when a 'senior Justice Department official' summoned McCabe to a meeting over the perception agents had rebuffed instructions from superiors not to pursue the investigation further. 
'Are you telling me that I need to shut down a validly predicated investigation?” the WSJ quoted McCabe asking the official. 
'Of course not,” the DOJ official is said to have replied. 
Whether or not quashing a deeper investigation into the Clinton Foundation had, in actuality, been the Justice Department's intent may never be clear — but given the overlapping dates of this bickering and the FOX News report of the yearlong probe, it would seem the Clintons are still very much treading water. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / The State / 'I Can't Believe I'm Doing this'— Man Livestreams Himself Stealing a Cop Car on Facebook 'I Can't Believe I'm Doing this'— Man Livestreams Himself Stealing a Cop Car on Facebook The Free Thought Project November 3, 2016 3 Comments 
Tulsa, OK — (RT) Live footage has emerged on Facebook of a convicted felon stealing an unlocked police cruiser from outside a coffee shop in Oklahoma and taking it for a 40-minute joyride to his parents' house. 
John Pinney, 25, is alleged to have taken the police vehicle from a parking spot on Halloween night, after a Tulsa Police Department officer left her keys inside while she went on an 8pm coffee break, reports CBS News . 
Oklahoma man Pinney is said to have then led police on a 40 minute chase across the state, using the police officer's iPad to livestream the incident from inside the vehicle. 
Part of the livestream remains public on Pinney's Facebook page and shows the 25-year-old singing to the 'sh*t I want to go out to” while racing away from state police in one of their own vehicles. 
At one point Pinney appears to play with the sirens on the car while wishing viewers a 'Happy Halloween.” 
'This is my last video for sure, probably. I don't even know where the f**k I'm going, honestly. 
'I'm trying to learn how to work all these lights and stuff,” Pinney tells the camera. 'I can't believe I'm doing this for real. I'm driving with my knees right now trying to show you all this.” 
Tulsa police sergeant Steve Stoltz told reporters that the joyride prompted the response of 'multiple agencies” and saw the suspect reach speeds of over 120mph before his arrest. 
'The suspect was seen [driving] at high speed towards Sand Springs [Oklahoma] and then went north. The vehicle was eventually located by Skiatook Police Department, who initiated pursuit. The suspect, at high speeds, led them to an address… turned out that was where the suspect's parents were,” Stoltz said. 
— Annie Chang (@AnnieNewsOn6) November 1, 2016 
Pinney has since been charged with possession of a stolen vehicle, eluding and resisting arrest, as well as the possession of a firearm. Share

ARTICLE

Home / Badge Abuse / Cop Arrested for Using Police Status to Rape Little Boys at Home for Abused Children Cop Arrested for Using Police Status to Rape Little Boys at Home for Abused Children Matt Agorist November 3, 2016 2 Comments 
Santa Rosa County, FL — Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE) Agent Charles Calvin McMullen was arrested this week after two 8-year-old boys came forward with allegations that the cop repeatedly sodomized and sexually abused them. 
According to police, the boys disclosed their information separately and did not know the other was coming forward. #BREAKING : #FDLE agent, Charles C. McMullen arrested, charged with sexual assault/battery on a victim younger than 12 y/o. #C3N #NWFL 
— WEAR ABC 3 (@weartv) November 2, 2016 
McMullen, who has been with the FDLE for five years, worked on cases with the Gulf Coast Kids House and the Santa Rosa Kids House, centers that advocate for abused children. 
McMullen's position in law enforcement allowed him easy and trusted access to the children and he was able to repeatedly rape the young boys from the time they were only 7-years-old. 
The first boy came forward on October 28 to deputies with the Santa Rosa County Sheriff's Office (SRCSO). After the 8-year-old reported McMullen had been touching him 'downstairs on his private part” on a frequent basis, an investigation was launched which led to the other boy coming forward. 
According to a report from WEAR, 
The child said the abuse began when both children were 7-years-old. He said McMuMullen made them perform sex acts like sticking their fingers in his buttocks, putting their mouth on his penis. 
The victim also said McMullen put his penis in the other child's buttocks at least four times, the last time being October 27. He also disclosed that McMullen made him touch the other victim's penis. 
The first child's interview detailing McMullen's abuse mirrored the second child's. He said some of it happened at McMullen's home. 
The first victim said when he told McMullen he didn't like to be touched that way, McMullen would stop. However, he'd make the second victim rub his penis. 
When McMullen was confronted by investigators, he reportedly began to cry and then denied touching the children sexually. 
One of the boys told police that the abuse went on for so long because he was afraid to come forward because McMullen told him not to tell anyone. 
He said McMullen told him this was 'between you and me” and not to tell anybody because it would break up his relationship, according to the report. 
In July of this year, ABC 3 actually interviewed McMullen who was investigating a man for driving around town and exposing himself to little boys. 
'There was a residence in Milton that was sharing images and videos of child pornography through their social media platform,” said McMullen in July, likely admiring his fellow sicko. 'Mr. Braswell indicated that he did have a sexual attraction towards children. And that he, in the past, had driven around neighborhoods in the Milton community and would expose himself to children as they would walk down the street,” McMullen said. 
Since his arrest, McMullen's bond was set at $1.5 million. However, on Wednesday that amount was reduced to only $300,000. McMullen is currently still receiving his paycheck while on administrative leave. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share

ARTICLE

Home / Be The Change / Armed Militias Prepping for Violence if Clinton Wins in 'Stolen Election” Armed Militias Prepping for Violence if Clinton Wins in 'Stolen Election” Matt Agorist November 3, 2016 2 Comments 
As the insane circus act that is the 2016 election cycle comes to a head, Americans are playing right into the establishment's plan of divide so that they can be conquered. 2016 is proving to be the year that America has lost its collective mind. 
On November 8th, Americans will go to the polls and decide to cast their vote for a megalomaniacal flip-flopping establishment cozying crony or a murderous war criminal controlled by Soros and Rothschild. 
Having failed to effectively support a third party candidate, America, once again, will be forced to choose between the lesser of two evils. 
While peaceful militias are certainly healthy for protecting the citizens from the violence of a rogue state, a report out of Reuters shows that militias are now preparing to act if their statist doesn't win. 
As Reuters reports , 'camouflaged members of the Three Percent Security Force have mobilized for rifle practice, hand-to-hand combat training – and an impromptu campaign rally for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.” 
A well-regulated militia is supposed to protect people from the state — not fight for a political candidate. 
'This is the last chance to save America from ruin,” Chris Hill, a paralegal who goes by the code name 'Bloodagent,” told Reuters. 'I'm surprised I was able to survive or suffer through eight years of Obama without literally going insane, but Hillary is going to be more of the same.” 
While the latter part of that statement is correct, Hill is missing the target widely if he thinks Trump will change anything. As Ron Paul said when Alex Jones attempted to trick him into supporting Trump, 'Donald Trump would be the champion of the executive order.” 
'How many people are voting for Trump? Ooh-rah!” asks Hill. 
'Ooh-rah!” shouts back a dozen militia members. 
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton, reports Reuters. 
Hillary Clinton would likely attempt to disarm Americans if she is elected. But Donald Trump is certainly no champion of the second Amendment either as he and Clinton both agree on the illegal and due process-removing notion of banning people on the terror watch list from buying guns. 
No one is advocating that terrorists should have guns, but using an arbitrary list that people have no way of disputing to strip them of their rights is not only inefficient, but it is against the constitution. Where are the constitutionalists on this call by Trump? 
'I will be there to render assistance to my fellow countrymen, and prevent them from being disarmed, and I will fight and I will kill and I may die in the process,” said Hill, as he conveniently ignores Trump's anti-second amendment stance. 
Protecting his fellow countrymen from a government who wishes to disarm them is most certainly an honorable stance. However, this stance should be universally applied and uncompromised — even if it means not supporting Donald Trump. 
'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket,” former Illinois Representative Joe Walsh wrote on Twitter last week. But, if Trump wins, Walsh could be stripped of his second amendment with no due process when he gets put on a terror watch list. . @KevinBuist If a person is a suspected terrorist, then charge him and present evidence. "Potential" is punished only in dystopian novels. 
— Justin Amash (@justinamash) June 16, 2016 
'We've been building up for this, just like the Marines,” said Hill. 'We are going to really train harder and try to increase our operational capabilities in the event that this is the day that we hoped would never come.” 
Unfortunately, as long as people are willing to compromise on their principles to fight for the lesser of two evils, that day will most certainly come and Trump will do nothing to stop it. 
The good news is the three percenters seem to have the interests of the people in mind and Hill vowed to protect those who want to exercise their first Amendment by marching on Washington to protest in the event of a rigged election. 
As we've already pointed out, Clinton's only chance of winning is doing exactly that — rigging the election. 
Beginning in Iowa and eventually getting blown wide open in Arizona, the fraud and suppression of votes have already let Americans know that their rulers are selected not elected. 
Examples of this fraud were captured on video, documented on paper, and even broadcast live on television. 
A rigged election is almost a certainty and should most definitely be resisted. However, as long as Americans continue to buy into the political shitshow, that is the two-party paradigm, it will only continue to get worse — no matter the puppets in white marble buildings. Matt Agorist is an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives him unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist on Twitter and now on Steemit Share Google + Joel W 
A Reuters article as the source of this info? Really? Might as well get your stories from the CIA directly then. Irresponsible article. Nasty_ahughes798_woman 
I want to see what these traitors will be able to do against an M1, or a bomb from a drone dropped from 15,000 feet. Social

