ARTICLE

https://vault.fbi.gov/hillary-r.-clinton/hillary-r.-clinton-part-04-of-04/view (p. 44) 'Early in Clinton's tenure as secretary of state, she and her staff were observed removing lamps and furniture from the State Department which were transported to her residence in Washington, DC,' After leaving the White House, Hillary was forced to return tens of thousands of dollars worth of White House furniture, china, and artwork that she had stolen. The fact that she stole State Department furniture shouldn't shock anyone. Recurring Hillary Clinton behavior. 63. Hillary told Tim Kaine back in July 2015 he would be VP https://www.wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/25445#efmALMAM- '…HRC has personally told Tim Kaine he's the veep.' 'Won't stop assuring Sens Brown and Heitkamp (at dinner now) that HRC has personally told Tim Kaine he's the veep.' Kaine says he only knew 48 hours before the announcement. Solidifies all theories that he dropped out as the DNC chair so Debbie Wasserman-Schultz could replace him (and help ensure she rigged the primary for Hillary against Bernie as evidenced in earlier leaks) and open door for Kaine to be VP. This is despite her saying he would be a terrible choice for Obama's VP in her book when she was talking about the last election. But she needed DWS in charge to ensure she was the nominee. 64. Hillary tweaks her policies based on donors' wants https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/25320#efmAFmAHCATBAUQ 'Raisers are effectively salespeople selling the candidate on the donor marketplace, so their feedback is valuable to HQ in terms of tweaking policy, messaging, tone, etc … big donors usually have ideas/advice and want to feel like they are being heard.' These leaks prove that Hillary will do anything for money, regardless of morals. Her staff even comments often about how worrisome it is. She takes money from countries who kills gays, enslave women, and persecute Christians and doesn't care about any of it. She changes her policies based on who gives her what. She sells U.S. assets to countries who donate… what a mess… 65. Hillary camp admits it doesn't support $15 minimum wage https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/2893 'Substantively, we have not supported $15 – you will get a fair number of liberal economists who will say it will lose jobs.' Even if they flip-flop and say they will implement it, they still admit that it is bad for the economy according to liberal economists. 66. Illegally coordinating with Priorities USA, a SuperPAC funded by George Soros https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/2372 'So afraid that NYT is going with this story on Priorities whether we like it or not. They have sources about the meetings.' They were scrambling to make sure they were within the law and really worried the donor list was about to come out. The New York Times spiked the story about the corruption to protect her, shielding the donors which OpenSecrets.org shares with us from a later disclosure . As you can see clearly there, the top contributor is none other than George Soros with $6 million in. Staff from the two groups met and coordinated efforts, which caused the concern from Hillary's side because the Priorities people were talking and the media, specifically the New York Times hid this violation of campaign election law. 67. Racist and sexist remarks: 'too white and too male' https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/24546 'Reed's lists are still too big, too undifferentiated too white and too male.' Just because the people being referred to are white and male does not stop it from being racist. Just replace it with black and female and you can see why. Race and gender should not be the main determining factor when it comes to administrative positions, only experience and merit, but for Hillary's staff and democrats race and gender are the determining factors unfortunately. 68. Podesta illegally has access to top secret information https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/11042#efmASpAWS 'Two exceptions–White House requests he can handle by email; if any other emergency request comes up, I can process. I'm holding a TS clearance. Scott, you may need to figure out what we need to do to add me to the review authority.' Why does Podesta have a top secret clearance? He's not holding a government position… 69. Podesta connects to unsecure network where anyone could access classified files https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/10270 'Yes inbox finally opened up. I should never connect to Amtrack wifi. Seems to always screw things up.' Holds TS clearance, conducts official campaign business on unsecure Amtrak WiFi… These are the people Hillary will trust to secure our secrets once in office. Good God… 70. Hillary's speechwriters: 'I don't mind the 'backs of dead Americans' because we need a bit of moral outrage.' (Benghazi) https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3049 One prominent theme throughout the leaks is that Hillary is just a put together political head piece that is drafted, rewritten, and approved before being sent into public. They note where she should be outraged, they note where she should smile, she even sighed when they told her to sigh. All of the words coming out of her mouth go through weeks of tweaking so that she comes off as likable – and yet she still comes off as a cold. 71. The AP colluding with the Hillary campaign https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/4099 'They do not plan to release anything publicly, so no posting online or anything public-facing, just to the committee. That said, they are considering placing a story with a friendly at the AP (Matt Lee or Bradley Klapper), that would lay this out before the majority on the committee has a chance to realize what they have and distort it.' And the AP is supposed to be THE NEUTRAL news source… wow… 72. Hillary's camp says she has a 'character problem' and is 'arrogant' https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/11136#efmAC0AGw 'I know this email thing isn't on the level. I'm fully aware of that. But her inability to just do a national interview and communicate genuine feelings of remorse and regret is now, I fear, becoming a character problem (more so than honesty). People hate her arrogant, like her down. It's a sexist context, but I think it's the truth.' Her closest confidants admitting what everyone already knows. She is not genuine. 73. Staging fake anti-Trump protest, conspiring with Univision CEO https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3718 'Thinking about the early 4, there is the Trump International Hotel in Vegas. Maybe there is an organizing opportunity next week. Would be good to reach out to unite here.' Previous leaks months ago proved many of the 'protests' were staged and hired people to be there with professional signs. The James O'Keefe bombshell video ( first one ) proves that all these 'protests' were staged and they paid mentally ill people to incite violence. 74. Meeting to go over Cheryl Mills' testimony https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/12105#efmAC4ADoAHvAIE 'Please see below for today's 8am meeting agenda. Also, please note that this meeting should last a full hour' Lists items to talk about 'Timing of Focus Groups re Debate Prep''8/31 Email Release''Jake/Cheryl Testimony.' Memo revealing they were discussing the testimony of Cheryl Mills in meetings It must have been highly important to keep all of their stories straight, properly vetted and discussed. 75. Iran nuclear deal was 'greatest appeasement since Chamberlain gave Czechoslovakia to Hitler' https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/727 'This agreement condemns the next generation to cleaning up a nuclear war in the Persian Gulf… Yup.' Top Hillary advisor agrees with that statement, indicating they know the Iran deal was terrible despite what they state publicly (another public vs private position). 76. Journalist talks strategy with Clinton staff and asks for permission to write article https://www.wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/6453 'am not going to raise this publicly, but one of HRC's opponents will soon charge that she is running an 'imperial campaign.' If it is the right opponent, Democrat or Republican, the charge will resonate.' 'BTW, I may doing an Elizabeth Warren column soon. If I write that my optimum scenario would be for Elizabeth to ultimately give a big endorsement to HRC and give the keynote speech at the Convention, totally off the record, would that give you a problem? It would be my personal opinion only, but if you have a problem with my suggesting this as my idea, I won't tell anyone and I won't include it, deferring to you' Yes. This supposed journalist is discussing strategy with the chairman of the Hillary Clinton campaign. Giving him information and warnings about things he learned from other sources most likely off the record. Extreme collusion between the media and Hillary's staff. But wait, there is more! He is asking permission from Podesta to write parts of an article. John Podesta responds to the email, and grants permission for the journalist to write the story as originally planned. 77. Bill Clinton admits Clinton Foundation has no 'real projects' 'He also said he's worried about the pensions commitment and not having real projects to announce at CGI america. I said we are concerned too…' It was also mentioned that the employees are unhappy. 78. Violating campaign finance law https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/13999#efmAClADMADOAEwAIPAI3 'I'm swinging way above my weight class here. And I'm 100% sure this out of protocol. I'm trying to land the campaign a big fat whale that can give between $100,000 to maybe $1 million if their ego can be reassured that they won't be just treated 'just like any other donor. With your permission, can I CC you in an email to these guys. I'm work with Haim Saban's political director on these same guys. If it's 100% inappropriate I understand.' Haim Saiban is the owner of Univision, who has been working with Hillary as revealed throughout the leaks. 79. Interfering with the 2008 Republican primary process https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/27648 'Yes, we need to move with some tactics to try to stop him. Ideas? We should take another swing at the immigration angle. I think this is a crisis. We need to ring the alarm bell. But I'm not sure how we could affect the GOP primary? Earned media play on McCain and immigration. Robocalls to suppress his vote? Turnout evangelicals for Huck?' What right do they have to interfere in another party's primaries? Not surprised though. 80. Proof that 'Correct the Record' (SuperPAC) is directly coordinating with the Hillary campaign against federal campaign law https://www.wikileaks.com/podesta-emails/emailid/5636 (in attachments) 'In May of 2015, CTR separated from its parent organization, American Bridge, and became its own SuperPAC. This structure allows CTR to retain its independence but coordinate directly and strategically with the Hillary campaign. This work is necessary now more than ever.' Correct the Record (CTR) is a group funded by globalist billionaire George Soros to pretend Hillary has support online. They pay 'an army of nerd virgins' ( their own words ) to create memes and pretend to support Hillary. On popular internet sites like Reddit, Twitter, and Facebook, they are paid to 'downvote' or 'dislike' or delete anything pro-Trump/anti-Hillary, and fake-promote anything pro-Hillary/anti-Trump. Incredibly sad, but Hillary and her 'support' is staged in every department. The same attachment describes everything. 81. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg in direct contact with the Hillary campaign https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/15092#efmARfAUUAZpAd9AfGAf6 '[He is] particularly interested in meeting people who could help him understand how to move the needle on the specific public policy issues he cares most about. He wants to meet folks who can inform his understanding about effective political operations to advance public policy goals' They are basically saying he wants to learn how to bribe people. Mark Zuckerberg has been very outspoken about Trump and his wall idea, when he himself is building a large wall around his mansion. Guess protecting yourself is OK, but not the American people. Facebook also manipulates it's trending stories to not show pro-Trump/anti-Hillary articles or trends, and even censors videos against Hillary . The censorship is well known and has reduced Facebook's integrity tenfold. Pro-Trump stories with hundreds of thousands of mentions are deleted to allow room for anti-Trump articles with less than a thousand mentions. Happens literally daily. Unfortunately this is the case across Twitter , YouTube , Google , and Reddit as well (and why it seems like at times more support Hillary despite Trump getting 30,000 at his rallies and Hillary getting 200 ). They are in the tank for Hillary. 82. Hillary's team working with hundreds of MSM news pundits https://www.wikileaks.com/podesta-emails/emailid/5636 (in attachments) 'IMPACTING THE DIALOGUE: CTR has identified 372 surrogates including influential and frequent pundits on broadcast and cable news for Presidential 2016 politics and provided them around 80 sets of talking points…' Once again, shows the media collusion with the Hillary campaign. 83. Katy Perry is a puppet for Hillary Clinton https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/27006 'She said no to asking Chelsea. Would go herself before asking her daughter. So we are at plan B: Katy Perry it is.' Huma Abedin writes that they have to send Katy Perry to do an Arkansas event because Hillary is unwilling to ask her daughter to go. Katy Perry is such a puppet for them that they can use her as a replacement for Chelsea when needed. 84. Hillary tries to hide her tiny rallies

ARTICLE

The LPWAN: The Future of Powering the IoT? November 4, 2016 Google + As the predictions for the number of IoT devices worldwide edges into the billions, the question is becoming less about whether and how to connect devices, and more about how to sustain so many devices on existing networks.
Connectivity is a key to the function of the IoT, so many engineers are working on alternatives for getting data from point A to point B. But sustaining those billions of connections requires a wireless technology that can handle long distances, use minimal power, and cost less than what is being used for IoT devices now. 
Currently, short-range wireless connectivity isn't necessarily an issue, as connectivity technology like Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, ZigBee, and Z-Wave. Longer range connectivity is effectively managed by 2G, 3G, and 4G LTE, with 5G wireless not too far off in the future. However, these tools for long-range wireless connectivity are not designed for the typical IoT device, that doesn't require the same amount of power as a cellphone or other mobile device. These tools are better suited for larger devices, that contain larger batteries and can be regularly recharged, rather than a smaller, sensor-based device that either doesn't have a battery or has a very small battery that cannot be recharged, or doesn't need recharging on a regular basis. 
As developers continue to create devices using efficient, low-power microcontrollers and applications , it's becoming increasingly clear that connectivity also needs to focus on implementing lower power options as well. Current connectivity options for IoT devices eat up too much battery life. One potential solution that is getting a lot of attention is a new kind of low-power, long-range wireless network: Low-Power WAN (LPWAN). 'Help Us, LPWAN, You're Our Only Hope' 
LPWAN may not be the only hope for a solution for the power problems facing the IoT, but it is showing the most potential. 
The idea of LPWAN is not a new one, either. Typically designed for machine-to-machine networking environments, LPWANs have lower power requirements in addition to a longer range, at a lower cost, than traditional wireless connectivity options. As a result, LPWAN is believed to be a better choice for IoT applications, since it transfers data at lower rates while also reducing power consumption. Since most home equipment offers more bandwidth than the typical IoT device needs, it uses more power than necessary, but a LPWAN network allows for more devices to be connected over a larger area, and offers improved machine-to-machine communication. 
LPWANs also offer a longer range of connectivity than the usual home solutions, such as Wi-Fi — in some cases, the connectivity even extends for miles. This allows for connections at longer distances, which is important for the operation of some IoT devices. Drawbacks to the LPWAN 
While the LPWAN holds a great deal of promise for the IoT going forward, there are some drawbacks. For starters, LPWAN technology was not initially designed for the IoT, so there is some question as to how it will actually work for IoT-connected devices in the long term. Because there are still questions about how to design devices to be as low-power as possible, there is no guarantee that LPWAN will end out as the best solution. 
There are also questions about how useful LPWANs will be once 5G technology is released; in other words, will 5G be able to handle the needs of the IoT better than any existing technology now? Not to mention, the idea of an LPWAN is relatively new, so there isn't truly enough data to support claims about their cost, data rate, and battery life in terms of IoT devices. As more applications are deployed on the networks, it will be easier to see whether they can handle large-scale deployment and handle IoT applications effectively, but for now there are still questions. 
The explosion of the IoT is creating new challenges for companies that are still exploring the technologies and skills necessary to make everything work. However, choosing the right wireless network for connected devices is one of the most important priorities for any company, as they attempt to balance the myriad conflicting requirements. So for now, then, it appears that LPWAN has the most potential as a solution for wireless connectivity, and will be the best option for the foreseeable future. 

ARTICLE

Australian taxpayers charged over $88 million for donation to corrupt Clinton Foundation October 31, 2016 Google + They both love to play the gender card, turning their immense privilege into victim status and ­dividing the electorate by sex.
Thus, Gillard nobbled Tony ­Abbott with her fabled misogyny speech and Clinton's machine manages to drown out every Wikileaks embarrassment with a new Donald Trump bimbo eruption. 
The other thing the two ladies have in common is the Clinton Foundation , which Wikileaks emails now show is an influence-peddling political slush fund. 
And guess which country was one of its biggest donors? Australia. Yep, we're up there with Saudi Arabia and Qatar. 
The Australian taxpayer shovelled at least $88 million into the Clinton Foundation and associated entities from 2006 to 2014, reaching a peak of $10.3 million in 2012-13, Gillard's last year in office. Hillary Clinton and Julia Gillard both involved in the influence-peddling political slush fund that is the Clinton Foundation. 
On the Clinton Foundation website, AusAID and the Commonwealth of Australia score separate entries in the $10 million-plus group of donors, one rung up from American teacher unions. 
In 2009-10 Kevin Rudd handed over another $10 million to the foundation for climate research, part of $300 million he squandered on a Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute. 
Gillard also donated $300 million of our money to the Clinton-affiliated Global Partnership for Education. 
Lo and behold, she became chairman in 2014 and has been ­actively promoting Clinton as president ever since — in a campaign video last December slamming Trump, in opeds trumpeting the next woman president and in appearances with Clinton spruiking girls' education. 
The Abbott government topped up the left-wing organisation's coffers with another $140 million in 2014, bringing total Australian largesse to $460 million, according to a press release from Foreign Minister Julie Bishop. 
And yet, apart from the beautiful friendship with Gillard, what did Australia get from the Clintons for all that cash? 
A whole lot of trouble is what. 
The latest treasure trove of Wikileaks emails released last week shows that Australian green groups have been secretly funded to destroy our coal industry by environmental activists connected to the Clinton campaign. Apart from the friendship between Hillary Clinton and Julia Gillard, what does Australia get from the Clinton Foundation for donating all that cash? A whole lot of trouble is what. 
The email account of Clinton's campaign chairman John Podesta reveals extraordinary details of the sabotage of the $16 billion Adani coalmine in Queensland, which has damaged Australia's national interest and denied cheap electricity to millions of poor Indians. 
Last August John Hepburn, former Greenpeace activist and founder of Australian anti-coal group the Sunrise Project, sent a crowing email to his American paymasters, the Sandler Foundation, which is also a major donor to the Clinton Foundation. (Founder Herb Sandler and mate George Soros funded another Clinton-aligned progressive group, the Centre for American Progress, previously chaired by Podesta.) 
'The Adani Carmichael mine and the whole Galilee Basin fossil fuel industrial complex is in its death throes,' Hepburn wrote in the email forwarded to Podesta. 
'I am going to buy a few bottles of bubbly for a celebration with the (Environmental ­Defenders Office) legal team, our colleagues at GetUp, Greenpeace, 350.org, ECF, Australian Youth Climate Coalition, Mackay Conservation Group, Market Forces and the brilliant and tireless Sunrise team.' 
In another email forwarded to Podesta, Hepburn panics about an Abbott government inquiry into environmental charities and discusses hiding Sunrise's sources of funding to safeguard its charitable tax status. 
Hepburn boasts about the latest legal blow to Adani, when the Federal Court overturned its approval and the Commonwealth Bank quit the project. 
In it he now wants to 'escalate the campaign ­towards the other 3 big Australian banks'. 
And he mocks miners who 'try to claim that there is some kind of foreign-funded and tightly orchestrated conspiracy to systematically ­destroy the Australian coal industry. (I seriously don't know where they get these wacky ideas from!)' 
As if it's not bad enough that foreign-funded activists are meddling with our largest export earner, Podesta's emails also detail their insidious influence on indigenous land owners who blocked the Adani mine using powerful native title rights. 
This alliance of green groups with native title owners is a frightening development detailed in a new book by historian Keith Windschuttle, The Break-up of Australia: The Real Agenda behind Aboriginal Recognition. 
He reveals the imminent expansion of native title claims, either ­approved or quietly being processed, stretch across a whopping 60 per cent of the Australian continent, an area twice the size of Western Europe. 
Already 6000sq km of the Kidman cattle empire in the Kimberley has been given, via native title, to green activists to be converted from productive cattle country to a wildlife conservation area. 
'In return, the Yulumbu people get a paltry $50,000 a year royalty,' Windschuttle writes. 
'As a flora and fauna sanctuary it is economically defunct for the foreseeable future.' 
At worst, writes Windschuttle, the upcoming referendum for indigenous constitutional recognition, proposed by Gillard in 2012, could pave the way for a separate Aboriginal state on native title land, funded by taxation, royalties and lease payments — passive welfare in another guise. 
At the very least, the ­alliance between foreign-­funded green groups and ­indigenous owners gives ­environmentalists the opportunity to take whole swathes of Australia out of the productive economy and shut down industries they don't like, from coal mines in Queensland to cattle farms in Western Australia. 
Thanks for nothing, Hillary and Julia. 

ARTICLE

US launches cyber attack on Russia's power grid, telco networks and Kremlin command systems November 5, 2016 Google + Russia expects Washington to provide an explanation after a report claimed that Pentagon cyber-offensive specialists have hacked into Russia's power grids, telecommunications networks, and the Kremlin's command systems for a possible sabotage. 
' If no official reaction from the American administration follows, it would mean state cyberterrorism exists in the US. If the threats of the attack, which were published by the US media, are carried out, Moscow would be justified in charging Washington ,' Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said, according to the ministry's website . 
NBC News said earlier in an exclusive report that US military hackers have penetrated crucial infrastructure in Russia, ' making them vulnerable to attack by secret American cyber weapons should the US deem it necessary. ' 
The report was based on the account of a senior US intelligence official and top-secret documents. NBC said the hack was carried out in preparation for waging a full-scale cyberwar with Russia. 
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov also commented on the report, saying Russia had ' cybersecurity measures taken at the level proper for the current situation, and the threats voiced against us by officials of other nations .' 
US officials earlier alleged that countries like Russia and China could use hackers to disrupt American power grids and other crucial infrastructure. 
Moreover, US presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's allegations that Moscow engaged in hacking to damage her bid for the White house have become a major issue in the ongoing US election campaign. Though she provided no proof, the Democrat candidate accused the Kremlin of hacking into the Democrats' computer networks and publishing sensitive information in order to swing the election in favor of her GOP rival, Donald Trump. In particular, she claimed that Russia had supplied the whistleblower website WikiLeaks with emails hacked from the account of her campaign chair, John Podesta. 
Russia has repeatedly denied the accusations, asserting that it has no interest in influencing the election and questioning whether such publications would even have a major impact on how Americans would vote. No hard evidence of the alleged Russian hack has ever been made public, despite media reports claiming that US intelligence communities are 'convinced' of the Kremlin's guilt. 
So far, the only country with a record of conducting cyber-attacks on other nations is the US itself. An operation called 'Olympic Games,' which was reportedly conducted by the US in corroboration with Israel, involved infecting the computer networks of Iranian uranium enrichment facilities with a computer virus that affected industrial controllers of centrifuges in order to destroy them. 
The operation is said to have significantly damaged Iran's production of nuclear fuel at the Natanz site. Washington apparently decided to go public about it after the virus, dubbed Stuxnet by the IT community, escaped and was identified by major cybersecurity companies.

ARTICLE

We've seen the make-shift 'fake news' list created by a leftist feminist professor .
Well, another fake news list has been revealed and this one holds a lot more water. 
This list contains the culprits who told us that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction and lied us into multiple bogus wars. These are the news sources that told us 'if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.' 
They told us that Hillary Clinton had a 98% of winning the election. They tell us in a never-ending loop that 'The economy is in great shape!' 
This is the real Fake News List (and it's sourced):

ARTICLE

Donations to Clinton Foundation dry up as Hillary no longer has a 'product to sell' November 22, 2016 Google + Donations to the Clinton Foundation nose-dived last year amid Hillary Clinton's presidential run, pay-to-play allegations, internal strife and a black mark from a charity watchdog.
Contributions fell by 37 percent to $108 million, down from $172 million in 2014, according to the group's latest tax filings. 
The cash plummeted as Hillary Clinton left the nonprofit in April 2015 after announcing her ill-fated candidacy. The foundation became a major issue in the race , with Donald Trump vowing to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate it. 
Whether that effort will go forward is not clear. Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), head of the House Oversight Committee, has indicated a probe into the foundation will continue. 
Not only did contributions drop, but so did revenue the Clintons brought in from speeches. That income fell to $357,500 from $3.6 million in 2014. 
By the time the foundation's Clinton Global Initiative held its annual conference in September 2015, many donors had bailed, including Samsung and ExxonMobil. 
Donna Shalala, the former Health and Human Services secretary who was brought in to run the charity last year, suffered a stroke after the CGI meeting. 
The foundation had been rocked by internal divisions after daughter Chelsea Clinton took a more active role in the organization in 2013, when the group was renamed the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation. 
Eric Braverman, a pal of Chelsea's, was brought in to run the group, but he clashed with Bruce Lindsey, a senior adviser in the Clinton administration who had been CEO and became board chairman. 
Braverman departed in January 2015 after 18 months, receiving a $330,000 payout, according to the tax filings. Shalala replaced him. 
The Clinton Foundation refused to comment, but Shalala told The Chronicle of Philanthropy last month that the foundation had taken in money pledged in earlier years but those donations were recorded on earlier tax filings.

ARTICLE

Australia stops all donations to the corrupt Clinton Foundation November 24, 2016 Google + Following Hillary Clinton's US presidential election defeat, it has been announced that Australia has cut all official ties with the Clinton Foundation.
On Tuesday, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop announced to the joint party room that agreements with the Foundation previously set up by the Rudd-Gillard government had not been renewed. 
'[Former Prime Minister Julia] Gillard also donated $300 million of our money to the Clinton-affiliated Global Partnership for Education,' Australian newspaper the Herald Sun wrote in an October article titled, 'Why have we donated to Clinton's foundation?' 
The Foundation, set up by the former first family of the United States, has received large amounts in donations from foreign governments, leading many to question whether it was part of a pay-to-play scheme during the former first lady's tenure as US Secretary of State. 
Disparities in the amount of funds given to the Foundation by the Australian government have raised eyebrows. 
Reports from the Clinton Foundation list the Commonwealth of Australia and the Australian Agency for International Development as having collectively donated somewhere between $20- to $50 million. The Foundation also has a sister company called the Clinton Health Access Initiative however, which appears to have also received funding from Australian taxpayers. 
'Since 2006, Australia has contributed $88 million to [the Clinton Health Access Initiative] and its sister organization, the Clinton Foundation,' Bishop said in a statement on September 22, 2014. 
Documents released in July by Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade provided a different number from both, however, listing 11 separate grants to the Clinton Foundation, and a 'China Clinton Foundation' that totaled almost $71 million. 
These disparities prompted Republican Representative Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee, the vice-chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, to bring the issue to the attention of the IRS. 
In July, she told the Daily Caller that 'reports have shown that the Clinton Foundation has failed to accurately report tens of millions of dollars in foreign government grants, including some while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state.' 
'This should be troubling to all Americans as it gives the appearance that there could be a pay-to-play arrangement between the Clintons and foreign governments while the interests of the American people were pushed aside. The tax-exempt status of the foundation should be reviewed immediately,' Blackburn said at the time. 
SEE ALSO:

