ARTICLE

Motorola is Dead but Donbass lives on ‹ › Dr. Kevin Barrett, a Ph.D. Arabist-Islamologist, is one of America's best-known critics of the War on Terror. He is Host of TRUTH JIHAD RADIO ; a hard driving weekly LIVE call in radio show. He also has appeared many times on Fox, CNN, PBS and other broadcast outlets, and has inspired feature stories and op-eds in the New York Times, the Christian Science Monitor, the Chicago Tribune, and other leading publications. Dr. Barrett has taught at colleges and universities in San Francisco, Paris, and Wisconsin, where he ran for Congress in 2008. He currently works as a nonprofit organizer, author, and talk radio host. I beat the ban in Berkeley – still censored in Sacramento By Kevin Barrett on October 26, 2016 
by Kevin Barrett , Veterans Today Editor 
Thanks to members of the Social Justice Committee of the Berkeley Fellowship of Unitarian Universalists, a large and enthusiastic crowd turned out for my talk on 'Recent False Flags” yesterday. It was a triumph of free speech in the city that gave the world the Free Speech Movement. 
But unlike last year's talk (watch it here ) this one wasn't held at BFUU. 
Why not? One member of the BFUU Social Justice Community, a certain Holly Harwood, demanded that my scheduled event be canceled because (she libelously claimed) I am a 'Jew hater” and 'homophobe.” 
Not one member of the Social Justice Committee supported her. 
So Holly Harwood started inundating the BFUU Board with lies and distortions about me and my books. The Board, which apparently includes some 'stealth Zionists” who got themselves elected by concealing their pro-Israel loyalties, went along with her. 
Harwood's vicious vilification campaign only succeeded in increasing the turnout for my talk, which was held at Redwood Gardens instead of BFUU. But Harwood didn't get the message. Now she has managed to censor another Berkeley free speech institution: Bonnie Faulkner's legendary Guns and Butter radio show. 
Today's broadcast, which goes out on KPFA Berkeley and other Pacifica stations, features most of an interview Bonnie recorded with me last week. Unfortunately, after more mendacious complaints from Holly Harwood, Bonnie was apparently forced to cut the final six minutes of the interview, which features me explaining how and why I was banned at BFUU. Here is the censored 'Guns and Butter” segment (please spread it far and wide so the censorship backfires): 
The last place on earth I would ever expect ANY censorship of ANYTHING is Berkeley, California. And the last two places in Berkeley I would EVER expect to be censored are the Unitarian Church and the Guns and Butter radio show! 
Did I fall into a black hole and emerge into a Bizarro World counter-universe where Berkeley Unitarians are authoritarians and censors, and it's the Bible-thumping Baptists of Alabama who are at the cutting edge of free speech, free thought, and unfettered intellectual inquiry? Memo to the Association of Alabama Baptists: Please invite this 'radical Muslim conspiracy theorist” to speak at your freedom-loving church! 
And it gets worse. I will be speaking in Sacramento tonight, and guess who's blocking the news? The main local leader of the 9/11 truth movement! 
David Kimball, who runs Sacramento 9/11 Truth, has sponsored and/or helped publicize all of my previous talks in the area. Yet this time he wouldn't return my repeated phone calls. Finally, weeks after I had started calling him, I got this email: 
From: David Kimball <…> Sent: Friday, October 21, 2016 11:42 PM Subject: Re: Sacramento event October 26th 
Hi Kevin. 
I've received your phone messages and email, and my apologies for this late response. 
In recent years I've continued to research 9/11 more thoroughly, and although you and I are still in agreement that the 'official narrative” of 9/11 cannot be true and that the media perpetuates the Big Lie, my views about 9/11 are no longer in agreement with yours. 
Therefore, I cannot in good conscience promote your upcoming speaking event. 
Sincerely,
ARTICLE

By Jonas E. Alexis on October 26, 2016 Philip Giraldi: 'The new Pearl Harbor turned out to be 9/11." …by Jonas E. Alexis 

Former counter-terrorism specialist and military intelligence officer of the C.I.A. Philip Giraldi has recently nailed the 9/11 narrative by saying that ' Israel, Saudi Arabia, and Pakistan just for starters may have been involved in or had knowledge relating to 9/11…” 
We all ought to applaud Giraldi for starting to investigate some of those issues because Giraldi is not just your typical guy. He is a historian. He has a Ph.D. from the University of London in European history and has been working as an investigative journalist for years. 
Giraldi was a C.I.A. officer for eighteen years in places like Turkey, Italy, Germany, and Spain. He also speaks several languages, including Turkish, Italian, German, and Spanish. He has written articles for MSNBC, Fox News Channel, National Public Radio, Good Morning America, etc. 
According to Giraldi, the 9/11 attack was almost certainly another Pearl Harbor, which is to say that the government almost certainly had it coming. The Neocons and the Bush administration, says Giraldi, were part of the problem largely because they were 'pushing to increase U.S. military capabilities so that the country would be able to fight multi-front wars. The signatories of the neocon Project for the New American Century paper observed that was needed was a catalyst to produce a public demand to 'do something,' that 'something' being an event comparable to Pearl Harbor. Seventeen signatories of the document wound up in senior positions in the Bush Administration. 'The new Pearl Harbor turned out to be 9/11. Given developments since 9/11 itself, to include the way the U.S. has persisted in going to war and the constant search for enemies worldwide to justify our own form of Deep State government, I would, to a large extent, have to believe that PNAC was either prescient or perhaps, more diabolically, actively engaged in creating a new reality.” 
VT writers and editors have been saying that the 9/11 attack was indeed a covert operation for quite a while. And this is not some kind of 'conspiracy theory.” Even Fox News, of all places, got it right when they made it quite clear that the Israelis almost certainly had enough knowledge about the 9/11 attack: 
Israel's fingerprints are all over the 9/11 attack. In 2011 at least 200 Israelis were arrested. 140 of those were detained by the FBI right before the 9/11 attack. Many of those Israelis 'had used cover stories to gain access to sensitive government buildings and the homes of American officials.” [1] The Washington Post, [2] the Telegraph, [3] and other media outlets such as the widely read French newspaper Le Monde [4] began to ask why many of those people were arrested. No one was able to answer the question because those Israelis were never prosecuted. 
According to John Farmer, former senior counsel to the 9/11 Commission, the 9/11 Commission report is unreliable and many who wrote the report were misled.394 These issues prompted a number of physicists and professors—at least 75 of them—to postulate that more evidence was needed for the airplane hypothesis. 
One of them, Professor David Gabbard, declared, 'We're academics and we're rational, and we really believe Congress or someone should investigate this.” [5] These doubters have been labeled 'conspiracy theorists.” According to Sylvain Cypel of Le Monde, there is no doubt that the Israelis—at least the Mossad—were aware of the 9/11 attack before it happened. [6] 
Giraldi again should be praised for his moral and intellectual candor. The similarities between 9/11 and Pearl Harbor are quite striking. Former US Senate candidate Mark Dankof and I will be examining the issues revolving around Pearl Harbor tentatively at the end of this year. Giraldi concludes his analysis with a sober thought: 'If it can be demonstrated that the attacks carried out on that day were quite possibly set up by major figures both inside and outside the political establishment it might produce such a powerful reaction that the public would demand a reversal of the laws and policies that have so gravely damaged our republic. It is admittedly unlikely that anything like that could ever take place, but it is at least something to hope for.” 
If Solzhenitsyn is right, then the Powers That Be can't triumph forever. So, there is no need for despair and there is every reason to be hopeful. Solzhenitsyn put it best: 
'Our way must be: never knowingly support lies! Having understood where the lies begin—step back from that gangrenous edge! Let us not glue back the flaking scale of the Ideology, not gather back its crumbling bones, nor patch together its decomposing garb, and we will be amazed how swiftly and helplessly the lies will fall away, and that which is destined to be naked will be exposed as such to the world.” [7] 
[1] Ben Fenton, 'US Arrests 200 Young Israelis in Spying Investigation,” Telegraph , Mar. 7, 2002. 
[2] John Mintz, '60 Israelis on Tourist Visas Detained Since Sept. 11,” Washington Post , Nov. 23, 2001. 
[3] Fenton, 'US Arrests 200 Young Israelis,” Telegraph , March 7, 2002. 
[4] Sylvain Cypel, 'Vast Israeli Spy Network Dismantled in the US,” Le Monde , March 5, 2002. 
[5] Christina Aquith, 'Who Really Blew Up the Twin Towers?,” Guardian , September 5, 2006. 
[6] Cypel, 'Israeli Spy Network Dismantled,” Le Monde , Mar. 5, 2002. 
[7] Alexander Solzhenitsyn, The Solzhenitsyn Reader (Wilmington: ISI Books, 2006), 558. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

  South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. The Geopolitics of Russia-Egypt Relations By South Front on October 26, 2016 …from SouthFront 
The rapidly developing relations between Russia and Egypt have been overshadowed by the more prominent relationships between Russia and Syria, as well as Russia and Iran. Nevertheless, the Russia-Egypt relationship deserves closer scrutiny because, unlike the country's relations with the other two Middle Eastern powers, it concerns a country that until recently appeared to be firmly in Western orbit. The abrupt shift of its geopolitical vector toward Eurasia therefore represents a far bigger change for the region than Russia's successful support of the legitimate Syrian government, or the close relationship with the Islamic Republic of Iran, both of which have been on the Western 'enemies list” for decades. The reasons for this shift are twofold, and have to do with the way Western powers interact with Middle Eastern powers in the context of a systemic economic crisis, as well as with Russia's demonstrated attractiveness as an ally. 
The West's systemic crisis clearly transformed how Western powers view non-Western ones. Whereas the 'end of history” globalist rhetoric suggested a post-sovereignty utopia in which weak and strong powers interact on equal terms in a world without borders, in practice that rhetoric was a ruse to persuade non-Western powers to drop their guard and allow themselves to be penetrated by Western corporations and financial institutions and lose any possibility of charting their own, independent course. Alas, from Western perspective, assimilating 'emerging markets” is still the cornerstone of economic policy, the only program of economic growth. Whereas during the 1990s this assimilation took relatively benign form, 9/11 had the effect of allowing initially the US to adopt a far more aggressive stance, to the point of overt military invasion. While EU initially did not follow suit, the severity of EU's own problems prompted it to jump on the bandwagon of 'regime change” in the case of Libya, Syria, and Ukraine. 
Egypt, a long-time Western ally since the late 1970s, unexpectedly found itself on the receiving end of predatory Western policies which took the form of the Tahrir Square 'color revolution” which ultimately led to the electoral victory of the Muslim Brotherhood, which in turn fell to a military overthrow once the danger of the country's slide into a civil war became apparent. The fact that Muslim Brotherhood was financed by US-allied Persian Gulf states made Egypt aware it too was the target of state-sponsored jihadism, and that the US was incapable or unwilling to force its allies in region to refrain from targeting Egypt. While Syria is only a peripheral concern for Egypt, the civil war in Libya, where Islamist formations including ISIS enjoy Gulf Arab support, represents an immediate threat to Egypt for several reasons. The country can be used as a staging ground for launching attacks into Egypt and a sanctuary against retaliation and, in the longer term, should its government be a puppet controlled by hostile Gulf powers whose long term goal is the control of Egypt and of Suez Canal, which means that Cairo is keenly interested in influencing the outcome of that war. 
Russia thus became an attractive partner because of its history of non-involvement in the internal politics of its allied states (almost to a fault, because unilateral restraint led to the Maidan revolution in Ukraine), because it can fill the security void left by the Western weakness, and, last but not least, because it can physically defend Egypt's political and territorial integrity against every conceivable threat, an ability it is currently demonstrating in Syria. Egypt appears to be taking advantage of these capabilities. Cooperation now includes the possibility of establishing a Russian airbase in Egypt, visits by Russian paratroopers to Egypt, and special operations troops providing training to their Egyptian counterparts. Egypt is also shifting its military procurement plans toward Russia. The two Mistral-class ships that have been acquired by Egypt will receive the originally planned Russian electronics suite and will carry Russian helicopters; there are discussions of MiG fighter sales to Egypt, and the country received a Molniya-class missile boat. 
From the Russian perspective, Egypt represents yet another bulwark of security against Western encroachment, a symmetric response to NATO expansion, 'Eastern Partnership”, and color revolutions. Combined with the military presence in Syria, Cyprus' general pro-Russian orientation, and the neutralization of Turkey which was also facilitated by an abortive West-promoted coup attempt, Egyptian bases would transform Eastern Mediterranean into a 'Russian lake.” Last but not least, these bases and alliances could serve a launchpad for power projection into other unstable areas of the Middle East and, if Egypt's control of the Suez Canal is guaranteed by Russian arms, this guarantee endows both countries with a very effective means of pressuring Western and Gulf Arab powers. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on October 26, 2016, With 534 Reads Filed under Military . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

Report: Trump hosted cocaine-fueled parties with underage girls ‹ › Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War. He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades. Gordon Duff is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists. He manages the world's largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues. Gordon Duff has traveled extensively, is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than "several" countries. He is also a trained chef, wine enthusiast, avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration. Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology. He is co-host of the popular VT Radio show Jim and Gordie Show .
ARTICLE

Report: Trump hosted cocaine-fueled parties with underage girls ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Western firms primed to cash in on Syria's oil and gas 'frontier' By GPD on October 26, 2016 Once Syria conflict resolved, prospects for Syrian offshore production  are high. by Nafeez Ahmed US, British, French, Israeli and other energy interests could be prime beneficiaries of military operations in Iraq and Syria designed to rollback the power of the 'Islamic State' (ISIS) and, potentially, the Bashar al-Assad regime. A study for a global oil services company backed by the French government and linked to Britain's Tory-led administration, published during the height of the Arab Spring, hailed the significant 'hydrocarbon potential” of Syria's offshore resources. The 2011 study was printed in GeoArabia , a petroleum industry journal published by a Bahrain-based consultancy, GulfPetroLink, which is sponsored by some of the world's biggest oil companies, including Chevron, ExxonMobil, Saudi Aramco, Shell, Total, and BP. GeoArabia's content has no open subscription system and is exclusively distributed to transnational energy corporations, corporate sponsors and related organisations, as well as some universities. Authored by Steven A. Bowman, a Senior Geoscientist for the French energy company CGGVeritas, the study identified 'three sedimentary basins, Levantine, Cyprus, and Latakia, located in offshore Syria” and highlighted 'significant evidence for a working petroleum system in offshore Syria with numerous onshore oil and gas shows, DHIs (direct hydrocarbon indicators) observed on seismic, and oil seeps identified from satellite imagery.” Read Full Extensive Report at Insurge Intelligence >>>> Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Vladimir Putin: The United States continues to sleep with al-Nusra ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Syrian War Report – October 27, 2016: Russian Strikes Destroyed Over 300 Terrorists' Oil Facilities By South Front on October 27, 2016 …from SouthFront 
In northeastern Aleppo, the Syrian army and Liwa al-Quds also continued operations against Jaish al-Fatah militants (mostly members of Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki). The main clashes took place inside the neighborhoods of Bustan Al-Basha and 'Ard Al-Hamra. Pro-government forces argue that the Syrian military seized the whole 'Ard Al-Hamra Neighborhood. However, this has not been confirmed. On October 27, the government forces also launched an offensive on the strategic Hanano Youth Housing Complex. Fierce clashes are ongoing there. 
In southwestern Aleppo, the army and allies have repelled another attempt by militants to retake the Air Defense Battalion Base. 5 militants were killed. Local sources say that Iranian military servicemen were operating in the area along with Syrian troops. 
The Kurdish YPG launched a series of attacks on the alliance of Turksih-backed militant groups known as the Free Syrian Army (FSA) in the area northwest of Al-Bab. 
YPG units entered the villages of Til Madîq, Hecinê, Qarami, Jabal Na'i and Mişerefê. Some pro-Kurdish sources argue that some villages have been already taken. 
The Syrian air strike allegedly killed one of the FSA highest ranking commanders in northern Homs – the Chief of Staff for the Free Syrian Army, Colonel Shouki Ayyoub – on October 26. Ayyoub had played an important role in creation a brand of the FSA. 
The Syrian Army and the National Defense Forces (NDF) continued to attacks Jaish al-Islam militantsnear the strategic city of Douma in Eastern Ghouta. Fierce clashes took place in the area of al-Reihan and along a road connecting Tal Kurdi and Douma. The army also advanced near near al-Shifouniyeh town. The clashes resulted in killing of 22 militants and destroying of 3 technical vehicles with machine guns. The government forces lost some 8 fighters and a vehicle. 
Actions of the Russian air grouping in Syria have resulted in a 70% decrease of the oil trafficking by the ISIS terrorist group, Vitaly Naumkin, President of the Institute of Oriental Studies at the Russian Academy of Sciences (RAS) said on October 26. According to the RAS' information, the Russian Aerospace Forces have destroyed over 300 facilities involved in the production and transportation of oil and oil products. 
Naumikn added that efforts of the Russian military allowed the government forces to liberate 568 settlements, including 150 towns. Some 3700 militants have surrendered to the Syrian government and 847 settlements jointed to the reconciliation process promoted by Moscow. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on October 27, 2016, With 425 Reads Filed under Military . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments One Response to " Syrian War Report – October 27, 2016: Russian Strikes Destroyed Over 300 Terrorists' Oil Facilities " JohnZ October 27, 2016 at 8:29 am 
300 facilities destroyed. Looks like Erdogman is going to have to take a loss on this. Too bad he can't use the IRS profit/loss. Ha, ha. Now one of his mistresses will have to drive that Mercedes for another year and that worthless son of his is going to have to get a real job; one he is more suited for like street cleaning. Things just keep going from bad to worse for the RKM/NWO gangsters. 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

Vladimir Putin: The United States continues to sleep with al-Nusra ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. The Geopolitics of Russia-Egypt Relations By South Front on October 27, 2016 …from SouthFront 
The rapidly developing relations between Russia and Egypt have been overshadowed by the more prominent relationships between Russia and Syria, as well as Russia and Iran. Nevertheless, the Russia-Egypt relationship deserves closer scrutiny because, unlike the country's relations with the other two Middle Eastern powers, it concerns a country that until recently appeared to be firmly in Western orbit. The abrupt shift of its geopolitical vector toward Eurasia therefore represents a far bigger change for the region than Russia's successful support of the legitimate Syrian government, or the close relationship with the Islamic Republic of Iran, both of which have been on the Western 'enemies list” for decades. The reasons for this shift are twofold, and have to do with the way Western powers interact with Middle Eastern powers in the context of a systemic economic crisis, as well as with Russia's demonstrated attractiveness as an ally. 
The West's systemic crisis clearly transformed how Western powers view non-Western ones. Whereas the 'end of history” globalist rhetoric suggested a post-sovereignty utopia in which weak and strong powers interact on equal terms in a world without borders, in practice that rhetoric was a ruse to persuade non-Western powers to drop their guard and allow themselves to be penetrated by Western corporations and financial institutions and lose any possibility of charting their own, independent course. Alas, from Western perspective, assimilating 'emerging markets” is still the cornerstone of economic policy, the only program of economic growth. Whereas during the 1990s this assimilation took relatively benign form, 9/11 had the effect of allowing initially the US to adopt a far more aggressive stance, to the point of overt military invasion. While EU initially did not follow suit, the severity of EU's own problems prompted it to jump on the bandwagon of 'regime change” in the case of Libya, Syria, and Ukraine. 
Egypt, a long-time Western ally since the late 1970s, unexpectedly found itself on the receiving end of predatory Western policies which took the form of the Tahrir Square 'color revolution” which ultimately led to the electoral victory of the Muslim Brotherhood, which in turn fell to a military overthrow once the danger of the country's slide into a civil war became apparent. The fact that Muslim Brotherhood was financed by US-allied Persian Gulf states made Egypt aware it too was the target of state-sponsored jihadism, and that the US was incapable or unwilling to force its allies in region to refrain from targeting Egypt. While Syria is only a peripheral concern for Egypt, the civil war in Libya, where Islamist formations including ISIS enjoy Gulf Arab support, represents an immediate threat to Egypt for several reasons. The country can be used as a staging ground for launching attacks into Egypt and a sanctuary against retaliation and, in the longer term, should its government be a puppet controlled by hostile Gulf powers whose long term goal is the control of Egypt and of Suez Canal, which means that Cairo is keenly interested in influencing the outcome of that war. 
Russia thus became an attractive partner because of its history of non-involvement in the internal politics of its allied states (almost to a fault, because unilateral restraint led to the Maidan revolution in Ukraine), because it can fill the security void left by the Western weakness, and, last but not least, because it can physically defend Egypt's political and territorial integrity against every conceivable threat, an ability it is currently demonstrating in Syria. Egypt appears to be taking advantage of these capabilities. Cooperation now includes the possibility of establishing a Russian airbase in Egypt, visits by Russian paratroopers to Egypt, and special operations troops providing training to their Egyptian counterparts. Egypt is also shifting its military procurement plans toward Russia. The two Mistral-class ships that have been acquired by Egypt will receive the originally planned Russian electronics suite and will carry Russian helicopters; there are discussions of MiG fighter sales to Egypt, and the country received a Molniya-class missile boat. 
From the Russian perspective, Egypt represents yet another bulwark of security against Western encroachment, a symmetric response to NATO expansion, 'Eastern Partnership”, and color revolutions. Combined with the military presence in Syria, Cyprus' general pro-Russian orientation, and the neutralization of Turkey which was also facilitated by an abortive West-promoted coup attempt, Egyptian bases would transform Eastern Mediterranean into a 'Russian lake.” Last but not least, these bases and alliances could serve a launchpad for power projection into other unstable areas of the Middle East and, if Egypt's control of the Suez Canal is guaranteed by Russian arms, this guarantee endows both countries with a very effective means of pressuring Western and Gulf Arab powers. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Israel settlements legal, Trump aide says, playing anti-Iran video message on Mount Zion By Press TV on October 27, 2016 
Donald Trump, the Republican candidate for the US 2016 presidential election 
GOP nominee Donald Trump does not believe that settlements built by the Zionist regime of Israel in Palestine are illegal, his advisor on Israel says. 
David Friedman, who was campaigning for the New York billionaire at a restaurant on Mount Zion (Jabel Sahyoun) in East Jerusalem al-Quds, made the comments to AFP after the Wednesday rally. 
'I don't think he believes that the settlements are illegal,” Friedman said. 
He also said the former reality TV star is 'tremendously skeptical” about the so-called two-state solution, promoted by the Democratic administration of President Barack Obama during his eight years in office, but to no avail. David Friedman (L) exits the Federal Building with Donald Trump and Ivanka Trump (R) following their appearance at US Bankruptcy Court in Camden, New Jersey, on February 25, 2010. (Photo via Bloomberg News) 
The Obama administration has already voiced criticism over Tel Aviv's expansionist policies, considered illegal by the international community. 
The presence and continued expansion of Israeli settlements in the occupied Palestine has created a major obstacle for the efforts to establish peace in the Middle East. 
Over half a million Israelis live in more than 230 illegal settlements built since the 1967 Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories of the West Bank. A Palestinian man searches through his belongings after his family home was demolished by Israelis in Beit Hanina, near the illegal Israeli settlement of Ramat Shlomo (background) in East Jerusalem al-Quds, on October 26, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
All Israeli settlements are illegal under the international law. Tel Aviv has defied calls to stop the settlement expansion in the occupied Palestinian territories. 
Guaranteeing enmity with Tehran 
Some 150 people, including extremist Israelis and evangelical Christians, took part in the Trump rally in on Wednesday. 
Friedman echoed previous remarks by Trump, saying the real estate mogul would recognize East Jerusalem al-Quds as the capital of Israel if he wins the White House in the US 2016 presidential election. 
A short video message by Trump was also played at the event, in which he said, 'Together we will stand up to the enemies like Iran, bent on destroying Israel and her people. Together we will make America and Israel safe again.” 
According to leaked emails from March 2015 by former US secretary of state Colin Powell, the regime has pointed 200 nuclear weapons at the Iranian capital. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Vladimir Putin: The United States continues to sleep with al-Nusra ‹ › Richard Edmondson is an author, novelist, poet, and journalist whose writings often focus on Middle East issues, the Zionist lobby, and religion. His latest novel is The Memoirs of Saint John: When the Sandstone Crumbles , a story about an archaeological team doing a dig in Syria and set amidst the current conflict in the country. In 2014 Richard attended an International Conference on Combating Terrorism and Religious Extremism, held in Damascus. The book is part two in the Memoirs of Saint John series. Two other books by Richard are Rising Up: Class Warfare in America from the Streets to the Airwaves , relating his experiences founding and operating an unlicensed or "pirate" FM radio station in San Francisco in the 1990s, as well as a volume of poetry entitled American Bus Stop: Essay and Poems on Hope and Homelessness . Richard is cognizant of the words of the early Christian writer Tertullian, who in the second century-basically prognosticating the fall of the Roman Empire-wrote: "We have made merry amid the ludicrous cruelties of the noonday exhibition." Veterans Forced to Repay Signing Bonuses…While Billions in Aid Continues Flowing to Israel By Richard Edmondson on October 27, 2016 Petition Launched to Stop Veterans from Having to Repay Bonuses 
Let's say you recruit somebody to do a job for you. Because it's a particularly dirty job, you're having trouble finding people to fill the position… so… to sweeten the pot, you offer a $20,000 'signing bonus.” That's in addition, of course, to the monthly salary you plan to pay them. The added incentive helps. People start signing their names on the dotted line to go to work for you. 
Then nine or ten years pass by. Suddenly one day you think to yourself, 'Hell, what did I offer all those bonuses for? That was dumb. I think I'll demand my money back!” Of course some of the people you paid the money to are no longer alive, and others sustained catastrophic injuries while working for you, but hey! All's fair in love…and especially in war!!! 
Well, that's the predicament that a number of US veterans now find themselves in. Back in the days when the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were ramping up big time, military recruiters took to offering sizeable bonuses to get people to join or reenlist. Recently it was reported that the government has begun demanding this money back. Supposedly the bonuses never should have been paid out in the first place, and the decision to do so was a result of oversight, fraud, and mismanagement. 
So…long story short, veterans have begun paying back their bonuses, in some cases at the rate of hundreds of dollars per month, while others, those in financial binds who could not afford to meet the additional expenses, are said to be facing wage garnishment. There are reports that veterans are even being charged interest on their outstanding debt. 
As you may expect, the story of this shabby treatment of American vets has prompted public outrage, and the latest news, posted Wednesday at NPR , is that the Pentagon is now 'suspending” the debt collection program. 
Defense Secretary Ashton Carter is calling for 'the fair and equitable treatment of our service members and the rapid resolution of these cases,” although the article seems deliberately vague and ambiguous as to whether the bonuses will have to be repaid or whether the debts will be cancelled. The only thing stated clearly is that Carter intends to establish 'a streamlined, centralized process that ensures the fair and equitable treatment of our service members and the rapid resolution of these cases.” The 'resolution” (whatever that means) of 'these cases” is to be completed by no later than July 1, 2017, the Defense Secretary has announced. 
'Ultimately, we will provide for a process that puts as little burden as possible on any soldier who received an improper payment through no fault of his or her own,” Carter said. 'At the same time, it will respect our important obligation to the taxpayer.” 
Right now the focal point of the scandal is California, because that's where most of the illegal bonuses were paid, although it seems veterans in other states may be facing similar demands. Carter's statement on the matter addresses only the problem in California. 
A petition has been launched demanding Congress take action to rescind the obligation for veterans to repay the bonuses: 
In 2006, at the height of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the California National Guard offered bonuses for troops enlisting and re-enlisting. It was part of an aggressive recruitment effort to retain troops during the height of both of those wars. 
Now, ten years later, the Pentagon is demanding many of those who received bonuses – almost ten thousand service members – pay them back because they were offered in violation of Federal law. 
Right now, veterans are receiving letters from debt collectors, they're being threatened with tax liens, tax return withholdings and other penalties if they do not repay those bonuses. 
These troops, many of them whom went on to serve overseas, were offered these bonuses in good faith and should not be penalized for what amounts to a bureaucratic failure in oversight. 
Congress, or the Pentagon need to make this right, and they need to do it immediately. 
Sign our petition calling for immediate Congressional action, or action from the Defense Department, to use its authority to waive repayment of enlistment or re-enlisted bonuses they accepted in good faith ten years ago. 
The stories are heartbreaking: 
'It's gut-wrenching because you have to figure out what you're going to do and how you're going to survive. We were paying upward $1,300 a month back to that recoupment. We weren't able to afford everything — food for the kids, a day care.” – Christopher Van Meter, Iraq War Veteran and Purple Heart recipient 
Congress, or the Department of Defense, must take action immediately to make things right for Christopher, and thousands of veterans like him, who are being forced into an impossible situation because of mistakes they did not make. 
We're hopeful that there will be resolution on this issue, quickly, and we know that outcome is more likely if we all make our voices heard today. 
Sign our petition calling for immediate Congressional action, or action from the Defense Department, to use its authority to waive repayment of enlistment or re-enlisted bonuses they accepted in good faith ten years ago. 
I have worked in financial management at the base level and at the Pentagon. In my view, there is no more important task an agency has than to alleviate any issues related to the undue financial burden placed on these veterans and their families. 
Thank you for making your voice heard. 
You can click here to sign the petition. 
The US has been giving money to Israel since 1951, and of course nobody is presently demanding that any of that be repaid. The year 1979 was an especially watershed year–with $3 billion in US tax dollars being paid out. According to the Jewish Virtual Library, a 'second special package” was approved in 1985 due to a 'severe economic crisis in Israel,” this consisting of two disbursements, totaling $1.5 billion, handed out in 1985 and '86. (1) 
Economic aid, however, has gradually been phased out over the past 2o years and replaced by increases in military aid. In 2007, the Bush administration approved a 10-year, $30 billion package for military expenses, and most recently the Obama administration approved a $38 billion package that will start in 2019 and cover Israel through 2029. The present rate of flow of US tax dollars to Israel is approximately $10.2 million per day. (2) 
Aid to the Jewish state is of course vigorously pushed by the pro-Israel lobby in Washington. And the lobby, as many of us are aware, doesn't just clamor for aid; it also promotes wars. 
It's interesting that many military veterans now being called upon to repay their signing bonuses are veterans of the Iraq war. In the following video, dating from 2002, you'll see none other than Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu making a case for military action against Iraq, urging the US to wage 'preemptive war”–he actually uses that term, not once but repeatedly–and in the process claiming, falsely, that Saddam Hussein had chemical and biological weapons and was on the verge of acquiring nuclear weapons. Basically, he plays Congress like a violin. As you watch his performance, a performance that seems almost choreographed, consider what we now know about 9/11, the overwhelming evidence of controlled demolition, and of how the fall of Saddam Hussein led to the rise of ISIS. 
It's interesting to note what was going on in 2002 when Netanyahu made that appearance before Congress. This was two years after the start of the second Intifada, and Saddam Hussein had begun paying out sums of money, in some cases $25,000 , to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers. That's a fact of history, though not a well-known one. And while Saddam Hussein posed no threat to the US, quite obviously Israel had plenty of reason for wanting him overthrown. And so Netanyahu made his pitch before Congress. And neocon pundits in the media began fanning the flames of war. Weapons of mass destruction! Mushroom clouds! Smoking guns! Yellowcake uranium from Niger! And off we went to war!! 
A war essentially for Israel. 
By 2005 we were caught in a quagmire with no end in sight, and the Pentagon, having trouble meeting enlistment quotas, began sweetening the pot with signing bonuses. Between 2000 and 2008, the money spent on enlistment bonuses rose from $891 million to $1.4 billion. The following is an article from CBS News published back in 2007. You might find it interesting. 
Twenty-nine-year-old Joan Marte thinks now is the right time to join the army. 
'I get to travel, basic training sounds like fun,” he says. 
Yemin Ko, 24, who describes himself as a patriot, is also signing up. 
'I wanted to do something important,” he says. 
The Army needs them both to meet its enlistment goals for this year. 
It surpassed its July recruitment targets by more than 200 new soldiers, CBS News correspondent Michelle Miller reports, by adding recruiters — and with an unprecedented incentive: $20,000 signing bonus given to soldiers willing to ship out to basic training within a month . 
'The intent of the bonus is to get folks to ship quickly so they can attend basic training and we can meet the end strength the army is required to have,” says Lt. Col. Joseph Feliciano. 
In New York, recruitment commanders say they're already seeing better numbers this month since the signing bonuses were put on the table. And the army hopes to pump up those numbers by September 30th, the end of the fiscal year. 
'Is this what we really want? To bribe people to get them to go and fight an unpopular war?” says Larry Korb, who served as assistant secretary of defense in the Reagan Administration. Korb, who is a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress, says the new policy will be bad for the army. 
'They've already lowered the standards. Last year, when they did meet their recruiting goals, they had lowered the educational and aptitude standards,” says Korb. 
Under the new deal, recruits could be serving in a combat zone within four months. 
'That's a risk I'm willing to take, and I'm proud of it,” says Ko. 
Yemin Ko says he'll be ready to serve, and at a time when every body counts, the Army is banking on the same thing. (3) 
That was in 2007. Now here we are nine years later, and veterans are being told to repay the money they were paid. One such veteran is Susan Haley, who got sent to Afghanistan in 2008 and is now trying to repay the bonus she received. She presently sends the Pentagon $650 per month–a quarter of her family's income. 
'I feel totally betrayed,” Haley told the L.A. Times . 'They'll get their money, but I want those years back.” 
Haley, 47, spent 26 years in the Army along with her husband and oldest son, a medic who lost his leg in Afghanistan. 
There is a lot of outrage felt in America now toward our own government, and certainly a lot of it is justified. But maybe Americans, particularly those whose passions have been aroused over the treatment of veterans, should start considering the enormous influence exerted by the Israeli lobby in Washington, along with the possibility that the anger they're now reserving for their own government is, at least in part, misdirected. 
Notes: 
1. Jewish Virtual Library, US-Israel Foreign Aid 2. If Americans Knew, US Aid 3. CBS News, Army-signing-bonuses-bring-in-recruits, Aug. 11, 2007 Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Russia: No jets have flown over Aleppo for past 9 days By Press TV on October 27, 2016 Russian servicemen prepare a Sukhoi Su-30SM fighter jet before departure on a mission at the Hmeimin military base in Latakia province, western Syria on Dec. 16, 2015. (Photo by AFP) 
Moscow says Russian and Syrian aircraft have not carried out any sorties over Aleppo for nine days in line with their 'humanitarian pause.” 
The Russian Defense Ministry responded on Thursday a day after a monitoring group sympathetic to militants claimed that airstrikes had killed at least 26 people in a village in Idlib. 
Russia's Ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin challenged the UN and the West to provide evidence of continuing airstrikes in Aleppo. 
Churkin said no aircraft has approached the city at a distance of less than 10 km since a unilateral moratorium was announced by Russia and Syria on October 18 'in response to the UN call, and as a goodwill gesture.” 
'If you have any information that there were any missile and bomb strikes, please provide this information,” Churkin said, adding he expected an 'objective analysis” of the current situation. 
Churkin also criticized the UN for failing 'to thrash out in a proper way the operation on evacuation of the sick and injured people.” 
'The UN staff members have failed to exert required pressure on patrons of the illegal armed units so that the militants could cooperate with humanitarian workers.” 
The Russian ambassador also hit out at UN aid envoy Stephen O'Brien for bias and arrogance after claiming that Aleppo had become a 'kill zone” under Russian and Syrian bombs. 
The US, Britain and France rushed to his defense in one of the stormiest council sessions in weeks after Churkin accused O'Brien of failing to recognize that Russia and Syria had declared a humanitarian pause. 
Churkin criticized the UN official for failing to present the facts objectively while foreign-backed rebels and al-Qaeda-linked terrorists are hampering a UN plan to evacuate the wounded from Aleppo. 
'Please leave this kind of report to a novel that you might write one day,” the Russian ambassador told the UN official. 
In Moscow, Russian Foreign Ministry said Takfiri militants continue to indiscriminately target residential neighborhoods of Aleppo, using makeshift rocket launchers, and preventing civilians from leaving the city's militant-held east. 
'Aircraft of the Russian aerospace forces and the Syrian air force have not been carrying out any flight closer than the 10-kilometer zone around the city of Aleppo for nine days,” ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov said. Fighters from the so-called Free Syrian Army fire an anti-aircraft machine gun mounted near the northern Syrian village of Beraan north of Aleppo, Oct. 24, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
Warships won't join Aleppo campaign 
The Foreign Ministry also dismissed as absurd suggestions from NATO that a new Russian battle group heading to the Mediterranean would join the campaign against terrorists in Aleppo. 
The rebuttal came after NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg warned on Tuesday that the ships could be used to launch more airstrikes. 
Andrei Kelin, a senior Russian Foreign Ministry official, told the RIA news agency that Stoltenberg's statement was unhelpful. 
'The concerns are not based on anything as our planes have not come near Aleppo for nine days. Our battle group is in the Mediterranean. Our ships have always had a presence there,” said Kelin. 
'Double standards' 
Meanwhile, Syria's Ambassador to the United Nations Bashar al-Ja'afari denounced double standards towards the ongoing conflict in his country. 
Ja'afari lashed out at the US for supporting the so-called moderate militants in eastern Aleppo. He said Takfiri terrorists are now in possession of US-built rockets. Syria's Permanent Representative to the United Nations, Bashar al-Ja'afari 
He also slammed Turkey's aggressive policies toward Syria amid US support, saying it violated the basics of international law. 
Ja'afari said Saudi Arabia – another key ally of the West – is supporting terrorism while Wahhabi muftis are fanning the flames of bloodshed in Syria, Iraq and Yemen through their decrees. 
The entire Syrian population, he said, is suffering from the militancy being sponsored by Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Qatar and Israel. 
Ja'afari called on all members of the UN Security Council to exercise their responsibilities concerning the establishment of security and peace across the globe. 
'No Russian, Syrian role in fatal Idlib raids' 
In another development on Thursday, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman, Maria Zakharova, rejected as 'a lie” claims that Russian and Syrian warplanes had conducted fatal air raids in the northwestern province of Idlib. 
She was reacting to reports that 22 children and six teachers were killed in airstrikes that hit a school and nearby areas in Idlib. 
The so-called Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group linked to foreign-backed militants in Syria, later claimed 'warplanes — either Russian or Syrian — carried out six strikes” in the Idlib village of Hass, where the school is located. 
Zakharova further stressed 'the Russian Federation has nothing to do with this terrible tragedy, with this attack,” adding that Moscow has called for an immediate investigation into the incident. 
Commenting on the reports on Idlib airstrikes earlier in the day, Russia's UN Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said 'it's horrible, horrible. I hope we were not involved.” 
'It's easy for me to say 'no' but I'm a responsible person. I need to see what our Defense Ministry is going to say,” he added.
ARTICLE

Vladimir Putin: The United States continues to sleep with al-Nusra ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Trump Caught Again, Ripping Off Kids Charity This time By GPD on October 27, 2016 Trump golf course sponsors charity fundraiser for kids — and then asks for half of the money DAVID EDWARDS Officials at the Boys and Girls Clubs of Palm Beach County complained this week after one of Donald Trump's golf courses hit the charity with $20,000 in charges to hold a fundraiser that was expected to cost little or nothing. 
The Palm Beach Post reported in July that the Trump International Golf Club is required to allow charities to use its facilities because the course is built on county land. Each year the charity is selected by a different county commissioner. This year, County Commissioner Melissa McKinlay selected the Boys and Girls Clubs of Palm Beach County to receive the benefit. And Trump's course signed on to sponsor the fundraiser. 
But McKinlay learned this week from Assistant County Administrator Todd Bonlarron that Trump's people were requiring the charity to pay $20,000 in golf and catering fees. In the past, fees had reportedly been capped at $5,000. 
In an email this week, Mark Casale, vice president philanthropy for the Boys and Girls Clubs, told McKinlay and Assistant County Administrator Todd Bonlarron that Trump's course was effectively asking for half of the proceeds from the fundraiser. 
Read more at Raw Story Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Vladimir Putin: The United States continues to sleep with al-Nusra ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Breaking: Iraq's Maliki Slashes Barzani for Kurdish-Israeli Alliance By GPD on October 27, 2016 Main Kurdish party slams Maliki for derogatory comments against president [ Editor's Note : Maliki calls out Barzani is a tool of Israel in the region. He was prime minister (Maliki is a VT affiliate [meaning that we have direct contact with him…JD]…so we give him a break. ) when Mosul fell and has been blamed for army corruption. The Iraqi army is almost entirely Sunni, a minority in Iraq while the majority Shiites have formed militias to fight ISIS with the backing of Iran. The Sunni's reached out to the Gulf States, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Turkey and Kurdistan because they weren't enjoying the same power they had under Saddam. In answer, ISIS, a small Ramadi based extremist group was reborn at the hands of intelligence agencies and military leaders of Israel, the US and other states. It is our belief that the current move on Mosul is going to expose what has gone on. If Mosul is cleansed, Turkey, who really is 'ISIS” will hang on in Iraq tied to the Erbil Kurds and their Israeli allies, as you see below… Gordon Duff ] 
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region – The Kurdistan Region's largest political party on Thursday slammed former Iraqi prime minister Nouri al-Maliki for derogatory comments the previous day against Kurdistan and its President, Masoud Barzani. 'Maliki's role in inciting sectarianism, his entanglement in corruption and his harming of Iraq's political, security and economic standing is clear to all Iraqis as well as the international community,” the KDP said in a statement. 'He is disloyal. No one has been as helpful to Maliki as the Kurdish nation, Kurdistan's political parties, especially the KDP,” the party said in a statement. 
The KDP, whose leader is Masoud Barzani, compared Maliki to one of Saddam Hussein's most notorious henchmen. 'The disloyalty he has shown and the crimes he has committed against the Kurdish nation are no lesser than the crimes of Ali Hasan al-Majid (chemical Ali). He was the indulged son of the US at some point, yet disloyal to them now,” the KDP statement added, referring to Maliki's cooperation with US forces in the past. 
In an interview with Euronews aired Wednesday, Maliki lashed out at Barzani, accusing him of implementing Israel's policy in the region, claiming, 'Kurdistan will become the second Palestine in the future,” and adding that 'Israeli sympathizers and elements are abundant in Kurdistan.” 
Maliki, who is the secretary general of the Daawa Party and head of the State of Law Faction in parliament, slammed Barzani, saying the, 'Kurdistan Region has become a strategic and developed platform for the implementation of the US-Israeli policy, and by Kurdistan I do not mean all the Kurds. I mean only Masoud Barzani and the Kurdistan Democratic Party .” 
He also blamed the Kurdistan Region for the presence of Turkish troops in the country. 'The Turkish Army has come to Bashiqa by permission of the Kurdistan Region. The (Turkish) force has come through Ibrahim Khalil and Zakho Bridges, passing via Duhok and is positioned in Bashiqa now. The Kurdistan Region thinks that it is a neighbor and a friend of Iraq, not a part of Iraq,” charged Maliki, who is now a vice president. 
The KDP referred to Maliki's 'failed cabinet” and his failed army, which collapsed in the face of an ISIS onslaught in June 2014, fleeing without a fight and giving up large swathes of territory, including the city of Mosul. 
His 'puppet army could not stand ISIS for two hours, giving away half of Iraq along with the military equipment and ammunition of six brigades to ISIS,” the KDP noted. 
It added that, 'He built an army which had no allegiance to the country, but animosity to the Peshmerga. He is not happy to see the unprecedented coordination between the Peshmerga and the Iraqi Army which are fighting terrorism together, liberating the areas which his coward army gave to ISIS. Maliki is unhappy to see that the Peshmerga and the Iraqi forces are successful in fighting terror. He is just like the wounded bear that bites its wounds out of pain and desperation.” 
The KDP said, 'We want to reassure him (Maliki) that Kurdistan's borders are not the ones determined by Saddam Hussein and Maliki. The borders of Kurdistan are those which the Peshmerga have liberated from ISIS, and we will stay there. He should know that he will end up with nothing other than embarrassment in the face of the will of Kurdistan, the Peshmerga and the KDP.” 
The statement added that, 'Maliki is dreaming of ruling Iraq again. It is impossible for him to run Iraq again. He cannot and is not entitled to run Kurdistan, even if he gets to run Iraq again.” 
It said that, 'if Maliki had any honor, he would not have appeared on TV talking about Mosul and its liberation.”
ARTICLE

By Jonas E. Alexis on October 27, 2016 Putin: 'Some people, from the outside, think that if they can 'comb' the region to how they see fit – some of them call this 'democracy' – then the region will come into calmness and order. That's not how it is." 'Will NWO agents ever learn logic?” …by Jonas E. Alexis 
The United States and New World Order agents have obviously enough reasons to hate Vladimir Putin because he doesn't back down when it comes to fighting terrorism and the New World Order in Syria. Putin delivers. And obviously NWO agents would love to see his head on a silver platter. Putin declares: 
' You know what [the Americans] can't answer us? The key armed opposition group…al-Nusra…Yes, this organization is one of the key ones in the armed opposition [against Assad]. The U.S. State Department has confirmed it is a terrorist organization linked to al-Qaeda. Al-Nusra does not hide that fact. And – what are [the Americans suggesting]? For al-Nusra to be in the future parliament? 
'Or, here's another example. They support certain organizations that are fighting against Assad in Syria, yet those same countries [who support them in Syria] fight against these organizations in Mali. Often, not only are they the same organizations – they are the same individuals. They simply leave Syria and go to fight in Mali – where western states do not support them. Then the same people go back to Syria and there they are supported.” 
Read those statements again and ask yourself these questions: When was the last time that a leader in Europe and in America ever pointed them out? Has even John Kerry ever taken time to responsibly address this internal contradiction? Has any NWO agent ever even bothered to give their listeners a rational response? 
Well, not a single NWO agent has ever attempted to formulate a serious answer. Not one. In fact, what we have been hearing over and over is that Russia is the bad guy; Putin is a potentate seeking to expand Russia's influence in the entire world; Russia is not attacking ISIS or terrorist groups but civilians in Syria, and on and on it goes. 
Putin asks: 'Where is the logic? How will it all end? These are not just empty words.” 
Well, Mr. Putin, there is no logic at all. The New World Order does not have to have logic and formulate serious arguments. They have to resort to name calling, colossal hoaxes, complete and deliberate fabrications, and deceptive means. These issues have been certainly frustrating to Russian officials, including Russia's Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Maria Zakharova. YouTube - Veterans Today - 
Christopher A. Preble wrote in The New Republic that Assad posed no threat whatsoever to the security of the United States, that it was foolish for the US to get involved in this war, and that 81 percent of the American people did not approve sending troops to Syria. [1] 
Russia in particular wanted to talk to the Syrian rebels in order to settle a peace treaty, but their response was that the toppling of Assad was a precondition for peace talk. [2] Who, then, are the real terrorists? 
No New World Order agent will answer this question in any rational fashion because the system itself is incoherent and worthless. Putin again nails it when he says: 'Some people, from the outside, think that if they can 'comb' the region to how they see fit – some of them call this 'democracy' – then the region will come into calmness and order. That's not how it is. Without taking into account the history, the traditions, religious particularities, you must not do anything in the Middle East, especially as an outsider.” 
Obviously New World Order agents, most specifically the Neocons, are still upset with Putin. They still blame him for virtually anything bad that happens in Syria. Flaming Neocon Max Boot has recently written: 
'Russia aircraft dropped incendiaries, cluster munitions, and even giant 'bunker buster' bombs on homes and hospitals, killing and maiming at random.” [3] 
Boot talks about 'a durable peace” in Syria, but for that to happen, he advocates a serious confrontation with Assad, which would inexorably lead to another confrontation with Russia. 
In a similar vein, Matthew Kroenig of the Weekly Standard cannot sleep well at night because he thinks that 'Putin's nuclear trash talk needs a serious response.” [4] 
If Putin is the real threat here, then Kroenig has a lot of rethinking to do precisely because the state of Israel doesn't just declare that they have nuclear warheads. They literally declare that they can obliterate cities in Europe practically overnight. Remember Martin van Creveld's bold statement? Here it is again: 'We possess several hundred atomic warheads and rockets and can launch them at targets in all directions, perhaps even at Rome. Most European capitals are targets for our air force…. We have the capability to take the world down with us. And I can assure you that that will happen before Israel goes under.” [5] 
Keep in mind that Creveld is an Israeli military historian. He has written books for Cambridge University Press and other academic institutions. Yet Zionist outlets were completely silent about his statement. In fact, they never seriously challenged him or even the state of Israel on that very issue. 
Those outlets are much more interested in Vladimir Putin and Assad than addressing the serious issues. That is one reason why organs like the Economist , Newsweek , and the New Statesman never missed an opportunity to attack Putin. 
Yet despite all their lies and fabrications, Russia continues to thrive. Perhaps NWO agents need to learn very quickly that truth will triumph in the end. 
[1] Christopher A. Preble, 'Please, Mr. President, Don't Intervene in Syria,” New Republic , December 14, 2012. 
[2] Michal Shmulovich, 'Russian FM's Overtures for Talks,” Times of Israel , December 28, 2012. 
[3] Max Boot, 'Cleaning Up Obama's Syria's Mess,” Commentary, October 14, 2016. 
[4] Matthew Kroenig, 'Putin's Nuclear Trash Talk Needs a Serious Response,” Weekly Standard , October 24, 2016. 
[5] Quoted in 'The War Game,” Guardian , September 21, 2003. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

… from Sputnik News , Moscow We are led to believe that this blast photo has something to do with the photo below, which is a very poor hoax [ Editor's Note : My, my… are rogue elements in the Pentagon running these strikes to keep wind in the sails of the US' phony anti-terrorism campaign in Syria, or are Obama and Kerry in on it? The lead classroom photo used in mass media for this 'bombing attack” was an obvious fake. From the size of the blast column, there would have been nothing left to photograph but a hole in the ground, since the blast column photo looks like a 2000-lb bomb. Our make-believe newswires are supposed to have talent to catch obvious hoax stories, and this is certainly one of those. Maybe they would want to put us under contract to help them out. There is no excuse for the UN doing its jump-on-the-bandwagon routine. It has access to a lot of talent, including photo analysts, for situations like this. And the UN must be aware of the history of faked attacks by the Jihadi media during the Syrian war. ISIS has been piecing together stock footage for several years now, whenever they need a headline grabber. Mass media is even worse. With their big budgets, they are supposed to have expert people to send images to for some reality smell-testing. Even an amateur could spot this hoax. Somebody is desperate to create a climate calling for attacks on the Syrian and Russian Air Forces. Gosh, who could possibly want that? … Jim W. Dean ] This was an instant fake. A bomb coming through that wall would have blown the desks to smithereens, plus would have penetrated the roof, not the side. – First published … October 27, 2016 – 
Russian reconnaissance means have registered a US attack drone in the area where a school in Syrua's Idlib had been bombed, the Russian Defense Ministry said Thursday. 
A US' MQ-1B Predator drone has been seen in the area, the ministry's spokesman Igor Konashenkov said. No Russian aircraft entered the area over the Syrian Idlib, where the alleged strike took place, he added. Moreover, Russian UAVs have not registered any signs of the destruction of the school's roof or shell craters, Maj. Gen. Konashenkov said. A Russian drone has been sent to the area Thursday morning. 'According to a photo made by a Russian UAV, the school's roof is not damaged and there are no bomb craters in the area near the school. Similar information may be requested from our American colleagues. Russian reconnaissance means registered a US' MQ-1B Predator attack drone.” Video footage published in media showing the alleged strike on the Idlib school have been fabricated, the ministry added. 'Video footage published by a number of foreign media outlets of an alleged strike on the residential area of Hass [in Idlib] consists of more than 10 pieces pasted together, being shot at different times of the day.” Moreover, Konashenkov added that the school's fence has not been damaged at all, while if an aerial bomb exploded, 'the fence and all the walls of the buildings would have been destroyed and damaged by shrapnel, while the furniture would have been swept away by the shock wave.” 
According to the spokesman, the photo published by the AFP agency showed that the nature and the extent of the damage sustained by the school were not similar to the destruction caused by airstrikes. 
Earlier in the day, the executive director of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) Anthony Lake said that as many as 22 children and six teachers were killed in an attack on a school in Idlib. Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova condemned the attack on a school in Syria's Idlib and called for an investigation into the bombing. She also said that international media 'launched an attack” on Russia by claiming that Moscow and Damascus are behind the bombing without presenting evidence. 
The UNICEF has fallen victim to another hoax by the White Helmets NGO, the Russian Defense Ministry spokesman added. 'Before making statements, UNISEF officials should check the sources of its information,” he said, adding that such a respected organization should not undermine its reputation.
ARTICLE

Syrian War Report – October 27, 2016: Russian Strikes Destroyed Over 300 Terrorists' Oil Facilities ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Deterioration of Interracial Relations During Barack Obama's Presidency By South Front on October 27, 2016 …from SouthFront 
Inter-racial conflict in the US continues to escalate despite the fact that a black president has been leading the country for 8 years. All of the various ethnic groups that comprise American society, hoped that Barack Obama would be able to 'sew” together the fabric of a nation torn by racial and social divisions, but racism is still on the rise. This poses a significant threat to US homeland security. Government institutions and big business continue to be controlled by the white elites and the perilous social situation of ethnic minorities continues to be accompanied by an increase in crime. This causes growing racial intolerance at all levels. People are frustrated by the lack of change in inter-racial relations, which has led to a new round of racial violence. 
The most striking example of the exacerbation of racial conflict is the situation prevailing around so-called police violence. Every case of the killing of an unarmed African American in recent years becomes an occasion for demonstrations, which very often degenerate into riots. The new mass protest movements are thriving and growing in influence, aided by social media. For example, 'Black Lives Matter,” which is compared to the 'Black Panthers' of the 70s. Despite the lack of talented leaders and clear programs, in such associations, their ongoing radicalization is evident. That was demonstrated by the riots in Ferguson of 2014 and the case of the murder of police officers in Baton Rouge. 
The indignation of the colored population at police actions is justified. The level of police violence in the United States is quite high. It is known that American cops kill 5 times more people than Canadian police, 40 times more than German police, and 140 times more than police in England and Wales. 
All segments of the American population are suffering from a disproportionate use of force by police. According to the resource 'Mapping police violence”, from the 1st of January, 2013 to the 31st of December 2015, 3,486 people were killed by police, or approximately 1100 people per year. Of these, 571 were Hispanic (16%), 949 African-American (27%) and 1522 (43%) were White. These figures must be compared to the fact that Whites are 64% of the US population, African-Americans are 13% of the overall population, while 16% are Hispanic. However, the divergent behavior of the white population is much rarer due to a higher level of income and social stability. Of course, most of those killed by police were carrying weapons, and the lives of the policemen were in danger. But it is generally thought that US cops are more willing to open fire on people of color, because the policemen believe that the level of criminality and readiness for violence of Hispanics and African Americans is much higher. Additional factors which lead to an increase in racial tensions are racial prejudices and the established practice of cops consistently being acquitted by the U.S. court system. 
Largely because of the actions of the US ruling elites, there now exists a group of people who are above the law whose members have a license to kill. Shooting at unarmed people, including children and teens, beating of pregnant women, shooting at people with disabilities and other 'controversial” actions of American cops all are commonplace occurrences in the United States. The Members of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination (CERD) noted that in the United States there exists such inhumane methods as testing experimental medicines on inmates (predominantly African American) in prisons, the forced sterilization of minority women, and numerous incidents of police abuse of power directed towards the non-white population. However, the increased use of cameras amongst both the civilian population and police departments has facilitated increasingly frequent recordings of such cases of violence and has helped in gaining them publicity. That increased awareness that, in turn, has led to the outrage of the African-American population. 
Many US police forces continue to subject African Americans to more thorough searches and more forceful tactics during arrests. Unofficially, they explain these practices by referring to statistical data presented by such sources as American Renaissance and Daily Stormer. For example, blacks are seven times more likely than people of other races to commit murder, and eight times more likely to commit robbery. They are also three times more likely to use a hand gun, and twice more likely to use a knife. A number of police officers believe that 'special attention” to African American citizens improves crime detection rates. However, it has a significant impact on the rise in police dissatisfaction. Although the number of attacks on police and their killings has declined in recent years, experts explain it by the fact that US police are increasingly avoiding 'black” neighborhoods, where they can be particularly vulnerable. 
Moreover, a large part of the US population is puzzled with the public position of President Obama who invariably condemns the actions of the police and grieves for the black victims of police violence, but is silent about the cases of murder of police officers in the course of discharging their official responsibilities. Such a situation leads to an increase in real crime, which is not reflected in official statistics. We should not forget that the number of firearms in the United States recently surpassed the number of inhabitants and according to various estimates there are more than 320 million guns in the US, of which more than 270 million are in the hands of the civilian population. Therefore, a further escalation of violence in the American society, at any time, can lead to very dire consequences. In general, ethnic tensions peaked since the beginning of the Barack Obama presidency. Thus, according to the official FBI statistics, in 2015 the number of white-on-black murders and vice versa reached their highest levels in 2008. The number of white-on-black murders has increased by 12%, while the number of black-on-white murders increased 22%. 
According to the report of the Chair-Rapporteur of the United Nations Working Group of Experts on People of African Descent Ricardo III Sunga (Philippines), the US maintains 'structural racism”. It is a correct assessment of the situation. Despite the fact that the police officers are under the special protection of the state, laws aimed at fighting race discrimination, have the opposite effect of reverse discrimination, harming ordinary Americans. The use of unofficial, but very real quotas for the appointment of people of color at schools and businesses sometimes does not allow qualified 'white” experts to get jobs or promotion. In case of conflicts of a civil nature between people with different skin color, they are usually subjected to racial profiling. At the same time, public opinion and the Supreme Court often find themselves on the side of national minorities. 
On the other hand, the US still has a low level of political representation of ethnic minorities. As of November 2015, there have been a total of 1,963 members of the United States Senate, but only nine have been black, including Barack Obama. Out of 10,884 US Representatives, only 131 have been black. At present, there are no black governors at all. This lack of political representation also leads to more social tension. 
No improvement has been observed during the final year of the first US African American presidency, instead, considerable aggravation of interracial conflict has been noted, to the point of it becoming one of the most dangerous threats to homeland security. Obama failed to cope with social problems, although he managed to stabilize the economy following the crisis. Still, 27% of African Americans continue to live below the poverty line, an average of 12% do not have steady employment. In some cities this figure reaches 40% and even as high as 50%. The level of culture, education and labor skills is also low. All this leads to an increase in crime among African Americans, and thus foments racist sentiment in society at large. This also leads to an exacerbation of black on black crime. For example, in Chicago, over the past 3 years, 75% of murder victims are young black males and 72% of murder perpetrators are also young black males. Social conditions in such places are affected by the fact that a large percentage of children grow up in broken homes. 
As far as inter-party competition is concerned, it is obvious that in spite of the election of a black president, the Democrats failed to improve the lives of African Americans. Their criticism of the GOP's harsh race rhetoric in order to attract voters, this is also an attempt to hide the fact they are not interested in changing the status quo. Paradoxically, only Republicans with their strict 'law and order” approach are truly interested in the implementation of certain changes. Although the consequences of their policies in the event of capturing the White House, remain to be seen. 
Summing up President Obama's activities in the sphere of interracial relations, we can say that he has not developed a new national idea in order to deal with the problem of racism. US history will remember the first black president not as an idealist fighting for the rights of the oppressed, but as a servant of the ruling white elite and its interests. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on October 27, 2016, With 221 Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments
ARTICLE

  Trump's grandfather was a pimp and tax evader; his father a member of the KKK   As they say, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree; Donald Trump's racism can easily be traced through his lineage. American Herald Tribune Trump's grandfather was a pimp and tax evader; his father a member of the KKK 
Most families of enormous wealth have a dark and sometimes scandalous, even monstrous past. Donald Trump's clan is no exception to that rule. His grandfather was a pimp and a tax evader, his father a racist who would in the course of his life, clash with New York City Police as a member of the Ku Klux Klan and then as a wealthy real estate magnate, refuse to rent to people of color. 
Donald Trump's legacy is anything but a rags to riches story. His dad kicked the bucket with $250-$300 million in the bank. The man who wants to ban all people of a particular religion from travel, wasn't born with a silver spoon in his mouth, his was white gold. The only thing more obnoxious than Donald Trump himself, is his family's money grubbing, bigoted history. The Trumps: Three generations of criminals 
Trump's Grandfather: Pimp and Tax Evader 
Donald Trump's grandfather, Frederick or Frederich Trump, made his money from operating a decadent restaurant and hotel during the Gold Rush at Klondike in the Yukon. 
That's a nice way of saying it. 
'Trump made his first fortune operating boom-town hotels, restaurants and brothels”, is more accurate, according to the CBC news report, 'Donald   says”. Author Gwenda Blair simply wrote, '”The   sex.” 
Trump's grandfather was born in Germany, to parents who were employed by a vineyard. He moved to New York City in 1885 where he became a barber. After six years of this, Frederick Trump moved across the United States to Seattle, Washington, where he owned and operated what he referred to as a 'decadent restaurant” that was actually called 'Poodle Dog” in Seattle's red light district. Interestingly, the name and concept that had already been established in San Francisco. (He named his restaurant after a dog but would later make money selling horse meat) Around this time Frederick Trump became a US citizen. 
A Yukon Sun Newspaper writer described his business: 'For single men the Arctic has excellent accommodations as well as the best restaurant in Bennett, but I   –   sex”. 
Trump moved to Monte Cristo, Wash. in 1894, and then four years later, shortly after the Klondike gold rush began, he relocated again to Bennett, British Columbia. Here he ran the 'Actic Restaurant and Hotel”. He would next build the 'White Horse restaurant and Inn” in Whitehorse, Yukon. 
An article published this year by Politico, explains that Frederick Trump sold off his investments and returned to Germany in 1901, as he sensed the end of the gold rush and a subsequent end to prostitution. The following year, he married his former neighbor, Elizabeth Christ in his native German town of Kallstadt. Then he came under heavy scrutiny by the German government, 
The country had compulsory military service for men which had to be fulfilled by the age of 35. Donald Trump's grandfather waited until he was 35 to go back to Germany. He had already amassed great wealth worth well more than half a million US dollars, or 80,000 marks. While his town council was eager to keep Trump and his money, who billed himself as a man who 'avoided bars” and led 'a quiet life”, other German authorities had a different plan, the Politico article explains. In their view, Trump had relocated to Germany in order to avoid both tax and military-service obligations. 
'…the regional authorities refused to let Trump off the hook. Unlike his grandson, who would become too big to fail in business and, more recently, to ignore in politics, Friedrich Trump was not big enough to get away with being a draft-dodger. He and his wife, then pregnant with Fred, Donald's father, would not be allowed to resume their German citizenship and it would not be extended to their daughter; instead, they were deported—the same fate that Donald would like to impose on undocumented immigrants in the U.S. today.” 
The fact that Donald Trump has done so well in the Republican polls is quite amazing, as the party that we think of as conservative, would be expected to shun a man who created exploitative beauty pageants and was born rich strictly because of the nefarious activities of his ancestors. 
Trump's Father: a Lifetime of Racist Practices 
Donald Trump has often said he made his money 'the old-fashioned way,” and this is true, in that he prospered from racism. 
A New York Times article published 01 June 1927, related Donald Trump's father Fred Trump's role in a Ku Klux Klan brawl that pitted 1,000 klansmen against 100 New York City Police in Queens. Though he wasn't officially charged, Fred Trump was one of seven klansmen arrested during the incident. It probably wasn't very shocking at the time as America's racist practices were in full swing generations after Abe Lincoln freed the country's African-American slaves. In fact the mid-20's saw a peak in KKK activity. Donald Trump would later deny his father's involvement in the KKK brawl in spite of the fact that it happened two decades before he was born. Fred Trump's enthusiasm for racist practices never changed until he was forced to do so by the law. 
Presidential Candidate Donald Trump joined his father's real estate company in New York in 1971, and only two years later, the company was served with a civil rights lawsuit that was filed against the Trump organization because it refused to rent to Black people. The Urban League got wind of the racist rental policy and actually sent both Black and White people in to apply for apartments that belonged to complexes owned by the Trumps. What they proved, was that Black people were denied rentals across the board, and only Whites were approved. A Village Voice article by Wayne Barrett, published in 1979, blew the lid off the Trump organization's brewing pot of racist practices. 
'Three doormen were told to discourage blacks who came seeking apartments when the manager was out, either by claiming no vacancies or hiking up the rents. A super said he was instructed to send black applicants to the central office but to accept white applications on site. Another rental agent said that Fred Trump had instructed him not to rent to blacks. Further, the agent said Trump wanted 'to decrease the number of black tenants' already in the development 'by encouraging them to locate housing elsewhere.'” 
The article explains that Trump's reaction was to claim that the suit was a, 'nationwide drive to force owners of moderate and luxury apartments to rent to welfare recipients.” 
''We are not going to be forced by anyone to put people…in our buildings to the detriment of tenants who have, for many years, lived in these buildings, raised families in them, and who plan to continue to live there. That would be reverse discrimination,' he said. 'The government is not going to experiment with our buildings to the detriment of ourselves and the thousands who live in them now.'” 
Indeed, Trump's wild, largely uninformed and unintelligent rants are the legacy of men who walked over the backs of other Americans to gain and secure their wealth. This may be symbolic to the American capitalist way, but it falls short of any form of greatness or real human success. As they say, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

  Donald   says   Friedrich Trump amassed 'substantial nest-egg' from Yukon hotel before heading to New York Donald   says 
Canadians amused by the improbable presidential run of Donald Trump might be surprised to learn the role their own country played in shaping his story. 
Trump's grandfather started the family fortune in an adventure that involved the Klondike gold rush, the Mounties, prostitution and twists of fate that pushed him to New York City. 
Friedrich Trump had been in North America a few years when he set out for the Yukon, says an author who's just completed a new edition of her multi-generational family biography. 
That Canadian chapter proved pivotal for the entrepreneurial German immigrant, says Gwenda Blair, author of The Trumps: Three Generations That Built An Empire. 
'It allowed him to get together the nest egg he'd come to the United States for,” the author and Columbia University journalism professor said in an interview. 
'Whether he could've accumulated that much money somewhere else, in that short a period of time, as a young man with no connections, and initially not even English, is certainly … unlikely.” 
He'd left Europe in 1885 at age 16, a barber's apprentice whose father died young. 
Trump wanted a life outside the barber shop, far from the family-owned vineyards his ancestors had been working since they'd settled in Germany's Kallstadt region in the 1600s carrying the soon-altered surname Drumpf. 
He sailed in steerage to join his sister in New York. 
Within five years he'd anglicized his name to Frederick; moved to the young timber town of Seattle; and amassed enough cash to buy tables and chairs for a restaurant. 
His next big move was heralded by the front page of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer of July 17, 1897, and its exclamatory headline: 'Gold! Gold! Gold!” 
It described a resplendent scene at the port involving mountains of yellow metal and men returning from the 'New Eldorado” with fortunes as high as $100,000. 
Trump sold everything and headed north. 
The move to Canada spared him financial disaster. He not only sold off two Seattle eateries, but also land in nearby Monte Cristo, Wash. — right before floods and avalanches destroyed the nearby railroad and development plans for the town were scrapped. 
Blair describes his perilous northward journey in early 1898. 
After boarding a crowded ship to Alaska, Trump trekked over mountains, through Canadian customs, and to the Yukon River where he had to build a boat from scratch and transport a year's worth of personal supplies. 
The worst was a notorious mountain pass. The U.S. National Parks Service estimates 3,000 animals died on the White Pass, with many bones still visible today in its so-called Dead Horse Gulch. 
'Owners whipped horses, donkeys, mules, oxen, and dogs until they dropped. The bodies were not buried or even moved,” Blair writes. 
'Travellers … had no choice but to walk over the remains. As the months went by, the walls of the pass were stained dark red from the blood.” 
Trump smelled opportunity. 
He opened a canteen along the route, Blair says, where weary travellers likely stopped for a bite of Arctic roadkill. There are records for similar establishments along the route, Blair writes: 'A frequent dish was fresh-slaughtered, quick-frozen horse.” 
This established a pattern for Trump's Canadian business model. 
It's summed up in one chapter title: 'Mining the Miners.” 
Unlike other gold-crazed migrants, Blair wrote, '[Trump] realized that the best way to get [rich] was to lay down his pick and shovel and pick up his accounting ledger.” 
'Liquor and sex' 
In his three years in Canada, Trump opened the Arctic Restaurant and Hotel in two locations with a partner — first on Bennett Lake in northern B.C., and then moving it to Whitehorse, Yukon. 
Their two-storey wood-framed establishment gained a reputation as the finest eatery in the area, Blair said — offering salmon, duck, caribou, and oysters. 
It offered more than food. 
'The   sex,” Blair wrote. She cited newspaper ads referring obliquely to prostitution — mentioning private suites for ladies, and scales in the rooms so patrons could weigh gold if they preferred to pay for services that way. 
One Yukon Sun writer moralized about the backroom goings-on: 'For single men the Arctic has the best restaurant,” he wrote, 'but I     sex.” 
The Mounties initially tolerated the rowdiness. There were exceptions, according to the legendary Canadian writer Pierre Berton. People faced forced labour or banishment from town if they cheated at cards; made a public ruckus; or partied on the Lord's Day. 
'Saloons and dance halls, theatres and business houses were shut tight one minute before midnight on Saturday,” Berton wrote in 'Klondike Fever.” 
'Two minutes before twelve the lookout at the faro table would take his watch from his pocket and call out: 'The last turn, boys!”' 
'I wouldn't call him a pimp' 
Trump acted as cook, bouncer, waiter. 
But Blair cautions: 'I wouldn't call him a pimp.” 
She said backroom ribaldry was part of the restaurant package in those towns, and it's not clear how the arrangement worked: 'As somebody trying to attract business to his restaurant, of course he would have liquor. Of course he would arrange easy access to women. A pimp is, I think, a different business model.” 
By early 1901, trouble was brewing. 
The Mounties announced plans to banish prostitution, and curb gambling and liquor. Trump quarrelled with his partner. Gold strikes were getting scarcer. 
'The boom was over, Frederick Trump realized,” Blair wrote. 'He had made money; perhaps even more unusual in the Yukon, he had also kept it and departed with a substantial nest-egg.” 
He returned to Germany with US$582,000 in today's currency, and found a wife. But he was greeted as a draft-dodger for being away and becoming a U.S. citizen during his military years. 
So he was deported from his own country. He boarded a ship for New York, his wife pregnant with Donald's dad. 
The elder Trump died of pneumonia in 1918, leaving behind some real estate. His son built the empire, his grandson the global brand. 
Ironically, their heir is now running for president on a platform of mass-deportation. But Donald and grandpa share some traits — an entrepreneurial spirit, and formative youthful adventures in Canada. 
Donald met his first wife, Ivana, at the Montreal Olympics. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

  Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Trump and all the other far right leaders are Zionist stooges By Ian Greenhalgh on October 27, 2016 Naming Trump, Nigel Farage in Britain and Marine Le Pen in France, the UN accused them of employing "fear" tactics similar to those of the Islamic State group. [Editor's note: U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein has really hit the nail on the head here. Not only has he correctly pointed out that Trump, Nigel Farage, Marine LePen, Geert Wilders and the rest of the far-right leaders employ the tactics of fear and bigotry but he also correctly identifies their agenda as being the promotion of hatred with the eventual result that 'colossal violence' will ensue. However, he does not go far enough in exposing these scumbags, most likely because he knows he would be placing himself in the crosshairs of the Zionists who stand behind these puppets. What went unsaid is that all of these people are stooges for the Zionists and Israel, they are tasked with creating horrible divisions in our societies, turning white against brown and black, Christian against Muslim, indigenous against migrant. This is the Zionist agenda to weaken and enslave via the strategy of divide and conquer, as laid out in the Protocols of Zion. They want to destroy our nations by promoting inter-racial hatred and violence; they want to see the nation states of the west burn down in a wave of racially motivated violence; that is why Trump spouts such hateful and disgusting rhetoric against Mexicans, blacks and Muslims, it is to promote a race war that would devastate America. Ian]
ARTICLE

  Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Victoria Gotti: 'King Con' Donald Trump Should Take His Pig Self Back to 'Dump Tower' By Ian Greenhalgh on October 27, 2016 She explains in inimitable fashion why she gives 'that lady Hillary my respect' while 'King Con' gets none. 
[Editor's note: Mrs Gotti obviously knows a thing or two about gangsters and the mafia, well, more than a thing or two, considering who her husband was. 
Her assessment of Trump as a 'a full of himself spoiled rich brat' and a 'crude obnoxious megalomaniacal mutt' is right on the money, she also correctly identifies his campaign as a massive con job. 
Also, her assessment that the Russians must be laughing their arses off at US politics is most likely accurate too, she could have added just about every other country is too; that is the result of allowing someone so utterly unqualified, such a total fraud and thoroughly disgusting in so many ways to even run. 
Trump has done huge damage to America's image in the world, which was already less than positive; he has made a mockery of US politics and his pandering to the worst, dumbest and most unpleasant sectors of US society has revealed to the world that there are still a lot of incredibly stupid and highly racist assholes in America; that far from being 'exceptional' a large part of the US population would better be described as 'excreable'. 
As Gordon pointed out, the normal, sensible American majority has taken note of who the Trump supporters are and won't forget that they wanted a serial sex abuser, con artist and criminal to 'Make America Great Again'. Great for everyone except blacks, asians, muslims, Mexicans, women, in fact, anyone who isn't part of the organised crime elite that Trump is part of. 
I understand the burning desire for change, I share that emotion, but I remain utterly shocked and aghast at the level of pure dumbfuckery that has been displayed by those who have been fooled into thinking Trump is the one who can deliver it. Ian] Victoria Gotti: 'King Con' Donald Trump Should Take His Pig Self Back to 'Dump Tower' 
Donald Trump has had dealings with members or associates of at least three Mafia families, but you can be sure that he never never groped their wives, girlfriends, or daughters. 
The widow of Gambino family boss John Gotti makes clear that she would not have allowed her own husband even to speak as Trump did on the now infamous Access Hollywood outtake. 
'I was married to #1 gangster and would have cut his throat if he ever said such a foul thing to me,” Victoria Gotti said in an email to a longtime pen pal at The Daily Beast whom she has nicknamed 'Dimples.” 
She noted in the email that she and her family had been the subject of various false accusations, adding, 'Dimples, It's hard to tell anymore as to what is 'truth or fiction.'” But she had reached a decision regarding Trump. 
'No, definitely not for Trump, a full of himself spoiled rich brat.” 
She said she will be voting for Hillary Clinton, though 'I am so disappointed by the choice.” She added, 'my man is Joe Biden, 'Class act.'” 
She said of Trump, 'what an embarrassment to the country. My mothers side is from Russia, they must be laughing their 'arses' off,.at our politics.” 
Victoria made her view of The Donald even clearer in a post on Facebook, writing: 
'Hoping you women out there who have any 'class or dignity' remember what this 'crude obnoxious megalomaniacal mutt' really thinks about women, someone needs to pull him by that useless twinkie he thinks is worth gold, Rosie is a disgusting pig you pos.” 
Victoria was back on Facebook about Trump following the third presidential debate, on Oct. 19 in Las Vegas. The assertion by the man she dubbed 'dUMP” that the election was rigged roused her to ALL CAPS: 
'IF ACCORDING TO dUMP, THE ELECTION IS RIGGED , WHY DID HE WASTE TIME AND MEGA BUCKS GOING IN? FOR WHAT? SHOULD HE LOSE TO WHINE, AND SAY I DIDNT WIN BECAUSE ITS RIGGED? GIVE ME A GODAMN BREAK WITH THIS SPOILED BRAT. HES A SICKENING ABUSIVE PERSONALITY.” 
She went on, 'HE NEEDS TO GET ON HIS HORSE & GIDDYAP BACK TO HIS GILDED BIRD CAGE IN DUMP TOWER.HE HAS NO INTEREST AT HEART BUT HIS OWN , KING CON IS HIS GAME.” 
In one of her most recent posts, Victoria stood up for Hillary Clinton. 
'I'm totally sick of the vicious Hillary haters, did Bill cheat,? more than likely, so the fuck what? 'he' ran the country, his 'pecker' didn't…” 
Victoria noted, 'from what I read the dump is a serial cheater as well, can he run the country? highly 'doubtful' I believe this bull will be getting divorced before any term is up, hope we get there without a war during his reign, should he win.” 
She returned her attention to Hillary. 
'I give that lady Hilary my respect that she stayed with Bill and kept her family together, I don't think I would have that kind of fortitude ,there were some stories of the same ilk in regard to John G .he use to tell me he needed a 'steel dick' to service all the women government and media put him with, at the end of the day it was 'me' he came home to.” 
She then summed it all up as seen by someone who has seen it all. 
'so you just can't believe all the vitriol, you either love him enough to keep your family together or you don't, and Hilary did, and does, more than i can say for dump. End of story!” Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on October 27, 2016, With 165 Reads Filed under Politics . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . Both comments and pings are currently closed.
ARTICLE

  Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Rock star Roger Waters said to lose $4m over anti-Israel activism By Ian Greenhalgh on October 28, 2016 [Editor's note: This sorry tale of the persecution of a famous musician due to his moral stance against the fascist, racist, genocidal apartheid state of Israel starkly illustrates why so many others choose not to speak out – they know that they will be attacked and it will probably end up hurting them financially, in Water's case, to the tune of 4 million dollars. As Waters himself said in an interview, celebrities are 'scared shitless' to criticise Israel. Ian] Rock star Roger Waters said to lose $4m over anti-Israel activism 
Roger Waters' anti-Israel activism has cost the British rock star millions of dollars and an American Express sponsorship, the New York Post reported. 
The credit giant took off the table a $4-million sponsorship of Waters' 2017 tour in North America following his partisan and anti-Israel rhetoric this month at a festival that American Express sponsored, according to the tabloid's report Thursday. 
'Roger is putting on a huge show. The company was asked to sponsor his tour for $4 million, but pulled out because it did not want to be part of his anti-Israel rhetoric,” an unnamed source from American Express is quoted as saying. 
But an official spokesperson for the firm said it never formally offered to sponsor Waters' 2017 tour. 'When we were approached with the options, we passed on making a bid,” the spokesperson said. 
At the 'Oldchella” festival, Waters used his time on stage to blast the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and to call for a boycott against Israel, according to the Post. 
'F - - k Trump and his wall,” Waters said at that event, calling Trump 'arrogant, lying, racist, sexist.” He then voiced his solidarity with students protesting for Palestinians. He also urged people to support the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement against Israel. 
Waters did not reply to requests for a reaction by the Post. 
Earlier this year, Waters said during an interview that celebrities are afraid to 'speak out against Israel's policies,” as he termed it, because of what he described as financial consequences attached to doing so. 
'I've talked to a lot of them, and they are scared s - - tless. If they say something in public, they will no longer have a career. They will be destroyed,” he said. 
Waters, the 69-year-old co-founder of the classic rock group Pink Floyd, has been widely criticized for his anti-Israel activities and accused of espousing anti-Semitic symbols, though he has denied doing so. 
In a 2013 concert in Brussels, Waters performed on a stage featuring a giant pig balloon emblazoned with a Star of David, among other symbols. 
The Simon Wiesenthal Center called Waters 'an open hater of Jews.” And the Anti-Defamation League's then leader, Abraham Foxman, in an open letter to Waters earlier this month, said his 'views on Israel are in fact colored by offensive and dangerous undercurrents of anti-Jewish sentiment.” Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on October 28, 2016, With 474 Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . Both comments and pings are currently closed.
ARTICLE

2013: 7,157 [4] 
Virtually no one in the Zionist media is asking for the perpetrators to be trialed and punished accordingly. But there is more. 
Scholar Rebecca Gordon, who has corresponded with this writer last summer, has recounted in her meticulously documented study Mainstreaming Torture: Ethical Approaches in the Post-9/11 United States : 'When I had occasion in Jordan in 2006 to meet an Iraqi sheik who had been tortured by U.S. forces, his first question to our little group was whether all American women were 'promiscuous sluts,' like the ones who had tormented him by forcing him to look at their naked breasts during his detention…The psychological trauma of sexual humiliation had damaged this man sufficiently so that polite conversation with American women, even those who were likely to be sympathetic, was beyond him.” [5] 
This is just the tip of the iceberg. Gordon discusses one case after another and describes what happened when politicians deliberately abandoned the moral order and pursued perpetual wars in the Middle East at any cost. 'Forcing groups of male detainees to masturbate themselves while being photographed and videotaped” was just a fair game. [6] 'Positioning a naked detainee on a MRE Box, with a sandbag on his head, and attaching wires to his fingers, toes, and penis to simulate electric torture” was also quite common. [7] Detainees were also sodomized with chemical lights and broom sticks. [8] 
Gordon writes on the very first page: 'For many years, the United States had secretly funded research on torture at U.S. and Canadian universities. One product of this research was the Central Intelligence Agency's KUBARK Counterintelligence Interrogation manual with its sections covering 'non-coercive' and 'coercive' techniques, first printed in 1963…. 'The United States had also provided covert training and support to torture regimes in other countries around the world—from Greece to Uruguay, Chile to El Salvador, Indonesia to Vietnam. The Phoenix Program, implemented during the Vietnam War by U.S. armed forces and the CIA, involved the torture and deaths of tens of thousands of Vietnamese, as part of the U.S. counterinsurgency project designed to break the will of the Viet Cong. In the testimony before Congress, military intelligence officer K. Milton Osborne provided some details of the methods used: ''The use of the insertion of the 6-inch dowel into the 6-inch canal of one of my detainees' ears and the tapping through the brain until he dies. The starving to death of a Vietnamese woman who was suspected of being part of the local political education cadre in one of the local villages. They simply starved her to death in one of the hooches at that very counterintelligence headquarters. ''There were other methods of operation which they used for interrogation, such as the use of electronic gear such as sealed telephone attached to the genitals of both the men and women's vagina and the man's testicles, and wind the mechanism and create an electrical charge and shock them into submission.'” [9] 
Between 1968 and 1971, the Phoenix Program was responsible for torturing and killing more than twenty thousand people, [10] many of whom had nothing to do with terrorism. These were not isolated cases. The CIA conducted these essentially diabolical operations 'on several continents.” [11] 
If history is not enough, what about the recent charge by Amnesty International that the US-led coalition in Syria has killed at least 300 civilians? [12] And what about Saudi Arabia (a US ally) 'deliberately targeting impoverished Yemen's farms and agricultural industry”? [13] Stephen Kinzer, a visiting scholar at the Watson Institute for International Studies at Brown University, has recently written: 'Anyone who believes the United States is not fighting enough wars in the Middle East can be happy this week. We have just plunged into another one. Twice in recent days, cruise missiles fired from an American destroyer have rained down on Yemen. The Pentagon, a practiced master of Orwellian language, calls this bombing 'limited self-defense.' 'Since 2002, our drone attacks have reportedly killed more than 500 Yemenis, including at least 65 civilians. We are also supplying weapons and intelligence to Saudi Arabia, which has killed thousands of Yemenis in bombing raids over the last year and a half — including last week's attack on a funeral in which more than 100 mourners were killed.” [14] 
So the logic is pretty simple: the New World Order ideology does not and cannot make sense at all. And if we have to fight ISIS, then we have to support the Assad government; if we have to support the Assad government, then the whole idea that Assad is a 'brutal ruler” loses its political force; if that idea goes down the tube, then the New World Order propaganda against Assad is categorically false. In short, we can ignore flaming Neocon Charles Krauthammer when he said last November that Assad is a 'dictator and a destroyer.” [15] This brings us to another vitally important issue: New World Order agents spent millions upon millions of tax dollars supporting ISIS or al-Nusra in Syria for absolutely nothing. Barnes-Dacey and Levy concluded their article by saying, 'Western leaders have defined ISIS as a threat to their national security. That should now translate into a more nuanced Syria policy, including working with Iran and encouraging the nascent Saudi-Iranian opening.” [16] 
I simply could not hold my laughter. For decades, New World Order agents in America and Israel have hammered the spurious idea that Iran is a terrorist state and that it wants to 'wipe Israel off the map”; [17] they also spent millions upon millions of dollars trying to destabilize the country both politically and ideologically. 
Remember how Obama 'secretly ordered increasingly sophisticated attacks on the computer systems that run Iran 's main nuclear enrichment facilities, significantly expanding America's first sustained use of cyber-weapons”? [18] 
Remember how New World Order agents in America and Israel developed Stuxnet specifically to attack Iran, a country that has zero nuclear weapons? [19] The New York Times itself acknowledged then that the cyberattack was 'aided by Israel.” [20] 
In the same vein, the Washington Post reported that Stuxnet was the 'work of U.S. and Israeli experts.” [21] And it was developed way back in 2007 . 
Remember how Bush also made false accusations against Iran and even trained the terrorist group the MEK right here in America? [22] Remember how he worked with Israel to perform a covert operation in Iran? 'Mr. Kissinger, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to speak to an attorney, and to have an attorney present during any questioning. If you cannot afford a lawyer, one will be provided for you.” 
So, all the tax dollars that were spent on destabilizing Iran for more than a decade was a waste. At the same time, decent American military hospitals continued to lack funding: 
'many of the hospitals are so small and the trickle of patients so thin that it compromises the ability of doctors and nurses to capably diagnose and treat serious illnesses, much less take on surgeries … 
'Two-thirds of the hospitals last year served 30 or fewer inpatients a day — less than a third as many as the typical civilian hospital. Nine served 10 or fewer — so few that Dr. Lucian L. Leape, a leading patient-safety expert at the Harvard School of Public Health, said, 'I think they should be outlawed.'” [23] 
Obviously New World Order agents don't care either about military hospitals and even soldiers. In fact, they don't care about anyone at all. They just care about spreading their essentially diabolical system. Soldiers are just pawns. As Henry Kissinger diabolically declared, military men are 'dumb, stupid animals to be used as pawns in foreign policy.” [24] 
Once those 'dumb, stupid animals” can no longer be of service to NWO agents, then they just dump them. They have already dumped at least 360,000 thousand veterans, who 'may have brain injuries.” [25] 
[1] Julien Barnes-Dacey and Daniel Levy, 'To Beat ISIS, Focus on Syria,” NY Times , September 1, 2014. 
[2] In 2011, the Pentagon declared that the so-called 'war on terror” could cost at least $5 trillion. 'The $5 Trillion War on Terror,” Time , June 29, 2011. 
[3] For a recent study on similar issues, see Rebecca Gordon, Mainstream Torture: Ethical Approaches in the Post-9/11 United States (New York: Oxford University Press, 2014). 
[4] Dan Murphy, 'Iraq Violence More Than Doubles in 2013: Is Country Headed Off the Cliff?,” Christian Science Monitor , December 20, 2013. 
[5] Rebecca Gordon, Mainstream Torture: Ethical Approaches in the Post-9/11 United States (New York: Oxford University Press, 2014), 53.
ARTICLE

Trump's grandfather was a pimp and tax evader; his father a member of the KKK ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Syrian War Report – October 28, 2016: Militants Make Do-Or-Die Attempt to Break Aleppo Siege By South Front on October 28, 2016 …from SouthFront 
On October 28, the joint militant forces launched a full-scale offensive in order to break the siege of militant-controlled neighborhoods of Aleppo city that had been set by the Syrian government forces. The operation was led by Jabhat Fatah al-Sham (formerly Jabhat al-Nusra, the Syrian Al-Qaeda branch). Jaish al-Mujahideen, Fastaqim Kama Umirt, Faylaq al-Sham, Ajnad al-Sham, Ahrar al-Sham and the Islamic Front joint the offensive. 
The attack begun with massive shelling of the al-Assad Neighborhood in western Aleppo with 'Grad' missiles, artillery and mortars. Then, three vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices [suicide – 2, remote controlled – 1] targeted the government positions and the militants launched the main phase of the attack in the direction of Al-Assad Military Academy. 
In total, about 3,000 fighters, up to 30 artillery units and unspecified number of heavy military equipment were involved in the operation. The pro-government forces responded with massive artillery fire and air strikes. Air raids were also reported in the area of Khan Tuman, serving the rear base of attack. 
Considering the sides' military capabilities and the terrain features, SF forecasts that the terrorists will not be able to break the siege of Aleppo in case of the effective operations by the Syrian military staff. 
The Kurdish YPG have killed over 30 members of Turkish-backed militant groups in clashes near the village of Tall Malid in northern Syria, according to pro-Kurdish sources. Since October 26, YPG units have conducte da series of attacks on the Turkish-backed militant alliance, known as the Free Syrian Army (FSA), and retook the villages of Tall Malid, Jisr ash-Samuqah and others – from it. 
In a separate development, the Turkish forces seized the villages of Diwêr El-Hewa and Eblayê that had been controlled by ISIS. 
On October 27, the Syrian army's Tiger Forces and the National Defense Forces liberated the strategic town of Suran in northern Hama. Then, the government forces launched an advance on Taibat Imam. On October 28, clashes continued in the area. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on October 28, 2016, With 617 Reads Filed under WarZone . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on October 28, 2016 Radio Host and Trump supporter claims 'Jewish mafia' controls US 
[Editor's note: The insanity has hit, Trump mouthpiece and Arch Zionist Alex Jones is on the warpath against the 'Jewish mob'; Israel's newspaper's are shocked, as you can see below – or are they? Trump, grandson of a brothel owner, son of a slum lord, grew up in Meyer Lansky's mob-run New York and by his 30s became the ingenue/money boy of Jewish mob kingpin Roy Cohn; it was Roy Cohn and the Jewish mob that built Trump's empire and ran interference for him with the Gambinos, John Gotti & company. Now, covering this up seems to be really important, but to whom and why? 
The article below was published in today's Jerusalem Post. Not a word of it is true, moreover, it is an obvious deflection piece written to save Trump's Nazi supporters backing in face of VT's slam dunk assertions of Trump's Zionist fanaticism. 
After all, Trump has pushed for war on Iran, for clearing out the West Bank and for a one state solution in Israel with Palestinians going through the chimney's. 
But why then are America's Jew haters, the human filth that would gas America's Jews the big Trump lovers? Some of it comes from the Nazi movement itself, largely begun as a fundraiser by the ADL/JDL/AIPAC/SPLC lobby. You see, no swastikas painted on synagogues, no big corporate donations. On Alex Jones by Brother Nathaniel , a long accused rabid anti-Zionist: 
THE CONTROVERSY OF ALEX 'BULLHORN' JONES being an alleged Zionist shill has now expanded to his apparent Zionist-Jewish connections on his 1) Personal Staff 2) Website Advertisers 3) Link To Time Warner President, Edgar Bronfman Jr. 
Jones' seeming allegiance to Zionism, which explains why he virtually never targets Zionist Jews or the racist, Zionist rogue state of Israel when engaging in his notorious rants and attacks , may well stem from a Protestant-Zionist belief system, and the widely circulated reports that his wife is a Jew –– which makes his two children Jewish under Talmudic law and eligible for the Israeli Law Of Return . 
With additional information on Jones which this site is now providing, Alex Jones' Zionist connections prompting his reticence to expose global Zionism, becomes ever more obvious. 
Trump has played the hate card from day one, building his base on hatred of blacks/African Americans, 'Messicans” and, of course, he has played the terror card, the 'yellow hordes” card and the 'elite liberal” card as well. 
That one is aimed at the Jews. Trump, whose empire was built by Roy Cohn and who has been supported and financed by Jewish organized crime and now by Vegas boss Shelly Adelson, who can buy and sell Trump out of his 'trump change,” has always been a front for the Jewish mob. Jewish mobsters, as oft pointed out by Ian Greenhalgh, have surrounded Trump and embarrassed him, if you can imagine that, more than once. 
Years ago, during nasty litigation, radio host Jeff Rense, former partner of Alex Jones, tracked Jones and his backing to the Jewish mob and the Bronfman crime family, accused of their complicity in financing 9/11. 
Now we see the Zionist press pulling out the 'anti-Semite card” on Alex Jones, one of Israel's strongest supporters in the US. Is this a joke? Of course, this kind of childishness would only work with the brain dead Jew hating Nazi's that have flocked to Trump. With Trump's effusive love of everything Israel and everything Zionist, one might ask why the Nazi's flock to him, but Nazi's have never been thinkers and are great followers, even when they are sent over a cliff like lemmings. 
Comment boards at VT have been inundated with paid trolls, some who track back to Israel, others employed by Trump surrogate operations tied to his campaign. Toads and trolls get up to $50 for a comment placed even on wrong articles. Thus, we have closed comments to cut off this income source and clean out the trash were we can even though this is the best money Trump pays out except for hookers. 
When are American Jews going to rise off their knees and hit back at, well, at Israel, the ADL and the rising tide of Naziism in the US paid for by their donations? 
If the read below doesn't have you laughing, we are sorry. Humor is where we find it and this is humor at its best. G]
ARTICLE

By Jim W. Dean, Managing Editor on October 28, 2016 Russian money by Seth Ferris , …with New Eastern Outlook , Moscow Battle of Trafalgar [ Editor's note : What on earth are the English doing, and why should anybody care? Well, we must and do care, because on English soil stands one leg of the NWO Triad. I recall reading that it was at the Battle of Trafalgar when twenty-seven British ships led by Admiral Nelson, defeated thirty-three French and Spanish ships, capturing 22 Franco-Spanish vessels without losing a single British ship. This decisive naval battle of the war stopped French plans for invading England and graphically illustrated English resolve. One of VT's standard bearers of analytical thinking, Seth Ferris presents a lucid explanation of what went on this month when His Holiness Kirill, Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia, visited Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace. Parts of Europe, particularly Rome, must have been keenly interested. As Seth Ferris notes, Patriarch Kirill is far from being an apologist for Russian politics, but it is his church's potential to destabilize the state, given 'the potential willingness of members of the officially Anglican Royal Family to embrace” the Orthodox Church, that comes under scrutiny. And to further translate this into an American dialect, Queen Elizabeth II is currently the 'Supreme Governor of the Church of England and her role is largely ceremonial.” Yet, the Queen occupies a special pulpit in the fabric of English life, and the preferences of the Queen's family subtly influence English hearts and minds. It is the similarities between the Church of England and the Orthodox Church that has the NWO and Rome on high alert, rather than the differences, because if the NWO is to seat a One-World One-Religion Ruler, such as the Bishop of Rome, then it will need to firmly discourage any alternatives. And, under the Orthodox Church, the Bishop of Rome's authority is no greater or less than any of his fellow Bishops in the church, so he does not have primacy in the Orthodox Church. And, before the pope could have jurisdiction within Orthodoxy, the papacy would need to be reformed in accordance with Orthodoxy. One of the stumbling blocks is that, in the Orthodox Church, papal infallibility is rejected because it is believed that the Holy Spirit acts to guide the church into truth — for instance, via ecumenical councils. Without further ado, VT presents another fine article by Seth Ferris. You will find his exceptional analysis only on VT and New Eastern Outlook … Jim W. Dean and Erica P. Wissinger ] – First published … October 26, 2016 – 
As the world now knows, British bank NatWest, part of the Royal Bank of Scotland group, has told Russian media outlet RT that it should take its business elsewhere. 
Initially it was reported that the bank had 'frozen” RT's accounts, meaning it had impounded the money, but it now says that the accounts have merely been closed, meaning that RT can withdraw its money – provided it then takes it to another bank. 
NatWest, and the rest of the Royal Bank of Scotland group, are effectively owned by the British government, which acquired the majority share in 2008 to prevent it collapsing. As RT is also state-owned, it has been inferred that this is another form of sanction. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson denies this, but he also denies several of his children, several parts of his ancestry and practically everything else he has ever written or been recorded saying. 
It has also been suggested that this move, which came without warning, was connected with potential fines against the bank for holding money considered 'dirty” by association with Russia – though the government fining itself to pay itself seems unlikely. It may therefore be simply a publicity stunt – the UK has to be seen to be acting against Russia as part of the sanctions regime, and may be perfectly happy for RT to take its business to a private UK bank, or even another publicly-owned one, having done its bit of public posturing. However the real reason for this move is not sanctions against the Russian state. It is because a seemingly unimportant event has the potential to shake the foundations of the United Kingdom – and those in the corridors of power have just woken up to it. 
The closing of RT's accounts, if it finally happens, may simply be a symbolic gesture, but it may be the precursor to a more serious crisis, which no one thought they would ever see again. The subtext beneath the subtext The Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia, Kirill, holds a service in London's Cathedral of the Dormition of the Mother of God and All Saints in a visit to London, marking the 300th anniversary of the Russian Orthodox Church's presence there. ( © Sergey Pyatakov) 
From October 15-18 Kyril, Patriarch of Moscow , visited the United Kingdom. There is a growing Orthodox diaspora in the UK, as there is in all Western countries, and also a small but well-established British-born Orthodox community and a number of majority British, English-language parishes. 
However, Orthodoxy is still a very small religion there – though figures are hard to come by, no more than 7% of the population would currently identify themselves as Orthodox, despite the large Greek Cypriot community which owns the plurality of the UK's Orthodox churches. 
The Church of England adheres to a doctrine called Branch Theory – the idea that various different Christian 'denominations”, as they call them, are branches of the same basic church. Consequently religious leaders in general are treated with respect, even if people greatly disagree with their faith. 
When Pope John Paul II visited the UK in 1982 he was treated as a pop star, despite a few insignificant protests by Protestant or far-right groups. No particular fuss is made when leaders of other faiths enter the country from abroad, despite the hysteria surrounding so-called 'Muslim hate preachers” who are no more radical than the Bible-bashers who have the greatest objection to them. 
But how was Patriarch Kyril treated? With respect by those who met him – but not by the media or the political class. 
When Archbishop Makarios, who had been a politician in public office contrary to the Canons of the Church, visited the UK in the 1970s, he was shown entering churches and attracting crowds who cheered him so hard they damaged the buildings. Patriarch Kyril was presented as an apologist for Vladimir Putin and Russia's alleged actions in Syria, who had been sent on a propaganda mission. Queen Elizabeth II has held an historic meeting with Kirill, the Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia, during his official visit to the UK to mark the 300th anniversary of the Russian Orthodox Church's presence there. The meeting was held behind closed doors in Buckingham Palace, and lasted for about a half-hour, according to the Patriarch's secretary 
The Patriarch was not in the UK to talk politics , and there is no suggestion that he actually did so. The focus of his visit was to finally consecrate the Russian cathedral at Ennismore Gardens, London, a former Anglican church which the Russian church has been using since the 1950s. 
But the thing which most upset certain commentators was the fact that he was due to have an audience with the Queen, as visiting dignitaries usually do. 
The implication of the widespread concern about the Queen agreeing to this private meeting was that she was sympathetic to Russia's position on Syria. The UK has a constitutional monarchy, and consequently the Queen does not dictate government policy. 
If the Queen has a personal position on anything she will only make it public if she feels her government is making a serious error and will not listen to reason – which has happened only once during her 64-year reign, when she famously let it be known that she felt Margaret Thatcher's policies were damaging the social fabric of the country. 
So why should the press and politicians be so outraged about the possibility of Patriarch Kyril giving the Queen opinions she can read on the internet, or in some of the hundreds of letters she receives daily from disgruntled citizens? 
It is because they are trying to disguise the real reason for their fear. It has nothing to do with politics and everything to do with the Orthodox Church, which happens to be the majority religion in Russia. No one minds ordinary citizens taking an interest in Orthodoxy. But the Royal Family? That's a different question entirely. The invisible heart of the state The politically entrenched Church of England ~ Salisbury Cathedral 
The Queen is not only a monarch but the head of the Church of England. Though it seems anomalous to others that a church is run by a secular ruler, who could not even be ordained a bishop in that church if she wanted to, this is the way it has been since Henry VIII broke with Rome in 1534 so he could get a divorce. 
The state that became the UK was built on the Anglican faith and the political assumptions that went with that, despite the non-Anglican majorities in Scotland, Wales and Ireland. For three hundred and fifty years the 'Catholic Powers” were seen as national enemies in the same way the 'Iron Curtain” countries were in the second half of the twentieth century. Consequently each member of the Royal Family is also obliged to uphold the primacy of the Church of England, whether they are religious or not. From time to time, this has created problems. The Abdication Crisis of 1936 was caused by the King of England wanting to marry a twice-divorced woman, which the church considered a no-no at the time. 
Similarly, Tony Blair only announced his conversion to Roman Catholicism after he had resigned as Prime Minister, because the PM is included in the line of succession to the throne, and could be an atheist but not a Papist in that role. 
The question of whether the Church of England accepts divorce and remarriage – which is not at all clear cut – has reared its head several times in recent years due to the marital problems of the Royal Family. Prince Charles and Princess Anne have divorced and remarried, each time conducting their second marriages outside the Church of England. If Charles does eventually succeed to the throne, the question of whether he can be head of the Church of England whilst divorced and remarried outside it will come back to the forefront. Above the altar – Orthodox church 
In 1977, a story went round the press that Charles was about to marry Princess Marie Astrid of Luxembourg. According to sources close to the action a marriage had actually been arranged behind the scenes, but did not proceed because the princess refused to give up her Roman Catholic faith, as she would be obliged to do to marry the future king under the Act of Succession of 1701. 
However Buckingham Palace responded to the reports by saying that Charles didn't even know the princess, a ridiculous assertion, as all Europe's royals are related and attend functions where they meet each other. This demonstrates how deep the fear of rocking the constitutional boat by not supporting the C of E runs. Putin and Patriarch Kirill exhibition 
The Queen's husband, Prince Philip , was born and baptised Orthodox, as a Prince of Greece. He renounced his Faith to marry Princess Elizabeth, as she then was, and regularly attends Anglican services with the rest of the family. 
However it is an open secret that he has returned to Orthodoxy privately. He is known to make very generous donations to Orthodox churches and causes and is a patron of the Institute for Orthodox Christian Studies in Cambridge. 
Prince Charles also has a longstanding interest in Orthodoxy: amongst other expressions of it, he has refused to join the Freemasons, despite this being expected of members of the British upper class. 
When the Queen met the Pope on his 1982 visit, it caused some comment, but nothing like the controversy provoked by her meeting Patriarch Kyril. 
If the UK ever started to support Putin's position on anything, it would not be the end of civilization as we know it. 
If the heir to the throne converted to his father's ancestral faith, and the link between the state and the Church of England was forcibly broken, it would call the whole political basis of the UK into question. That is a can of worms no one dares open – for which RT is now being made the scapegoat, because no one is prepared to publicly discuss just how big a question this seemingly abstruse point really is. Foreign is the new cancer Are Russian and Syrian air power crushing the NATO-supported rebel attacks? 
British banks are entitled to freeze accounts under certain circumstances. If an account contains the proceeds of crime, these can now be impounded by the courts. Similarly it is a criminal offence in the UK, under the Terrorism Act 2000, to provide financial or any other support to terrorists, regardless of what the UK government itself does. 
Banks are terrified of this law, and interpret it with a strictness which is itself illegal. There have been many instances of ethnic minority community organisations being unable to open bank accounts unless they sack their officers and appoint British people, on the grounds that simply by being run by foreigners they might be laundering money for terrorists. 
If there is any hint of impropriety about an organisation run by a foreign state, they will naturally review that information to protect themselves. But it is usually the courts who impound the proceeds of crime. The arbitrary closure of RT's accounts, without explanation, therefore implies that it is being accused of sponsoring terrorism. 
Theresa May's response that 'it is for them [the bank] to decide who they offer services to based on their own risk appetite” suggests that this is exactly what the government wants to accuse it of. Who said anything about risk being the reason, and how does the government know about the decisions the bank makes on individual accounts and the reasons for them? So the assumption that this is about Syria suits the narrative we have heard to date. But if so, why now? Has the bank only just become nervous of being fined by its own owners? Is it only now aware of the sanctions regime, or the British government's position on this conflict? 
The Church of England, the pillar on which the British state was built, has long had ostensibly good relations with the Orthodox communities in the UK. Many Orthodox parishes worship in former or still-functioning Anglican churches, and successive Archbishops of Canterbury have expressed their respect for Orthodoxy. Until, that is, the Church stops being a weird foreign sect. Then it becomes a threat which has to be dealt with, and always is. Methodios Fouyias 
In 1988, the head of the Greek Orthodox Church in the UK, Archbishop Methodios, was deposed for 'coveting other thrones”, whatever that may mean. It was widely believed that the real reason was because the Church of England objected to him receiving a number of its priests and many ordinary parishioners. 
He was replaced by Archbishop Gregorios, who began by stating publicly many times that he did not encourage people to convert to the Church he served. 
A student in Greece wrote a thesis about the deposition of Archbishop Methodios, which the university not only refused to publish but used as an excuse to kick him out of university. The website of the Greek Archdiocese in the UK makes no mention of why Methodios ceased to be bishop, or what he did subsequently, despite the fact he lived another eighteen years as a titular bishop. 
Now the head of another Orthodox national jurisdiction has visited the UK and been vilified in a way unprecendented for a religious leader since Catholics were allowed back into the country. Rather than being met with protests from angry Britishers, he was received with the traditional courtesy of religious leaders. 
His potential to destabilise the state does not derive from his connections but from the potential willingness of members of the officially Anglican Royal Family to embrace his Faith. So that Faith must be presented as politically dangerous, its hierarchs as political stooges, to scare people, and their Royal Family, away from it. 
RT has been inundated with messages of support from UK citizens. Most of these assume that the bank's decision is politically motivated. 
Indeed it is – but it is the identity of the UK and its institutions, rather than whether you think Assad is a terrorist, which is the political issue driving it. Seth Ferris , investigative journalist and political scientist, expert on Middle Eastern affairs, exclusively for the online magazine ' New Eastern Outlook ”. We have added this link to the consecration of the Cathedral in London as a special treat on Seth's article. Some might see it as a beautiful ceremony.
ARTICLE

Trump and all the other far right leaders are Zionist stooges ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board General Soleimani in Mosul Operations Room, Cutting off ISIS Retreat to Syria By GPD on October 28, 2016 TEHRAN (FNA)- Commander of the Quds Force of the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) Major General Qassem Soleimani has arrived in Hashd al-Sha'abi (popular forces) operations room in Mosul to play his advisory role in anti-ISIL campaign in Iraq, Arab media reported on Wednesday. 'Hashd al-Sha'abi will soon start its operations in Western Mosul to cut the ISIL's supply routes to Syria and defuse the US plots to postpone the popular forces' participation in the Mosul operations, and General Soleimani has also joined them as a military advisor,” the Arabic-language al-Akhbar said quoting renowned Iraqi figures. No other source has yet confirmed the report. Washington is pressuring Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi not to allow Hashd al-Sha'abi forces to participate in the Mosul liberation operations. Spokesman of the Iraqi popular forces Ahmad al-Assadi had confirmed in August that General Soleimani would play a major role in operations to liberate Mosul, stressing that his country is in dire need of Iranian military advisors. 'The presence of Brigadier-General Soleimani in the operations to free Mosul and Nineveh province is necessary and General Soleiman is the greatest advisor that has helped the Iraqi government in the war against the ISIL,” al-Assadi told FNA. 'Hajj Qassem Soleimani is one of the most important military advisors of the Islamic Republic of Iran who is in Iraq at the invitation, demand and agreement of the Iraqi government,” he added. Stressing that the Iranian advisors are in Iraq at the demand of the Iraqi government and have played a big role in most operations conducted by the popular forces, al-Assadi said, 'They provided the Iraqis with strong views and important consultations with respect to their experience and capabilities.” In relevant remarks in June, Iraqi Foreign Minister Ebrahim al-Jafari underlined that General Soleimani is in Iraq to help the country in campaign against terrorism after receiving Baghdad's rigid request. 'General Soleimani is in Iraq at the invitation of the Iraqi government to provide military counseling to the Iraqi forces,” the Arabic-language Sumeria news channel quoted al-Jafari as saying. Also in June, Hashd al-Sha'abi Commander Abu Mehdi al-Mohandes underlined that General Soleimani is helping the Iraqi forces in their campaign against terrorism upon a request by the Iraqi government. 'The Iranian advisors, headed by dear brother Qassem Soleimani, have been beside us since the start of war and his presence has happened upon the demand of the Iraqi government and agreement of the Armed Forces' top commander,” Mohandes said in an interview with Sumeria news channel. He, meantime, said that the Iraqi nation is able to kick the terrorists out of Iraq with the possibilities in their hands now, adding that Hashd al-Sha'abi doesn't have any political plan and merely supports the political process. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

  GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board He who has no name speaks: Italian earthquakes were retribution for anti-Jewish UNESCO vote By GPD on October 28, 2016 Likud deputy minister: Italy earthquakes retribution for UNESCO vote Deputy Minister Ayoob Kara attributes two earthquakes in Italy, during which he was on a state visit to the Vatican, to Italy's decision to vote for a UNESCO resolution disregarding Jewish connection to Jerusalem Deputy Minister Ayoob Kara By Itamar Eichner for YNet News, Israel Deputy Minister Ayoob Kara (Likud) caused controversy when he blamed two massive earthquakes which hit Italy on Wednesday for the country's vote in favor of a UNESCO resolution disregarding a Jewish connection to the Temple Mount. The deputy minister, who was in Italy when the earthquakes hit, ascribed the natural disasters to divine will.The resolution itself sparked an outcry in Israel and among the international Jewish community since it disregarded the Jewish connection to its holy sites in Jerusalem.
Kara headed an Israeli delegation to the Vatican which was sent in an effort to shore up opposition for the resolution. Kara even managed to have a short conversation with the Pope during his visit. 
'Going through the earthquake wasn't the most comfortable of experiences, but we trusted that the Holy See would keep us safe,” Kara wrote in his memo. 
'I'm sure that the earthquake happened because of the UNESCO decision, which the Pope strongly disagreed with. He even said publicly that the holy land is connected to the Nation of Israel.” 
After recovering from the earthquake, Kara met with the Cardinal Secretary of State Pietro Parolin, and tried to convince the cardinal to change the Vatican's position on the UNESCO decision. 
Two earthquakes, which struck Italy this week, were 'retribution” for the country's support of the UNESCO resolution disregarding the Jewish connection to Jerusalem, Israeli Deputy Minister for Regional Cooperation Ayoob Kara said. 
'I'm sure that the earthquake happened because of the UNESCO decision,” Kara, a member of the ruling Likud Party, wrote in a memo, Ynetnews website reported. 
Ironically, the Israeli politician was on a state visit to the Vatican when the quakes hit central Italy on Wednesday, killing one and injuring 10 people. 
Earlier the same day, UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization), passed a resolution criticizing Israel for its handling of the holy site in Jerusalem – called Temple Mount by Jews, and Haram al-Sharif by Muslims. 
The document was adopted after heated debate over its wording, and particularly the Arabic names used in the document. Italy was among the nations voting in favor of the resolution. 
Israel blasted UNESCO and its Arab members for trying to undermine Jewish connections to the holy site. 
Kara arrived in the Vatican in a fruitless effort to avert the resolution, but still managed to have a small chat with the leader of the Catholic Church. 
According to Kara, Pope Francis 'strongly disagreed” with the resolution. 
'He (the Pope) even said publicly that the holy land is connected to the Nation of Israel,” the deputy minister stressed. 
As for surviving the natural disaster, the Israeli politician said that 'going through the earthquake was not the most comfortable of experiences, but we trusted that the Holy See would keep us safe.” Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by GPD on October 28, 2016, With 289 Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 5 Responses to " He who has no name speaks: Italian earthquakes were retribution for anti-Jewish UNESCO vote " Trakkath October 28, 2016 at 11:12 pm 
DUNE! Major Earth Quakes in Italy!
ARTICLE

NEO – RT's Bank Accounts Closed – It's Nothing to Do With Syria ‹ › Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Israel makes 'Hail Mary' move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? By Ian Greenhalgh on October 28, 2016 According to New York Times, federal officials discovered new emails in a separate review of the former NY Jewish congressman Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner in happier times [Editor's note: As Gordon wrote yesterday, in his coverage of the Alex Jones attempt to boost Trump's shattered credibility, Israel and the Zionist cabal are getting desperate, time is running out for them to influence the election in favour of their candidate. We have been expecting some kind of 'October Surprise' to happen, some kind of attempt to fatally undermine the Clinton campaign just as they did in 1979 to Jimmy Carter, a move that allowed them to get their candidate, Ronald Reagan, into office and we all know what that lead to – incredible damage to the US in so many ways. Reagan destroyed the credibility of the US on the world stage, he hugely increased military budgets, rigged the system in favour of the banks and big corporations, destroyed the economy, waged war on behalf of the cabal, overall he was a disaster for the US and it's people. However, Reagan was just an actor playing a role, a puppet for the Zionist crime cabal, put in power by their intrigues and it was Roy Cohn who was behind it all, he was the enabler, the man who made it all happen. Today, the same thing is happening again, Cohn is long gone, but the Judeo-Zionist mafia – the 'Kosher Nostra' is still alive and well and they are attempting to repeat the same tricks that got their man Reagan into the White House. Do not forget for one second that Donald Trump was created by Roy Cohn and like Reagan, Trump is just an actor playing a role; he is not a billionaire successful businessman, he just plays one on TV. He is not at all a massively wealthy man, his main source of income is NBC and his reality TV show; he does of course, have assets, but how many of those does he really own? In most cases he is just the front man, the real owners of his assets being silent partners who are invariably, members of the Kosher Nostra. We have watched in disgust as Israel, via their Mossad disinfo operation Wikileaks have released more and more emails taken from Hilary's email server. Invariably these emails have been modified, 'sexed up' in order to make Hilary look bad, all in an attempt to influence the US election in favour of Trump. As we have written several times already, there are no white hat hackers passing this info to Wikileaks, rather, the NSA has been monitoring all communications, passing the raw data to Tel-Aviv where the Mossad have filtered and vetted it in order to find anything they can use against Hilary, always with something added to make them seem more damning. This makes the NSA guilty of treason, they are aiding and abetting a hostile foreign power in it's attempts to exert a nefarious influence over US politics. Today, with this new set of emails, the FBI has joined them in committing treason; make no mistake, the timing and nature of this latest 'revelation' is a most cynical attempt to swing things in favour of Trump and in announcing this investigation with just 10 days to go until polling day, the FBI have acted on behalf of Israel. The reason Hilary was using a private server in the first place was to attempt to keep her important communications away from the prying eyes of the Israelis, an act which shows that her loyalty is to the US and it's people rather than to Israel, this sets her apart from the majority in Washington and brings her into the crosshairs of the Zionist cabal. It remains to be seen what the result of this new FBI email investigation will be, but I cannot escape the uncomfortable feeling that the Zionists have played a Hail Mary and may just score a touchdown that lands Trump in office and condemns the US and it's people to even worse Zionist oppression than ever before. A truly frightening scenario. Ian]
ARTICLE

Syrian War Report – October 28, 2016: Militants Make Do-Or-Die Attempt to Break Aleppo Siege ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. What Does Washington 'Plan B' in Syria Really Mean? By South Front on October 29, 2016 …from SouthFront 
In October a series of reports appeared in The Washington Post and other US media about expected supplies of various modern weapon systems to the so-called 'moderate opposition' in Syria. The reports argued that Washington was considering the new plan for Syria that included massive supplies of weapons that had to allow the oppositioneers to defend themselves from the Russian and Syrian air power and artillery. This fact was described as an indication of Washnigton's skepticism about the prospects of so-called 'peaceful solution' in the country. Nonetheless, it was neither approved nor denied, according to the media. 
The secret CIA program of training and arming 'moderate terrorists' has been the core of American strategy, aiming to overthrow Assad and set a puppet government in Syria, since the start of the war. Nonetheless, the Obama administration is likely set to postponed the resumption and expansion of this program and to pass the need to make a decision to next president. The US leadership is not ready to make the decision now because the recent military developments have shown that despite all money spending, supplies and CIA efforts, Washington still cannot rely on the moderate terrorists as a clearly pro-US force on the ground. Every US attempt to separate secular militant groups from jihadi factions, at least for PR needs, have failed. And the recently created New Syrian Army (NSyA) has shown an impotence in clashes with ISIS. The US propaganda campaign to discredit Russian-Syrian-Iranian operations to liberate Aleppo faced a significant problem – massive civilian casualties during the Mosul offensive, supported by the US-led coalition. 
In this case, open and massive supplies of arms and munitions to the terrorist groups in Syria could lead to significant loses for Washington in political and PR terms and will hardly lead to strengthening of the US influence on the Syrian conflict. If the US administration avoids to do this, Moscow, Damascus and Tehran will fully take the initiative in the war that would also lead to negative effects to the US influence in the Middle East. 
So, most likely, Washington will make a compromise decision to allow its regional allies – Saudi Arabia or Qatar – to supply limited numbers of man-portable air-defense systems to the so-called 'opposition', even if this opposition is al-Nusra Front. At the same time, the US-controlled media and diplomats will continue to put pressure on Syria, Russia and Iran over alleged civilian casualties in Aleppo city and ignore the humanitarian situation in Iraq. It will not allow the terrorists to re-take the initiative in the war but will buy time until the new US president comes into the office and start to impellent own strategy in the region. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on October 29, 2016, With 248 Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

By Jonas E. Alexis on October 29, 2016 We witnessed the collapse of Iraq and Libya. Syria was supposed to be next, but the process was clearly stopped by Russia. Vladimir Golstein …by Jonas E. Alexis and Vladimir Golstein 
Vladimir Golstein holds his M.S. in computer science from the Moscow Institute of Management, his B.A. in Philosophy from Columbia University, and his Ph.D. in Slavic Languages and Literatures from Yale University. His scholarly interests embrace Russian culture, religion, philosophy, and poetry of the past two centuries, as well as the current foreign policy issues. He is currently Professor of Slavic Studies at Brown University. 
Golstein is putting together two scholarly monographs: one on the conflict of generations in Russia and another on the use of musical communication in a literary text. His recent study is Lermontov's Narratives of Heroism (Evanston, IL: Northwestern University Press, 2012). He is well-known in the scholarly world. [1] His articles have been featured on Forbes , The Nation , the Kyiv Post , Al Jazeera , and other news outlets. [2] 
JEA : In your recent article, you write that the mass media and its ' newspaper titles sound like a commercial for the upcoming Invasion of the Body Snatchers sequel. The Washington Post announces: 'Russia Is Now a Threat. The US Should Treat It Like One.' Time magazine raises the stakes: 'Russia Wants to Undermine Faith in the U.S. Election.” 
Why all this propaganda? Is it because Putin is obliterating ISIS in Syria? If the United States made a deal with the famous mass murderer in the twentieth century (Joseph Stalin), how is it that United States cannot come up with a reasonable solution with Russia? Unpack those issues for us. 
VG : Unfortunately, the old and necessarily skills of diplomacy, along with the concrete knowledge of Russia and its capabilities, have been thrown out of the window during the last twenty years or so. The US, happy with its dominant position, has decided to deal with other countries in the form of dictates, orders, and directives. It was presumed that other countries, like Russia, were simply not in the position to resist or negotiate, so why bother. 
Consequently, we have a bunch of rather ignorant ideologues in the State Department, and equally ignorant scriveners in the mass media, who simply act upon the latest policy paper received from the top floor and then spin it to the public. 
When this policies encounter a setback, like in the situations with Georgia in 2008, or Ukraine in 2014, and now Syria, the only thing this crowd does is to throw a fit, in the manner of the US ambassador to the UN, Samantha Power . 
What drives these histrionics is the real failure to access the situation properly and negotiate with Russia. There is a strong conviction among the policy makers in Washington that Russia lost the Cold War, and therefore should know its place. 
Russia's refusal to play along clearly throws a monkey wrench into the schemes cooked up by the State Department and its think-tanks. Yet, they cannot come up with any new viable policy, resorting to the same strategies and the same accusations that has already failed them. 
So the frustration associated with failure appears to be the main reason for the recent wave of Russophobia. However, one should add that once this wave has been raised, a lot of people want to ride it. 
Hillary wants to ride it into the White House, blaming her opponent on being on cozy terms with Russia; Pentagon and NATO want to ride it, in order to justify its expansion; newspapers want to ride it, because having enemy and decrying its faults is good for business; economists and politicians want to ride it, because it serves as a distraction from the failing economy. 
JEA: You cite flaming Neocon Max Boot saying that 'Our democracy is under attack by Russia, but almost no one is treating the situation with the gravity it deserves.” Boot is the Neocon hoodlum who admitted that the United States has been supporting the Syrian rebels/terrorists through Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Turkey and Jordan. [3] 
Elliott Abrams, another Neocon, conceded the point that the Jihadists in Syria have committed serious terrorist crimes. [4] But that again does not bother Boot at all. Why is that? Why do these people always want to spread bloodshed all over the Middle East? Haven't enough people died already? 
It appears to me that what drives these people is the desire to weaken the Middle East, or at least, these parts of it, that don't want to play along with Washington. Whatever it takes to weaken a government of such resisting country is fine for these policy makers: it might be terrorists, or religious fanatics, as long as they create tensions within the country, it is fine for these neocons. Consequently, we witnessed the collapse of Iraq and Libya. Syria was supposed to be next, but the process was clearly stopped by Russia. 
Russia recognized what was in store for Syria, because it has already witnessed the same scenario being unfolded during the so-called Arab Spring. During the Arab Spring the legitimate grievances of an educated pro-western group of people were harnessed to the militancy of the religious zealots in order to overthrow the government and produce civil strife. 
Furthermore, Russia witnessed the neocons' modus operandi succeeding in Ukraine, when the fanatical nationalists from the Western Ukraine joined the naïve, English speaking youth, and orchestrated the putsch in Kiev, ousting the legally elected president, and installing the power willing to follow western 'recommendations.” 
Frustrated and insulted by this radical regime change on its own border, the regime change that resulted in thousands deaths and more than a million refugees from the Eastern Ukraine who refused to follow the orders from Kiev, Russia has decided that enough is enough. It just simply can't afford to let US and its coalition to dismantle all Russia's former allies and friends. 
Neocons, it should be stressed, did not invent this strategy; they seem to follow the old maxim of Zbigniew Brzezinski, that any ally is good as long as it helps in weakening and defeating Russia. Thus, the ally was found: Osama Bin Laden and his group of radicals, ready to take on the Russians in Afghanistan. 
What also is rather curious is that the US finds it difficult to deal with the civic governments, be it in Afghanistan, or Lybia, or Iraq. They prefer to enter into the contact with the religious fanatics, allowing them to pursue their religious dreams, while US companies introduce their materialist policies and controls over the natural resources. 
The division of labor so to speak: fanatics pray or chop heads, while US companies count their profits. The civilian government, on the other hand, might want to take control over resources, as they tried to do in Iran in 1953 , [5] or might try to have their independent foreign policy; both of these aspects seem to be unacceptable to the neocon policy makers. 
JEA: Israel's Defense Ministry Amos Gilad once made the claim in 2013 that there is a growing presence of al-Qaeda elements among the so-called Syrian rebels, and those jihadists are 'waiting for the opportunity to take over the state.” 
But Gilad absolved himself from any moral responsibility by saying that this element is a very small price to pay, particularly 'with the menace posed by the Iran-Syrian-Hezbollah axis before the Syrian civil war…” 
Gilad unapologetically said, 'with all due respect to that threat, [the al-Qaeda element] is not the same threat as one posed by Iran, Syria and Hezbollah together, which is much more difficult.” [6] 
Why would these people prefer to sleep and commune with terrorists in the region as opposed to making a reasonable deal with Russia? Doesn't that mean that these people are completely mad and are not acting on a rational point of view? And doesn't it suggest that that Russophobia has no moral and political ground and is therefore imploding? 
VG: I find Israel to be as obsessed with Iran as much as the US does. Frankly, I cannot understand this obsession and paranoid fear. Consequently, Israelis appear to be more afraid of Iran than of the violent and murderous fanatics that have already destroyed two countries and continue to terrorize several more. Israel's rivalry with Syria is also dictated by this fear of 'hostile” Iran taking over Syria, thus threatening Israel through the Golan Heights. 
Iran, historically, have been very friendly with the Jews, [7] so I don't see any reasons for Israel not to try to negotiate with both Iran and Russia (and Turkey) for the lasting peace in the Middle East. 
Furthermore, I am sure that there are a lot of people in Israel who understand that. But they also understand that the powerful alliance between Saudis and United States does not want that. These two countries, Saudis in particular, don't want to see Iran succeed anywhere. And Israel, since it depends on the US for its giant military aid, is not in the position to challenge Washington. 
So to keep its military aid from the US flowing, Israel is forced to play the role of the attack dog against Iran. Consequently, I believe that the tensions and violence in Middle East will continue until Saudis and the US continue to treat Iran in the same manner as the EU and the US continue to treat Russia – as some sort of a rogue state, rather than a legitimate powerful country with its own proud history, culture, political system, and international interests. 
JEA: Great assessment. With respect to Iran and the Jews, the entire Zionist media and the propaganda industry have it completely wrong. For example, Ciamak Morsadegh, a newly elected Iranian and Jewish parliamentarian in the country, debunked Benjamin Netanyahu and the Zionist Mafia by saying: 
'Benjamin Netanyahu and the anti-Semites need each other: they supply each other with what they need – intolerance and hatred. It is an unspoken alliance which suits them, but it causes great harm to the rest of us.” [8] 
Netanyahu himself has capitalized on this 'unspoken alliance,” otherwise he would not have said the following right after the 9/11 attack: 
'We are benefiting from one thing, and that is the attack on the Twin Towers and Pentagon, and the American struggle in Iraq.” [9] 
All those wars in the Middle East, added Netanyahu, 'swung American public opinion in our favor.” [10] Back in 2001, the New York Times itself reported: 'Asked tonight what the attack meant for relations between the United States and Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, the former prime minister, replied, 'It's very good.' Then he edited himself: ''Well, not very good, but it will generate immediate sympathy.'” [11] 
If that is not diabolical, then nothing is. As we have reported elsewhere, the war in Iraq alone will cost America at least six trillion dollars, [12] and that doesn't even include innocent civilians and decent people who have lost their precious lives in the process. [13] 
Like John Milton's Satan in Paradise Lost , Netanyahu and indeed the entire New World Order system have adopted an essentially diabolical ideology which basically says, 'Evil, be thou my good.” [14] What we are seeing again and again is that the Ayatollah Khomeini was right on target when he launched the 'Great Satan” to describe the covert activities of the Zionist Mafia. [15] 
[1] See Andrew Kahn, ed., The Cambridge Companion to Pushkin (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2006), 87; Robin Feuer Miller, The Brothers Karamazov: Worlds of the Novel (New Haven: Yale University Press, 2008), xvi; Ilia Dorontchenkov, ed., Russian and Soviet Views of Modern Western Art, 1890s to Mid-1930s (Berkley: University of California Press, ), xiv; Irina Paert, Spiritual Elders: Charisma and Tradition in Russian Orthodoxy (Dekalb, IL: Northern Illinois University Press, 2010), 248; Olga Tabachnikova, Anton Chekhov Through the Eyes of Russian Thinkers: Vasilii Rozanov, Dmitrii Merezhkovskii and Lev Shestov (New York and London: Anthem Press, 2012), chapter 8. 
[2] Vladimir Golstein, 'Why Everything You've Read About Ukraine Is Wrong,” Forbes , May 19, 2014; 'Western Media Coverage of the Ukraine Crisis Is as Distorted as Soviet Propaganda,” The Nation , May 22, 2014; 'Why do they hate Russia?,” Al Jazeera , March 8, 2014. 
[3] Max Boot, 'The Missing Element in Western Aid to the Syrian Rebels,” Commentary , March 27, 2013. 
[4] Elliott Abrams, 'Syria's European Jihadis,” National Review , March 28, 2013. 
[5] See Stephen Kinzer, All the Shah's Men: An American Coup and the Roots of Middle East Terror (Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons, 2003 and 2008); Ervand Abrahamian, The Coup: 1953, the CIA, and the Roots of Modern U.S.-Iranian Relations (New York: The New Press, 2015). 
[6] Herb Keinon, 'Gilad: Syria Poses New, 'Difficult' Challenges to Israel,” Jerusalem Post , April 2, 2013. 
[7] See for example Kim Sengupta, 'Iran's Jews on life inside Israel's 'enemy state': 'We feel secure and happy,'” Independent , March 17, 2016; 'Iran's Hassan Rouhani Tweets 'Shana Tova' to Jews,” Jewish Daily Forward , September 14, 2015; Thomas Erdbrink, 'Iran Delivers Surprise, Money, to Jewish Hospital,” NY Times , February 6, 2014; 'Report: Rohani Gives $400,000 to Tehran's Jewish Hospital,” Haaretz , February 6, 2014; see also 'Iran's Jews reject cash offer to move to Israel,” Guardian , July 12, 2007; 'Iranian Jews Blast Offer of Cash for Immigrating to Israel,” Haaretz , July 14, 2007; 
[8] Kim Sengupta, 'Iran's Jews on life inside Israel's 'enemy state': 'We feel secure and happy,'” Independent , March 17, 2016 
[9] 'Report: Netanyahu Says 9/11 Terror Attacks Good for Israel,” Haaretz , April 16, 2008. 
[10] Ibid. 
[11] James Bennett, 'A DAY OF TERROR: THE ISRAELIS; Spilled Blood Is Seen as Bond That Draws 2 Nations Closer,” NY Times , September 12, 2001. 
[12] Ernesto Londono, 'Study: Iraq, Afghan war costs to top $4 trillion,” Washington Post , March 28, 2013; Bob Dreyfuss, The $6 Trillion Wars,” The Nation , March 29, 2013; 'Iraq War Cost U.S. More Than $2 Trillion, Could Grow to $6 Trillion, Says Watson Institute Study,” Huffington Post , May 14, 2013; Mark Thompson, 'The $5 Trillion War on Terror,” Time , June 29, 2011; 'Iraq war cost: $6 trillion. What else could have been done?,” LA Times , March 18, 2013. 
[13] See for example Mark Kukis, Voices from Iraq: A People's History, 2003-2009 (New York: Columbia University Press, 2011). 
[14] John Milton, Paradise Lost (New York: Dover Publications, 2005), 71. 
[15] E. Michael Jones, 'The Great Satan and Me: Reflections on Iran and Postmodernism's Faustian Pact,” Culture Wars , July/August, 2015. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on October 29, 2016 Several Iraqi Soldiers killed by US Airstrike Near Mosul With a blocking force in place preventing ISIS from moving into Syria, reported by Iranian press, the US is doing everything possible to slow down the Iraqi Army and prevent successful operations. There have long been suspicions that the Kurds, who let thousands of ISIS oil trucks through their region each week, have been working with ISIS all along. It was the Kurds, not the real Kurds, but Barzani's Saudi run dictatorship in Erbil, that invited Turkey into Iraq. Deputy Chief of the Nineveh Provincial Council Noureddin Qablan announced that the US-led coalition warplanes have launched airstrikes on army base in Nineveh province, killing several soldiers. 'The US fighter jets hit one of the military bases of Iraqi Army's 16th Division in a region North of Mosul, and the attack left at least four Iraqi soldiers dead,” Qablan said. According to FNA, He said that the US army has confirmed the attack, calling it a 'mistake”. Qablan said that it is not the first time the US warplanes hit the Iraqi army and volunteer forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) military positions, adding, 'The US-led coalition has each time said that air raids were not deliberate.” It is reported that another peshmerga convoy accidentally hit by an USA-led coalition airstrike near Mosul today. That's was 3 'Mistakan Raid” in 24 hours. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on October 29, 2016, With Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on October 29, 2016 
Russian media is claiming it was one of their Kornet missiles that was used but the video shows otherwise. This claim, stupid as it is, is telling as well. The video, as have so many others, proves that America is resupplying ISIS with arms against Iraq. These arms are being brought through Kurdish controlled territory, past a Turkish base and into Mosul. 
Nobody pays any attention to the truth here which makes us wonder more than a bit why no one but VT writes about such things. 
The US claims the Abrams M1 main battle tank was hit from behind with a 9M133 Kornet anti-tank missile at the Qurayyah crossroads south of Mosul, said the IS-affiliated Amaq news agency. However, a Kornet is not wireguided as was the missile that hit the tank. 
The footage of the incident was published on Monday. Authenticity of the video could not be immediately verified. 
Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on October 29, 2016, With 171 Reads Filed under WarZone . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

He who has no name speaks: Italian earthquakes were retribution for anti-Jewish UNESCO vote ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Trump Supporter Arrested for Voting Twice…to fight 'vote rigging” By GPD on October 29, 2016 
Terri Rote is seen in a police booking photo on Oct. 27, 2016. 
DES MOINES, Iowa — Des Moines police have charged a woman with election misconduct, a Class D felony, after officials reported she voted twice. 
Des Moines police Sgt. Paul Parizek says officers charged 55-year-old Terri Rote with first-degree election misconduct on Thursday after being notified by elections officials that she had submitted two absentee ballots. 
According to an Iowa Public Radio report, Rote voted two times for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
'I wasn't planning on doing it twice, it was spur of the moment,” Rote said in an interview with the radio station before she added an oft-repeated line on the Trump campaign trail: 'The polls are rigged.” 
She was booked into the Polk County Jail and released after posting a $5,000 bond.
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on October 29, 2016 FBI Memo: Comey knew nothing was in emails and admits to releasing memo to influence election without cause. Comey: 'we do not know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails” Comey had stored these totally innocent emails as part of the long expected October Surprise. What is Comey being promised? Golf memberships, a free Trump condo? More? Comey says this not an investigation but 'supplementing the record.” All this while Trump awaits a December trial for raping a 13 year old. 
FBI Director James Comey told his bureau that he broke with custom in alerting lawmakers that the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server was being reopened because of its political sensitivity. 
In an internal memo obtained by Fox News, the beleaguered director noted that the FBI typically would not communicate with the public when reopening a case, according to a Department of Justice source. But Comey said he had to in this case because Clinton is seeking the White House in an election on Nov. 8. 
FBI letter from Director James Comey (Fox News) 
'Of course we don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed,” Comey wrote. 'I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record. 
'At the same time, however, given that we do not know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don't want to create a misleading impression,” Comey's letter continued. 'In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter, and in the middle of an election season, there is significant risk of being misunderstood, but I wanted you to hear directy from me about it.” 
Justice officials (Including the Attorney General of the United States) warned FBI that Comey's decision to update Congress was not consistent with department policy 
Senior Justice Department officials warned the FBI that Director James B. Comey's decision to notify Congress about renewing the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server was not consistent with long-standing practices of the department, according to officials familiar with the discussions. 
Comey told Justice officials that he intended to inform lawmakers of newly discovered emails. These officials told him the department's position 'that we don't comment on an ongoing investigation. And we don't take steps that will be viewed as influencing an election,” said one Justice official who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe the high-level conversations. 
'Director Comey understood our position. He heard it from Justice leadership,” said the official. 'It was conveyed to the FBI, and Comey made an independent decision to alert the Hill. He is operating independently of the Justice Department. And he knows it.” 
Comey decided to inform Congress that he would look again into Hillary Clinton's handling of emails during her time as secretary of state for two main reasons: a sense of obligation to lawmakers and a concern that word of the new email discovery would leak to the media and raise questions of a coverup. 
The rationale, described by officials close to Comey's decision-making on the condition of anonymity, prompted the FBI director to release his brief letter to Congress on Friday and upset a presidential race less than two weeks before Election Day. It placed Comey again at the center of a highly partisan argument over whether the nation's top law enforcement agency was unfairly influencing the campaign. 
In a memo explaining his decision to FBI employees soon after he sent his letter to Congress, Comey said he felt 'an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed.” 
[Read the letter Comey sent to FBI employees explaining his decision] 
'Of course, we don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record, ” Comey wrote to his employees. 
The last time Comey found himself in the campaign spotlight was in July, when he announced that he had finished a months-long investigation into whether Clinton mishandled classified information through the use of a private email server during her time as secretary of state. After he did so, the denunciation was loudest from Republican nominee Donald Trump and his supporters, who accused the FBI director of bias in favor of Clinton's candidacy. There was also grumbling within FBI ranks, with a largely conservative investigative corps complaining privately that Comey should have tried harder to make a case. 
This time the loudest criticism has come from Clinton and her supporters, who said Friday that Comey had provided too little information about the nature of the new line of investigation and allowed Republicans to seize political ground as a result. The inquiry focuses on Clinton emails found on a computer used by former U.S. congressman Anthony Weiner (D-N.Y.), now under investigation for sending sexually explicit messages to a minor, and top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, who is Weiner's wife. The couple have since separated. 
'It is extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a presidential election,” John Podesta, the chairman of Clinton's presidential campaign, said in a statement. 'The Director owes it to the American people to immediately provide the full details of what he is now examining. We are confident this will not produce any conclusions different from the one the FBI reached in July.” 
Officials familiar with Comey's thinking said the director on Thursday faced a quandary over how to proceed once the emails, which number more than 1,000 and may duplicate some of those already reviewed, were brought to his attention. 
Comey had just been briefed by a team of investigators who were seeking access to the emails. The director knew he had to move quickly because the information could leak out. 
The next day, Comey informed Congress that he would take additional 'investigative steps” to evaluate the emails after deciding the emails were pertinent to the Clinton email investigation and that the FBI should take steps to obtain and review them. 
In July, Comey had testified under oath before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee that the FBI was finished investigating the Clinton email matter and that there would be no criminal charges. Comey was asked at the hearing whether he would review any new information the FBI came across. 
'My first question is this, would you reopen the Clinton investigation if you discovered new information that was both relevant and substantial?” Rep. Lamar Smith (R-Tex.) asked Comey during the hearing. 
'It's hard for me to answer in the abstract,” Comey replied at the hearing. 'We would certainly look at any new and substantial information.” 
In the Friday memo to his employees, Comey acknowledged that the FBI does not yet know the import of the newly discovered emails. 'Given that we don't know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don't want to create a misleading impression,” Comey wrote. 
An official familiar with Comey's thinking said that 'he felt he had no choice.” 
'What would it look like if the FBI inadvertently came across additional emails that appear to be relevant to the Clinton investigation and not at least inform the Oversight Committee that this occurred?” the official said. 'What would be the criticism then? That the FBI hid it? That the FBI purposely kept this information to themselves?” 
The official said the decision came down to which choice 'was not as bad as the others.” 
Comey's action has been blasted by some former Justice Department officials, Clinton campaign officials and Democratic members of Congress. 
'Without knowing how many emails are involved, who wrote them, when they were written or their subject matter, it's impossible to make any informed judgment on this development,” said Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), who called the release 'appalling.” 
'However, one thing is clear: Director Comey's announcement played right into the political campaign of Donald Trump, who is already using the letter for political purposes. And all of this just 11 days before the election,” Feinstein said. 
Matthew Miller, a former Justice Department spokesman in the Obama administration, said the FBI rarely releases information about ongoing criminal investigations and does not release information about federal investigations this close to political elections. 
'Comey's behavior in this case from the beginning has been designed to protect his reputation for independence no matter the consequences to the public, to people under investigation or to the FBI's own integrity,” Miller said. 
Miller and other former officials pointed to a 2012 Justice Department memo saying that all employees have the responsibility to enforce the law in a 'neutral and impartial manner,” which is 'particularly important in an election year.” 
Miller said he had been involved in cases related to elected officials in which the FBI waited until several days after an election to send subpoenas. 'They know that if they even send a subpoena, let alone announce an investigation, that might leak and it might become public and it would unfairly influence the election when voters have no way to interpret the information,” Miller said. 
Nick Ackerman, a former federal prosecutor in New York and an assistant special Watergate prosecutor, said Comey 'had no business writing to Congress about supposed new emails that neither he nor anyone in the FBI has ever reviewed.” 
He added: 'It is not the function of the FBI director to be making public pronouncements about an investigation, never mind about an investigation based on evidence that he acknowledges may not be significant.” 
In Comey's note to employees, he seemed to anticipate that his decision would be controversial. 
'In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter and in the middle of an election season, there is significant risk of being misunderstood,” Comey wrote. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

TRUTH DIED at the Hands of Katherine Frisk By Katherine Frisk on October 29, 2016 Or did the Truth die at the hands of Wikipedia's Editors? 
As of the 26th Of October ( GMT) the editors of Gaven MacFadyen's profile chose to add this addendum to his personal profile: 
Personal life 
He was born in Greeley, Colorado in 1940 as Gavin Hall Galter; he eventually took on the surname of his stepfather.[13] MacFadyen lived in the Pimlico district of London with his wife, Susan Benn. He died of lung cancer in London on October 22, 2016 at the age of 76.[5]….Truth died at the hands of Katherine Frisk.. 
Here is a screen shot: Screen Shot 26th October GMT 
On the 24th of October I read about Gavin MacFadyen's death on RT which you can read HERE, and immediately went to Wikipedia to find out more details on his life. Under his personal life this is what I found: 
Personal life 
MacFadyen lived in the Pimlico district of London with his wife, Susan Benn. He died at the hands of Evan McMullin, a CIA operative, after MacFayden allegedly discovered information relating to numerous scrubbed black-ops missions linked to the assassination of multiple Third World heads of state. 
Here is a screen shot, which by the way, was not only witnessed by myself but many other people. I did not edit this or add or subtract anything from it. It was as you see it: Screen Shot 24th October (GMT) 
I then went in search of a person called Evan McMullin. I found a detailed biography on Esquire Magazine which you can read HERE. 
I then wrote up an article about it for Veterans Today which you can read HERE . 
To the editor's of Wikipedia, a site that is considered by many to report the 'facts” and to which millions go for background information on a daily basis, please note, in the article I asked the following questions: 
Was he involved in MacFadyen's death and if so what proof does anybody have that he was? 
All it says is 'He died at the hands of Evan McMullin.” Is Evan McMullin aware of this 'fact” on Wikipedia and has he made any statements in this regard? 
Did Evan McMullin kill Gavin MacFadyen as claimed? Or is this a stunt? 
I would like to know which part exactly does Wikipedia think caused ' the Truth to die ” at my hands? 
On the morning of the 26th of October, I was alerted to the fact that Gavin MacFayden's personal profile had changed again. 
This time it read: 
Personal life He was born in Greeley, Colorado in 1940 as Gavin Hall Galter; he eventually took on the surname of his stepfather. MacFadyen lived in the Pimlico district of London with his wife, Susan Benn. He died of lung cancer in London on October 22, 2016 at the age of 76. 
Here is a screen shot: Screen Shot 26th October 
On further examination I found another screen shot of more editing that had been done on Wikipedia on 24th of October. As you can see, it is typical of politics in the USA today where nobody misses a chance at mudslinging, disinformation, 'poisoning the well,'and muddying the waters of all journalism : 
I would like to ask the editors of Wikipedia: By whose hand did the truth die? Mine or your own? 
Please read your own prospectus where it says: 
Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately, especially if potentially libelous or harmful 
And to ' lidcombe, australia with telstra ', although, no doubt, this is not who you really are, and who posted that ' ….Truth died at the hands of Katherine Frisk” I suggest that you remove it. 
Here is a tribute to Wikileaks Director Gavin MacFadyen. The readers can make up their own minds as to who and what Gavin was.
ARTICLE

US Airstrikes on Iraqi Army Slowing Advance on Mosul ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Time for FBI director Comey to go By GPD on October 29, 2016 Just an idiot or "on the pad? Either way, Comey should go...and if some are right, it will be prison. Dupe, idiot or another Hoover wannabe? Paul Callan says that the FBI director, by foolishly making a public announcement that the agency is reviewing newly discovered emails related to Hillary Clinton's personal server, has inserted himself yet again into the campaign He says his clumsy handling of the probe is reason for Comey to resign In truth, investigations open and close routinely and secretly when new evidence comes to light. Each new scrap in a pile of useful or useless evidence is not announced in real time, like a scandal in a scripted reality TV Show. Perhaps it's time for the embattled FBI director who seems to have forgotten how to conduct a proper investigation to resign. Paul Callan is a CNN legal analyst, a former NYC homicide prosecutor and currently is 'of counsel” to the New York law firm of Edelman and Edelman, PC, focusing on wrongful conviction and civil rights cases. Follow him @paulcallan (CNN) Donald Trump's oft-repeated claim that the FBI's investigation of 'Crooked Hillary” and the presidential election itself were and are 'rigged,” seems to have thrown FBI Director James Comey into a state of panic. In foolishly making a public announcement that the bureau is reviewing newly discovered emails related to Hillary Clinton's personal server, he has inserted himself yet again into the presidential campaign. The FBI virtually never announces the commencement or termination of ongoing criminal investigations or the discovery of new evidence. Such inquiries are often conducted in relative secrecy, enabling a more efficient investigation. The old, sensible FBI rule book apparently has been thrown on the trash heap this year. Read more at CNN Related Posts:
ARTICLE

By Jonas E. Alexis on October 30, 2016 What if China, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Russia end up forging an alliance, since they all realize that they have a common enemy? Would that be good news for the New World Order? In order to deal with Soros, Malaysian officials need to give Vladimir Putin a call. …by Jonas E. Alexis 

George Soros has again shown that Jim W. Dean was right all along. Soros, Dean says, ' refuses to die and join his victims.” Soros, Dean moves on to declare, has been involved in the 'the age-old pump-and-dump stock manipulation scam” for quite a while. 
As we have argued elsewhere, Soros was involved in destroying the Russian economy in the 1990s. But he has created other covert activities as well. He was behind the Black Lives Matter movement . He wants to flood Europe with so-called refugees from virtually all over the Middle East while remaining silent about US officials supporting terrorist organs in Syria. In short, Soros still wants to move and shake the world. 
Soros has recently turned his attention to Southeast Asia. He wants to taste economic blood in that region. He has been in that part of the world before. And government officials know him pretty well. 
Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad of Malaysia declared back in 1997 that for people like Soros, 'wealth must come from impoverishing others, from taking what others have in order to enrich themselves. Their weapon is their wealth against the poverty of others.” [1] The New York Times reported then: 'Mr. Mahathir specifically blamed Mr. Soros for orchestrating Malaysia's economic crisis—he told the assembled bankers and economists that Mr. Soros's ilk had to be stopped.” [2] 
Mahathir said: 'I am saying that currency trading is unnecessary, unproductive and totally immoral. It should be stopped. It should be made illegal. We don't need currency trading.” [3] 
Mahathir was trying to articulate that rapacious usury is antithetical to the moral order and is therefore to be avoided. He has witnessed what usury, through 'crony capitalism,” has done and how it precipitated the economic crisis in much of Asia, most specifically in South Korea and the Philippines. [4] The same 'currency” has brought down economic progress in places like Thailand and Indonesia, where was a drastic decline in income. One scholar noted: 
' The enormity of the shock is captured by the fact that in the worst-affected countries real GDP growth has turned abruptly from over 7 per cent per annum to negative. In Thailand growth fell from 6 per cent in 1996 to almost zero in 1997, with all the decline concentrated in the second half of that year, and has fallen by at least a further 5 per cent in 1998. In Indonesia the corresponding swing is from 8 per cent growth up to the third quarter of 1997 to an absolute decline of 15 per cent in 1998… 
'These huge aggregate income shifts were the result of a financial crisis reflected in precipitous currency devaluations and falls in equity prices. Currencies depreciated by up to 80 per cent in the worst case (the Indonesian rupiah) while equity and other asset prices fell by 50 per cent or more in the worst-affected countries. 
'The key factor behind this currency and stock market collapse was a massive reversal of foreign capital flows. It has been estimated that for Indonesia, the Republic of Korea, Thailand, Malaysia and the Philippines net private inflows dropped from US$ 93 billion to 12 billion – a swing of 11 per cent of GDP between the end of 1996 and the end of 1997.” 
Many countries in Asia were basically following capitalism by that time, and it was no accident that they had a huge debacle by 1997. [5] Mahathir, in that sense, was trying provide a response to that debacle. Soros didn't like what Mahathir said because Soros is a capitalist and wanted to rip people in Southeast Asia off their labor. He fired back at Mahathir by saying: 
'Dr. Mahathir's suggestion yesterday to ban currency trading is so inappropriate that it does not deserve serious consideration. Interfering with the convertibility of capital at a moment like this is a recipe for disaster. Dr. Mahathir is a menace to his own country.” [6] 
Mahathir seemed to have learned his lesson. By 2003, he created a storm of controversy by saying that 'The Jews rule the world by proxy. They get others to fight and die for them.” [7] 
Some have said that Mahathir was promoting violence against Jews, but that itself is false. If a person says that the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, it does not necessitate the illogical idea that every single Japanese person is responsible for Pearl Harbor at all. Mahathir was making a general claim, and many Jews, including Henry Makow, agreed with him. Elias Davidsson of Jerusalem concurred as well. He said: 
'As a Jew myself (but opposed to Zionism) I need no encouragement from Malaysain PM Mahathir Mohammed to observe what should be obvious to the blatant eye: Namely that Jews effectively rule US foreign policy and thus determine to a great extent the conductof most countries… 
'So it is with the proposition that Jews control the world. Surely the do not control every single action; surely it does not mean that every Jew participates in the 'control.' But for all practical purposes the proposition holds. 
'Mahathir has neither asked to discriminate against Jews, let along to kill Jews. It is shameful to equate him to the Hitlerites.” [8] 
Mahathir added elsewhere that 'a U.S. dominated IMF was 'trying to change the Asian system.” [9] Obviously that 'U.S. dominated IMF” was in concert with capitalism, which has been refined in the twenty-first century by people like Milton Friedman. [10] 
But Mahathir probably wouldn't expect Soros to come back to Southeast Asia for round two. It has been reported that Soros is looking for a 'color revolution” through his Open Society Foundation in Malaysia because he seems to think that there is a lack of 'constitutional democracy.” [11] Like Rodrigo Duterte, Malaysian Prime Minster Najib Razak has recently been trying to build an alliance with China: 'Malaysian Prime Minster Najib Razak heads to China next week to build closer ties and seek investment, which may further dent US aims in Southeast Asia after a push by President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines to bolster China ties.” [12] 
Obviously this is not good news for New World Order agents at all. It gets worse: 'Both Malaysia and the Philippines have long been in dispute with China over the South China Sea. However, Kuala Lumpur may follow in the footsteps of Manila, seeking to ease tensions with Beijing in exchange for economic benefits.” [13] 
Soros again does not like that, and this might be one reason why he declared that 'There is no Business like the Revolutions Business.'” Mathew Maavak of Risk Foresight at Universiti Teknologi Malaysia (UTM) comments: 
'NGOs and the West-friendly media constitute a major subsidiary of the global social revolutions enterprise. Together, they seek out, identify and amplify public discontent in nations not aligned to the United States. 
'Such US-engineered activisms have never led to more equitable societies; rather they have engendered endless bloodshed and global terrorism. To the agitprop entrepreneur, the returns on revolutionary investments are immense. 
'A wealthy hedge fund manager can short a targeted market before executing a pre-planned 'revolution.' The resultant stock market and currency meltdown would provide self-evidentiary 'proof' to an anxious public, exerting more pressure on the government of the day to either capitulate or concede to 'popular demands' that are actually drafted abroad, likely by the IMF!” [14] 
Maavak, like other experts in Asia, are well aware that Soros was behind the economic crisis in 1997. He writes, 'The entire region was in turmoil, and the name of George Soros featured prominently in this sordid saga. The 'Reformasi' [protest] movement led by sacked [Malaysian] Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim — who had close to ties to Washington hawks — failed to topple the government of the day.” [ 15] 
Perhaps Malaysia needs to do what China and Russia did: they need to kick Soros out of for good. Or perhaps they need to give Vladimir Putin a call and ask him how he did it. But what if China, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Russia end up forging an alliance, since they all realize that they have a common enemy? Would that be good news for the New World Order? 
I guess US Deputy Secretary of Defense Bob Work has good reason to say: ''Our adversaries [Russia], quite frankly, are pursuing enhanced human operations and it scares the crap out of us.” [16] 
[1] Edward A. Gargan, 'Premier of Malaysia Spars With Currency Dealer,” NY Times , September 22, 1997. 
[3] Ibid. 
[4] For further studies on this issue, see David C. Kang, Crony Capitalism: Corruption and Development in South Korea and the Philippines (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2002). 
[5] See Helen Hughes, 'Crony Capitalism and the East Asian Currency Financial 'Crises,'” Policy , Spring 1999. 
[6] Gargan, 'Premier of Malaysia Spars With Currency Dealer,” NY Times , September 22, 1997. 
[7] Quoted in E. Michael Jones, The Jewish Revolutionary Spirit and Its Impact on World History (South Bend: Fidelity Press, 2008), 1064. 
[8] Ibid., 1064-1065. 
[9] Paul Blustein, The Chastening: Inside the Crisis That Rocked the Global Financial System and Humbled the IMF (New York: Public Affairs, 2001 and 2003), 164. 
[10] For a historical study on these issues, see E. Michael Jones, Barren Metal: A History of Capitalism as the Conflict Between Labor and Usury (South Bend: Fidelity Press, 2014). 
[11] 'Leaked Memo: Is Soros Planning 'Series of Color Revolutions' in Southeast Asia?,” Sputnik News , October 28, 2016.
ARTICLE

By Kadir A. Mohmand on October 30, 2016 
'SEARCH FOR THE AFGHAN GIRL”© Steve McCurry 
I am writing on behalf of the Afghan villagers like Sharbat Gula because the U. S. installed Afghan administration only works on behalf of the occupiers and war profiteers. The Afghan administration does not care about Sharbat Gula. 
Shame on you Pakistan for imprisoning the national Afghan war hero, Sharbat Gula , who is again suffering because of the foreign occupier's and its Afghan puppets' bombardment of her village in Afghanistan. Sharbat Gula is now suffering at the greedy hands of Pakistan, who financially benefits from the U.S. war against the Afghans/Pashtun. 
In the 1980s, her young face on the cover of National Geographic embodied the strength, dignity and honor of the Afghan Pashtun women, who suffered for a decade at the hands of the Soviet invaders and Afghan communist puppets. 
During both wars, Pakistan has profited from the Afghans' suffering. After 9/11, the National Geographic editor/photographer located Sharbat Gula. He told her a lot of money had been made from the edition with her cover and what did she want. She did not want money. Sharbat Gula only wanted an education for her children and no bombardment of her village. She wanted education and peace without foreign invasion. 
Her village has been bombarded by the U.S. and its puppets, her village's water poisoned and her family has had to flee to Pakistan. Instead of honoring her, Pakistan imprisons her for not having the right papers. Also Pakistan punishes the Afghan Pashtun refugees because the Afghan Freedom fighters do not want Pakistan involved in peace negotiations. . The Afghan Freedom Fighters d o not want a repeat of the mistakes that occurred in the 1980s when Pakistan was involved in the peace talks between the Soviet Union and the Afghan Resistance. 
Sharbat Gula is again the face of the Afghan Pashtun women,. Despite the indignities of war, she keeps her honor and dignity. 
Pakistan needs to release her immediately. Perpetrators of war crimes committed against the Afghan Pashtun women need to be prosecuted and stopped. She is a victim. Sharbat Gula has human rights. The illegal war in Afghanistan must end now. Sharbat Gula has the right to live with dignity and security in her village in Afghanistan. She does not want to be forced to live in Pakistan. Enough of these greedy profiteers and this ugly war scape goating honorable Afghan Pashtun women like Sharbat Gula, who are the true national heroes. Sharbat Gula is an Afghan National Hero and not a criminal. The war criminals and war profiteers need to be imprisoned and not her. Free her now. 
Sincerely,
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on October 30, 2016 Constitutional Crisis: FBI used prohibited FISA domestic terror warrant in Clinton-Weiner email search …by Gordon Duff, with Ian Greenhalgh , Editors – Veterans Today 
In a surprise announcement, the Department of Justice just admitted that there was no legal authorization in place to access email accounts of Hillary Clinton aide, Huma Abedin, estranged wife of accused sex offender former Congressman Anthony Weiner. 
The government admitted that no warrant had been requested and that discussions to seek a warrant had not yet begun, making the letter FBI Director James Comey wrote to Congress on Friday a potentially criminal act, if it can be proven that Comey was aware of this fact and of the actions of his subordinates in 'planting” Clinton emails on Weiner's laptop.[14] 
(CNN)Justice Department and FBI officials are working to secure approval that would allow the FBI to conduct a full search of top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin's newly discovered emails, sources familiar with the discussions told CNN. 
Government lawyers haven't yet approached Abedin's lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not.[14] 
FBI Director James Comey is under assault for what is being perceived as more than simply partisan behavior. Former presidential advisor, Lanny Davis writes for The Hill: 
'Comey as FBI director — an investigative agency, not a prosecution agency — (does not) have any authority to send a report to Congress in the middle of an investigation about the past or present subject of an investigation. He appears to be in violation of the limits on his authority as FBI director by disclosing investigation information — or possible investigation information — directly to Congress with obtaining permission from the attorney general or someone else delegated authority by her. His decision to reveal the results of an ongoing investigation, before a published criminal indictment, violates due process principles and pre-indictment secrecy rules and guidelines of the Justice Department.”[16] 
Through court challenges to FBI search tactics under FISA and other counter-terror legislation, accessing 'cloud” based emails and either representing them as 'found” in a warranted search of a hard drive or in 'syncing” a computer to place emails on a drive under a warranted search, clear prohibitions have been established.[Addendum I] 
In this case, with no warrant in place at all, there are no possible interpretations of FBI actions that could be consistent with admissibility. 
In what has been seen by most a the long expected 'October Surprise,” the highly controversial letter written by FBI Director James Comer, something more far reaching has developed, a constitutional crisis that may well exceed that of Watergate or even Iran/Contra. Like the Federal Reserve, the FBI itself lacks a clear constitutional authority. There is no mention of nor authorization given, in the constitution, for a national police force. In fact, the Constitution, in the 10th Amendment ratified in 1791 states: 
'The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.”[12] More often than not, this has been ignored, a 'stepchild” of the Bill of Rights. Here, however, the FBI, created initially as the 'sex police”[11], created to enforce the Mann Act[13], has assumed not only 'powers not granted” under the constitution, but has exponentially expanded its reach, well beyond constitutional limitations on rights of privacy and against unreasonable search and seizure, assailed by laws like the Patriot Acts.” 
Behind the current controversy, that of an FBI director being accused of interfering in an election and acting against policy, procedure and advice of the Attorney General, is something more. The FBI has crossed into the area of possible criminality, violating clear cut Federal Court restrictions, not only through an illegal search but by actually planting evidence and then channeling misleading information into the press with a clear intent to subvert constitutional authority. 
Another issue is the kind of language Comey has been using to mollify critics who have kept a flurry of investigations going and who have subjected him to hostile interrogation for endless hours in front of highly partisan committees. Colonel Jim Hanke (ret), former US attache to Israel and ranking NATO military intelligence planner commented on the nature of Comey's assertions of Hillary's classified emails: 
'Take the text of any of the emails we have seen. Anything here could have been said in a press conference or on a television interview and, in those formats, would not have been considered classified. There would have been fallout, for sure, not from disclosing policy or in endangering operations, real issues that get high level classification. Hillary's emails, were they made public, and there was reason to expect this might well happen, are revealing and reflect on her personal judgement and, at times, demonstrate a lack of grasp, particularly when it comes to Russia or Syria. These are issues of public confidence, not criminality nor are they areas of real security classification. 
Conversely, what we have seen Comey do may well rise to the level of something serious, certainly he undermines the FBI and attacks the American system of government. As to what his intent was or to what laws apply, this is not my area of expertise but I would like to think that criminal code could deal with this kind of threat.” 
One additional consideration to put into the mix is Wikileaks. During recent weeks while Wikileaks has released two dozen batches of emails, the Clinton campaign has mirrored earlier charges made against Wikileaks by former National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinsky, that Wikileaks 'sexes up” and even fabricates documents that are, according to Brzezinsky, when speaking to Judy Woodruff of National Public Radio, 'seeded” into a virtual deluge of material. 
The FBI used FISA (Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act) powers when it downloaded and 'synced” Clinton emails into former Congressman Anthony Weiner's computers, according to legal experts.[1,4,6,7] The FBI knowingly violated the law in applying terror statutes when they illegally expanded their search into Weiner's computers and downloaded emails from a 3rd party account. With only days before an election, the term 'October Surprise” has never been more applicable. 
The question people are asking is; 'Why did Director Comey choose to ignore legal advice and, more importantly, was he aware that he was upsetting an American presidential election based on a pattern of criminal-level misconduct by his own agency?” 
The FBI lied when it claimed the it found Clinton emails when it searched Anthony Weiner's computer. Sources now tell VT that the FBI in fact 'synced” the email account of Weiner's estranged wife, Huma, downloading the emails 'from the cloud” and falsely claiming they were discovered as part of a legal search warrant. However, there is no case law supporting the expansion of such warrants to spouses or others whose email accounts may be accessible through devices but were not stored on hard drives and not by any stretch of the imagination, legally accessed under any possible search warrant tied to Weiner's sexual indiscretions. 
What did in fact happen here was planting of evidence, by the FBI, illegally accessing a 'cloud based” email account not included in a search warrant and downloading to a hard drive that was included in a warrant. This is a common FBI/DHS practice used in terror investigations, making use of a single warrant to follow cloud accounts for multiple users. 
In an article in today's Washington Post, the issue of how the FBI found emails that should not been on Weiner's computer were brought to light. 
'Top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has told people she is unsure how her emails could have ended up on a device she viewed as her husband's computer, the seizure of which has reignited the Clinton email investigation, according to a person familiar with the investigation and civil litigation over the matter. 
The person, who would not discuss the case unless granted anonymity, said Abedin was not a regular user of the computer, and even when she agreed to turn over emails to the State Department for federal records purposes, her lawyers did not search it for materials, not believing any of her messages to be there. 
That could be a significant oversight if Abedin's work messages were indeed on the computer of her estranged husband, former congressman Anthony Weiner, who is under investigation for allegedly exchanging lewd messages with a 15-year-old girl. So far, it is unclear what — if any — new, work-related messages were found by authorities. The person said the FBI had not contacted Abedin about its latest discovery, and she was unsure what the bureau had discovered.”[8] 
There is no evidence, of yet, that Director Comey was aware the 'evidence” he took to congress was illegally planted on Weiner's computer but Comey was aware of the practice. Typically, the FBI search warrants used can give access to cloud based emails as outlined below by FBI Special Agent James M. Cauthen: 
'An alternative is for the investigator to search in the same manner as the user would—with the computer turned on and connected to the data. In this example, the investigator needs access to the subject's computer with the relational database software and connection to the cloud. The investigator could consider combining two search warrants—one on the computer owner for the location being searched under Rule 41 and one on the cloud provider under §2703 for the content to which the computer is connected. 
With this approach, the investigator will need to understand how to operate database software and make queries. These queries must comply with the search warrant. The investigator must conduct the search carefully as actions taken on a live system will change the data on the computer. Using this method, it may be possible to obtain a single search warrant combining the provisions of Rule 41 and §2703; however, it should be noted that there is no case law yet on implementing this strategy.” [7] 
In light of the controversy over the handling of this issue by FBI Director Comey, an article in The New Yorker, dated October 28, 2016 cuts to the director's state of mind. From that article: WASHINGTON ( The Borowitz Report )—James Comey, the embattled director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, presided over a special ceremony on Friday evening to commend the brave F.B.I. agents who had to touch Anthony Weiner's computer. In awarding the commendations to the agents, whom Comey called 'the bravest men and women this country has to offer,” the F.B.I. director criticized the political uproar that he said had overshadowed 'their selfless acts of heroism.” 'These agents have performed far and beyond the call of duty,” a visibly angry Comey said. 'I know we're eleven days away from an election and tensions are running high, but we shouldn't let that subtract in any way from what these brave agents did with their own hands.” 'Who among us could look at ourselves in the mirror and say, ‘I have what it takes to touch Anthony Weiner's computer '?” Comey asked. 'I know I sure as hell couldn't.”[15] A common way to hide ones train in Washington is to wrap whatever the smell is 'in a bloody flag” or to hand out medals for heroism. This is 'deception 101” and Comey wasn't in the least bit coy about using his agents, who may be steeped in ethical or even criminal complicity, in that same 'bloody flag” theatrics. 
The Clinton/Weiner connection may well be an abuse of expanded counter-terrorism powers the FBI assumed during the Bush era. However, in 2008, these powers were curtailed by a Federal court decision. [Addendum I] From the New York Times, April 19, 2016: 
'WASHINGTON — A federal judge has rejected a legal challenge to rules permitting F.B.I. agents, when working on domestic criminal cases, to search emails written by Americans that the government has intercepted without a warrant in the name of gathering foreign intelligence. 
In an 80-page opinion that was issued in November and remained classified until being made public on Tuesday, Judge Thomas F. Hogan, the chief judge of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, ruled that what critics call 'backdoor searches” of messages by the F.B.I. comply with both the Constitution and the FISA Amendments Act. That 2008 statute legalized a form of the government's once-secret warrantless surveillance program.”[9] 
There has been considerable controversy involving the FBI's illegal expansion of search warrants in criminal cases. With the expanded powers under the Bush administration's Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, covering the use of broad 'single warrant” powers in domestic terrorism cases, the FBI has on numerous occasions misused FISA powers in criminal investigations. 
This has been brought before the Federal Courts in 2008 [Addendum I] and the FBI should well consider itself forewarned not to attempt to apply questionable expanded powers under FISA legislation intended to apply to terror threats. That FISA was applied here, knowing a court challenge would take far too long to correct the damage, in this case a 'rigged” presidential election, as claimed by Clinton campaign advisor, John Podesta. References: 
[1] Elena Kagan: Supreme Court Hasn't 'Gotten to” Email , CBS News, August 21, 2013. 
[2] Josiah Dykstra, 'Seizing Electronic Evidence from Cloud Computing Environments,” in Cybercrime and Cloud Forensics: Applications for Investigation Processes , ed. K. Ruan (Hershey, PA: IGI Global, 2013). 
[3] Tony Sammes and Brian Jenkinson, Forensic Computing: A Practitioner's Guide , (London, UK: Springer-Verlag, 2000). Forensics was developed on the idea of copying data from a hard disk drive that was turned off or dead. Live recovery involves changes to the contents of a computer's storage space, 18 U.S.C. §2510(15). Therefore, it is essential that someone competent to give testimony performs it, showing that the continuity and integrity of the evidence has been preserved. 
[4] U.S. Department of Justice, Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section, Criminal Division, Searching and Seizing Computers and Obtaining Electronic Evidence in Criminal Investigations 3d ed., (Washington, D.C.: Office of Legal Education, Executive Office for United States Attorneys, 2009), 84. Although the courts have not directly addressed the matter, the language of Rule 41 combined with the Supreme Court's interpretation of 'property” may limit computer searches to data that physically resides in the district in which the warrant was issued. 
[5] For legal purposes, there are two classes of cloud providers: those who provide 'electronic communication services,” and those who provide 'remote computing service.” See 18 U.S.C. §2510(15) and 18 U.S.C. §2711(2) respectively. 
[6] United States v. Gorshkov , 2001 WL 1024026 (May 23, 2001). In this case, the defendants moved to suppress the evidence, but the motion was denied. Nonetheless, the investigator was charged with hacking by foreign authorities who requested that the investigator be extradited for trial. U.S. authorities have not complied.
ARTICLE

October 30, 2016 at 3:02 pm 
Besides, using a «cloud» account, is extremely stupid. Paedo hunter October 30, 2016 at 1:09 pm 
and about time too……my biggest 'fear' is the brainwashed masses putting resistence to the change…..like the Brexit 'remainers' who just can't accept they lost yet still fighting at every legal street corner to have it reversed….that kinda mindset for different issues worldwide are the biggest stumbling block to change and they also feed the ruling classes objectives and give them reason to plant some more MSM treats for us to despair at…..like Russophobia……”LONG LIVE PUTIN” Mike October 30, 2016 at 12:05 pm 
Thanks Gilad, at least everyone here at vt isn't brainwashed by Hillary. Vt is doing a disservice to itself by closing the comment sections on articles by Ian and Gordo. What cant control the narrative so you close the comments? Sad days for the Vt faithful! CoJonesGrandes October 30, 2016 at 12:57 pm 
Are you aware of Karla Turner's work? The negative aliens who have controlled this planet for ages have many tools in their box. For example,where an incorruptible person has acquired a large following but works against their agenda, one way of dealing with such a person is to replace his soul. This way, it would appear as if that person has switched allegiances. Unless you are psychic enough to see the soul, you would have NO idea that there has been any such switcheroo. http://www.reptilianagenda.com/exp/e112300a.shtml Quote: HOW THE ALIENS MIGHT CONTROL THE LEADERS: 
'…. if they wanted to use one of their own souls … perhaps to inhabit the body of a politicians and work full-time through it, that could be done. …. they could simply take the soul out and stick another soul in. They have the ability to retrieve what we call the soul, to store it in a container, and to put it back into another body. They can put it in any body they wish.” Ariana October 30, 2016 at 11:37 am 
Sorry Correction _ Ironically, the masters of color revolutions around the world, are now experiencing the same colorfull revolution from inside, without any snipers behind the courtain and walls ! 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

Time for FBI director Comey to go ‹ › Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Gamechanger: Russia successfully tests its first-ever hypersonic weapon By Ian Greenhalgh on October 30, 2016 Russia successfully tests its first-ever hypersonic weapon 
The hypersonic aircraft, known as 'article 4202” or '15U71” was successfully tested on October 25 for the first time. All avionics and electronic systems, as well as the control system of the vehicle are entirely of Russian production. 
The weapon is capable of speeding up to 15 Max, or 7 km/sec. The vehicle was designed to be installed at prospective intercontinental ballistic missiles, instead of conventional warheads. The '4202” vehicle starts working at an altitude of about 100 km and flies to the target at the speed of 5-7 km/s. Before entering dense layers of the atmosphere, directly above the target, the hypersonic aircraft performs a complex maneuver that makes it difficult to interception by missile defense systems of the enemy. 
Noteworthy, the project of hypersonic warheads called 'Albatross” appeared in the USSR in the mid-1980s, as a response to USA's attempts to create a missile defense system within the concept of 'star wars.” However, due to the technical difficulties, the project was shut down. In the mid-1990s, the Scientific and Production Association (NPO) resumed the development of the new weapon under the number '4202.” 
According to sources at Roscosmos state corporation, the successful tests of the new hypersonic aircraft were made possible with the help of the intensive import substitution program. For instance, Russian engineers had to get rid of the control system, previously manufactured by Ukrainian company Hartron. The successfully implemented program provided an opportunity to resume the tests. As a result, all the avionics and electronic systems, as well as the control system now completely consist of Russian components. 
The Russian Army is to receive new hypersonic weapons by 2020. The development of high-speed anti-aircraft missiles has made it possible to intercept and destroy any modern aircraft or missile at any altitude. The way out is to create the aircraft capable of flying faster than interceptor missiles. 
For this particular reason, major powers of the world, such as the USA, Russia and China, rushed to develop hypersonic flight vehicles of different types and purposes. 
China, for example, tested the hypersonic WU-14 glider on 9 January 2015. The Chinese aircraft is launched into outer space with the help of an intercontinental ballistic missile. Then, the vehicle develops the speed of 10M, that is, more than 12,300 km/h, and dives onto the target. State-of-the-art air defense systems are unable to detect and intercept a target flying at this speed. 
China has thus become the third country in the world, after Russia and the United States, which has the technology of hypersonic vehicles for both nuclear and conventional weapons. In fact, the Chinese have created a warhead with control surfaces that can maneuver in flight thus becoming practically invulnerable. However, this vehicle does not have its own engine, so the Chinese creation has become another weapon for 'the poorest.” 
Russia currently works on different types of hypersonic scramjet missiles, which can be launched from land, ships or aircraft. 
Pravda.Ru requested an expert opinion from chief editor of 'Arms Export” magazine, Andrey Frolov. 
'How competitive is Russia in the development of hypersonic aircraft?” 
'Russia is at the forefront. This is not the first test, I think that in the near future these systems will be passed into service at the army. The Americans do not have such weapons yet, the Chinese are in the development process.” 
'Are there any other details available?” 
'This is a secret subject. We know that such weapons have been created – and this is a lot to know already.” Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on October 30, 2016, With 385 Reads Filed under Military . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . Both comments and pings are currently closed.
ARTICLE

By Michael Shrimpton on October 30, 2016 Some Battleship Myths Busted 
The comments on last week's column (Aberfan – Disaster Or Attack?) threw up some unexpected comments about battleships, and the causes of World War I. As you can tell, it was a wide-ranging discussion! It also showed that that a number of myths about battleships, not to mention the causes of World War I, are still prevalent. First however, some comments on the exciting presidential race. Trump or Clinton? 
I'm still predicting a win for Trump. The polls have tightened, which is not good news for Hillary, and the first straws in the wind suggesting a landslide for Trump have appeared. Some polls are still showing a lead for the Democrat, but the most reliable ones seem to be showing Trumpy ahead by 1 or 2 points. 
A delighted Washington Post predicted this week that Trumpy has 'next to zero” chance of winning. I'm not sure that's true even if you accept the polls as accurate. The polls are suggesting a tight race. However pollsters have a history of getting it wrong when it comes to races involving conservatives. The margin of error in favor of liberal positions differs from one pollster to another, but between 2.5 and 5% seems about right. 
Since the last two Republican candidates were scarcely conservatives, the reasonably good performance of most polling organisations in 2008 and 2012 has to be viewed with reserve. Polling performance breaks down when you have serious conservative opposition. They can be still an indicator, however, of momentum. The FBI (Photo credit: Hurricane Bianca) 
I have heard of October surprises , indeed the Democrats sprang one over Bimbogate, or at least gave it the good old college try. It might have been better choosing bimbos who had actually met the Republican candidate, or at least met him without witnesses present, but there it is. 
Having the FBI act with integrity when the suspect is the Democratic candidate for president and polling day is less than two weeks away wasn't so much an October surprise as an October shock, no offense to the Fibbies intended. 
Assuming – just assuming – that this wasn't part of a deal between Mr O and Mr T, whereby Mr T agreed to keep quiet about Mr O's Kenyan/Zanzibari origins in exchange for Mr O backing off the FBI, the timing of the FBI's move was extraordinary. They are saying that it was due to fresh evidence coming into their possession, so it can't have been that. 
It is just possible that the boys in the Hoover building (that's Hoover as in J Edgar, BTW, not as in the vacuum cleaner) were not aware of the large sums of money slushing, sorry finding, its way to the wife of their Deputy Director from the Clintons. It's a bit of a mystery, and I don't pretend to know the answer. Astonishing as it may sound, with respect, it may even be that the FBI have finally started to act with integrity and good faith. If so, that would be a positive development, although don't expect the CIA to follow suit! If they did, the world really will have turned upside down. The CIA and Wikipedia WWI 
People sometimes ask me why I write for VeteransToday, given the lousy pay (!) The short answer is that they are good people and don't interfere with my freedom of expression. VT is also something of an intelligence clearing house, however. I hope readers learn something from my weekly columns (that's why I write 'em), but I also learn things. 
One of the things I learnt this week via VT is that the CIA have a thing going with Wikipedia. I thought I was dealing with operatives – it was strange that so-called volunteer editors responded within minutes to any attempt by me to balance the Wikipedia attack piece on me. Turns out the CIA have an active interest in about 10% of Wiki sites, including mine. 
Given that Director Brennan is an enemy of mine, with Jesuit connections, I helped expose the role of the Jesuit Order in providing the pretext for World War I and the Agency are heavily penetrated by my bitter enemies the DVD, via the Correa/COREA Group in Frankfurt, that would make sense. 
The next installment in my WikiWar should be mediation. Goodness knows who they'll suggest as a mediator – Angela Merkel probably, or the President of the European Commission. The mediator will definitely be driving a Volkswagen. The Naval Race Rear Admiral Sir Christoper Cradock 
I'm inter alia an intelligence historian , so it's nice to turn to an historical topic. It is incredibly important to get history right – otherwise we just repeat the same mistakes. 
A number of commenters last week seemed to be laboring under the delusion, no offense intended, that World War I was started by the naval race between the British and German Empires. This nonsensical view, widely propagated since 1918 by German Intelligence and their allies, is still recycled on the BBC and by liberal faculty members, i.e. just about all of them. 
World War I was not started by the British Admiralty, nor by accident. It was started by the Germans, who set up the assassination of the Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his lovely wife Sophie on June 28th 1914. The German army was already mobilising, implementing a war plan drawn up years before. 
The build-up of the Imperial German Navy had similarly been underway for years, for purely offensive purposes. The German Navy was not designed to protect German interests abroad – its capital ships lacked the range and the habitability for that. It was aimed at bringing the Royal Navy's Atlantic and Channel Fleets to battle in the North Sea (the famous Grand Fleet was only formed on the outbreak of war). 
There is no way the German Navy could have matched the rapid, hemispheric deployment of a battlecruiser squadron to the farthest reaches of the South Atlantic in 1914, e.g., after the destruction of a weak British squadron under Rear-Admiral Sir Christopher Cradock at the Battle of Coronel. Vice-Admiral Sturdee's great victory in the Battle of the Falkland Islands was of course made possible by the Naval Intelligence Department. 
The boys had spotted that the First Sea Lord, von Battenberg, was a German spy and had deliberately refused to reinforce Cradock's squadron. Von Battenberg was left in place and fed false position reports – no wonder the sight of the fighting tops of a British battlecruiser squadron in Port Stanley harbor so rattled the Hun commander, Graf von Spee, who was the runner-up in the battle which followed. The true position was stated millennia ago by the Roman general Vegetius: si vis pacem, para bellum. If you wan't peace, prepare for war. Great Britain did not encourage the First World War by taking the limited steps that she did to prepare for it. 
We needed more battleships and battlecruisers, not fewer. Sadly, the Liberal government decided to encourage German aggression by holding back spending on the Royal Navy. Had we been stronger, the Hun would not dare have invaded Belgium and Luxembourg in a flanking attack on the French army. Next Myth HMS Barham 
The next myth propagated last week was that battleships were vulnerable to U-Boats. The truth is that the only British battleships sunk by U-Boat in both world wars, HMS Barham and HMS Royal Oak, were betrayed. 
Royal Oak was sunk because the First Sea Lord Sir Dudley Pound was being blackmailed by Jerry and agreed to hold up the badly-needed block-ships requested for Scapa Flow by the C-in-C Home Fleet. 
Had the block-ships been in place, as requested, Gunther Prien wouldn't have got within five miles of Royal Oak. It is not even clear that the dear old Barham was actually sunk in November 1941 by U-331. It is more likely that her magazines were detonated by a radio-controlled IED set off by a German agent on the battleship ahead, which happened to have a cameraman ready to film the sinking. 
All battleships after the turbine-powered Dreadnought were too fast for submarines, which until the advent of the first true submarine, the German Type XXI, had limited underwater speed and endurance. Forget the headline figure for underwater speed – at top speed a U-Boat's batteries would be drained quickly. This made achieving a firing solution difficult. Battleships were also usually too well screened by destroyers. 
They were such difficult targets that in practice only a U-Boat lying in wait could torpedo them. Then there was the difficulty in sinking them. Older battleships could indeed be sunk by a single submarine, even a single torpedo, ditto battleships whose design was held back by the absurd limitations in the Washington Treaty, designed to make the next world war winnable for the Bad Guys. 
It is, however, intellectually dishonest to compare the latest subs with older battleships, or battleships, like the King George V class, designed to artificial limits. In World War II modern battleships designed without reference to the Washington Treaty, such as the wonderful Iowa class, incorporated excellent anti-torpedo protection. A single Jap sub, e.g. would have had trouble hitting an Iowa class fast battleship with enough torpedoes to sink her. 
The King George V classic were a classic illustration of the dangers posed by the Washington Treaty. To save weight their outer prop-shafts weren't armored, a weakness which proved fatal when HMS Prince of Wales was struck by a Japanese aerial torpedo in December 1941. In practice battleships were much less vulnerable to torpedo attack than any other type of warship. That is why all Japanese submarine attacks on American battleships in World War II failed, indeed the Japs only ever managed to sink American battleships in harbor in peacetime, and even then they only actually sank two. The other battleships damaged at Pearl Harbor were repaired, modernised and went on to avenge their sisters. Third Myth HMS Repulse 
The vulnerability of battleships to air attack in World War II has also been greatly overstated. They were of course invulnerable to air attack in World War I, as no aircraft could carry an armor-piercing bomb heavy enough to sink them. No German or Italian battleship was sunk at sea by airpower in the whole of the war. 
No American battleship was sunk at sea in either war, period. Only one British battleship, HMS Prince of Wales, was sunk by airpower in World War II, and she was betrayed. HMS Indomitable, the carrier designated as her escort, had been run aground, on Pound's orders, whilst working up out of Kingston Harbour in Jamaica. 
Attacking as they did outside fighter range, without combat equipment such self-sealing tanks, the Jap bombers would have been very vulnerable to Indomitable's cannon-equipped fighters. 
As I explain in Spyhunter, Force Z's course had been betrayed to the Japanese in Saigon, via radio, by the German spy Rear-Admiral Palliser. Had Palliser not betrayed the British squadron it's unlikely that the Japs would have found them. They had poor air reconnaissance, limited fuel reserves and could not just stooge around the South China Sea trying to find them. 
HMS Repulse was a battlecruiser, not a battleship. Unlike her sister Renown, she had not been modernised. In particular, she lacked Renown's modern 4.5” Dual Purpose (DP) battery, much more effective in the AA role than Prince of Wales's DP fit. Bismarck firing at HMS Hood 
HMS Hood , blown-up during the course of the Battle of the Denmark Strait, was also a battlecruiser and, like Repulse, she had not been modernised. The Chamberlain government and the Treasury denied the Admiralty the funds for her much-needed modernisation, precisely in order to make her easier for Jerry to sink. 
As I explain in Spyhunter, it is very doubtful that Hood was actually sunk by KMS Bismarck and much more likely that she was blown up by an IED in either a 4” magazine, leading to secondary detonation of a main magazine, or a main magazine. 
None of the broadsides fired by either Bismarck or her accompanying heavy cruiser Prinz Eugen is a good candidate for the alleged fatal shot. Prinz Eugen's main battery was only 8”/60 caliber – her 270 lb shells were too small to have penetrated Hood's heavy belt armor. 
For decades, we have been favored with nonsense from pro-Germans about Hood's main deck armor being much weaker than Bismarck's (the true figures are 3” over the magazines for Hood and 4.7” for Bismarck) and Bismarck sinking her with plunging fire at long range. Bismarck, however, was photographed firing at Hood from the Prinz Eugen. As you can see from the photo, Bismarck's main battery is nowhere near maximum elevation. 
The Hun-loving editors of Wikipedia, BTW, still cannot bring themselves to acknowledge that the Bismarck was sunk by the Royal Navy. She was in fact finished off by torpedoes from the heavy cruiser HMS Dorsetshire, sinking shortly after the last torpedo hit, which Wikipedia would have us believe was a strange coincidence. HMS King George V 
As I have mentioned, the King George V class , of which Prince of Wales was a member, suffered from design limitations imposed by the Washington Treaty. They also suffered from several design flaws, which would not have been repeated in later classes and partly flowed from the lack of cash given to the Admiralty in the 1930s. 
They sacrificed AA firepower for spotter aircraft. Whilst the planes were well-protected in an armored hangar, it would have been better to rely on more powerful spotter/recon aircraft flown from escorting carriers. 
The 5.25” DP secondary armament was an excellent anti-destroyer weapon, probably the best ever deployed on a battleship, but had too poor a rate of fire (around 12-16 rounds per minute) to be an effective weapon against aircraft. The dedicated AA gun, the multiple 2-pounder 'pom-pom', was the best in the world when it came into service in the late 1920s, but had been overtaken by the 40-mil Bofors. The mounts were not tri-axially stabilized and the class lacked tachymetric AA fire-control. These specific weaknesses however afford no grounds for saying that battleships generally were unduly vulnerable to aircraft. So far to the contrary, they were better able to stand up to bombs and torpedoes than carriers, were more stable gun platforms, had better firing arcs (this was particularly true of the US Navy – the Iowa class had superb firing arcs for their secondary and AA armament, e.g., whereas the firing arcs on the Essex-class carriers were limited) and better fire-control. Unsurprisingly, US fast carrier task forces in the Pacific used battleships to protect carriers against aircraft. HMS Inflexible 
Of the five British capital ships sunk during World War II, two were unmodernised battlecruisers, two were probably sunk by IEDs and all five were betrayed in one way, shape or form. Without the assistance of the Abwehr, including interference by political assets in Number 10, the Cabinet Office and the Treasury with their design or modernisation, probably none of them would have been sunk at all. 
The US Navy had the right idea. What was needed was balanced all-arms task forces, combining battlewagons, carriers, cruisers and destroyers. Admiral Henderson of the Royal Navy had in fact come up with the idea of fast carrier task forces protected by capital ships in the Mediterranean in the 1930s, but the Royal Navy lacked enough fast battleships and carriers to really make it work until 1945, with the British Pacific Fleet 
Oh yes, we were in the Pacific alright , although the lack of defense expenditure and serious planning for war by pro-German weanies in Downing St before the war meant that it took three years for us to get there. Apart that is from our fine armored carrier HMS Victorious, which served briefly in the Pacific in 1943, flying USN squadrons, an episode which would make a fine war movie, if a movie-maker could be found with the guts to make it. 
President Reagan also had the right idea in reactivating the Iowa class in the 80s. Had the Royal Navy not been forced to scrap HMS Vanguard, our last battleship, by the German asset Harold Macmillan, it is doubtful that General Galtieri would even have started the war. HMS Vanguard Falklands War 
The very thought of that elegant and powerful fast battleship , virtually immune from the Exocet sea-skimming missiles (her belt armor was too strong for an Exocet to penetrate) emerging from the gloom of the South Atlantic to pulverise the Argentine Fleet or smash up Argentine forces ashore, would have given the Argies the willies. Vanguard's deck armor, BTW, would have been too strong for any bomb the Argentine Air Force could carry. 
No ship in the Argentine Navy could have remained operational after a single accurate broadside from HMS Vanguard, and she had fully-synthetic fire-control, i.e. could land her main battery guns on target whilst maneuvering. She was a formidable surface combatant. This Week's Movie Review: Jack Reacher: Never Go Back (2016, dir. Edward Zwick) 
This movie is huge fun . The first Jack Reacher movie, also starring Tom Cruise, was also huge fun, with the Bad Guys getting whacked all over the place. It's always nice to see dirty cops getting their come-uppance! We could do with Jack Reacher in Thames Valley. No jury would convict. 
Unusually for a sequel, this movie is as good as the original. If anything, it's even better. Tom Cruise is excellent as the lead, although it was a disappointment for me that Robert Duvall was not retained. He's one of my all-time favorite actors. Robert Knepper, as General Harkness, provides strong support, however, as does Cobie Smulders, who I think we'll be seeing again. 
The plot, based around bent military contractors, is more believable than most of the anti-military, anti-American rubbish emerging from liberal Hollywood, and the heroes come from the military. The movie moves at a cracking pace, and you are kept in suspense until the end about whether Jack is a father or not. I'm not going to spoil it for you by revealing the plot! It's well worth going to see.
ARTICLE

  David Swanson is an author, activist, journalist, and radio host. He is a 2015 Nobel Peace Prize Nominee. He is director of WorldBeyondWar.com and campaign coordinator for RootsAction.org . He hosts Talk Nation Radio . Talk Nation Radio is on VT Radio and is syndicated by Pacifica Network. The show also airs on WTJU, Charlottesville, VA; WCSX-Detroit, MI; KGHI, Westport, WA; WHUS, Storrs, CT; WPRR, Grand Rapids, MI; KRFP-LP, Moscow, ID; KZGM, Cabool, MO; KMUD, Garberville, CA; WAZU, Peoria, IL; WXRD, Crown Point, IN; Geneva Radio, Geneva, NY; KKRN, Round Mountain, CA; KSKQ-LP, Ashland, OR; WUOW-LP, Oneonta, NY; No Lies Radio, Pinole, CA; WYAP-LP, Clay, WV; The Detour, Johnson City, TN; WZRD, Chicago, IL; WEFT, Champaign, IL; WXPI, Pittsburgh, PA; WDRT, Viroqua, WI; Veracity Now, online; Liberty and Justice Radio, Shirley, MA; Ithaca Community Radio, Ithaca, NY; WMCB, Greenfield, MA; PRX.org; KAOS 89.3fm, Olympia, WA; WUSB 90.1 FM, Stony Brook, NY; WOOL-FM, Bellow Falls, Vermont; WSLR-LP 96.5 in Sarasota, Florida. He also blogs at DavidSwanson.org and WarIsACrime.org And is a prolific author. His latest books are; War Is A Lie , Daybreak: Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union , and When the World Outlawed War Swanson holds a master's degree in philosophy from the University of Virginia. He has worked as a newspaper reporter and as a communications director, with jobs including press secretary for Dennis Kucinich's 2004 presidential campaign, media coordinator for the International Labor Communications Association, and three years as communications coordinator for ACORN, the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now. Read his full and complete biography at DavidSwanson.org and also visit book site at War Is Crime . What Keeps the F-35 Alive By David Swanson on October 31, 2016 Petition to Stop F-35 Going Global 
by David Swanson 
Imagine if a local business in your town invented a brand new tool that was intended to have an almost magical effect thousands of miles away. However, where the tool was kept and used locally became an area unsafe for children. Children who got near this tool tended to have increased blood pressure and increased stress hormones, lower reading skills, poorer memories, impaired auditory and speech perception, and impaired academic performance. 
Most of us would find this situation at least a little concerning, unless the new invention was designed to murder lots of people. Then it'd be just fine. 
Now, imagine if this same new tool ruined neighborhoods because people couldn't safely live near it. Imagine if the government had to compensate people but kick them out of living near the location of this tool. Again, I think, we might find that troubling if mass murder were not the mission. 
Imagine also that this tool fairly frequently explodes, emitting highly toxic chemicals, particles, and fibers unsafe to breathe into the air for miles around. Normally, that'd be a problem. But if this tool is needed for killing lots of people, we'll work with its flaws, won't we? 
Now, what if this new gadget was expected to cost at least $1,400,000,000,000 over 50 years? And what if that money had to be taken away from numerous other expenses more beneficial for the economy and the world? What if the $1.4 trillion was drained out of the economy causing a loss of jobs and a radical diminuition of resources for education, healthcare, housing, environmental protection, or humanitarian aid? Wouldn't that be a worry in some cases, I mean in those cases where the ability to kill tons of human beings wasn't at stake? 
What if this product, even when working perfectly, was a leading destroyer of the earth's natural environment? 
What if this high-tech toy wasn't even designed to do what was expected of it and wasn't even able to do what it was designed for? 
Amazingly, even those shortcomings do not matter as long as the intention is massive murder and destruction. Then, all is forgiven. 
The tool I'm describing is called the F-35. At RootsAction.org you can find a new petition launched by locally-minded people acting globally in places where the F-35 is intended to be based. Also at that link you'll find explanations of how the tool I've been decribing is the F-35. 
The petition is directed to the United States Congress and the governments of Australia, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Turkey, the United Kingdom, Israel, Japan and South Korea from the world and from the people of Burlington, Vermont, and Fairbanks, Alaska, where the F-35 is to be based. This effort is being initiated by Vermont Stop the F35 Coalition, Save Our Skies Vermont, Western Maine Matters, Alaska Peace Center, University of Alaska Fairbanks Peace Club, North Star Chapter 146 Veterans For Peace, World Beyond War, RootsAction.org, Code Pink, and Ben Cohen. 
The petition reads: 
The F-35 is a weapon of offensive war, serving no defensive purpose. It is planned to cost the U.S. $1.4 trillion over 50 years. Because starvation on earth could be ended for $30 billion and the lack of clean drinking water for $11 billion per year, it is first and foremost through the wasting of resources that this airplane will kill. Military spending, contrary to popular misconception, also hurts the U.S. economy ( see here ) and other economies. The F-35 causes negative health impacts and cognitive impairment in children living near its bases. It renders housing near airports unsuitable for residential use. It has a high crash rate and horrible consequences to those living in the area of its crashes. Its emissions are a major environmental polluter. 
Wars are endangering the United States and other participating nations rather than protecting them. Nonviolent tools of law, diplomacy, aid, crisis prevention, and verifiable nuclear disarmament should be substituted for continuing counterproductive wars. Therefore, we, the undersigned, call for the immediate cancellation of the F-35 program as a whole, and the immediate cancellation of plans to base any such dangerous and noisy jets near populated areas. We oppose replacing the F-35 with any other weapon or basing the F-35 in any other locations. We further demand redirection of the money for the F-35 back into taxpayers' pockets, and into environmental and human needs in the U.S., other F-35 customer nations, and around the world, including to fight climate change, pay off student debt, rebuild crumbling infrastructure, and improve education, healthcare, and housing. 
Add your name . 
David Swanson is an author, activist, journalist, and radio host. He is director of WorldBeyondWar.org and campaign coordinator for RootsAction.org . Swanson's books include War Is A Lie . He blogs at DavidSwanson.org and WarIsACrime.org . He hosts Talk Nation Radio .He is a 2015 and 2016 Nobel Peace Prize Nominee. 
Follow him on Twitter: @davidcnswanson and FaceBook . 
Help support DavidSwanson.org, WarIsACrime.org, and TalkNationRadio.org by clicking here: http://davidswanson.org/donate .
ARTICLE

By Brig Asif H. Raja on October 31, 2016 
Asif Haroon Raja 
Editor's note: Both BG Raja and Imran Khan are VT followers and personal friends of the Senior Editor. This is a vital untold story. IK isn't returning emails and it would be nice to hear his side. Our bureau chief in Islamabad, Raja Mujtaba, has been gone for two years now, a huge loss for VT. 

Imran Khan (IK) and his partner Sheikh Rashid pursuing politics of agitation since mid-2014 are once again on a rampage and are determined to lock down Islamabad (Isbd) and seize power by force. Their tantrums have shot up the political temperature to a boiling point and has intensified uncertainty and insecurity. The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) Chief Minister Pervez Khattak along with PTI workers is exultantly moving in a convoy from Peshawar to reach Bani Gala and participate in the already declared November 2, D-Day for the final showdown with the government (govt) at D-chowk. He has puerilely given an ethnic color to his march by playing the Pashtun card. He and his convey has been greeted by the Punjab Police with tear gas shells at Attock Bridge and Hazro interchange. The PML-Q, PAT and PSP have pledged support to IK but from a distance. The PPP is gearing up to add fuel to fire. Maulana Fazlur Rahman led JUI-F has stood up in support of the beleaguered PML-N and has warned PTI that its march to Isbd will be contested. ANP, NP, QWP and MQM (P) sympathies are also with the ruling party. 
The fires of agitation lit by the PTI has spread to other cities as well. Containerization has taken the life of one army officer and one child and is causing great inconvenience to the dwellers of twin cities. Media is playing its usual negative role to keep the pot sizzling. One-seater Sheikh Rashid is being glorified and so is the bellicosity of IK, while govt's defensive acts are demeaned. Anchors and analysts are busy upping the ante and none seem to be interested in defusing the volatile situation. Hate campaign against NS and his family by the social media has touched new heights of slander. Political wrangling and filibustering is further damaging the image of Pakistan in the world and the cause of Kashmir. 
The master planners sitting in London, Washington, Tel Aviv and New Delhi are keeping their fingers crossed and are excitedly watching the gathering storm and hoping that the govt machinery in Isbd will be paralyzed and will force Nawaz Sharif (NS) to resign, or the Army to intervene and take over. India is incessantly throwing logs into the fire by heating up the LoC, while RAW-NDS are continuing with their covert operations in selected zones. Their major interest is to disrupt work on CPEC. 
Followers of IK are bubbling with enthusiasm and have gone hyper. Some were caught carrying weapons, ammunition, tear gas shells and bullet proof jackets. Most are carrying batons and young girls are equally aggressive. PTI's armed Tiger Force has been tasked to battle with the Police/FC if stopped. They are already seeing their charismatic leader wearing the crown and with Aladdin lamp in his hand removing all the chronic ailments of Pakistan in a flash. They are convinced that once he seizes power, milk and honey will start flowing in the rivers of Pakistan and miseries of the downtrodden will be alleviated. One reason of their euphoria is the apparent estrangement of the Army leadership over the security leak scandal. Their joys knew no bounds when Information Minister Pervez Rashid was sacked. It was seen as the beginning of the demise of NS Empire. It has further energized the PTI workers and they seem fully charged up to execute the orders of their Captain to lock down the capital city on November 2. IK has taken it as a last ditch battle. For him it is a do or die battle. He is once again expectantly looking towards Gen Raheel Sharif to raise his finger. 
Undoubtedly the security leak has suddenly become a bigger challenge for the govt than the IK threat. A high powered committee comprising of members from ISI, MI and IB will carry out in-depth investigation to trace out the culprits responsible for feeding the story and that too in twisted form to the Dawn newspaper, who were behind it, what was the motive, apportion blame and prescribe punishment. It is to be seen where the trail ends. Absence of the author of the controversial story Cyril Almeida will make things difficult for the investigators. 
Unlike its defensive stance to the 2014 sit-in, which had lingered on for 126 days without any outcome, this time the govt is in a defiant mood and is flexing its muscles to go to any length to defeat the sinister plans of the invaders. Containers have been placed on all entry points of Isbd and along Peshawar-Isbd road and along Bani Gala road. Large contingents of the police and paramilitary troops have been deployed while the army has been alerted to be prepared to defend Isbd under Article 245. At the moment, the entire leadership of PTI have got stranded in IK residence at Bani Gala. NS has addressed two public meetings in KP and his tone and tenor gave no sign of nervousness. Rather he was quite confident to win next elections in 2018 on the strength of his achievements and dismal performance of PTI in KP and PPP in Sindh. The govt side is of the view that there is no reason for IK to agitate when the Supreme Court has accepted his petition and NS has been summoned on account of Panama scandal. They say, PTI youth wing violated the curfew imposed under Section 144 CrPC and also defied Isbd High Court restraining order not to create mayhem. 
Pervez Rashid was in bad books of IK and his colleagues due to his counter jibes whenever IK lambasted NS. But he was not the most sought target. His unceremonious exit or an in-house change doesn't fulfil the ambition of IK to become the PM. He desires that NS should be booted out or he quits voluntarily irrespective of the fact that his name does not appear in the list of account holders in Off Shore Company. He has no idea what is in store for him if NS is forced to throw in his towel. In all likelihood, the ruckus in the aftermath of NS departure will drown IK's ambitions. It cannot be denied that NS is still the most popular leader and he has many feathers in his cap. His 3 rd time premature boot out will make him a political martyr and will not be taken lightly by his fans in Punjab. Baluchistan govt and JUI-F would also not welcome his ouster particularly when he had presented him and his family for accountability and the matter was with the courts. 
The situation will become ripe for chaos which outside powers have all along been trying to foment. The Army may have to grudgingly step in to restore semblance of order. In the wake of tense geo-political environment, terrorism, acute polarization, feudal mindset, partisanship, parochialism and secular-Islamic divide, it will not be possible for the Army to restore order and hold elections within three months as prescribed in the constitution. Supposedly, if elections do take place within 3 months, PML-N will surely win the race and perhaps PTI may lose KP as well. 
Elections without reforms will otherwise be an exercise in futility. The Army will perforce have to stretch its rule to 3-5 years if not more to be able to take Operation Zarb-e-Azb, Rangers operation in Karachi, FC operation in Baluchistan and ongoing combing operation to their logical ends; to implement the National Action Plan in letter and spirit, and to complete the vital project of CPEC. Additionally it will have to carry out following reforms for a better morrow and for enabling environment for true democracy to flourish: 1. Electoral, political, police, bureaucracy, judicial, education, media reforms. 2. Breaking the nexus between crime, politics, terrorism and corruption. 3. Effective accountability system. 4. Cleansing the Aegean Stables. 
All this will be possible only when there is strict martial law and politicians of all hues are kept at bay. Will this arrangement be acceptable to IK? If he is prepared to wait for 5 years, why not hold on for 1 ½ years and contest the 2018 elections and win the coveted crown!! Moreover, what is the guarantee that the Army will be able to put everything right since it was not able to do so in the past? Things may become messier. Memory of our people is very short lived. Soon they will forget the ills of NS and his good deeds will be recalled with fondness and the Army will be put on the mat with a vengeance as had happened during the four military rules. True to their tradition, anti-Pakistan foreign powers will be behind the anti-Army campaign. Political destabilization suit the conspirators since it makes it easier for them to exert pressure and dictate terms. It is indeed most unfortunate that our politicians are fighting for power among each other, while the media and so-called educated lot are supporting their favorite political leaders and feel no qualm in passing lecherous and insulting remarks against their opponents. Preferably, all our guns should be collectively firing at our enemies who are bent upon breaking up Pakistan. 
The writer is a retired Brig, war veteran, defence analyst, columnist, author of 5 books, Vice Chairman Thinkers Forum Pakistan, DG Measac Research Centre, Member Executive Council PESS. asifharoonraja@gmail.com Related Posts:
ARTICLE

October Boomerang ‹ › David Swanson is an author, activist, journalist, and radio host. He is a 2015 Nobel Peace Prize Nominee. He is director of WorldBeyondWar.com and campaign coordinator for RootsAction.org . He hosts Talk Nation Radio . Talk Nation Radio is on VT Radio and is syndicated by Pacifica Network. The show also airs on WTJU, Charlottesville, VA; WCSX-Detroit, MI; KGHI, Westport, WA; WHUS, Storrs, CT; WPRR, Grand Rapids, MI; KRFP-LP, Moscow, ID; KZGM, Cabool, MO; KMUD, Garberville, CA; WAZU, Peoria, IL; WXRD, Crown Point, IN; Geneva Radio, Geneva, NY; KKRN, Round Mountain, CA; KSKQ-LP, Ashland, OR; WUOW-LP, Oneonta, NY; No Lies Radio, Pinole, CA; WYAP-LP, Clay, WV; The Detour, Johnson City, TN; WZRD, Chicago, IL; WEFT, Champaign, IL; WXPI, Pittsburgh, PA; WDRT, Viroqua, WI; Veracity Now, online; Liberty and Justice Radio, Shirley, MA; Ithaca Community Radio, Ithaca, NY; WMCB, Greenfield, MA; PRX.org; KAOS 89.3fm, Olympia, WA; WUSB 90.1 FM, Stony Brook, NY; WOOL-FM, Bellow Falls, Vermont; WSLR-LP 96.5 in Sarasota, Florida. He also blogs at DavidSwanson.org and WarIsACrime.org And is a prolific author. His latest books are; War Is A Lie , Daybreak: Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union , and When the World Outlawed War Swanson holds a master's degree in philosophy from the University of Virginia. He has worked as a newspaper reporter and as a communications director, with jobs including press secretary for Dennis Kucinich's 2004 presidential campaign, media coordinator for the International Labor Communications Association, and three years as communications coordinator for ACORN, the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now. Read his full and complete biography at DavidSwanson.org and also visit book site at War Is Crime . All Governments Lie, The Movie By David Swanson on October 31, 2016 A Film About Liars and the Journalists That Expose Them 
By David Swanson 
Picture, if you will, video footage of vintage (early 2016) Donald Trump buffoonery with the CEO of CBS Leslie Moonves commenting on major media's choice to give Trump vastly more air time than other candidates: 'It may not be good for America, but it's damn good for CBS.” 
That's the introduction to a powerful critique of the U.S. media. A new film screens in New York and Los Angeles this week called All Governments Lie: Truth, Deception, and the Spirit of I.F. Stone . 
The website AllGovernmentsLie.com has screening dates , a list of lies , and a list of good journalists who expose lies . The lists on the website are not identical to the content of the film, but there's a good deal of overlap — enough to give you a sense of what this project is about. 
I'd have made various changes and additions to the film. In particular, I'm tired of all the focus on Iraq 2003. This film touches on war lies since then, but still gives that one particular set of war lies prominence. 
Still, this is a film that should be shown in cities, homes, and classrooms across the United States. It includes and is driven by Noam Chomsky's analysis of how the media system is 'rigged” without those doing the rigging believing they've done anything at all. It's a survey of skullduggery by corporate media. It's an introduction to numerous journalists far superior to the norm. And it's an introduction to I.F. Stone. It includes footage of a presentation of the annual Izzy Award which goes to journalists acting in Stone's tradition. 
One of the lies listed in the film and on the website is that of the Gulf of Tonkin (non-)Incident. Anyone paying attention knows of it now as a war lie. And it was a transparent war lie at the time in a particular sense. That is: had the North Vietnamese really shot back at a U.S. ship off their coast, that would not have been any sort of legal, much less moral, justification for escalating a war. I'd love it if people could grasp that logic and apply it to the Black Sea, the Red Sea, and every other part of the earth today. 
But the Gulf of Tonkin lies about Vietnamese aggression against the U.S. ships innocently patrolling and firing off the coast of Vietnam were not transparent to people with faith in the U.S. role of Global Policeman. Someone had to make the lies transparent. Someone had to document that in fact the Secretary of So-Called Defense and the President were lying. Sadly, nobody did that in the first 24 hours after the Congressional committee hearings, and that was all it took for Congress to hand the president a war. 
And it was decades before White House transcripts came out and before the National Security Agency confessed, and additional years before former Secretary Robert McNamara did. Yet, those revelations simply confirmed what people paying attention knew. And they knew it because of I.F. Stone who just weeks after the (non-)incident published a four-page edition of his weekly newsletter exclusively about Tonkin. 
Stone's analysis is useful in looking at the incident or lack thereof this past month in the Red Sea off Yemen. And in fact it is to Yemen that Stone immediately turned on page 1 in 1964. The United Nations, including its U.S. ambassador, had recently condemned British attacks on Yemen that Britain defended as retaliatory. President Dwight Eisenhower had also warned the French against retaliatory attacks on Tunisia. And President Lyndon Johnson, even at the time of Tonkin, Stone notes, was warning Greece and Turkey not to engage in retaliatory attacks on each other. 
Stone, who tended to look even at written laws that nobody else paid any heed to, pointed out that three of them banned these sorts of attacks: the League of Nations Covenant, the Kellogg-Briand Pact, and the U.N. Charter. The latter two are still theoretically in place for the U.S. government. 
The United States in Vietnam, Stone goes on to show, could not have been innocently attacked but itself admitted to having already sunk a number of Vietnamese boats. And indeed the U.S. ships, Stone reports, were in North Vietnamese waters and were there to assist South Vietnamese ships that were shelling two North Vietnamese islands. And in fact those ships had been supplied to South Vietnam by the U.S. military and the good old American tax payers. 
Stone did not have access to closed committee hearings, but he hardly needed it. He considered the assertions made in speeches by the only two senators who voted against the war. And then he looked for any rejoinders by the chairmen of the committees. He found their denials to be non-denials and nonsensical. It made no sense that the U.S. ships simply happened to be randomly hanging around in the vicinity of the South Vietnamese ships. Stone didn't believe it. 
Stone also filled in the background information. The United States had been supporting guerrilla attacks on North Vietnam for years prior to the non-incident. And Stone raised numerous suspicions, including the question of why the U.S. ships had supposedly made sure they were out in international waters for the (non-)incident to (not) occur, and the question of why in the world Vietnam would take on the United States military (something nobody could explain, though Eugene McCarthy proposed that perhaps they had been bored). 
Missing from the film and website of All Governments Lie is I.F. Stone's work on lies about the outbreak of the Korean War. We've learned more since he wrote it, but seen little more insightful, relevant, or timely for our understanding of Korea and the world today. 
David Swanson is an author, activist, journalist, and radio host. He is director of WorldBeyondWar.org and campaign coordinator for RootsAction.org . Swanson's books include War Is A Lie . He blogs at DavidSwanson.org and WarIsACrime.org . He hosts Talk Nation Radio .He is a 2015 and 2016 Nobel Peace Prize Nominee. 
Follow him on Twitter: @davidcnswanson and FaceBook . 
Help support DavidSwanson.org, WarIsACrime.org, and TalkNationRadio.org by clicking here: http://davidswanson.org/donate .
ARTICLE

By Jonas E. Alexis on October 31, 2016 Thomas Friedman of the New York Times: The plan for war in Iraq 'was disseminated by a small group of 25 or 30 neoconservatives, almost all of them Jewish, almost all of them intellectuals..." …by Jonas E. Alexis 

If you don't think that the New World Order and its agents believe in conspiracy theory, or if you don't think that they are actually scared of Russia and are looking for World War III, think again. Listen to Alex Lockie of Business Insider very carefully here: 
'Russia now challenges the West in virtually every arena possible, with cyberattacks, nuclear posturing, military invasions of Western-leaning countries, and the intimidation of US allies and neutral states.” [1] 
Throughout his article, Lockie didn't even attempt to present rigorous evidence for this bold claim, and we know why. As we have seen over and over again, the New World Order and its agents do not believe in evidence at all. They do not believe in rigorous testing or logical argument, which is (or was) one of the main pillars of the West, going all the way back to Plato. 
The New World Order and its agents believe in manipulation, fabrications, hoaxes, and just plain lies. They have a history of doing just that: in World War I, in World War II, in Iraq, in Afghanistan, in Libya, and now in Syria. They still think that they can manipulate the masses at will. 
Lockie cites Jeffrey Lewis of Arms Control Wonk saying, 
'We've seen the failure of democratic institutions in Russia. It's not the open and free society that we had hoped for at the end of the Cold War, and with that failure comes an insecurity on the part of Moscow's leaders.” [2] 
We all know this is nonsense by now. If the West or at least America believes in democracy, we wouldn't have the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan because the vast majority of Americans didn't want them. [3] But a small group of people known as the Neoconservatives decided to advance perpetual wars in the Middle East for Israel. [4] 
And if you think this is conspiracy stuff, take it from flaming Zionist Thomas Friedman of the New York Times . He told Haaretz way back in 2003 that that the plan for war in Iraq 'was disseminated by a small group of 25 or 30 neoconservatives, almost all of them Jewish, almost all of them intellectuals (a partial list: Richard Perle, Paul Wolfowitz, Douglas Feith, William Kristol, Elliott Abrams, Charles Krauthammer), people who are mutual friends and cultivate one another and are convinced that political ideas are a major driving force of history. 'They believe that the right political idea entails a fusion of morality and force, human rights and grit. The philosophical underpinnings of the Washington neoconservatives are the writings of Machiavelli, Hobbes and Edmund Burke.” [ 5] 
Read those statements very carefully again. Just 25 or 30 Neoconservatives decided to send America, which had about 290 million people in 2003, to Iraq! And we all know what happened then. There are some people on the lunatic fringe who keep saying that the war was a success, but we can ignore those people because they do not know what they are talking about. YouTube - Veterans Today - 
Paul Wolfowitz was so aggressive about invading Iraq that one Republican lawmaker declared Wolfowitz 'was like a parrot bringing [Iraq] up all the time. It was getting on the President's nerves.” [6] After one such meeting in Washington, we are told that Colin Powell rolled his eyes, declaring, 'Jeez, what a fixation about Iraq.” [7] 
Kenneth R. Weinstein of the Hudson Institute, a Neoconservative think tank, noted that in May of 2003, 'we Neoconservatives were hailed as great visionaries.” But when the war turned out to be a disaster, 'Now we are embattled, both within the conservative movement and in the battle over postwar planning.” [8] 
In any event, we know that Iraq was a disaster. But Alex Lockie does not want to talk about that because that would ruin his career or his ideological weltanschauung . If people know that it was only about 30 people who orchestrated the war in Iraq, then obviously they will realize that we are not living in a democracy at all—at least the kind of democracy that the regime itself is perpetuating. 
And if Lockie wants to talk about democracy, why are we still in Syria? Does he really think that the vast majority of Americans again support that war? What is his assessment on democracy? Does he really think that democracy can work without the moral law and political order? 
Lockie will never address these issues in a logical fashion. He writes, 'Democracy provides countries like the US with a stable, established path for power changing hands.” [9] If you usually get your entertainment by reading nonsense and contradiction in the media, perhaps it is time for you to grab your munchies and read Locike's statement again and chew on it a bit. 
Can Lockie really tell us that America has been really democratic even for the past seventy years or so? And why is Lockie silent about the so-called Syrian rebels killing civilians? [10] It has been reported that 'Over 16,000 Syrians killed by US-backed rebels since February.” [11] Where is Lockie when you really need him? 
You see, Lockie hasn't even made an attempt to answer those issues. Perhaps this is why he is a slave to his own political passion and appetite. Perhaps this is why he has implicitly or indirectly given allegiance to the New World Order.
ARTICLE

LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Iraqi Army: US Hindering Advance on Mosul By GPD on October 31, 2016 TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi army blasted the US for troubling its Mosul liberation operation through electronic jamming to disrupt the communication among various army units. 'The US army troops have disrupted communication among Iraqi forces participating in the Mosul liberation operation,” the Iraqi army reported. Iraq's joint military forces, including the Hash Al-Shaabi (popular forces), started their military operation in Western Mosul on Saturday to recapture Tal Afar and also prevent terrorists from fleeing to Syria. The Iraqi parliament's Security and Defense Committee, meantime, confirmed that the advances of the Iraqi volunteer forces to the West of the city of Mosul has foiled the US plot to help the ISIL terrorists to flee to Syria. 'Hashd al-Shaabi's efforts in the biggest military operation in Mosul city blocked the US aid to senior ISIL commanders' escape to Syria from the Western part of Mosul city. The parliamentary committee underlined that Washington intended to repeat the Fallujah scenario and help the ISIL commanders to escape to Syria. Earlier on Monday afternoon, the first units of the Iraqi army entered the strategic al-Karama region Southeastern Mosul. Al-Karama is the first region of Mosul city that the Iraqi army has entered after the city fell to the ISIL terrorists in July 2014. Earlier on Monday, Iraq's joint military forces kicked off a new round of military operations from three directions towards the Eastern parts of Mosul after seizing control over a vast swathe of land in the surrounding areas of the city in Nineveh province. 'The Iraqi forces started moving towards the Eastern bank of the Tigris river near Mosul city,” the Arabic-language media reported. The military operation towards the Eastern part of Mosul started on the 15th day of the Mosul liberation operation. Meantime, the Iraqi sources disclosed that the ISIL has laid mines and stationed snipers on the Eastern bank of the Tigris river. On Sunday, Spokesman of the Iraqi Volunteer Forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) Ahmad al-Assadi announced that the country's joint military forces had seized back tens of villages since the start of the Mosul liberation operation about two weeks ago. 'Iraq's joint military forces have seized back 100 villages from the ISIL on the West of the city of Mosul,” al-Assadi said. He noted that a sum of 20 bomb-laden vehicles of the ISIL have also been destroyed to the West of Mosul over the past 12 days. Also on Sunday, local sources said ISIL has broadly planted bombs in toys and other attractive objects for children and civilians in areas they leave as Iraqi joint forces continue their advances in the military operations to liberate Mosul from the terror group grip. 'ISIL used toys because they know the Peshmerga will not touch it, but children will,” said Colonel Nawzad Kamil Hassan, an engineer who says his unit has cleared more than 50 tons of explosives from areas once controlled by the militants. In the areas where ISIL rules for, the group has attempted to plant bomb before its retreat. A toy, a playing card and an abandoned watch are all detonators designed to spark the acquisitive curiosity of a returning civilian, who would be maimed or murdered by the explosion. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by GPD on October 31, 2016, With 148 Reads Filed under Investigations . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

Gamechanger: Russia successfully tests its first-ever hypersonic weapon ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Syrian War Report – October 31, 2016: Al-Nusra-led Forces Failed to Break Aleppo Siege By South Front on October 31, 2016 …from SouthFront 
As SouthFront forecasted on October 28, the Jaish al-Fatah militant coalition, led by Jabhat Fatah al-Sham (formerly Jabhat al-Nusra, the Syrian Al-Qaeda branch) has not been able to deliver a devastating blow to the Syrian government forces and to break the siege of eastern Aleppo. 
After the initial success based on massive usage of VBIEDs and a lack of support by the Russian Aerospace Forces (President Vladimir Putin declined the general staff's request to deliver air strikes in Aleppo area), Jaish al-Fatah stalled in the trench warfare in non-populated urban areas. Fatah al-Sham-led attempt to cut off the Ithriyah-Aleppo Highway also failed. 
The Syrian military also deployed reinforcements from the Syrian Army Tiger Forces and its commander, Major General Suheil Al Hassan, arrived the city to coordinate military operations against the joint terrorist forces. Hezbollah and Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba were set to assist to Al Hassan-led operations. 
By October 31, Al Hassan–led forces, supported by the Syrian Air Force, have repelled attacks on the Minyan area and the 3000 Apartment Project, retaken the al-Assad Neighborhood and made a series of counter-attacks in the 1070 Apartment Project. 
Since the start of Aleppo offensive, Jaish al-Fatah has lost about 120 fighters, 7 armored vehicles, 19 VBIEDs, 7 'technical' vehicles, 2 battle tanks and 2 artillery pieces. The government forces have lost about 45 fighters, 3 battle tanks, 2 'technical' vehicles, 1 Shilka vehicle. 
Separately, the pro-government forces liberated Tal Qarah, Kafr Qaris, Tal Susin, Fafin, Babinnis, Tal Shair and the Infantry School from ISIS in northeastern Aleppo. The advance was synchronized with operations of the Kurdish YPG in the same area. 
On October 30, the army and the NDF liberated the town of Tell Kurdi and the area of Tell Sawwan in Eastern Ghouta near the Syrian capital, Damascus. These areas had been controlled by the Jaish al-Islam militant group. The liberation of Tell Kurdi and Tell Sawwan decreases significantly the militant-controlled area near Damascus and sets a foothold for advance on Duma, the last major militant stronghold in the region. 
On October 28, the government forces took control of the Air Defense Battalion hill between Deir Khabiyan and the 137th Regiment in Western Ghouta and splitted the militant-controlled area into two separate pockets. Next days the army and the NDF continued offensive operations in the direction of Khan Shih. On October 31, the government delegation arrived to the town to negotiate with members of the FSA, Jaish al-Islam and Jabhat Fatah al-Sham terms and conditions of their surrender. 
Three Russian attack submarines armed Kalibr cruise missiles have joined a Russian naval taskforce heading towards Syria. The Royal Navy has been reportedly tracking two nuclear-powered Akula-class submarines and a diesel-powered Kilo-class submarine. The subs entered the North Atlantic from portsaround Murmansk and joined the Admiral Kuznetsov battle group as it sailed down the North Sea last week. The Kuznetsov and its battlegroup are now off the north African coast. The mainstream media speculates that the subs will deliver missile strikes on peaceful targets in Aleppo city. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on October 31, 2016, With 245 Reads Filed under WarZone . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on October 31, 2016 
The UN's special envoy for Syria has condemned militants' deadly rocket attacks on residential areas of western Aleppo. 
Staffan de Mistura said, in a statement, the U-N has credible reports civilians have been killed in the attacks. De Misutra blamed the militants for the attacks, calling them relentless and indiscriminate. His reaction came after at least seven civilians, including three children died in Aleppo as a result of the shelling. 
Syrian media say several were also wounded amid relentless shelling by terrorists on civilian targets in Western Aleppo. Foreign-backed terrorists have stepped up attacks across Aleppo, bringing the total number of civilians killed in the past two days to over 40. The Syrian observatory for Human Rights confirmed 14 children are among the dead and another 250 civilians have been wounded in the terrorist shelling. Fighting has stepped up in Aleppo, with around 15 hundred terrorists massing around the western edges of the flashpoint city. Government forces and allied fighters have successfully managed to foil any advance by the terrorists. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on October 31, 2016, With 158 Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

Syrian War Report – October 31, 2016: Al-Nusra-led Forces Failed to Break Aleppo Siege ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board China unveils advanced J-20 stealth fighter in fly over at air show By GPD on November 1, 2016 China has showcased its new J-20 stealth fighter in southern Guangdong Province's city of Zhuhai in a spectacular fly over at Air Show China, the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers. 
Two J-20s, China's fifth-generation jets, swept over hundreds of spectators at the show's opening ceremony in a 60-second flyby on Tuesday. The J-20 is a long-range radar-evading fighter jet equipped with air-to-air missiles. China has reportedly already produced six prototypes of the new stealth fighter, which is expected to add greatly to China's offensive and defensive capabilities. The J-20, manufactured by Chengdu Aircraft Industries Corporation, is an original Chinese project. China carried out the first test flight of the J-20 back in 2011, but it made its public debut at today's airshow. It is expected to be deployed with the Chinese Air Force within the next two to three years. 
Bloggers have been comparing the J-20 with the US military's Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor ever since it was been first tested. The fifth-generation fighter resembles the F-22 Raptor in terms of appearance, but is equipped with a different engine. 
According to TASS news agency, it is fitted with Russian AL-31FM2 turbofan engines, but China reportedly plans to equip it with its own engines in the near future. Most of the tactical and technical characteristics of new stealth fighter have been kept secret, however. 
Meanwhile, China is also working on another stealth jet program, the J-31, which is reported to be a Chinese response to the American F-35 Lightning II. China is the only country apart from the United States that has two concurrent stealth aircraft development programs going at the moment. Both the J-20 and J-31 programs are believed to be aimed at supporting China in taking more assertive stances in territorial disputes with its neighbors over the East and South China Seas. 
Besides China, only the US and Russian Air Forces have fifth generation stealth fighters at their disposal at present. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by GPD on November 1, 2016, With 239 Reads Filed under Military . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

Syrian War Report – October 31, 2016: Al-Nusra-led Forces Failed to Break Aleppo Siege ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Pressure on Taliban leaders, makes Afghan Issue more Complex By GPD on November 1, 2016 
Nazar Mohammad Mutmaeen for Veterans Today 
Afghan writer and political Analyst based in Kabul 
Two years ago, I had heard from the important Afghan officials and politicians that if the former leaders (old generation) of the Taliban were eliminated, their new (young) generation would become split, the Taliban would become weakened and eventually, they would become ready to have talks and even join with the Afghan government. 
In past two years, the leaders of the Taliban became targeted on the other side of the Durand Line in various occasions; the leader of the Taliban, Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Mansour came under attack and became killed; meanwhile, Mullah Mohammad Hassan Rahmani, member of the Taliban Leading Council and Mullah Said Mohammad Haqqani, the deputy head of Taliban's Information and Culture Commission died as a result of illness. Earlier, Mullah Obaidullah Akhud, former Defense Minister of the Taliban and Ustad Mohammad Yasir, head of Taliban's Information and Culture Commission passed away due to torture in Pakistan's prisons. 
Mullah Ahmadullah Nanai, member of the Taliban Leading Council became arrested by Pakistan, and thus, some other leaders of the Taliban moved up to an uncertain location and have endured the security threats there. 
Said Mohammad Tayyib Agha, former head of the Qatar Office [Taliban's Political Office based in Qatar], Mawlawi Neik Mohammad, member of the Taliban Leading Council and the Qatar Office and Hafiz Azizurrahman, member of the Qatar Office resigned and became retired as well. 
Discussions on the jurisdiction of the Taliban's Political Office based in Qatar are going on; besides that, there is not any specific policy of the jurisdiction of the representatives of the Taliban that are in touch with Central Asian, Arabic and some European, regional and neighboring countries. 
What if the two years old plan of the U.S., Pakistan and the Afghan government is right; the plan which was about targeting and eliminating the Taliban's leaders in order for the power to become transferred to the new generation of the Taliban; and, then the efforts on dividing the Taliban would have made in order for the Taliban, when they are in weaker position, to become ready to have peace and then join with the Afghan government. 
The Afghan people have positive thoughts about the recent reports on peace which were broadcasted by domestic and international media. The Afghan nation is tired of war and it becomes content with effort on peace. However, there are signs observed that there are still some circles that try to implement the former plan in order for way to be paved for the division of the Taliban. 
I am inclined that if the leaders of the Taliban who have almost 20-year experience of Afghan politics and situation in the country are eliminated, we would remain at war and then, we would never see the dawn of the peace; the best example in this regard is presence of various parities during Jihad (holy war) against the Soviet Union, which later caused the Afghan nation to taste the civil war. 
Considering the current situation, it seems that the international policy is in change regarding the parties involved in the Afghan matter. On a hand, the Taliban are under pressure from different sides and ways and from the other hand, the situation in the National Unity Government of Afghanistan (NUG) is so deteriorated. Moreover, the incidents similar to Ghor's tragedy that caused more than 30 civilians to be killed by gunmen on 25/26 October are probable to be repeated in the areas where different races or proponents of Jamiat e Islami and Jonbesh parties or Hazaras along with other ethnicities live together. 
Disputes Over Power Among NUG's Leaders 
Disputes between President Ghani, Chief Executive, Abdullah and First Vice President, Dostum are on peak; the disputes leaked to media; the Chief Executive mentioned the wounded situation of Dostum in the Afghan cabinet; however, Dostum made rigorous remarks against Abdullah; recently, President Ghani and Chief Executive, Abdullah became accused of nationalism and monopoly by Dostum. 
The remarks of Dostum carried out reactions from the Presidential Palace, the members of the Parliament, Afghan politicians and civil societies. 
Rasheed Dotum put allegations on the National Directorate of Security (NDS) and National Security Council (NSC) and consider that they have hidden hand in the incident where the convey of Dostum came under the attack by the Taliban in Faryab province which caused a lot of causalities to Dostum's fighters. 
After the Brussels Conference, President Ghani wanted to bring changes in the Afghan cabinet and important governmental bodies, to remove some cabinet ministers and replace them with others, because the Afghan government had promised the international donors that it will bring positive reforms in the government; however, President Ghani faced opposition from the Chief Executive because Abdullah wants 50% of share in these new changes as well. The Chief Executive had threatened that if Ghani hired Nader Naderi as the head of Afghanistan Independent Administrative Reform and Civil Service Commission (IARCSC), then, the Chief Executive would introduce the head of the Independent Directorate of Local Governance (IDLG) which propose and suggest provincial governors. 
Perhaps, President Ghani might have promised the international community regarding the removal or displacement of Dostum; that's why Dostum publicly criticizes President Ghani, head of NSC, Haneef Atmar and head of NDS, Masoum Stanekzai. 
Whenever Dostum was attending the north of Afghanistan in the past, he was directly supported by NSC and Americans, and it was tried to oppress the people of a specific race there in order for them to become obligated to take weapon, and a result, for the war to become severed in the north under the banner of Daesh (ISIS). 
Some Turkish sources indicates that the failed coup of Turkey was planned by two Turk generals with the cooperation of America and NATO in Afghanistan; Turkish sources claim that two billion dollars were given to two Turk generals; this amount was first transferred to an African country and then to Turkey in order for it to be distributed among Turk generals for the successful army coup. The coup became failed by Turkish leader, Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his friends and this caused the relations between Turkey and the U.S. to become deteriorated. The impact of Turkey on Dostum cannot be neglected; a visit to Turkey became planned for Dostum and he went there; after his return, Dostum was not so enthusiastic, as he was in the past, to cooperate with the U.S. to carry out the project of making new armed groups in the north of Afghanistan. Thus, the U.S. Air Forces (USAF) did not cooperate with Dostum in Faryab at the level they were doing it in the past, and as a result, Dostum, as in the past, returned back to Kabul disappointed and failed. Even more, the Afghan government has said that it has considered the complaints regarding people's oppression by Dostum and his militia in the area. 
Before the failed military coup of Turkey, relations between this country and Russia were deteriorated and the reason were: Annexation of Ukraine's Crimea, where a lot of Turks live; interference of Russia in Syria and Russia's skepticism on Turkish role alongside the U.S. in supporting ISIS. 
Russia had doubts that Turkey might help Islamist warriors in Central Asia's Caucasia, Chechen and Crimea, and perhaps, Dostum would also help Turks in this process. On the other side, Turks were skeptic that Russians might support PKK in order for a barrier in front of Turkey to be created. 
After the failed military coup in Turkey, Turks hold America and Fethullah Gulen, the opponent of Turkish government living in the U.S. responsible for the coup, which made Turkey to rebuild its ties with Russia. However, as Turkey has close and powerful immemorial ties with Dostum; therefore, the ties between Turkey and Russia would be the reason that caused First Vice President, Dostum to step back from the U.S. project on making new armed group in the north of Afghanistan. 
It is said that a secret deal had been made with President Ghani and Dostum in the latest days of the second round of the 2014 Presidential Elections; some unconfirmed reports indicates that Dostum asked President Ghani in the latest days of the second round of the 2014 Presidential Elections to provide him with 10 million USD; Many negotiations were made between Ghani and Dostum in this regard; eventually, Ghani had to give 9 million USD to Dostum. When Ghani wanted to share the issue of 9 million dollars of his support with Dostum to his proponents in Jawzjan, Dostum grabbed the microphone and did not let Ghani to complete his word in order for the secret deal not to become disclosed. For that reason, disputes raised between Ghani and Dostum in Jawzjan, and other leaders of the campaign mediated between them. 
It is thought that Ghani gets revenge of those 9 million dollars and that dispute, that's why the President might not provide the First Vice President with his authorities. 
The problem is that it is not the first time that the U.S. and Afghan politicians trust, regarding achieving their goals, in someone who does not have fame on domestic, regional and even international level; this game is repeated in Kabul from the era of Dr. Najeebullah to the Ghani's Administration; whenever, the war criminals are trusted, it is indispensable that the government and the Afghan people are faced tragedies and problems. 
Briefly, the rumors on that President Ghani monopolizes power, decreases the power and authority of his team, vice presidents, ministers, advisors and governors are increasing; moreover, it is also heard that he personally appoints the directors and deputy directors in the ministries. 
Johns Nocholson's Remarks on ISIS 
The remarks of top US and NATO Commander in Afghanistan, General John Nicholson on that the main reason behind weakness of Afghan army is incorrect and weak management and that ISIS is strengthening in Afghanistan and that this country would be turned in to a powerful station of ISIS in the region, raise concerns. 
John Nicholson said that the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan is attempting to Khorasan Caliphate in the north of Afghanistan under the leadership of ISIS and added that warriors from the other side of the Durand Line (Pakistan) are willing to join fighter with them, also. 
Each time the U.S. officials met Pakistani authorities, they made remarks on ISIS in Afghanistan; and Russian are concerned about the involvement of Pakistan, U.K and U.S. in the phenomenon of ISIS/Daesh. 
The people of Afghanistan are concerned about the appearance of some unidentified gunmen in the country's northern provinces, and probably, Badakhshan and Kunduz would have the position of today's northern and southern Waziristan; these areas would be intentionally turned into main centers of insecurities. 
The remarks of John Nicholson are considerable; the U.S., on international level, announce that the fighters of ISIS are eliminated and this group is about to lapse; on the other hand, the general commander of NATO and U.S. forces in Afghanistan, surprisingly, makes remarks on strengthening of ISIS in Afghanistan. 
A few months ago, President Ghani, during his remarks in Nangrahar, province the people of Nangrahar with good news that ISIS is defeated and it is about destroy; however, after some numbered days, ISIS showed its activities and even made group assaults on Pachiragam district of Nangarhar. 
Efforts on Peace 
Reliable sources indicate that there would not be any improvement in the Afghan peace process from the Obama Administration, and making new policies regarding the Afghan peace and war are responsibility of the new administration. In addition, Obama does not have the authority to make major decisions anymore, according to the U.S. law. 
The Obama Administration has promised the Afghan government that it would support this weak government and would not let it to fall. 
Domestic and international reports on recent talks between the Taliban and the U.S. need be thought about. The involved parties in the Afghan matter are required to have a clear strategy and framework regarding the negotiations. Taliban has made some major political mistakes in last five years; they had not got any written agreement with involved parties during the inauguration of the Qatar Office, the Taliban could not get the needed use of the Karzai's opposition against the bases of American forces in Afghanistan, and also, the Taliban had not got the official or written guarantee from Dr. Ashraf Ghani in their meeting with him before the second round of the 2014 Presidential Elections. 
Afghan people needs real peace, not if, this time, the U.S. and other involved parties initiated a new game under the banner of peace negotiations. In the case, the U.S. policy for now is that it cannot have a clear position regarding the Afghan peace process until its new government takes power in 2017. 
The Afghan sides are required not to trust a lot in neighboring and other foreign counties; however, it is needed to have face-to-face talks with the U.S., as an important party of the war; their [Americans] concerns should be answered, too; nonetheless, the best and the easiest way to peace is inter-Afghan understanding and dialogue; and besides that, having neighboring countries as bail and attracting international support in improvement of the peace process is mandatory. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by GPD on November 1, 2016, With 95 Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

First published October 31, 2016 
Iraq is going to invade and destroy Saudi Arabia. They would have done it back in 1990 except for waffling by George H.W. Bush who had initially authorized the move and then rescinded approval, according to statements made by former Congressman Ron Paul, based on WikiLeaks State Department hacks. 
Saddam was blocked in 1990, and that may well have been a huge mistake on the part of everyone involved. When the US returned in 2003, it was Saudi cash that financed the Sunni Wahhabist was against the coalition government in Baghdad, a war that continues to this day, with the same cast of characters, the same Saudi cash, but they now call it 'ISIS.” 
5000 Americans died fighting Saudi paid jihadists. 
Saudi Arabia has always known that Iraq has only allowed them to continue their mischief so long as they served a purpose. When the war with Iran ended in 1988, that purpose had ended also. 
Saudi mischief in Iraq, playing tribe against tribe, pushing for Kurdish separatism and partnering with Israeli intelligence, ramped up as America scaled back her military presence under President Obama. 
By 2014, a logistics and command structure to destroy both Syria and Iraq had been established, headquartered in the Saudi embassies in Beirut and Amman and operating military operations centers, designed and built by the Israelis, at key locations in Turkey and quickly bolstered by satellite facilities across Iraq and Syria. The Saudi's were feeling time getting away from them, their decades of military buildup, based on endless oil and investment performance, no long sustainable. They had to knock out Syria and Iraq, using Israel, Turkey and NATO as surrogates, push the US into destroying Iran and cleanse Yemen of threats. 
They bribed everyone they got near. Were the Saudi's really the ones behind the Arab spring? Do we see the hands of Saudi Arabia when Israel channels Hamas fighters into the Yarmouk Camp, outside Damascus, to bolster ISIS forces? These are the telling events few see, but that prove the hypothesis and provide what is needed to predict a future that may well no longer include the Dark Kingdom. 
With a world obsessed with Islamic extremism and terror threats, why is no one looking at where it comes from, who finances, whose ideas are behind it and who it serves? With fingers pointing at the Mossad or CIA and so many others, the real issue is Wahhabism and the real root of it all is Saudi Arabia. 
There is no version of 9/11 that doesn't credit Saudi Mohammed Atta as planner of 9/11, whether assisted by Israeli art students or Osama bin Laden, depending on which theories you follow. The Saudi's did it and American civil courts are busy now assessing the damages. 
Oil money and sovereign immunity and, oh yes, control of the UN Human Rights Council, from which Russia was just expelled, protect them also, despite their abuses and love of head chopping. Pro-Iran militias in Iraq 
What is playing out now will lead only one direction , to a stronger Iraq, one under Shiite control with the economically powerful Sunni families, quietly migrating to their second homes in Dubai and Qatar. 
The crippled military the US saddled Iraq with will be gone, replaced by powerful Iranian-trained militias. 
The American-trained army joined ISIS. Had Prime Minister Maliki, back in 2014, been more aware of the threat, he would have moved against the Army. That, however, would have renewed the civil war, a war that could only have been ended with Iranian military intervention and Iran was still reeling with sanctions and the threat of American invasion. 
That threat is gone also. That world is gone, or soon will be as is being played out in Mosul and Aleppo. No one would have imagined Baghdad's resolve or the partnership between Russia and Iran. Still in question is Turkey's role. It is clear someone promised them Aleppo and Mosul, as is reflected in their military incursions into Syria and Iraq. 
If Saudi Arabia thinks Turkey will lift a hand to block Iraq's wrath, they are delusional. Turkey knows it can have peace with Iran and that both share similar ideas about the Kurds. This far outweighs any Turkish ambitions to the South. Turkey may well be planning a new Ottoman Empire, but Saudi Arabia is not in the cards for Turkish occupation. Members of the Abbas combat squad, a Shia militia, trained with Iraqi soldiers in Basra 
This leaves the protection of the United States and the upcoming election. Is there any American political leader that would oppose Iraq were they to hit Saudi Arabia, by 2020 or 2021? 
The prediction is that Iraq will come out of this war intact and, if they do, with a victorious army for the first time genuinely answerable to Baghdad and reeling from the battle of Mosul, likely to leave 20,000 civilians dead in its wake or more, the national enmity for Saudi Arabia will know no bounds. 
The Sunni gangsters from Anbar that aligned with the Saudis are mostly dead, many beheaded by ISIS. The promised Kurdish state in Erbil, the so-called 'Barzani Sultanate” will not be handed control of the massive Kirkuk oil fields and the Ceyhan Pipeline by ISIS, as may well have been planned. 
Without these assets, Erbil will still enjoy a strong commercial presence but will never be able to reach into the Kurdish diaspora and bring the millions home and under questionable rule, subject to Erbil's deal making with everyone. Eventually Erbil will become a ghost town, the sons that returned will again migrate and Turkish ambitions, seemingly undone, will be fulfilled. 
As it appears now, Iraq will survive. Iraq also knows that what Saudi Arabia tried twice, they will try again and that the only way Iraq can be free is if Saudi Arabia falls. 
And then there is Iran. Iranian aircraft have carried out strikes against the Islamic State. (Photo: TomoNews US) Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War who has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades and consulted with governments challenged by security issues, and is a senior editor and chairman of the board of Veterans Today, especially for the online magazine ' New Eastern Outlook .”
ARTICLE

By Jonas E. Alexis on November 1, 2016 The good thing about morality or practical reason is that it doesn't have a particular political affiliation. It transcends political ideologies and that's what make things very interesting. …by Jonas E. Alexis 

You've probably seen Megyn Kelly in action. You've probably watched her babbling weird things, crazy things, and incoherent things. You've also seen how she has prostrated before the Powers That Be for money, power, and fame. [1] In fact, she has been seeking for a salary of $20 million with Fox News. [2] 
In other words, Kelly is selling herself for the almighty dollar. If you haven't noticed some of those phenomena, here is Kelly on the Howard Stern show talking about her husband's genital, frolicking and other delicate things: YouTube - Veterans Today - 
For Kelly, it is perfectly fine for Howard Stern to talk about those issues on his show. It is also fine for Stern to sexually degrade Kelly. For Kelly, Stern is obviously doing a great job. 
But for people like Donald Trump to mention almost the same things on a private bus is an unpardonable sin. Sure, Trump's remarks are disgusting and nasty. And there is no way to justify his immoral statement. It could even be conceived that Trump is just a nasty person who has been grabbing women, well, 'by the pussy.” 
But do we honestly think that Trump is the only nasty and disgusting guy in town? Can Kelly really explain to us what was she doing on the Howard Stern Show about six years ago? And how again can the same sex culture itself slam Trump's 'grab them by the pussy” phraseology and at the same time praise people like Wilhelm Reich or even Alfred Kinsey? 
You see, the good thing about morality or practical reason is that it doesn't have a particular political affiliation. It transcends political ideologies and that's what make things very interesting. If you are looking at things from a moral point of view, then those who are condemning Trump ought to condemn the same sex culture which articulates Trump's 'grab them by the pussy” in a much subtle and interesting way. 
Keep in mind that Wilhelm Reich, the man who coined the term 'the sexual revolution,” was praised by the New York Times and other media outlets. Reich explicitly promoted and encouraged the sexualization of children and the clergy in his widely read text The Mass Psychology of Fascism . [3] 
Reich taught that 'Sexual inhibition prevents the average adolescent from thinking and feeling in a rational way.” [4] Reich didn't stop there. He's got more insights: 'If one succeeds in getting rid of the childhood fear of masturbation and as a result thereof genitality demands gratification, then intellectual insight and sexual gratification are wont to prevail.” [5] 
Then, Reich dropped the ideological bomb: 'The mechanism that makes masses of people incapable of freedom is the social suppression of genital sexuality in small children, adolescents, and adults.” [6] 
Now we're talking. Now things get really delicious. And it is here that our story gets very interesting because again Reich, like his contemporary Alfred Kinsey, was never condemned for his immoral posturing. The sex culture gave both men great accolades for spreading their own version of 'democracy” and 'freedom” and for polluting the social order. 
Kinsey, for his part, published 'academic” books such as Sexual Behavior in the Human Male and Sexual Behavior in the Human Female , in which he forged data, pulled things out of thin air, [7] and deliberately selected samples of his 'research” from male and female prostitutes to advance his wicked ideology. 
Kinsey's other methods were so bias and fraudulent that statistician John Tukey of the American Statistical Association declared then that 'A random selection of three people would have been better than a group of 300 chosen by Mr. Kinsey.” [8] 
Academic institutions such as Indiana University continue to protect Kinsey's pedophilia. [9] Paul Gebhard, Kinsey's protégé and former director of the Kinsey Institute for Sex Research, deliberately removed anything from the Institute that would even remotely implicate Kinsey as a pedophile and not a scientist. 
So, isn't there a logical breakdown here? The sex industry complicated things when its advocates fired people for exposing Kinsey and documenting his immoral behavior. Are thing living in contradiction? 
Indeed. 
Now were are learning that the children of the same sex industry are implicitly sneaking in or even adopting moral themes by saying that 'grab them by the pussy” is universally wrong. The sex industry shows that G. K. Chesterton was right all along when he said: 'A man must be something of a moralist if he is to preach, even if he is to preach unmorality.” [10] 
Perhaps this was one reason Kinsey died 'a broken man” [11] in 1956. A sodomite and sadomasochist of the highest rank, Kinsey is indirectly the father of what is now 'sex education.” 
Kinsey's Sexual Behavior in the Human Male and Sexual Behavior in the Human Female contain chapter after chapter about pedophilia, group sex, orgies, etc. Kinsey was trained as a biologist, and it was no accident that he used his training to promote social engineering. [12] 
Obviously the ideology upon which the sex industry is based is irrational, incoherent, and ultimately worthless. And if had had to give the sex industry a different name from a book, it would be Smeagol, who later changed to Gollum, from J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings . Gollum is the actual character who loves and hates the ring of power at the same time, 'as he loves and hates himself.” 
In a similar way, the sex industry hates morality and fights against it in the cultural landscape, but the same industry always appeals to an implicitly moral code when someone else pursuits an immoral life. Hillary for example supported the Trotskyite group the Pussy Riot , a subversive band whose members deliberately performed orgies at a museum. 
But the same Hillary finds Trump's 'grab them by the pussy” disgusting. Trump is nasty for calling people overweight, but Hillary herself called people out for their weight and even went so far as to say that they are 'shit-kickers.” [13] 
Sometimes, a 'good morning, Mrs. Clinton” could drive her to say: 'Fuck off! It's enough that I have to see you shit-kickers every day…Do your goddamn job and keep your mouth shut.” [14] Judith Reisman 
There is more here than meets the eye and ear . Judith Reisman was inevitably fired at the American University for meticulously and methodically documenting that Kinsey was a pedophile masquerading as a researcher. 
Reisman, who has graciously sent me a copy of the fourth edition of her book, Stolen Honor Stolen Innocence: How America was Betrayed by the Lies and Sexual Crimes of a Mad 'Scientist,” writes that Kinsey was 'familiar with the work of Dr. Magnus Hirschfeld. Kinsey's friend, Dr. Harry Benjamin, had brought Hirschfeld to America to speak against the social reform accomplishments of the Purity Movement.' [15] 
Magnus Hirschfeld (1868-1935), a German-Jewish physician and sexologist, used his medical training as a pretext to promote perversion and, in 1897, built his own system of 'the Scientific-Humanitarian Committee, the first organization anywhere devoted to the protection of homosexual rights.” 
Hirschfeld was also 'the primary inventor of marriage counseling, Gay Liberation, artificial insemination, surgical gender 'reassignment,' and modern sex therapy…His goofy persona and conscientiousness transformed Sexology from an anthropological curiosity into a popular German science. The Berlin monthlies, starting in the mid-twenties, referred to Hirschfeld solicitously as 'the Einstein of Sex.” [16] 
Hirschfeld was the Einstein of sex because he 'embraced a doctrine known as 'sexual relativity.” [17] While the moral order dictates that there are only two sexes—male and female—Hirscheld postulated another doctrine, one more congruent with his subversive ideology. Hirschfeld 'wrote that it was 'unscientific' to speak of two sexes. Between 'full man' and 'full woman' was an infinite string of sexual/gender possibilities.” [18] 
The only force that could hinder Hirschfeld was the moral order and a will to act on it, but he attacked it before proceeding with his sexual revolution. [19] Hirschfeld spent a large part of his 1200-page book The Homosexuality of Men and Women deconstructing moral principles about sex. [20] 
This began to take place in 1919 when Hirschfeld opened the Institute of Sexology in Berlin. Jewish scholar Mel Gordon of the University of California tells us that the institution 
'quickly became one of the city's most curious attractions. The Institute's buildings, including a former mansion, were divided into areas for lectures, consulting offices, study rooms, laboratories, medical clinics, and a museum space devoted to sexual pathology.” [21] 
Paul Johnson commented, 
'The Foxtrot and short skirts, the addiction of pleasure in 'the imperial sewers of Berlin,' the 'dirty pictures' of sexologist Magnus Hirschfeld or the typical man of the times took on in the minds of the average citizen a repugnance that is difficult to recall in hindsight without some historical effort. 
'In a number of highly celebrated provocations, the stage of the '20s dealt with topics like patricide, incest and other crimes and the deepest inclination of the times tended to self-mockery.” [22] 
A number of Jewish icons such as George Gershwin, Ben Hecht, Douglas Fairbanks, and Sergei Eisenstein visited the school. [23] Eisenstein 'enjoyed the Institute's collection of sailor-dolls—homemade paper toys that German homosexuals fashioned during the Great War.” [24] 
The library of the school, 'which contained the largest sex and pornographic book collection in Europe, remained accessible to all readers…Politically, the Institute provided a forum for progressive lawyers and government officials who sought to eradicate the laws against homosexuality and defend Germany's legal abortion rights from the growing onslaught of fascist and religious parties.” [25] 
The building contained all sort of sexual devices in order to advance the sexual revolution in Berlin. Mel Gordon again writes: 
'Glass cases of fetishistic objects and sex aids from preliterate, Asian, and European cultures filled two other rooms. In the open counters and boxes were collections of Mandigo dildos that squirted a milky solution, Moche water bottles with penis-shaped spouts, Sanskrit sex manuals, miniature shoes worn by bound-foot Chinese courtesans, medieval chastity belts, torture instruments from a German brothel, sadistic drawings and assemblages created by Lustmord convicts, an entire picture window of ankle boots donated by a local fetishist, antique steam-driven vibrators, fake rubber breasts and vaginas taken from transvestite prostitutes, lacy panties found on the corpses of von Hindenburg's heroic officers, and other such incontrovertible evidence of Hirschfeld's new calculus of desire.” [26] 
Magus Hirschfeld left Germany during the rise of the Nazi Party, never to return. But he obviously had a tremendously powerful influence on Alfred Kinsey , who went on to open his own 'sex research” at Indiana University, which was partly based on Hirschefeld's questionnaires. [27] According to Kinsey, things such as child pornography, bestiality and even sex among children are natural and should be encouraged and promoted. Kinsey wrote: 'It is difficult to understand why a child, except for its cultural conditioning, should be disturbed at having its genitalia touched, or disturbed at seeing the genitalia of other persons, or disturbed at even more specific sexual contacts.” [28] 
How did Kinsey bring this repulsive idea to the public, and who was he following? Reisman points out that Kinsey was an admirer and part-time disciple of the late Satanist Aleister Crowley, commonly known as 'The Beast.” In fact, Kinsey made every effort 'to acquire Aleister Crowley's diaries for the Institute” at Indiana University. [29] He actually failed. 
But failure was obviously not an option for Kinsey, as he went on to perform the same sex and Satanic orgies that Crowley himself performed. Kinsey 'made a pilgrimage to Thelema Abbey, the temple where Crowley had ministered. Crowley's first book, the pornographic White Stains, advocated sexual magic and was much favored by Kinsey. In fact, Kinsey was photographed in Crowley's 'Chamber of Horrors,” while he and Clara appear together in a photo following Kinsey's return from the Abbey.” [30] 
Kenneth Anger, a Crowley devotee, later admitted that Kinsey's obsession with perversion was 'highly reminiscent” of Crowley's sex magic. [31] When Kinsey visited what one ought to call Crowley's lab experiment in Italy at the Abbey, he saw depictions of children in 'sado-sexual ceremonies,” and Kinsey never condemned the act. Kinsey 'found Crowley's savage child pornography, his homosexual magic, and his human sacrifice records to be 'most open.'” [32] 
We are now facing an inevitable conclusion. No one with an ounce of moral sense should applaud Donald Trump for uttering disgusting words about women. But will the same mass media devote the same amount of time to dethrone people like Hugh Hefner, who incidentally articulated the same thing that Trump was saying? Hefner declared: 'Censorship is the tool of totalitarianism and repression. If it is used today to prohibit sexually explicit words and images, it might be used tomorrow to prohibit other forms of expression. 'It might be used to justify the oppression of women in such areas as abortion rights, and to foil other efforts to bring about equality between the sexes. Censorship is insatiable. 'It can erode the freedom of expression until there is only one acceptable point of view left. If that were to happen in our society, whose point of view would survive? 'Playboy celebrates sex because sex is one of the good things in life. The freedom to express oneself without fear of censorship is another.” [33] 
Here's the kicker: Hefner wrote his piece in the L.A. Times , the same organ that is now condemning Trump for following Hefner's advice! 
What the sex culture is basically saying here is that it is sexually permissible to 'grab them by the pussy.” After all, 'Censorship is the tool of totalitarianism and repression.” But when Trump actually grabs them 'by the pussy,” what was sexually permissible has magically become morally impermissible. 
If these people cannot see the lunacy of their ideology, then I've got some hamsters to sell them in South Korea. 
[1] See for example Erica Tempesta, ''She looks like she's working for an escort agency!' Megyn Kelly slammed online over risque low-cut dress she wore at the RNC, with critics claiming it looked like 'lingerie,'” Daily Mail , July 22, 2016. 
[2] Joe Flint, 'Megyn Kelly Seeks Salary North of $20 Million in Contract Talks With Fox News,” Wall Street Journal , October 27, 2016. 
[3] See E. Michael Jones, Libido Dominandi: Sexual Liberation and Political Control (South Bend: St. Augustine's Press, 2000). 
[4] Quoted in E. Michael Jones, The Catholic Church and the Cultural Revolution (South Bend: Fidelity Press, 2016), kindle edition. 
[6] Ibid. 
[7] See E. Michael Jones, Degenerate Moderns: Modernity as Rationalized Sexual Misbehavior (South Bend: Fidelity Press, 2012), chapter 5. 
[8] David Leonhardt, 'John Tukey, 85, Statistician; Coined the Word 'Software,'” NY Times , July 28, 2000. 
[9] For a study on this, see E. Michael Jones, Degenerate Moderns: Modernity as Rationalized Sexual Misbehavior (South Bend: Fidelity Press, 2012), 83-108. 
[10] G. K. Chesterton, Heretics (Nashville: Sam Torode Book Arts, 2011), 103. 
[11] Simon LeVay and Elizabeth Nonas, City of Friends: A Portrait of the Gay and Lesbian Community in America (Cambridge: The MIT Press, 1995), 51. 
[12] See James H. Jones, Alfred C. Kinsey: A Public/Private Life (New York: W. W. Norton, 1997); Jonathan Gathorne-Hardy, Sex the Measure of All Things: A Life of Alfred C. Kinsey (Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 2000). 
[13] Quoted in Christopher Andersen, American Evita: Hillary Clinton's Path to Power (New York: HarperCollins Publishers, 2004), 90. 
[14] Ibid. 
[15] Judith Reisman, Stolen Honor Stolen Innocence: How America was Betrayed by the Lies and Sexual Crimes of a Mad 'Scientist” (Orlando, FL: New Revolution Publishers, 2013), 22. 
[16] Mel Gordon, Voluptuous Panic: The Erotic World of Weimar Berlin (San Francisco: Feral House, 2006), 153. 
[18] Ibid., 153-154. 
[19] Elena Mancini, Magnus Hirschfeld and the Quest for Sexual Freedom: A History of the First International Sexual Freedom Movement (New York: Palgrave, 2010), 13. 
[20] See Magnus Hirschfeld, The Homosexuality of Men and Women (New York: Prometheus Books, 2000). 
[21] Gordon, Voluptuous Panic, 126. 
[22] Johnson, Modern Times , 115. 
[23] Gordon, Voluptuous Panic , 164.
ARTICLE

Adelson boosts Trump with $25 million to defeat Clinton 
American-Jewish billionaire Sheldon Adelson has reportedly given $25 million to a super PAC dedicated to defeating Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. 
Just a couple of weeks ago Adelson was frustrated with Donald Trump's 'lack of focus” and misdirected attacks at fellow Republicans, including House Speaker Paul Ryan. However, Fox News reported Monday that the casino magnate had added $25 million to the millions he'd already donated to Trump's campaign. The report also indicated he may give more by the end of the week. 
His change of heart reportedly came in the wake of FBI Director James Comey's announcement Friday that the bureau had discovered hundreds of thousands of emails that may be relevant to the bureau's ongoing investigation into Clinton's possible misuse of emails, and timing may indicate that Adelson now believes the GOP candidate has a real shot at winning the election. 
The donation, described to Fox News as a 'massive” amount of money to be spent in the final week of the campaign, was given to Future 45, a pro-Trump super PAC. Future 45's latest ad argues that the Democratic nominee cannot be trusted with the presidency as the Clinton Foundation has received millions of dollars from regimes around the world that persecute women and minorities. 
A source told Fox News that Adelson is considering contributing up to $25 million more as the White House race enters its final few days. 
In May, Adelson bucked a substantial number of Republican Jews who opposed Trump — even though by that time it was clear he would be the party's presidential nominee — endorsing the pugnacious real estate magnate and reality TV star and appealing to other top Republican Jewish donors to follow suit. 
The New York Times reported at the time that Adelson was prepared to spend up to $100 million to elect Trump, a greater sum than he has invested in previous elections. 
In the following months, however, Adelson seemed to sour on Trump, instead focusing on congressional races amid fears of the Republicans losing control of Congress due to Trump's weak polling numbers and numerous controversial statements. He gave at least $40 million to super PACs focused solely on the fight for Congress, and the $10 million he initially dedicated to a pro-Trump super PAC was spent only on advertising in states with competitive Senate races. 
Trump's campaign has been plagued by charges of anti-Semitism, racism and sexism, and the nominee has been accused of running a divisive, hate-driven campaign. 
Adelson is a prominent donor to Jewish causes and a staunch supporter of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on November 1, 2016, With 955 Reads Filed under Election 2016 , Politics . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . Both comments and pings are currently closed.
ARTICLE

Syrian War Report – October 31, 2016: Al-Nusra-led Forces Failed to Break Aleppo Siege ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Syrian War Report – November 1, 2016: Syrian Military Deploys Advanced T-90 Battle Tanks to Aleppo By South Front on November 1, 2016 …from SouthFront 
The Syrian military has deployed advanced Russian-made T-90 main battle tanks to western Aleppo, according to the video released on October 31. T-90 MBTs were observed in the Minyan area where they were participating in operations against Jaish al-Fatah, a Jabhat al-Nusra-led coalition of militant groups. Last weekend, elite units of the Syrian Army's Tiger Forces and the Desert Hawks Brigade were deployed in Aleppo to counter the militants' offensive operation to capture the al-Assad Military Academy and the nearby areas. Both formations operate T-90 MBTs supplied by Moscow over the last year. The government forces massively use tanks, artillery, warplanes and helicopters to attrit Jaish al-Fatah's manpower in non-populated urban areas. 
Experts note that the jihadists have also concentrated a high number of experienced troops, artillery, rocket launchers and military equipment at a restricted front in western Aleppo. To do this, they had been pushed to use almost all their resources from the rear bases in Idlib province. If Jabhat al-Nusra is not able to achieve a decided success in clashes with the government forces soon, this will lead to its total collapse as a powerbroker in the war. The group's material and technical base will be destroyed and experienced troops and field commanders killed in the clashes. We've been already able to observe signs of this tendency since the failed al-Nusra attempt to dig in the Ramouseh Artillery Acandemy in southern Aleppo. 
The Kurdish YPG and the Ankara-led forces (Turkish-backed militant groups and the Turkish Armed Forces) have been competing in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo city. Both forces recently captured a bunch of villages from ISIS in the direction of Al-Bab. In this case, the ongoing coordination between the Syrian army and the YPG has once again become reality on the ground. The recent Kurdish operations were coordinated and supported by the Russian and Syrian military and military sources say that Moscow increased military supplies to the YPG in the area. Moscow and Domascus believe that the Kurdish buffer zone plays an important role, preventing Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki and other pro-Turkish groups from attacking the Syrian army and its allies in Aleppo city. In mid-October Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki officially announced that the next stage of Turkey's Operation Euphrates Shield will include an advance on the 'regime forces' in Aleppo. 
Dozens of al-Nusra Front and linked-groups members were killed during their failed attempt to break the Syrian army's defenses at the abandoned al-Mahjoorah Battalion military camp near the militant-controlled town of Ibtaa in the province of Daraa on October 31. According to pro-government forces over 40 militants were killed. Pro-militant media outlets confirm 26 killed in action terrorists. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on November 1, 2016, With 727 Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

By Brig Asif H. Raja on November 1, 2016 
Asif Haroon Raja 
The ISI had developed its long arm capability during the tenures of Gen Akhtar Abdur Rehman, Lt Gen Hamid Gul (VT editor) and Lt Gen Javed Nasir as DG ISI. It was owing to this capability of hitting the chosen target outside the frontiers of Pakistan that the ISI earned the reputation of a dreaded outfit and the best in Asia. The long arm began to shrivel when Benazir Bhutto was PM from 1988 to 1990 and Gen Waheed Kakar was COAS and Lt Gen Javed Ashraf Qazi had replaced Gen Javed Nasir. This change in posture was a result of pressure of the US and the West, pressing Pakistan to refrain from meddling in Indian Occupied Kashmir (IOK) and in India, or else it will be declared a terrorist state. Pressure was mounted at the behest of India which had become strategic partner of USA and Israel in 1991/1992 and darling of the West. 
After the occupation of Afghanistan by 1, 50,000 Soviet forces in December 1979, Pakistan under Gen Ziaul Haq had decided to provide refuge to about 5 million Afghan refugees and to support the Afghan Mujahideen in their resistance. The US came forward with a package of $ 3.5 billion in June 1981 after making a measured assessment that Pakistan had the will and capability to fight the proxy war. The offer was accepted only when it was conveyed that the ISI will coordinate and conduct the entire war without the aid of CIA and that the US and others would restrict their support to provision of funds and weapons/equipment only. As a Frontline State, Pakistan suffered a great deal throughout the Afghan war at the hands of KGB-KHAD-RAW-AlZulfiqar nexus and Afghan armed forces, but achieved the miracle by defeating and pushing out Soviet forces in February 1989. After achieving its objective without employing a single soldier, the US abandoned Pakistan as well as the Mujahideen who had sacrificed 1.5 million people and had helped the US in becoming a sole super power. 
Once Pakistan fell from the grace of USA and it was put under sanctions on account of its covert nuclear program suspected to be geared towards making an Islamic bomb, it came under the shadow of black star. Pakistan's nuclear program became an eyesore for India, Israel and USA. It faced the whole brunt of fallout effects of ten-year Afghan war that had been fully supported by the US led free world. USSR that had shrunk to Russian Federation was highly bitter, while India was perpetually hostile. Iran was not so friendly owing to its reservations over the developments in Afghanistan. Explosive situation in Afghanistan due to civil war and power tussle among the seven Mujahideen groups impacted the security of Pakistan. 
Start of armed insurgency in IOK in late 1989 and India pumping in over 700,000 troops into the Valley had its effects on Pakistan's security dynamics. In 1990/91, both sides had come close to war. Internally, the society had become militarized due to the Afghan war and sectarianism fomented by Iran and Saudi Arabia had created serious law and order situation in Punjab. PPP and PML-N acrimoniously tussled with each other for power because of which no govt could complete its mandatory 5 years tenure. 
Fragmentation of USSR and demise of communism on account of its military defeat in Afghanistan and increase of influence of Pakistan and India decreasing its influence in Afghanistan had vexed India. It feared that Pakistan may exploit the situation in IOK and liberate it with the help of over 60 Jihadi groups and take its revenge of the humiliation it had suffered in East Pakistan in 1971. It dreaded that Pakistan may replicate its model of supporting the Mukti Bahini. Sensing the gravity of the situation, India started propagating that Pakistan is behind the insurgency in IOK and that the ISI is funding, training and launching terrorists from Azad Jammu & Kashmir (AJK). It urged the UN and world powers to rein in Pakistan and restrain ISI from conducting cross LoC terrorism. 
The US, both Republicans and Democrats, had been constantly wooing India to join its camp since early 1950s, but India preferred the Soviet camp, although it professed to be non-aligned. It was elated when India feeling orphaned after the collapse of USSR fell like a ripe apple into the waiting arms of USA and both became bedfellows in 1991. Once its newfound love sought help from her paramour, the latter stood behind her and sternly cautioned Pakistan to lay its hands off IOK. Change in circumstances compelled Pakistan to restrict its support to the Kashmiris in distress to moral, political and diplomatic levels only. The Kashmir oriented Jihadi groups based in AJK and in Southern Punjab however continued to extend support to the Kashmiris seeking right of self-determination as provided for in the UN resolutions. Indian security forces equipped with draconian laws and license to kill without any fear of accountability or censure by the UN and world powers carried out inhuman torture, employed massive force, and used rape as a weapon to break the will of the freedom fighters. The UN and international community turned a deaf ear to the cries of Kashmiris. 
Despite the fact that IOK had become the most militarized region of the world (one soldier for 17 civilians), and Kashmiris had suffered over 100,000 fatalities, 10,000 rapes, detention of thousands in secret dens and destruction of their property, the freedom fighters kept the torch of liberty aglow. The heroics of Kashmiris against heavy odds had a telling effect on the morale of Indian Army and paramilitary forces in IOK. Soldiers suffered from demoralization and homesickness; cases of suicides, desertions, killing of seniors and comrades by soldiers, and indiscipline jumped up at an alarming rate. Officers and men dreaded posting to Kashmir, while rate of compassionate cases wanting posting out from Kashmir shot up. A stage came when recruitment in Army dropped to rock bottom levels. The then Indian Army chief had to appear on the TV and run an ad campaign to appeal to the youth to join the Army on better pay scale and perks. Kashmir had become a perforated wound for India and economic cost was becoming unbearable. It was becoming difficult for India to hide its massive human rights violations and barbarities of Indian security forces. 
Here I may add that the Indian Army had suffered humiliation at Dras-Kargil in 1999 at the hands of handful of Mujahideen and irregulars of Northern Light Infantry. It was eventually bailed out by the US led G-8 by exerting immense pressure on Pakistan to immediately vacate the captured territories. The Indian armed forces went through another embarrassment in 2002 when it had to sheepishly withdraw from its western border after a ten-month standoff during which it had constantly huffed and puffed but couldn't pick up courage to cross the border. Aggressive response of Pak armed forces had taken the steam out of their chauvinism. 
Unfortunately, all that was gained on the Kashmir front and on the military front was wasted away after Gen Musharraf wilted under the US pressure in 2003 and decided to take steps to please USA and India. Reining in Kashmir focused Jihadi groups, allowing India to fence the LoC and signing peace treaty with India in January 2004 changed the perspective. It helped Indian military to suppress Kashmir freedom movement. Earlier on, Musharraf had submitted to all the 7 demands of Washington in September 2001. Free hand given to CIA and FBI had enabled the two to establish their network in FATA and gain control over airports and seaport in Pakistan. Intelligence acquisition in FATA was taken over by CIA and ISI pushed on the back seat. 
Indo-Pak peace treaty in 2004 enabled RAW to ignite FATA, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP), Baluchistan and Karachi. While RAW assisted by CIA, NDS, MI-6 and Mossad made full use of its long arm to bleed Pakistan with the help of proxies, Pak security forces and ISI remained handicapped. The so-called friends pushed Pakistan to fight terrorism but secretly backed the terrorists. The US kept twisting the arm of Pakistan that if ISI meddled into India or Afghanistan it will be declared a rogue outfit. Perforce, the ISI undertook protective measures only, but its defensive actions were more often breached because the so-called allies stabbed Pakistan in the back. As a consequence, RAW and its strategic partners carried out one-sided covert war while the ISI at best tried to ward off the attacks. In spite of defensive policy of the govt and ISI, and Pakistan suffering much more human casualties than any other country in the war on terror, ISI was blamed to be in collusion with Al-Qaeda, Taliban, Haqqani Network, Jaish-e-Muhammad (JeM) and Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT). These were termed as strategic assets of military establishment to overcome conventional inferiority against arch enemy India. The lost intelligence space In FATA/KP was gradually recovered when Lt Gen Shuja Pasha took over as DG ISI and Gen Ashfaq Kayani as COAS in 2008. 
All the terror attacks that took place in India between 2001 and 2008 were pinned on JeM and LeT and their connection was made with ISI. Since Pakistan made no effort to disprove Indian contention even after it was revealed by Indian investigative agencies and Home Ministry officials that Hindu terror groups and Indian military intelligence officers were involved in the attacks, it became easier for India to further strengthen its narrative of portraying Pakistan as a terror abetting state and a nursery of terrorism. India's narrative was boosted up by its strategic allies. The US dubbed Pakistan as the most dangerous county in the world. Pakistan's overall defensive policy and apologetic stance emboldened its detractors to keep whipping and bleeding it without fear of tit for tat response from ISI. 
Other than the salvos fired by the Indo-Afghan-US-Israel nexus on Pak Army and ISI, Pakistan political leadership of major political parties also view the two premier institutions with distrust. Both PPP and PML-N in line with their 2006 Charter of Democracy made efforts to enfeeble ISI and keep Army under their thumb. First attempt was made by Benazir Bhutto when she replaced Lt Gen Hamid Gul with retired Lt Gen Kallue in 1989 and next tasked Air Marshal Zulfiqar to cut ISI to size under the garb of reforms. PM Yusaf Raza Gilani tried to civilianize ISI in August 2008 by placing it under Ministry of Interior. Kerry Lugar Bill in 2009 and Memo scandal in 2011 were other attempts to curtail military's power. Nawaz Sharif has a history of locking horns with every Army chief and has still not got out of the hangover of Gen Musharraf. Although he didn't clash with Gen Raheel but at times civil-military relations became tense. 
It has now been conclusively established that RAW and NDS in unison and backed by other agencies are deeply involved in proxy war in Pakistan since 2003 and have inflicted tens of thousands of cuts on the body of Pakistan and its people. Series of conspiracies have been hatched and launched to destabilize and fragment Pakistan. RAW-NDS nexus backed by CIA is continuing to use Afghanistan as a launching pad for terror attacks in Pakistan. In order to scuttle CPEC, focus of attacks is on Baluchistan and KP. India is keeping the LoC on fire. So far it has violated 2003 ceasefire agreement 178 times and killed 19 civilians and injured 80. 
The anti-Pakistan foreign agencies are making full use of TTP, Jamaat Ahrar, Lashkar Jhangvi, BLA, BRA, BLF and MQM as proxies. London is a safe haven for MQM leadership and Baloch rebel leaders, while Afghanistan has provided sanctuaries to TTP runaway leaders in Kunar, Nuristan and Nangarhar. Besides these strategic assets, the detractors are also making use of NGOs, human rights activists and segment of media to make Pakistan a compliant state of India. Since HN, JeM, and LeT are not playing the game of foreign agencies, they are dubbed as terrorist groups and strategic assets of Pak Army/ISI. They want Pakistan to take strict action against them or else face isolation and sanctions. 
It was in the backdrop of this concern of US and India that the Dawn News published a story on October 6. The planted story was allegedly furnished by someone from within the PM House where a national security conference presided by the PM and attended by Foreign Secretary, Punjab Chief Minister, COAS, DG ISI and National Security Adviser was held. The invented story written by Cyril Almeida gave an impression of serious rift between civil and military leadership and that while the govt wanted to proceed against the defunct militant groups, the ISI didn't. Probable motive of concocted story was to demean the Army/ISI and to reinforce Indo-US stance that Pak Army and ISI were in league with terror groups. The types of Hussain Haqqani, Ayesha Sadiqa, Farzana Bari and several other liberal journalists assembled in London two days ago to play up this story. MQM (Altaf) hosted them. To ascertain the truth, a high powered committee comprising members from three intelligence agencies will carry out inquest. 
Having collected tons of evidence, yet Pakistan takes the barbs and whips without a whimper and doesn't pick up courage to strike back. The long arm of ISI remains sheathed for reasons best known to the policy makers. It implies our leaders have decided to give a free hand to our enemies to continue bleeding Pakistan without any fear of retaliation or even protest. Going by the well-established concept that ‘offence is the best defence', until and unless the ISI pay back the RAW and NDS in the same coin, one sided bleeding of Pakistanis will continue. Long arm must be unsheathed. 
The writer is retired Brig, war veteran, defence analyst, columnist, author of 5 books, Vice Chairman Thinkers Forum Pakistan, DG Measac Research Centre, and Member Executive Council PESS. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 1, 2016 By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor and Ian Greenhalgh, Managing Editor 
John F. Kennedy memorably stated that he was going to smash the CIA into 'a thousand pieces', he had very good reasons for doing so; half a century later, it can reasonably be assumed that similar phrases are being darkly muttered within the corridors of power about the FBI. 
President George W. Bush 'lost” 22 million emails, many involving criminal investigations, and the FBI has said nothing, though the emails involved the White House used an illegal private server owned by the Republican Party for official government business. 
The FBI is out to get Hillary Clinton, it's not Director Comey, Obama put him in there to clean up the mess, they've been after Obama for 8 years. The 'birther' hoax began, no we aren't kidding, inside the FBI – it was the FBI that originated the wild rumour that Hillary Clinton murdered Vince Foster and that President Obama is not only a Muslim but many in the FBI actually say he's the anti-christ. 
Legal Analyst Paul Callan of CNN just published the following: 
Lately, the FBI, while acting without the customary supervision of the Justice Department, appears to be a runaway train on a collision course with the concept of fairness in next week's presidential election. Democratic Senator Harry Reid and former White House ethics counsel Richard Painter have accused FBI Director James Comey of violating the Hatch Act by illegally using his office to influence the election. While the claim of a Hatch Act violation is a stretch, the appointment of an independent prosecutor and the replacement of Comey are nonetheless urgently required, if not outright overdue. The tangled relationship between the Clintons and Attorney General Loretta Lynch should have prompted appointment of an independent special prosecutor long ago.. 
Here's what Callan knew but wasn't able to write. The same informants that went to Callan also came to us and what they had to say was frightening. Here is how it began; an FBI insurrection and this is the exact term used by sources deep inside the FBI cabal, an FBI insurrection against, Comey, Hillary Clinton and Obama can no longer be safely ignored. This is why Senator Harry Reid has called for a criminal investigation of the FBI for violation of the Hatch Act. 
The FBI, and this isn't Comey, it is the rank and file, the insurrectionist rank and file, a very powerful organisation that includes case managers, deputy directors that run not only counter-terrorism but financial crimes as well have not only targeted what they see to be dangerous liberal and progressive leaders, including of course the American president, but have continually protected criminals from prosecution as well. Those they have protected, possibly including names like Adelson, Trump and Romney, are funding moves against the US government, moves against American foreign policy and may well actually be funding recognised terror organisations as well, we have been specifically told this by sources within the FBI. 
This insurrectional group within the FBI, which we are told includes the majority of FBI agents, has little idea what they have gotten into, some are aware they are taking orders from the shadowy Federalist Society, that 'right-wing conspiracy' Hillary Clinton referred to so many years ago as trying to bring down her husband's presidency, but it goes deeper, it gets scarier; it isn't just 'birthers'. 
The public face of this is blocked court appointments and a government in paralysis, but it's far deeper and far more threatening, it all became possible when two branches of government fell under the control of organised crime. It took a five/four rigged Supreme Court and a rigged election in 2000, covered up by the FBI, to subvert for all times the independence of America's legislature. Rigged by Richard Mellon Scaife, funded by Sheldon Adelson, a cabal calling themselves 'Neocons', in reality a front for organised crime, reapportioned Congressional districts across the US in clear violation of equal protection provisions of the constitution and backed by five mob-controlled members of the Supreme Court, bolstered by vote flipping software from the CIA, control of the legislative/investigative branch of government was permanently placed in the hands of a minority, destroying any hope of separation of powers and undermining all constitutional protections. Any hope of Americans influencing their own destiny disappeared with a rigged legislature running endless witch hunts and a mob-controlled Supreme Court backing them up. 
Making it worse, so much worse, was the creation of a massive security bureaucracy, the Department of Homeland Security, laws authorising torture and illegal surveillance and the destruction of the FBI. 
No public scandal can be investigated, no regulation enforced, no-one is left to speak up, no-one is safe from illegal arrest and imprisonment, a nightmare from the pages of Kafka become reality, all this has become clear in the last few days. 
When a prominent US senator calls for the prosecution of America's national police force, is it perhaps time to take note? 
There was a reason the constitution prohibited the creation of the national police force, just as the constitution prohibited the creation of a central bank; there is no mechanism capable of controlling a central bank, as the failures of the Federal Reserve board and a cursory study of American history since 1913 will establish. 
Similarly, no provision was established within the constitution to regulate or oversee a national police force, it didn't take long for the FBI to become the Cheka within a short period after it's creation, J. Edgar Hoover, turned 'the bureau' into a monstrosity blackmailing politicians and cosying up to crime figures while Hoover's FBI chased 'commies' both real and imaginary, it protected not only the mafia but powerful international crime cartels as well, becoming the real 'Murder Inc.' Taxpayer financed strong-arm thugs supported by a disinformation campaign. 
Hoover gained control of the press almost immediately, keeping files on his press enemies, threatening and blackmailing; some of this was to protect his own secrets – mob ties and his notorious penchant for sexual deviance, now long in the public domain, but it went further – it was all about power. 
'Mary' Hoover liked to dress as a woman and was infamously covertly photographed along with his longtime companion and lover Clyde Tolson in flagrante delicto; those photographs came into the possession of mob kingpin Meyer Lansky, thus ensnaring Hoover, and by extension the entire FBI in a dangerous marriage with the mob. There is no evidence they ever got divorced, though from time to time the relationship may have been somewhat rocky. 
Simply put, given these facts, any sense of surprise at FBI misconduct or calls for investigating or even disbanding the FBI, should be no surprise to anyone. Nearly every current television series that features scenarios involving the FBI invariably focuses on FBI corruption, the FBI's illegal involvement in politics and gross incompetence. 
Sit at a table and have lunch with the FBI, it can go one of two ways – you can have brilliant, dedicated and relentless law enforcement officers who complain about being shackled by a corrupt bureaucracy, or like as not, a pack of delusional nutcases mouthing wild conspiracy theories and ranting about dangerous liberals; neither group, though widely divergent, make a case for the survival of the FBI. Then when you realise the Dept. of Homeland Security is entirely composed of conspiracy nutcases and other agencies are worse, it becomes clear that Harry Reid's demand to clean up the FBI is far from enough.
ARTICLE

Idols of Intellectual Perversity: How Ideology Corrupts the Minds of Smart People ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Russian battle group reaches Mediterranean after 'causing stir' in the West (VIDEO) By GPD on November 1, 2016 The nuclear-powered heavy cruiser Peter the Great. © Dover-Marina.com / Sputnik A Russian naval group, headed by the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier and the battle cruiser Peter the Great, has made its way into the Mediterranean, causing quite a stir in the West, the Russian Defense Ministry said. 
Moscow has been surprised by the countries that have denied Russia's warships entry to their ports, Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu said, adding that 'Western colleagues' need to decide who they are actually fight against – terrorists or Russia. 
'The movement of our ships has caused a stir among our Western partners, ” Shoigu said on Tuesday. 
' But the most surprising thing was the position of certain countries that, under pressure from the US and NATO, have publicly refused our warships entry to their ports. ” 
'It did not affect the schedule of their movement along the chosen route, as they had been provided with all the necessary resources,” he added. 
The defense minister noted that the decisions of some countries to deny Russian ships entry to Western ports has demonstrated how, in fact, ' our partners understand their contribution to the fight against international terrorism in Syria.” 
'It is time for our Western colleagues to decide who they are actually fighting – terrorists or Russia. As one poet once said, 'one cannot sit on one and the same place on different trains,'” Shoigu added. 
The Ministry of Defense has released a sneak peak video, showing raw images of Russia's ship-borne air strike force and warships, headed by the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier, but it is unclear when exactly the footage was shot. 
A war of words was unleashed in late October when the Spanish media reported that the Russian naval ships would be making a stopover at the autonomous port of Ceuta after passing the Straits of Gibraltar. 
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg made it crystal clear that the bloc wanted Madrid to rethink the stopover permit. ' We are concerned and I have expressed that very clearly about potential use of this battle group to increase Russia's ability and to be a platform for airstrikes against Syria ,” he said at that time. Russia withdraws request for carrier battle group to refuel in Spain amid NATO pressure on Madrid 
Belgium's former prime minister and current EU envoy to the UK for Brexit talks, Guy Verhofstadt, said in a Facebook post that, despite being a NATO member, Spain 'provides assistance to a fleet which has one purpose, ” noting that ' only last week this Spanish Government signed up to a statement from the European Council accusing Russia of war crimes against civilians in Aleppo.” 
Reneging on a previous agreement with Moscow, the Spanish Foreign Ministry reacted by issuing a statement declaring that Madrid could refuse permission to the Russian warships, which were heading for the Mediterranean to enter Ceuta, a Spanish enclave on the North African coast. 
While the Western media reported that Russia had withdrawn its request for a stopover, the Russian Defense Ministry said such a stop had never been on the schedule in the first place. 
'The Russian aircraft carrier group is fully supplied with sufficient material stocks to carry out its mission in the off-shore maritime zone in autonomous mode,” said ministry spokesman Major-General Igor Konashenkov. 
Soon thereafter, Malta was forced to make a statement refuting media reports that the carrier group would be refueling at one of its ports. 
The Russian warships, including the Admiral Kuznetsov, the Pyotr Veliky battle cruiser, and the Severomorsk and Vice-Admiral Kulakov anti-submarine warfare destroyers, were sent to the Mediterranean on October 15. 
'The goal of the campaign is to ensure a naval presence in operationally important areas of the oceans,” Russia's Defense Ministry said in a statement. 
READ MORE: Battle Stations! Putin's fearsome fleet locked, loaded & ready for war with Britain… or not 
The Admiral Kuznetsov carrier group's tour has caused a media frenzy across Europe, with British, Norwegian, and Dutch navies sending frigates and surveillance vessels to shadow the Russian warships as they rounded European shores through international waters. 
Shoigu said on Tuesday that the Russian naval group had arrived in the Mediterranean Sea from the Atlantic Ocean, according to TASS news agency. 
'Last week, our ship-borne air strike force, led by the missile cruiser Pyotr Veliky, made a passage through the eastern Atlantic into the Mediterranean Sea. On October 27-29, support vessels replenished the naval group with all kinds of supplies to the required level, ” Shoigu said. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by GPD on November 1, 2016, With 63 Reads Filed under Military . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS ‹ › Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Iraqi Army Discovers US-Made Missiles in ISIS's Military Base in Mosul By Ian Greenhalgh on November 2, 2016 Iraqi Army Discovers US-Made Missiles in ISIS's Military Base in Mosul Iraqi Army Discovers US-Made Missiles in ISIS's Military Base in Mosul 
Iraqi army and popular forces have discovered a number of US-made missiles from a military position of the ISIS (ISIL, IS, Daesh) in the Southern part of Mosul, informed local sources disclosed after the first group of pro-government troops opened their way into Southern Mosul on Monday. 
'Several US-made missiles were found in al-Shoura region to the South of Mosul,” a local source said on Monday. 
The Iraqi army and popular forces had found US-made missiles in Anbar province several times before. 
Provincial officials confirmed that the US-made weapons were sent by the US-led anti-ISIL coalition airplane for the ISIL terrorists in Anbar province. 
Meantime, Iraqi security officials announced that the ISIL has sent US-made military equipment to Tal Afar region in the last two days to stand strong against Iraqi popular forces' impending attack to capture the region. 
'The ISIL terrorists have sent US-made TOW anti-tank missiles to Tal Afar and it is quite evident that they are preparing for a long-term war,” the Arabic-language media quoted an Iraqi security official as saying on Monday. 
In late August 2015, a senior Iraqi intelligence official revealed that the US helicopters drop weapons and other aids for the ISIL terrorists in the Western province of al-Anbar. 
'The fighters present at the forefront of fighting against the ISIL always see US helicopters flying over the ISIL-controlled areas and dropping weapons and urgent aids for them,” the official who called for anonymity told FNA. Yet, he said the helicopters could have also been sent from Turkey or Israel. 
He added that in addition to dropping aids, the helicopters transfer the ISIL ringleaders and wounded members from the battleground to some hospitals in Syria or other countries which support the terrorist group. 
The official cautioned that such assistance further prolongs the conflicts in Anbar, adding that when the Iraqi army and popular forces purge the terrorists from Anbar province, the US helicopters will transfer the ISIL ringleaders to other regions to prevent the Iraqi forces' access to ISIL secrets. 
Also in March 2015, a group of Iraqi popular forces known as Al-Hashad Al-Shabi shot down the US Army helicopter that was carrying weapons for the ISIL in the Western parts of Al-Baghdadi region in Al-Anbar province. 
Meantime in February 2015, a senior lawmaker disclosed that Iraq's army had shot down two British planes as they were carrying weapons for the ISIL terrorists in Al-Anbar province. 
'The Iraqi Parliament's National Security and Defense Committee has access to the photos of both planes that are British and have crashed while they were carrying weapons for the ISIL,” al-Zameli said. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

By Muhammed Ali Carter on November 2, 2016 Lebanon's future now rests in the hands of a man older than the supreme leader of Iran. Lebanese celebrate in the streets of the coastal city of Batroun after election of former general Michel Aoun as president 
The news didn't come as much of a surprise in the end. Presidential posters with Michel Aoun's face were already being hung around east Beirut before the results had even been released but now it's official, Lebanon has finally elected a new president! Michel Aoun, a Maronite Christian and former military chief, was elected on Monday making him the country's 17th president, ending a two-year political vacuum in the country's top post that had left Lebanon paralysed. Aoun now takes the reigns of a country heavily plagued by poverty, joblessness, a massive refugee overload with refugees from various countries, practically non-existent public services, constant threat of war from their southern neighbour Israel, and bomb attacks from Salafi terrorists. 
Interestingly enough, this is the second time that Aoun has been announced the President (according to himself) when he and the Christian-led military government of East Beirut appointed itself in 1988 and anyone who dared disputed this was met with violence, which did eventually occur. Aoun even went on to fight a 'war of liberation' against the Syrian Arab army forces stationed in Lebanon during 1990 [i] which ended in failure and forced Aoun to flee his native land into exile in France. [ii] 
The man behind the poster 
Aoun is considered, by his supporters, to be a strong leader with a military background who knows how to play the political field to achieve his goals. On the other hand, most Lebanese I have spoken to about Aoun have offered plenty of negative feedback even from people who I assumed would throw their full support behind the old boy. Corrupt, untrustworthy, an overall slippery character who has been lucky enough to pick the right partners since his return to Lebanon after his 15-year exile. 
I have to admit, the side of my personality that appreciates dark comedy chuckled at the picture of President Aoun sitting in the big chair of the Baabda presidential palace with just the slightest whisper of a cheeky smile on his face. The last time Aoun held the Baabda palace, the Syrian army under the authority of Michel Aoun, pictured at the presidential palace in Baabdaafter being elected President of Lebanon. 
President Hafez Al-Assad of Syria, bombed him out in a US-backed attempt to illuminate a stubborn Lebanese nationalist troublemaker. Yet now, twenty-six years later, Bashar Al-Assad (the son of Hafez) offered his personal congratulations to Aoun on his election victory. [iii] Just maybe, President Aoun also shares my dark humour, which would explain his sly self-satisfied smirk while he sat in his long-awaited prize seat. Despite all the odds, he has returned to Lebanon and claimed what he had always wanted, the presidency. 
Aoun carries with him a considerable amount of political baggage from a long career full of conflict, civil war and side switching which has left many in Lebanon questioning if this old-school lord of war is the man worth appointing to end the political stalemate which some have suggested – Lebanon would be better off remaining politically frozen – instead of appointing a man who has fought against the Assad administration in Lebanon during the late 80's but now fully backs Assad and Hezbollah in Syria. This is a totally understandable stance given the lack of honest candidates available in Lebanese politics, however, the fact remains that Lebanon has been left completely disabled by the political deadlock which is pushing the country to the brink. 
I personally agree with the Progressive Socialist Party and Druze leader Walid Jumblatt who said on Twitter prior to the vote that it's time to elect 'any' president to escape the presidential vacuum. [iv] 
Why elect Aoun now? 
I have a growing concern that behind closed doors some very egotistical and conniving millionaires are beginning to see the massive potential gas wealth just sitting off the Lebanese coast [v] but Lebanon's political class has been far too busy infighting among themselves to invest in steps towards harvesting and selling Lebanese gas. 
Israel & Egypt also have their eyes on this untapped wealth lying below the Mediterranean. [vi] Perhaps this could be why so many old adversaries of Aoun have decided to suddenly put an end to their refusal to back Hezbollah's ally for president; Hariri who is smart enough to see this type of opportunity on the horizon and just about desperate enough to surrender his staunch opposition to Aoun's candidacy in return for inclusion in any future plans. Given Hariri's recent bad luck with his struggling business in Saudi Arabia, I wouldn't put it past him. [vii] 
Imagine, Saad Hariri, who is still eagerly perusing the trial and conviction of what he believes where Hezbollah hitmen who Michel Aoun (L) at news conference, beside Lebanon's former prime minister Saad al-Hariri, after Hariri announced that he will back Aoun to become president 
assassinated his father, Rafic Hariri, is now willing to throw his vote to Hezbollah's candidate in order to secure the position (also for the second time) as prime minister. 

Certainly there are many more aspects to consider in what has been a rollercoaster two-year timeline leading up to yesterday's grand finale but I suspect that Lebanon's political godfathers are smart enough to realize they are sitting on a potential trillion dollar money maker which, now, is at risk of being high jacked if they continue pussyfooting around over never ending, decades-old sectarian feuds. 
What Could Aoun Bring? 
During my last trip to Lebanon, I was shocked to see how even the average middle-class Lebanese struggle with the lack of basic services. The country is a mess and the only institution that is worth any praise is the Lebanese army that has coped remarkably well under the strains of constant terror attacks from radical Salafi terrorists [viii] , the rise of regional sectarianism and a huge lack of money & equipment. 
Aoun, the one-time proxy of Saddam Hussein [ix] (the Iraqi dictator who fought a long bloody war against Iran) is now considered the candidate who confirms an Iranian political victory over its competitor for political influence in Lebanon, Saudi Arabia. 
What has largely held the country back is the fact that Lebanon has been stuck in a vicious game of tug-of-war between Saudi & Iran. Lebanon's refusal to pick a side has left the country empty handed with no vision of a safe future. Saudi has cancelled a desperately needed arms deal with a pathetic excuse, blaming the deal cancellation on a statement made by Lebanon's foreign minister (who happens to be Aoun's son-in-law) Gebran Bassil who refused to accept a Saudi-proposed statement referring to Hezbollah as a terrorist group. [x] The Saudi produced statement Left, Lebanon FM Gebran Bassil. Centre Maronite Patriarch Beshara Rai. Right, Michel Aoun President of Lebanon. 
also demanded all Arab league members to condemn Iran which both Lebanon & Iraq refused to do. 
However, in previous attempts to remain neutral, Lebanon has also refused to accept any Iranian or Russian offers to provide free arms deliveries to the Lebanese army in order not to upset the countries ties to the US or the Gulf. Now that Aoun holds office, Lebanon may have the guts to finally accept Iran's offers of arms and economic support to better supply its security forces and enhance Lebanese ability to protect itself and boost its frail economy. 
I have to give Aoun credit, In his first speech after becoming president, he pledged to fight corruption and protect Lebanon from the fires raging around it, referring to the Syrian civil war. Aoun was also talking tough against Israel according to Hezbollah's Al Manar-TV with promises to liberate contested territory which Aoun labelled an 'Israeli occupation,” referring to Israeli-occupied parts of the Golan Heights. Iran too has been quick to hail Aoun with congratulations. Ali Akbar Velayati a veteran MP of the Islamic Republic, described the choice as a victory for Iran and its allies in Lebanon because the Lebanese president is 'a very significant ring in the chain of the Islamic resistance,”. [xi] 
Aoun has been willing to publicly side with Iran's ally Hezbollah and his son-in-law foreign minister Bassil refused to condemn Iran politically while under pressure to do so from most of the Arab league, so it seems fair to expect that Aoun's Lebanon would be willing to build bridges between Beirut and Tehran, despite the offence this would cause to the Gulf. 
Whether you like Aoun or not all that really matters at such a desperate stage is whether he has what it takes to do a good job or not. Yes, he is old and has a dodgy past but to be frank everyone in Lebanese politics does. There is not a single candidate who could make all sides happy and there is probably not a single candidate who will not abuse his position to one degree or another but if Aoun is willing to at least take care of the country's basic needs then most Lebanese would accept his leadership with just the usual contempt and frustration towards their political class which is typical of the Lebanese. 
Lebanon has huge potential to be a successful nation but big challenges must be met with strong, relentless and above all tireless leadership that has a clear vision of what it wants to make the country great again. The President has to be able to balance a relationship with various national (and in some cases sectarian) rival political blocks as well as large international powers, some of which are brutal adversaries, to get the best deal for Lebanon. 
Iran is a country which, like Lebanon, has massive economic opportunities; Lebanon could do very well if they decide to open their doors to Iran on an economic level without childish sectarian restrictions being imposed by Saudi Arabia. 
Long road ahead 
Lebanon is one of a few countries in the middle east with a better educated, modern society which allows many basic freedoms which are considered unacceptable elsewhere in the region. I cannot say in all good continence, that Aoun has what it takes to lead Lebanon to greatness, he has certainly not earned that type of praise from his past exploits. 
I just hope the old boy has a genuine intention as well as the physical will-power to tackle all of Lebanon's various conundrums. Considering Lebanon's future now lies in the hands of an 81-year-old right wing Christian who is known by his followers as 'the general” I think you could all understand my concerns following his appointment. 
Lebanon needs new ideas, the Lebanese establishment has been leaning towards the US & Saudi Arabia for years which has produced nothing tangible on any level. Iran has proven itself, (despite what the Saudi or Israeli media have to say) as a more practical, rational and generally sober partner in the region. I have argued that countries like Lebanon should look to explore the possibility of building potentially prosperous relations with Tehran who for a long time been genuinely interested in building working relationships, especially with Lebanon. 
Lebanon needs to get over its old fruitless relationships and open its doors to whoever is willing to provide real tangible economic support, this is key if Aoun wishes to pursuereal internal reform and investment in Lebanon's knackered institutions. That has to be the priority for any administration seriously planning to turn Lebanon around. 
I hope, for Lebanon's sake, that Aoun will have the capability to reform Lebanon but given his history, age and the massive mountain of difficulties Aoun needs to drag the country over before noticeable changes can be achieved, you can't blame me for choosing to remain sceptical 

References 
[i] 'Aoun calls majority cowards for not waging war on Syria” . Ya Libnan. 25 April 2008. Retrieved 18 May 2008. 'During this period Aoun became critical of American support for Syria and moved closer to Iraq, accepting arms supplies from Saddam Hussein.” 
[ii] BBC News (31 October 2016) Lebanon: Michel Aoun elected president, ending two-year stalemate, Available at: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-37821597 
[iii] France 24 News (31 October 2016 – 20H45) Syria's Assad congratulates Lebanon's new president, Available at: http://www.france24.com/en/20161031-syrias-assad-congratulates-lebanons-new-president 
[iv] Nayla Tueni (Saturday, 22 October 2016 KSA 08:47 – GMT 05:47) Lebanon needs a strong president, not a president by force, Available at: http://english.alarabiya.net/en/views/news/middle-east/2016/10/22/Lebanon-needs-a-strong-president-not-a-president-by-force.html (Accessed: Saturday, 22 October 2016). 
[v] The Daily Star Lebanon (http://www.dailystar.com.lb/Business/Local/2016/Oct-19/377101-its-too-early-for-lebanon-to-celebrate-gas-wealth-study.ashx) It ' s too early for Lebanon to celebrate gas wealth, Available at: http://www.dailystar.com.lb/Business/Local/2016/Oct-19/377101-its-too-early-for-lebanon-to-celebrate-gas-wealth-study.ashx (Accessed: October 19, 2016). 
[vi] Tani Goldstein () Israel willing to use force to protect gas finds, Available at: http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3910329,00.html (Accessed: Published: 24.06.10 , 17:02). 
[vii] By AFP for The Jordan Times (Last updated at Mar 27,2016) Workers suffer in Saudi Arabia as once-mighty Hariri firm falters, Available at: http://www.jordantimes.com/news/business/workers-suffer-saudi-arabia-once-mighty-hariri-firm-falters (Accessed: Mar 27,2016). 
[viii] Matteo Tomasini (Spring 2010) The Salafi Jihadist Threat in Lebanon. [Online]. Available at: http://fletcher.tufts.edu/~/media/Fletcher/Microsites/al%20Nakhlah/archives/pdfs/Tomasini%20The%20Salafi%20Jihadist%20Threat%20in%20Lebanon.pdf 
[ix] The New Arab (Date of publication: 21 October, 2016) Former ally slams Hariri's nomination of Aoun for presidency, Available at: https://www.alaraby.co.uk/english/news/2016/10/21/former-ally-slams-hariris-nomination-of-aoun-for-presidency 
[x] THE LEVANT NEWS — BEIRUT (Feb 20, 2016) Lebanon Foreign Ministry rejects blame in Saudi aid row, Available at: http://the-levant.com/lebanon-foreign-ministry-rejects-blame-in-saudi-aid-row/ (Accessed: ). 
[xi] Oren Dorell (12:28 a.m. EDT November 1, 2016) Lebanon chooses a president supported by Iran and Hezbollah, Available at: http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2016/10/31/lebanon-chooses-president-supported-iran-and-hezbollah/93064358/ Related Posts:
ARTICLE

By Gilad Atzmon on November 2, 2016 Jews see in Trump's popularity a symptom of a fatigue of their own power By Gilad Atzmon 
In her recent Washington Post Article , Jewish academic Cheryl Greenberg makes one valid observation. Trump's criticism of the Jews is far more subtle than his disapproval of other groups and identities (Mexicans, Muslims, Women etc). Though Trump is not known for pulling his punches, when it comes to the Jews, Trump chooses his words very carefully. Trump, according to Greenberg, is so careful 'that it's not clear that Trump himself fully understands the implications of what he's saying.” I guess that the Jewish academic couldn't restrain herself from looking down at the Goy candidate. 
Greenberg sees Trump as a puppet-master who controls his audience by means of 'dog whistling'. 'Trump's references to money, bankers and international conspiracies appear to be deliberate anti-Semitic dog whistles, and his alt-right supporters recognize (and celebrate) that.” 
Greenberg elaborates on her observation, 'first of all, dog whistles serve when overt expressions are not an option; they communicate to those who are familiar with the conspiracy theories but maintain plausible deniability.” According to Greenberg, when Trump wants to communicate a message about the Jews, he uses an indecipherable code intelligible only to half of the Americans… Greenberg and the ADL. 
If Greenberg is correct, if Trump says 'international Bankers' but really means Jews, then both the Republican candidate and half of the American people are fearful of the Jews. They must very well understand what a confrontation with Jewish institutions may entail. They know that, in America, criticism of Mexicans, Women, and Muslims is a kosher territory but even a subtle criticism of Jews may cost them dearly. One may wonder, how did this happen? What is the substance of that magical power that empowers half of Americans to speak in codes when they think about Jews? 
Greenberg seems to raise the right question just to come up with the wrong answer. 'Why would anti-Semitism not be an overt option, while racism, sexism, and xenophobia are?” 
'Americans are less willing to accept blatant anti-Semitism than racism,” Greenberg's answers. 
What Greenberg really wants to say is that Americans can be racists and can say whatever they like about whoever they want. But when it comes to Jews, they refrain. Americans do know very well the geography of the boundaries of correctness. Jewish power is for them a taboo, at least momentarily. America and Americans are fully aware of the enormous power that is bestowed in the hands of just a few Jewish oligarchs within the ubiquitous industries of media, finance, politics, and culture. 
America would have loved to dissolve the situation peacefully but it can't. Jewish power can't be contained or suppressed because we are not even allowed to allude to it, let alone point it out. 
Jewish power is defined as the power to silence criticism of Jewish power. Jewish power, as such, is a ticking timebomb. It is a unique form of self-destructiveness. The history of the Jews proves this point. Time after time it is Jewish power that sets the path towards a glamorous Jewish golden age that leads to the most severe tragic consequences. 
The Jewish phobia of anti semitism is not driven by fear of the gentile. It is actually the other way around. The Jewish fear of antisemitism is the result of Jews being fearful of their own might. Jews tend to recognise that there is something in themselves that evokes animosity from others. This is the true meaning of the Jewish 'Pre Traumatic Stress Syndrome”. It is the acceptance that from here forward, things can only get worse. Many Jews see in Trump's popularity a symptom of a fatigue of their own power. They interpret the nostalgic yearning for 'America being great' as a pining for a Christian past. Something that predates Goldman Sachs' and Soros' dominion. The Jewish aggression towards Trump can be realised as an expression of Jewish guilt. Yet, Trump himself has very little to do with it. He married his daughter to a Jew. He trades with Jews, he loves Israel. He is almost as Jewish as the Clintons. 
Greenberg is optimistic. For her, Trump's popularity is 'the final gasping of white supremacy”. His voters – pretty much half of the American people – are dogs reacting to a man with a whistle. I am not as optimistic as Greenberg. I think that exploring such contempt towards half of the American people in the name of a vague progressive mantra is a very dangerous game. It suggests to me that progressives have reached a state of complete detachment. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 2, 2016 Understanding Lebanon and the political realignment there critical to US understanding of the region...and to our future with Israel 
Lebanon has a new president. The political development puts an end to over two years of power vacuum in the country. On Monday, lawmakers voted to pick General Michel Aoun as Lebanon's 13th president. The election is seen as a victory for the resistance movement Hezbollah, especially after Saad Hariri, the leader of the March 14 Alliance and a close ally of Saudi Arabia, voiced his support for Aoun. On this edition of 'The Debate,' Press TV has asked two analysts why they believe Hariri threw his weight behind Aoun. 
Nabil Mikhail, a professor at The George Washington University, praised Hariri's measure, adding that with this decision, he actually wanted to bring stability back to Lebanon and thus avoid Syria's spillover effects. 
Hariri is a shrewd politician who represents an important segment of the Lebanese society, Mikhail said, adding that by his vote for General Aoun, he aimed to take the country out of the current political deadlock and, ultimately, save it from the repercussions of the Syrian war. 
Mikhail believes that the United States' shrinking power in the Middle East has forced Hariri to face away from Washington. 
'I believe that Saad Hariri could have been motivated, along with others, about a vision that America's role in the Middle East is receding. So, perhaps Russia is the new reality in the Middle East, is a new power. So, anything that is somehow close to Russia will be better for Lebanon,” Mikhail argued. 
Mikhail said that 'so many things have transpired inside Lebanon and inside the Arab region within this year. I would assume that the Syrian civil war and its severity and brutality has convinced him that he can maintain good ties with the [Persian] Gulf states but at the same time study the strategic realities.” 
'He (Hariri) sees that Syria has to be stable in order for Lebanon to be stable. So, he is making calculations. I hope none of them is a miscalculation because the area cannot afford any other catastrophe. So, he displayed again very well maintaining some sort of balance between his Syrian interests and [Persian] Gulf interests and perhaps he can formulate some equilibrium about this.” The image grab shows Gordon Duff (L), a senior editor of Veterans Today based in Ohio, and Nabil Mikhail, a professor at The George Washington University, at Press TV's 'The Debate' show on Monday night. 
Meanwhile, the other guest on the show, Gordon Duff, the editor of Veterans Today , noted that, in his view, the reason behind Hezbollah's victory in Michel Aoun's election is the movement's victories in Syria, especially in Aleppo, which has made it more powerful than ever and has paved the way for domestic victories. 
'If Aleppo falls, and Aleppo will fall, it's only a matter of how long, a victorious and highly-disciplined, highly-trained Hezbollah force, [which is] heavily trained by Russia and by Iran, is going to return to Lebanon. It's a very different force and I believe Hariri is looking at this. Reaching out for what should be a very different Hezbollah could lead to stabilization of the political process in Lebanon that has been out of control,” Duff reiterated. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

By Allen L Roland, PhD on November 2, 2016 The politics of fear is ruling this Presidential election and it's time for our conscience and self-respect to take over and erode fear in the process. There is no better reminder in this process than Chris Hedges whose activist voice to power echoes those of Amy Goodman and others, including myself, who know that this is our moment in 2016 and our conscience and self-respect, not our fears, must be our guide: Allen L Roland, PhD 

' Just remember,' a Marine Corps lieutenant colonel told me as he strapped his pistol belt under his arm before we crossed into Kuwait, 'that none of these boys is fighting for home, for the flag, for all that crap the politicians feed the public. They are fighting for each other, just for each other.” ~ Chris Hedges , War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning 
On a realistic note ~ there is only one party (the War party) ~ there is only one candidate ~ there is only one choice because in the New World Order, there is no choice for it has already been decided by the global establishment ~ all the rest is kabuki theater presented for our entertainment ~ but there are still pockets of truth although their voices have been muted by the corporate media. Chris Hedges is one of those voices as is Amy Goodman and Abby Martin ~ see Abby's take on Hillary Clinton; Video / 24 minutes ~ 
Abby Martin Exposes What Hillary Clinton Really Represents 
On a much lighter note ~ kindly allow me to digress for a few hilarious moments and offer Lionel Nation's take on the total absurdity of this latest Clinton Weiner gate email scandal ~ You Tube / 30 minutes ~ 
Returning to the subject at hand ~ the following are excerpts from a public endorsement letter from Chris Hedges to the STEIN/BARAKA HEADQUARTERS ~ 
' My reporting and writing, which has taken me to many parts of America, has convinced me that the traditional mechanisms of reform, including the two major political parties, have been captured by corporate power . 
We no longer live in a functioning democracy, but a system the political philosopher Sheldon Wolin calls 'inverted totalitarianism.” 
We will step outside this system and build alternative movements, including alternative political parties, or see the rise of a Christianized fascism, of which the Trump campaign is the dress rehearsal. 
It is imperative that you join me in contributing to the Stein/Baraka presidential campaign and vote for Jill and Ajamu in the upcoming election. There is no longer any genuine threat from Donald Trump that can be used as an excuse to vote for Hillary Clinton. 
The current policies of austerity and endless war, of wholesale surveillance, of Wall Street fraud and abuse, along with a refusal to enact a massive green energy program to save our environment, will by 2020 ensure the rise of a far-right candidate endowed with a discipline and political skill that eludes Trump. 
If Jill and the Green Party can get 5 percent of the vote we will have $10 million in federal funds in 2020 and broad, nationwide ballot access. This election is about building the momentum for this historical moment. 
The time for resistance, genuine resistance, is now. We must step outside the political mainstream. We must, like Greece and Spain, invest in movements and parties to reverse our corporate coup. 
We must dismantle the neoliberal policies and imperial adventurism that have laid waste to our civil liberties and are destroying the nation and the planet . 
Don't be ruled by fear this election. Be ruled by your conscience. ' 
Chris Hedges 
Allen L Roland, PhD 
Heart centered spiritual consultant and advisor Allen L Roland can be contacted at Allen is also a lecturer and writer who shares a weekly political and social commentary on his web log and website allenroland.com . He is also featured columnist on Veterans Today and is a featured guest on many radio and Television programs.
ARTICLE

Trump Whistles His Dogs ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Syrian War Report – November 2, 2016: ISIS and Al-Nusra Attempt to Cut Off Govt Supply Line to Aleppo By South Front on November 2, 2016 …from SouthFront 
The Syrian Air Force has delivered a high number of air strikes in western Aleppo, targeting militants in in Al-Assad, Rashidin 4, Rashidin 5, the 1070 Apartment Project (1070 AP), Southern Sawmills and along the road to Khan Tuman. 
Since November 1, the fighting in the area has become stationary. The western part of the al-Assad Neighborhood is contested. The al-Nusra led coalition, Jaish al-Fatah, controls the southwestern part of the 1070 AP. The militants' attacks on the 3000 Apartment Project have failed. 
In the 1070 AP, the government forces keep control of 3 groups of buildings. The supply line #1 has been cut off by Jaish al-Fatah. The supply line #2 is vulnerable to fire by militants. The government-controlled sector is separated from Jaish al-Fatah units by an open ground. This is why the militants are not able to take control of these building blocks. 
Clashes in this non-populated area allow the Syrian military to use its advantage in firepower to whittle the jihadist manpower and military equipment, repelling their frontal attacks. Jaish al-Fatah suicide vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices remain the main threat to the army's defenses. 
While Jaish al-Fatah cannot take control of the 1070 AP, the alliance's attacks on the 3000 Apartment Project will hardly be able to lead to any success. 
Syrian troops have repelled an ISIS attack on the government only supply line to Aleppo in the sector between Ithriyah and al-Salamiyah. ISIS attacked the Syrian army in the Wadi al-Adhib region but was forced to retreat after a fierce battle. Last weekend, al-Nusra Front, the leading force of Jaish al-Fatah, attacked the supply line in the sector between Ithriyah and Aleppo, but also failed. 
This clearly shows that despite all controversies, ISIS and the so-called 'moderate opposition' are playing in the same game, attempting to prevent liberation of Aleppo by the government forces. 
Turkey's engineer units are currently building a military base, with an airfield, in the area of Ziyar, south of the Syrian border town of al-Rai, the As Safir newspaper revealed. The newspaper believes that the Turkish regime is going implement the Iraq-like strategy in Syria and set a series of military installations in order to project the military power in the area. 
On November 1, Iraqi security forces (ISF) liberated the strategic Kurdish village of Gogjali in the eastern outskirts of Mosul and seized the nearby state-TV building. By doing this, the ISF has entered the ISIS-controlled city for the first time since it was occupied by ISIS in 2014. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Syrian War Report – November 2, 2016: ISIS and Al-Nusra Attempt to Cut Off Govt Supply Line to Aleppo ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. China's Growing Amphibious Capabilities (Part 1) By South Front on November 3, 2016 …from SouthFront 
This is the first part of the military analysis of China's amphibious capabilities and their influence on the balance of power in the Asia-Pacific region. The second part of the analysis will be released next week. 
The Chinese government has achieved a great deal in terms of modernizing and increasing the capabilities of its armed forces in the past two decades and they are quickly obtaining parity with their counterparts in the West. China has made great strides along the long road to rebuild its military, so that it can compete and excel in the modern battlespace. Much has been written about the fledgling PLAN aircraft carrier program. With one conventional aircraft carrier in service, the Liaoning , and a second carrier being built, China has obviously made the commitment to acquire at least a small aircraft carrier strike capability. 
Another important development, perhaps less sensational and headline catching than aircraft carriers, is the growth and modernization of the amphibious capabilities of both the PLA and PLAN. Chinese military strategists realize that naval power, including naval aviation, can project power and can also provide China with the more subtle, yet very effective means of naval power presence in the region. The presence of Chinese naval power in the region can be leveraged to influence advantage in political struggles with its neighbors. Neither naval presence, nor naval power and naval air power can take (or retake) and hold ground, and thus China has decided that a modern and capable amphibious force of sufficient size is a necessary component of its overall maritime strategy. It is significant that this force has doubled in size over the past five years and has been equipped with new, high-tech weaponry and the beginnings of a viable sealift component that can carry it to battle. 
The beginnings of the Chinese interest in amphibious warfare dates back to the Korean War and the Peoples Republic of China's efforts to defeat the Kuomintang in the 1950s. In 1953, the PLA established the PLA Marine Corps (PLAMC). Although comprising of two brigades of approximately 6,000 officers and men, the PLAMC have undergone a continuous transformation since the Taiwan Strait Crises of the 1990s. The force has been equipped with China's most modern and capable small arms and equipment, and utilizes the new generation of ZBD05/ZBD2000 amphibious assault vehicles. In some ways modeled on the USMC, the PLAMC marines are highly trained in all forms of modern warfighting. They are considered a vital component of China's rapid reaction forces, and are thus highly mobile and kept on a heightened state of readiness. 
The current force structure of the PLAMC is of two brigades, the 1 st Marine Brigade and 164 th Marine Brigade. Each brigade consists of one armored regiment and two marine battalions and various support elements. The PLAMC relies on the high speed of its ZBD05/2000 series vehicles to carry them from offshore amphibious platforms such as the Type 071 LPD. The ZBD05 is the world's fastest armored amphibious assault vehicle, capable of a top speed of 45kph (27mph) in the water. In addition, PLA marines are skilled in air assault operations, small boat assaults and underwater diving operations. 
Although the PLAMC represents a very potent amphibious assault and rapid reaction force, the Chinese political and military leadership realized years ago, that the force is too small to respond to multiple threats across the full scope of China's maritime boundaries, nor large enough to mount a successful invasion of Taiwan. A viable power projection capability in the form of amphibious assault and air assault forces is seen as essential in protecting the nation's interests in Africa, the Indian Ocean, South China Sea and East China Sea, especially as it is confronted by U.S. attempts to contain it. 
Starting in 2014, the Chinese high command decided to expand the two established Amphibious Mechanized Infantry Divisions (AMID) to four. The 1 st and 86 th AMIDs are based in the Nanjing Military Region (Eastern Command), and the 123 rd and 124 th AMIDs are based in the Guangzhou Military Region (Southern Command). Each division is comparable to a mechanized infantry division in size and establishment. The expansion of the AMIDs gives the PLA a greater amphibious capability that might be required in the near future in deterring regional challenges to Chinese territorial claims in both the South and East China Seas, and providing a viable response to violations of its territorial integrity. 
None of China's potential adversaries in the region, other than the United States Navy, have a comparable amphibious warfare force. When combined with the PLAMC, the AMIDS give Chinese diplomacy a very robust practical demonstration of force. Regularly held amphibious exercises showcasing the growing aptitude of these forces only reinforce this reality. Perhaps the most obvious challenges facing the marines and AMIDs, and a major shortcoming that is in the process of remedy, is the lack of heavy sealift capability to transport these units over long sea voyages and within striking range of their theoretical targets. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on November 3, 2016, With 6 Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

Syrian War Report – November 2, 2016: ISIS and Al-Nusra Attempt to Cut Off Govt Supply Line to Aleppo ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Iraq's Popular Mobilization cuts Daesh's main supply route in Mosul By GPD on November 2, 2016 

Iraq's Hashd al-Shaabi forces, also known as the Popular Mobilization Units, have taken control of the main highway connecting the Daesh-held Iraqi city of Mosul and the Takfiris' de facto capital in Syria. 
The group's spokesman, Jaafar al-Husseini, announced on Wednesday that the troops had gained control of the highway linking the northern Iraqi city to Raqqah in a move that effectively cuts the terrorist's main supply line. 
Forces from the Popular Mobilization Units are part of vast operations launched on October 17 by the Iraqi army, Shia and Sunnivolunteer fighters as well as Kurdish Peshmerga forces to retake Mosul, the last stronghold of Daesh in Iraq. 
Meanwhile, Iraqi special forces are carrying out a house-to-house terrorist clearance operation in the newly-recaptured neighborhood of Gogjali in eastern Mosul. 
Lieutenant Colonel Muhanad al-Timimi said that so far eight Daesh militants had been killed during the operation. Iraqi special forces take part in an operation against Daesh militants in Gogjali, west of Mosul, Iraq, on November 2, 2016. 
The Iraqi force also downed a Daesh drone during the operations in Gogjali. 
Earlier, Iraq's Federal Police Forces announced that they had recaptured four villages near city's Hammam al-Alil area. 
Baghdadi trapped in Mosul 
Meanwhile, reports say Daesh's chief, Ibrahim al-Samarrai, also known as Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was hiding in Mosul when the Mosul operations began last month, and is now trapped in the besieged city. 
'Baghdadi is there and, if he is killed, it will mean the collapse of the whole [Daesh] system,” Fuad Hussein, chief of staff to Iraqi Kurdistan President Masoud Barzani, said in a Wednesday interview published by The Independent. 
Hussein noted that Baghdadi's presence in Mosul could prolong the operations to liberate the city, adding that capturing the city would spell the end of Daesh. 
'It is obvious that they will lose, but not how long this will take to happen,” he added. Iraqi special forces take part in an operation against Daesh militants in Gogjali, west of Mosul, Iraq, on November 2, 2016. 
UN voices alarm over Mosul human shields 
In another development, the United Nations Security Council has expressed concerns over reports that Daesh is taking civilians in Mosul from their homes and relocating them in positions where they can be used as human shields. 
The council condemns 'the use of human shields and calls on all parties to take all feasible precautions with a view to avoiding harm to civilians and civilian objects in accordance with international humanitarian law,” said Senegal's Deputy Ambassador Georgui Ciss, whose country currently holds the council's presidency. 
Ciss also noted that the Security Council would 'not like to see the spread of Daesh to neighboring Syria.” 
The remarks came a day after the UN warned that it had received reports of Daesh terrorists forcing thousands of civilians into Mosul, possibly to be used as human shields. 
Residents from various locations around the city have also confirmed the reports. An internally displaced man walks with his belongings at al Khazar camp near Hassan Sham, east of Mosul, Iraq, on November 2, 2016. 
Over one million trapped in the city 
According to the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC), more than one million civilians are trapped in the city, all of whom 'are in grave danger.” 
The aid agency noted that around 18,000 Iraqis had fled their homes since the operation began over two weeks ago to retake the city. 
The NRC's Iraq director, Wolfgang Gressmann, said that aid workers 'are now bracing… for the worst. The lives of 1.2 million civilians are in grave danger, and the future of all of Iraq is now in the balance.” Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by GPD on November 2, 2016, With 278 Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

FBI 'Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 ‹ › Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Trump's Moronic Supporters in the Militias Armed and Ready if Clinton Wins By Ian Greenhalgh on November 3, 2016 Some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Clinton. [Editor's note: The 2016 election has been utterly crazy, all kinds of dangerous morons have slithered out of the woodwork to support Trump because they are desperate for real change and not smart enough to realise that Trump does not offer a true alternative to the usual Washington insiders and any change he did bring would be for the worse. One change that is very sorely needed in the USA is a disarmament of the populace, it is simply crazy that there are hundreds of millions of guns in circulation. The 2nd amendment and the right to bear arms dates from a time when the most dangerous weapon you could buy was a flintlock musket; today when you can buy all kinds of military grade firearms that can hold dozens, even hundreds of rounds, can shoot hundreds of metres with accuracy and have no purpose other than to kill people it is a dangerous anachronism that must be changed if the US is to advance and become a truly civilised society. Try telling that to these gun-toting morons in the militia movement though and all you'll get is a torrent of abuse, insults I have sadly become all too familiar with due to the emails and comments I have had to endure simply for honest reporting on this election where I have rightfully pointed out that Trump is a complete fraud, a creation of Judeo-Zionist organised crime that should be in a jail cell rather than the oval office. There is an even more disturbing and far darker aspect to this however, and that is the close relationship between these right wing militia groups and the FBI. They are both tentacles of a hidden organised crime cabal that is threatening not only to derail this election, but is a clear and present danger to the rule of law and the US constitution. As Gordon and I wrote earlier this week, large parts of the FBI are attempting an insurrection and it is no coincidence that these militia nutjobs are also preparing for some kind of armed uprising should their boy Trump not win the election. Trump has virtually committed treason in recent weeks with his ludicrous statements to his supporters to not accept the election result should Hillary win, thus further provoking the low-IQ snake handling racist bigoted scum that supports him into preparing to commit some kind of attempt at insurrection. This election and all the utter madness it has stirred up would drive a normal person insane, thank god it is nearly over. However, let us all hope that in the coming struggles, be they political or worse, armed conflicts between the state and organised crime supported militia morons, that some semblance of democracy and freedom can be maintained. We will be lucky to come out of this mess without a second civil war erupting and like the first civil war, everybody but the bankers and the crime cabal would be losers. Ian] Worst Case Scenario? Militias Armed and Ready if Clinton Wins 
Down a Georgia country road, camouflaged members of the Three Percent Security Force have mobilized for rifle practice, hand-to-hand combat training — and an impromptu campaign rally for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
'We're here to revive the spirit of 1776 and let everybody know that it's your right, it's your duty as a citizen in the United States of America willing to defend your person and your property, but also to work with other like-minded people to protect your country, you know, for the security of a free state, you know, a well-armed militia is necessary,” said Chris Hill, a paralegal who goes by the code name 'Bloodagent.” 
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
They say they won't fire the first shot, but they're not planning to leave their guns at home, either. 
Trump's populist campaign has energized militia members like Hill, who admire the Republican mogul's promise to deport illegal immigrants, stop Muslims from entering the country and build a wall along the Mexico border. Trump has repeatedly warned that the election may be 'rigged,” and has said he may not respect the results if he does not win. At least one paramilitary group, the Oath Keepers, has called on members to monitor voting sites for signs of fraud. 
Armed paramilitary groups first gained prominence in the early 1990s, fueled by confrontations in Ruby Ridge, Idaho and Waco, Texas, culminating in a militia sympathizer's 1995 bombing of a federal office building in Oklahoma City that killed 168 people. 
Their numbers dwindled following that attack but have spiked in recent years, driven by fears that President Barack Obama will threaten gun ownership and erode the power of local government. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks extremist groups, estimates there were 276 active militias last year, up from 42 in 2008. 
In recent years, armed groups have confronted federal authorities in a series of land-use disputes in the western United States. Federal officials fear more clashes could come after seven militants were acquitted on conspiracy charges for occupying a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon. 
Many fear Clinton would push the county further to the left. 
The Oath Keepers, a prominent anti-government force that sent gun-toting members to the 2014 race riots in Ferguson, Missouri, called on members last week to monitor voting sites on election day for any signs of fraud. 
An hour south of Atlanta, the Three Percent Security Force started the day around the campfire, taking turns shooting automatic pistols and rifles at a makeshift target range. They whooped with approval when blasts from one member's high-powered rifle knocked down a tree. 
The group operates independently, but is affiliated with a national armed movement that calls for members to defend individual rights in the face of what they see as an overreaching federal government. The movement draws its name from the notion that no more than 3 percent of the American population fought in the Revolutionary War against Britain. 
Amid the war games, Hill weighed plans for a possible armed march on Washington if Clinton wins. 
He said he doesn't want his members leading the way, but they will defend the protesters if need be. His group will not hesitate to act if a President Clinton tries to disarm gun owners, he said. 
'With Hillary on one hand we have to worry about our rights — everything, you know, guns — because I got a feeling first thing she's going to do is start putting more and more restrictions on our firearms. And it's going to be damn-near impossible for us to be able to bear arms anymore. And Trump, I'm just worried he's going to stir up the population and cause riots and mayhem,” said Hill, who founded the militia several years ago. 
Trump's candidacy has emboldened extremist groups to speak more openly about challenging the rule of law, analysts say. 
Over the past week, some prominent Trump supporters have hinted at violence. 
Back in Georgia, the Three Percent Security Force wrapped up rifle practice in the midday sun. They then headed further into the trees to tackle an obstacle course with loaded pistols at their sides, ready for whatever may come. 
'Worst case scenario? You know, depending on who gets the office, I'm saying, there's going to be people upset everywhere. But there's going to be rioting, I don't know. Once again, you never know until it actually happens,” member Phillip King said. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on November 3, 2016, With 373 Reads Filed under Politics . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . Both comments and pings are currently closed.
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 2, 2016 Russian military experts have been dispatched to the site of an alleged chemical attack in a government-held area of Aleppo that killed two Syrian servicemen and injured some 40 civilians. Russia is to probe samples of the substance fired by militants. 2 killed, 37 injured in 'poisonous substance' attack on Aleppo – Russian MoD 
'Militants who have been striving in the past days to break though the Syrian Army's exterior defense ring of Aleppo at any cost have used toxic substances multiple times,” Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov said Thursday, as cited by RIA Novosti. 
He added that the analysis of the samples retrieved by the Russian experts in the area will be carried out in Russia at a laboratory accredited by the chemical watchdog OPCW. 
'Experts of the Russian Defense Ministry are equipped with all the necessary technical means of carrying out an express analysis, filtering and delivering samples to the Russian Federation,”Konashenkov said, adding that those 'will be analyzed at the laboratory of chemical-analytical control at the Scientific Center of the Troops of Radiological, Chemical and Biological Defense that is accredited by the Organization for the Prohibition of the Chemical Weapons (OPCW).” 
The spokesman also noted that Russia has not been hitting any targets in Aleppo for 18 days, thus 'fully complying with the moratorium on any actions in the area around Aleppo.” 2 killed, 37 injured in 'poisonous substance' attack on Aleppo – Russian MoD At least two Syrian military personnel were killed and 37 civilians injured in a terrorist attack that struck the government-controlled areas of Aleppo, in which the militants used toxic substances, Russia's center for reconciliation in Syria reported. 
' Illegal armed groups fired homemade shells fitted with poisonous substances against the Dahiyat Al-Assad and Al-Hamdaniya districts in Aleppo ” on Sunday, Russia's Defense Ministry reported. 
The attack was first reported by Syrian media, who said at least 15 people experienced severe breathing problems following the assault. 
A local doctor told RT that the symptoms among the injured pointed to the use of highly toxic chlorine gas. 
On Monday, human rights NGO Amnesty International said it was investigating the incident, which it said could amount to 'a war crime.” 
' What we saw in the videos is symptoms of some kind of an alleged chemical attack, ” Amnesty International Syria researcher Diana Semaan told RT. The organization blamed the armed Syrian opposition for the attack on western Aleppo. 
READ MORE: 'End unlawful attacks in western Aleppo' – Amnesty Intl to armed opposition groups in Syria 
The alleged chemical attack was launched amid a major offensive by the militants against government forces in Aleppo. Rebels from various groups are taking part in the assault, including those fighting under the FSA (Free Syrian Army) banner and Islamist militants. 
In the course of 24 hours, the rebels conducted 58 shelling attacks on government-controlled regions in Syria. Aleppo has come under fire 29 times, according to the reconciliation center data. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 2, 2016 By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor and Ian Greenhalgh, Managing Editor 
Sources within the FBI have informed VT that a cabal tied to right wing extremists, in particular General Paul Vallely's Stand Up America (advocating the violent overthrow of the American government) and the Federalist Society along with groups like St. Hubertus and Bilderberg, now run the rank and file of the FBI. The FBI is now a key component of the secret societies that John F. Kennedy warned about. When top DC insiders meet with oil and defense contractors, be it a 'prayer breakfast” or 'hunting society” or to dance around a fire somewhere wearing horned headgear, the FBI is there. 
Calls for a special prosecutor to investigate possible FBI involvement in attempts to rig this years presidential election have more to them than meet the eye. A culture of corruption has infected the FBI to the point where they have become a danger to national security. Let's be clear, the majority of FBI agents are not only competent and honest, they are fine people. However, this is a deeply political group, strongly right wing, with a very secretive hierarchy that has not only taken sides in the election, but has been involved in covering up terrorist acts and organized crime for years. 
Recently, CNN called for a special prosecutor to investigate the FBI. There is a reason for this, which we will get into, not at some small risk. CNN also reported on 'fake news” and the threat it entails. What if I told you that the majority of FBI agents, including highest level officials, were not only 'birthers,” a belief even Trump now has backed away from, but openly talk about murders they believe Hillary Clinton has committed or continue to insist that President Obama is a Muslim? Worse still, many actually insist that Barack Obama is the anti-Christ. 
Not only are those who run America's most powerful law enforcement organization rooted in conspiracy theories and delusions, they are continually hoaxed by fake news stories. 
Worse still, the FBI has, for years, covered for financial criminals, the payday loan scams, the mortgage 'robo-signers” and more. When America's savings and loans were crashed by fraud during the Reagan administration, costing $1.4 trillion, few went to jail. This may have been the beginning. When, in 2007, America's investment banking system collapsed, the price of that nearing $10 trillion, all of which involved criminal fraud on an unimaginable scale, all that could be done was a 'bail out,” but no prosecutions though nearly half the equity value of the entire nation had been redirected overseas by an international criminal cabal. 
This is the same FBI, under the guidance of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, that got behind torture, kidnapping and illegal surveillance. 
Where we are now is this, organized crime at the highest levels is free to operate in the US with impunity while the FBI runs political witch hunts under the direction of right wing extremist groups. 
We are told that the FBI helped squash the 9/11 investigations, including releasing certain suspects tied to foreign intelligence services along with a series of investigations tied to voter intimidation, voting machine hacking and the death of Michael Connell , which would have brought down the Bush presidency. 
Read today's New York Times about Donald Trump's income taxes, where the term 'improper” is used when describing Trump's taking huge tax deductions for losses by others. Even the Times is afraid of using the term 'criminal.” It isn't Trump they are afraid of. Gambling boss Sheldon Adelson just gave Trump $25m today, dirty money to bolster a flagging campaign, donated after the FBI attempt to down Clinton with a phony email scandal failed miserably due to VT investigative reporting . 
VT's allegations have now all been supported, and sources are coming forward about much more serious problems within the FBI and real threats to national security. 
The Federalists 
There is both a public and private version of the Federalist Society. They organize high school debates, the recruit 'like minded conservatives” to go to law school or in law schools, they push 'right minded” lawyers into key positions in politics, in the courts and in the FBI. There's the rub. There is a dark side to the federalists as well, agenda drive and very 'anti-government,” as much as any militia, in fact 'out neoconning” the neocons hands down. 
The Federalist Society is powerful, embedded everywhere and operating with a grand plan, one that involves something beyond tyranny as we know it, the full unabridged version of the corporate state where superior man is allowed his way and others, well, they learn to lie down and take it. 
This is conservatism, or 'neo-conservatism” as it exists, not on the news but in real life, elitism at the hands of self proclaimed elites 'in their own minds,” empowered mama's boys, ass kissers and the kids that hung around the teacher's skirts during recess so they wouldn't get their tiny little asses handed to them by regular children. 
The Plot 
What if congress were controlled by the Federalists? What if the Federalists controlled, until Scalia was killed anyway, the Supreme Court as well? What if the Federalists organized congress to block judicial appointments, in order to run the courts and control key cases around the country for paying clients, some drug cartels, defense companies but more often big polluters, drug companies and banks, the kind of banks that robo-sign mortgages and bilk customers out of their savings. 
The Federalists run the FBI, having taken over after pushing aside the Mormon contingent, still alive and well but less powerful, that was put in place by Hoover. 
Here's the rub, we have seen congress do little during the Obama presidency but run investigations, some of them like Benghazi, built on 'fake news” and internet conspiracies. We also mentioned that the FBI, rather than being a collection of elitist lawyers and big IQ guys, is now Fox News conspiracy junkies who, after 9/11, ate the entire donut cart of fantasy fed to the general public and have, for more than a decade, chased shadows and fought a war on terror against organization that never existed. 
Where this applies now is in what we have seen over the past few days. We have established the 'crying liberal goodguy” credentials of James Comey, FBI Director. We know he hates torture, fought against, for awhile at least, the surveillance state and certainly convinced President Obama that he was going to be able to clean up the FBI after its long descent into disrepute during the Bush/Gonzales period. 
For years, every time Alex Jones or some other podcaster or blogger, a 'fake news” generator came up with a tale about Hillary Clinton, Congress put millions on the table and began the witch hunt. The version of Benghazi that congress chases around and the one the intelligence agencies know is real are so unrelated as to share almost no facts at all. Everything about Libya was secret, including the shotgun wedding between Gaddaffi and Bush/Blair, a sick threesome involving not just arms dealing but a covert nuclear weapons program, germ warfare labs and surrogate terrorism to be blamed on others, like Syria. 
Where it gets dangerous is here, we have congress controlled by the GOP, a mix of Tea Party true believers, with the wild eyed look worn down a bit and the 'I am for sale, name a price” written on their fat pink little pig faces. 
Mix in the usual suspects, the 'Washington types,” running when told, where told, fully at the services of the lobby, Israel, big Pharma, the drug cartels who top off their Bain Capital/Cayman Islands bank accounts… 
Add to that, the endless obstructionism, the endless investigations and, wait for it, an FBI now controlled by the Federalist Society, the name group that runs the congressional investigations and manages the payoffs as well. 
Then Obama throws Comey into the mix. Here is what we are told; Comey killed the expected prosecution of Hillary not because the investigation showed she didn't commit crimes but because the investigation showed very much that she had committed many crimes, but for one minor problem. The investigation itself was corrupt, fabricating evidence, intimidating witnesses and falsifying everything it touched. The Federalists expected Comey to bend over as he had so many times in the past. Instead, he simply threw it all out. 
The leaders of the FBI cabal met at a contractors ranch in Montana to discuss how to get not only Hillary but Comey as well. The deal was this, take a batch of emails that were 'out there,” and there were hundreds of thousands unaccounted for. Seed classified information into them, for 'security's sake” like had been done before, something Comey caught onto when he killed the FBI's case against Hillary. 
Then to do two things, crash the election and get rid of Comey. With Trump coming in, if things work out, Comey will be replaced with a puppet of choice and the Federalist run FBI will be unleashed to blackmail, torture and fabricate evidence until caught and there will be nobody left to speak up. 
Working hand in hand with them will be congress and pouring money in, the drug cartels, the Israel/Saudi/Turkish lobby, big oil and maybe even the Russians as well, who knows. The sky is the limit. This is just like the good old days with Nixon. 
Setting up Comey was easy. Get the emails, put them on Weiner's computer and fail to legally gain access to them by not applying for a search warrant. Then go to Comey telling him they were just found. With his weak constitution and the abuse he got from Trump's people, combined with the 'line agent insurrection” (yes, this is the term used) for standing up against them once, Comey would fold. 
Comey folded, he took the bait and ran to congress with the weeks old illegally obtained probably seeded and falsified evidence that has burned down his career. 
With calls for FBI Director James Comey to step down and accusations of FBI corruption from both the Trump and Clinton campaigns, sources have begun to come forward. What we are hearing, primarily from inside the FBI but from Washington insiders of both parties, will shake the very foundations of the republic. We begin: 
What We Know 
James Comey has a history as a reformer and advocate of constitutional rights. In 2004, he was brought into the Bush Department of Justice but soon found much amiss and became a critic of torture, rendition and 'cooked” terror cases. President Obama believed he was pulling a fast one by moving Comey, a Republican, into the slot as FBI director. Comey was tasked with reforming the Bureau, which had begun 'cowboying” cases and making up the rules, widely abusing even its broadened powers under anti-terror legislation that many legal experts cite as being unconstitutional. To many in the FBI, the Patriot Acts and FISA weren't tyrannical enough. 
The FBI is overrun with factions and some of them are closely tied to extremist groups that advocate the overthrow of the United States government. 
Let's be clear, most FBI agents are lawyers, many are experienced law enforcement officers and, typically, the majority are frighteningly honest, a bit dull and very right wing. Most FBI agents are 'birthers,” and still believe that President Obama is a Muslim and was born in Kenya, though there is no evidence, whatsoever, to imply that either assertion has merit. 
Still they believe this. In discussions with FBI agents and ranking FBI officials, invariably they are horribly uninformed on international affairs and seem as though they get their ideas about terror threats from TV shows. Most are not rooted in reality, not by standards of an intelligence agency or military command. The FBI has developed a closed culture, almost cult-like, where influences are often extremist, sometimes religious and were the organs of oversight and control have broken down. 
The FBI can't be trusted. 
The public knows that Director Comey wrote a letter to congress where he expressed an obligation to inform congress of evidence he had just received that indicated that not all emails between former Secretary of State Clinton and others, sent through a private server, had been evaluated for potential criminal elements. The letter went no further. 
Comey had been warned not to send the letter, advised may be a better term, by Attorney General Loretta Lynch and other officials, making their case that he is not authorized to released such information and that the timing of this was highly suspect and this act would damage the reputation of the FBI. 
Lynch was unaware that the emails had, in fact, been around for a up to a month. She was alway unaware that they had been illegally downloaded or 'synced” into Anthony Weiner's computer. She was further unaware that existing search warrants made viewing or evaluating these emails, in any way, no matter how they had been accessed, was illegal. 
Thus, when Comey commented in his letter about the basic nature of the emails, information only available through a process that violated law, he moved into the area of gross misconduct, perhaps criminal misconduct and left himself open for accusations of Hatch Act violation. The basis Comey applied for rationalizing his act was predicated on these points: A valid search warrant that covered these emails was in place. It was not. These emails had been, in fact, already in the hard drive and were not placed there, 'planted” or 'synced” by the FBI. If Comey were told this or failed to ask or make certain, the standard for conspiracy and obstruction charges exist within his office and the case management team at the FBI. Comey based his letter on what he claimed was his belief that these emails had just been discovered. In fact they had been around for as long as five weeks, a fact that raises more questions: Why did Comey wait until just prior to an election? Who did he talk to? What transpired during this period? Why did Comey not as for a search warrant to review the emails, though we know the process, or at least a cursory and quite illegal process had already begun, until after he wrote his letter and was bombarded with criticism? 
A powerful group of FBI agents, opposed to Hillary Clinton, a group that includes extremists tied to the are the force behind the bizarre letter Director James Comey wrote to Congress last Friday, which have led to calls for his resignation and even arrest. 

The FBI claims it knew of the Weiner/Abedin emails as early as September 22, 2016 and had certainly accessed them, without a warrant, by October 3 or 4. 
Director Comey's letter to Congress makes reference to knowledge that could only be obtained by reviewing minimally header material but also limited text in the emails, which he makes note of, though there is no legal basis for him having any information at all, as no warrant was issued until yesterday. 
Yesterday, Comey announced that the emails had been held for some time. If this is true, it was done without his knowledge, a serious breach of national security. If he did know, it is for Comey to show how he dealt with that knowledge for the past 30 days, with whom he conferred and why he waited. This is where Senator Reid finds basis for citing Comey as in criminal violation of the Hatch Act and sees likely intent on Comey's part to rig an election. 

Things in Washington are coming apart as a pattern of 'cowboying,” up to and including criminal acts, planting evidence, Hatch Act violations, perjury and obstruction may well have infected the FBI. Sources indicate that 'line agents” within the FBI who either support the Trump candidacy or strongly oppose Hillary Clinton, are using the Bureau to try to rig this year's presidential election, an assertion now echoing around Washington. 
The Hillary email issues, cited by Senator Harry Reid (D) Utah as a violation of the Hatch Act, Federal employees involved in rigging an election, is only the tip of the iceberg. Yesterday, FBI Director James Comey admitted that he didn't know agents had withheld emails by Clinton aide, Huma Abedin, that he mistakenly reported to congress as a recent discovery. 
In fact, not only had the agents held these emails for weeks, as early as September 22, 2016, they had failed to ask for a warrant to even view them. Moreover, the acquisition of the emails itself was, according to numerous sources, an abuse of a warrant. Worse still, as the emails weren't actually even on the computer but were loaded to it, and then misrepresented as being 'found” on the computer's hard drive. 
Practices like this were commonplace during the second Bush administration and it was James Comey that was brought in to institute reforms and end the procedural abuses that had become rampant inside the Bureau. After 9/11 sweeping changes in surveillance legislation and broadly expanded powers instilled in many agents, according to sources in the Department of Justice, a broad disrespect for constitutional guarantees. 
'They went a bit nuts there, and by the time Ashcroft (Attorney General) tried to rein them in, it was too late. Ashcroft was sick and was eventually pushed out by even stronger advocates of enhanced interrogation and the rule of the day, 'rounding up the usual suspects,” guilty or not, in order to make the papers and sell more terror legislation.”
ARTICLE

  Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Turkish Disinfo: Daesh terrorist leader Baghdadi urges followers to attack Turkey By Ian Greenhalgh on November 3, 2016 Turkish map showing the planned annexation of northern Syrian and Iraq including the cities of Mosul and Aleppo [Editor's note: This story is deliberate disinfo put out by a newspaper that is controlled by the Turkish government and functions as a mouthpiece for their propaganda and disinfo. The claim that Daesh is to target Turkey is nonsense, the goal of this story is to give Turkey an excuse for further military action in Syria and Iraq, they can simply use the excuse that they are attacking Daesh in response to Al-Baghdadi's call for attacks on Turkey. Turkey aims to seize large portions of Syrian and Iraqi territory including the cities of Mosul and Aleppo, they are planning to move on Kurdish held Manbij shortly and have been massing forces on their side of the border in preparation for further offensive moves. The big question is why the US and Russia are remaining silent on the matter of Turkish military adventurism aimed at annexation of Syrian and Iraqi territory in order to create what Davutoglu calls 'Lebensraum' for the Turkish people, part of a plan to restore the Ottoman empire. Ian] Daesh terrorist leader Baghdadi urges followers to attack Turkey 
The Daesh terrorist group's leader   who is currently believed to be in Mosul, called on his supporters to take the battle to Turkey and carry out attacks in the country. Baghdadi's call, which was released in a voice recording on Thursday, is the first message he issued after Iraqi forces backed by the U.S. launched an offensive in Mosul to take the city back from the terrorists. 
In the 31-minute-long recording, Baghdadi expressed confidence that Daesh will be victorious in Mosul, and told his followers to invade Turkey. 
'Unleash the fire of your anger on Turkish troops in Syria” the terrorist leader said and added: 
'Turkey today entered your range of action and the aim of your struggle … invade it and turn its safety into fear.” 
Baghdadi claimed that Turkey is cooperating with Atheists, therefore deserves to be attacked and targeted. 
He also urged Daesh terrorist fighters to target security forces, members of the ruling Al Saud monarch and media outlets in Saudi Arabia and launch simultaneous attacks, as he claimed they were also cooperating with 'infidel nations' in Syria and Iraq. 
With a population of over 1.5 million people, Mosul stands as a bastion of the terrorist group. 
Turkey launched Operation Euphrates Shield in late August to clear Syria's northern border area of terrorists. The Free Syrian Army (FSA) units backed by Turkish forces were able to liberate Jarablus and more than 32 villages west of the Euphrates River following Turkey's operation. 
In December 2015, Daesh released a video urging the conquest of Istanbul and Turkey and called President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 'Satan,' while harshly criticizing him for supporting the U.S.-led coalition against the terrorists. 
In its determined fight against the terrorists, Turkey has prevented the entry of over 52,075 people from entering the country and detained thousands of Daesh suspects, since the start of 2016, according to Interior Ministry figures. Moreover, since 2011, Turkey has deported more than 3,290 foreign terrorist fighters from 95 countries and refused entry to more than 38,269 individuals in its fight against Daesh, which counts the Muslim-majority country as an enemy. 
Daesh terrorists frequently target Turkey, which has recognized it as a terrorist group in October 2013. It is responsible for a string of terror attacks in Ankara and Istanbul, as well as cross-border fire from Syria that has killed a number of residents in Turkish border towns over the last year. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

By Jonas E. Alexis on November 3, 2016 Putin: 'Is this the result of erosion of the traditional national values? I don't even know how to explain it. Maybe they have a guilty conscience because of the refugee crises. " 'Why can't those people get a simple concept through their heads?” …by Jonas E. Alexis 

No, the Khazarian Mafia and their lackeys will never report that Vladimir Putin, the man who has been called all sorts of disgusting names, is actually fighting in order to save the moral fabric of Europe. In 2014, he argued that ' a faith in God and a belief in Satan ” are incompatible. 
Putin moved on to argue that any policy that puts 'multi-child family and a same-sex partnership” on the same level is on 'the path to degradation.” 
More recently, there have been numerous rape allegations in Europe. In fact, many so-called refugees have been literally caught with their pants down. The British newspaper the Independent has recently reported: 
' A man who raped a 10-year-old boy at a swimming pool in Austria has had his conviction overturned after judges found he may have believed the child consented. 
'Police said the 20-year-old Iraqi refugee, who has not been named, assaulted his victim in a toilet cubicle at the Theresienbad swimming pool in Vienna on 2 December last year. 
'The child reported the rape to a lifeguard and his attacker was arrested at the scene, reportedly telling officers in initial interviews that he was experiencing a 'sexual emergency' after not having sex in four months.” 
Obviously there is a problem here. Putin responded by saying: ' So, what' going on now? A refugee raped a child in one of the European countries. The court let him free on two grounds: he doesn't speak the language of the residence country, and he didn't understand that [the] boy was against the rape. It's just hard to imagine what Europeans are going… 'Is this the result of erosion of the traditional national values? I don't even know how to explain it. Maybe they have a guilty conscience because of the refugee crises. A society that cannot defend its children today, has no tomorrow. It has no future.” 
Indeed. We should add that the Neoconservative Mafia and their marionettes are largely responsible for the rape crisis in Europe. Never forget what flaming Neocon Daniel Pipes said. 
After postulating that 'Western governments should respond by helping the rebels to prevent Assad from crushing them,” Pipes added back in 2013: 'the West should prevent either side in the civil war from emerging victorious by helping whichever side is losing, so as to prolong their conflict.'” [1] 
Did you catch the diabolical proposition here? Pipes himself admitted that this ideology is really weird: 'This policy recommendation of 'helping whichever side is losing' sounds odd, I admit, but it is strategic.” [2] 
Well, it is only 'strategic” for Pipes and his minions, who have been waging a frontal war against the moral and political order from time immemorial. Their subversive movements across Europe have been responsible for Bolshevik Revolution, for Abu Ghraib, and indeed for the debacle in Syria. So, whenever people like Pipes beat the perpetual war drum, rest assured that rape will largely be the end result. 
Furthermore, if the so-called refugees are raping boys by the numbers, then European officials should fire a moral and political shot at people like Daniel Pipes and other people who don't give a flip about saving both the Middle East and indeed Europe from slow destruction. If the late rabbi Ovadia Yosef was right, that Goyim are donkeys and that they 'were born to serve” Jews, [3] then it doesn't really matter who gets raped in the process at all. 
Yosef himself said that the Goyim 'need to die, but [God] will give them longevity. Why? Imagine that one's donkey would die, they'd lose their money. This is his servant… That's why he gets a long life, to work well for this Jew.” [4] 
Well, the young Goyim are dying in Europe, and no serious politician gives a flip about them because those politicians, as we shall see in the next installment, are in cahoots with the Khazarian Mafia in Israel and other places. Putin again is trying to help Europe by indirectly appealing to an implicit moral law, which he says is imbedded in traditional values. 
[1] Daniel Pipes, 'Support the Syrian Rebels?,” National Review , May 12, 2013. 
[2] Ibid. 
[3] 'Tradition Today: Jews and gentiles,” Jerusalem Post , November 12, 2010. 
[4] Lazar Berman, '5 of Ovadia Yosef's most controversial quotations,” Times of Israel , October 9, 2013. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Russian experts collecting evidence of anti-govt chemical attack in Aleppo – Defense Ministry ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Syrian War Report – November 3, 2016: Egyptian Officers Arrive in Syria By South Front on November 3, 2016 …from SouthFront 
Over 2,500 militants have been killed and wounded in western Aleppo since the start of Al-Nusra-led attempt to break the government forces' defenses in the area on October 28, according to sources in the Syrian military. Considering that the total striking force deployed by Jaish al-Fatah coalition for the operation was about 5,000 fighters, it's clear why the militant coalition failed to achieve its military goals. 
An infighting allegedly started between Harakat Nour al-Din al-Zenki and Fastaqim Kama Umirt militant groupsin Salaheddine and Al-Ansari Mashhad areas in Aleppo city on November 2. Nour al-Din al-Zenki stormed Fastaqim Kama Umirt checkpoints and arrested dozens of Fastaqim Kama fighters including their commander 'Istakem kma Oumrt'. At least 1 militant was reported dead and 25 injured as result of the clashes. The conflict among 'moderate rebels' reportedly appeared because Fastaqim Kama Umirt was considering a possibility to leave Aleppo through corridors set up by the Syrian and Russian military. 
The Russian general staff has announced that President Vladimir Putin had ordered a humanitarian pause in Aleppo from 9am to 7pm on November 4. 
'Considering that our American colleagues were unable to separate the opposition from terrorists, we are addressing all militant leaders directly, urging them to cease hostilities and leave Aleppo with their arms,” General Valery Gerasimov, the chief of the Russian General Staff said, adding that 'Two corridors will be opened, from which Syrian troops and weapons would be pulled back.” Six additional corridors will be opened for civilians. 
A group of Egyptian officers allegedly arrived in Syria on November 1 in order to learn from Russian military advisers that are embedded with government troops at the battle against terrorists across the country. The development took place amid the ongoing expansion of military cooperation between Russia and Egypt. In October 2016, Russian airborne troops arrived Egypt to participate in a joint military drill with the host country. The drill was codenamed 'Defenders of Friendship 2016”. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on November 3, 2016, With 926 Reads Filed under WarZone . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 2 Responses to " Syrian War Report – November 3, 2016: Egyptian Officers Arrive in Syria " Paedo hunter November 3, 2016 at 9:35 am 
Kerry's awfully quiet these days……as is Erdogan
ARTICLE

Russian experts collecting evidence of anti-govt chemical attack in Aleppo – Defense Ministry ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board 'Wikileaks is the Mossad, Stupid, Not the Russians, We are playing them like a fiddle…” Assange (sort of) By GPD on November 3, 2016 
[Editor's note: John Pilger was identified long ago as an Israel operative by author Jeff Gates. Wikileaks by VT and Zbigniew Brzezinski. RT was identified some time ago as 'penetrated.” Both RT and Sputnik News have been used and, to some extent, 'turned” to seem propaganda-like, more than usual and to make them an easy target. This is huge damage to Russia. g] 
In a John Pilger Special, to be exclusively broadcast by RT on Saturday courtesy of Dartmouth Films, whistleblower Julian Assange categorically denied that the troves of US Democratic Party and Clinton work and staff emails released this year have come from the Russian government. 
'The Clinton camp has been able to project a neo-McCarthyist hysteria that Russia is responsible for everything. Hillary Clinton has stated multiple times, falsely, that 17 US intelligence agencies had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That's false – we can say that the Russian government is not the source,” Assange told the veteran Australian broadcaster as part of a 25-minute John Pilger Special, courtesy of Dartmouth Films. 
Assange, who spoke with Pilger at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, where he has been for four years, also accused the US presidential candidate of being a pawn of behind-the-scenes interests, and voiced doubts about her physical fitness to take charge of the White House. Assange claims 'crazed' Clinton campaign tried to hack WikiLeaks 
'Hillary Clinton is just one person. I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person, because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick – for example faint – as a result of going on, and going with their ambitions. But she represents a whole network of people, and a whole network of relationships with particular states.” 
Over the past nine months, WikiLeaks uploaded over 30,000 emails from Hillary Clinton's private email server, while she was Secretary of State. This was followed by nearly 20,000 emails sent to and by members of the US Democratic National Committee, exposing the party leadership's dismissive attitude to Bernie Sanders, and his outsider primaries campaign. 
Finally, last month, WikiLeaks posted over 50,000 emails connected to John Podesta, Bill Clinton's chief of staff, and a close associate of the current presidential frontrunner. 
The Homeland Security Department and Office of the Director of National Intelligence posted a joint statement in October, claiming they were 'confident” that the Russian government 'directed” this year's leaks. 
Moscow has rejected the accusation, with presidential press secretary Dmitry Peskov calling the claims 'nonsense,” while Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said the 'public bickering with Russia” before the US election is probably a 'smokescreen” to draw the voters' attention away from serious domestic issues. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Russian experts collecting evidence of anti-govt chemical attack in Aleppo – Defense Ministry ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Your premier federal government employee and veteran shopping program By GPD on November 2, 2016 Interest-free shopping starts here CLICK IMAGE TO START SHOPPING >>>>> 
Veterans can skip unnecessary credit card fees by using the convenient federal government shopping program powered by PayCheck Direct ® . It is designed to extend the reach of one's wallet by allowing veterans to buy what they want and need today and make interest-free payments over 12 months. 
Veterans looking for great gifts for the holidays can find something for everyone at PayCheck Direct. The Movie Lover: 4K TVs and popcorn makers The Cook: Rachael Ray, Le Creuset, Cuisinart Kids: Wonder Woman to Star Wars, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Chip the Dog The Tech Head: Apple watches, Samsung Virtual Reality headsets The Fashionista: Frye boots, Michael Kors handbags 
With the VTN member shopping program powered by PayCheck Direct , federal government employees and veterans can enjoy: Paying no interest Low, convenient payments over 12 months Paying no fees † No credit checks Thousands of name-brand products 
This shopping program provides convenient and affordable buying assistance for both planned and unexpected purchases. From the fun of a new laptop or living room set to the comfort and convenience of a new bed, all the necessities are available up to each person's purchase limit. Purchase limits are based on individual federal government employee or veteran income, so budgets stay on target. 
Shop online 24/7 at www.mypaycheckdirect.com/gov or place orders by calling PayCheck Direct Customer Service at 866-441-9160, Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. CT. Each time an order is placed, the PayCheck Direct systems automatically confirm that the purchaser meets all eligibility requirements (age, income, tenure and employment status) as well as purchase limit. 
Start shopping the PayCheck Direct program today. It's easy, affordable and interest free. 
To learn more about purchase limits, payments, our return policy and other important details about the program, go to your shopping website and click on Customer Service or see your installment agreement generated during the checkout process. PayCheck Direct ® is operated by Bluestem Enterprises, Inc. 
†See details on installment agreement generated during the checkout process. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Wikileaks is the Mossad, Stupid, Not the Russians, We are playing them like a fiddle…” Assange (sort of) ‹ › Dr. Kevin Barrett, a Ph.D. Arabist-Islamologist, is one of America's best-known critics of the War on Terror. He is Host of TRUTH JIHAD RADIO ; a hard driving weekly LIVE call in radio show. He also has appeared many times on Fox, CNN, PBS and other broadcast outlets, and has inspired feature stories and op-eds in the New York Times, the Christian Science Monitor, the Chicago Tribune, and other leading publications. Dr. Barrett has taught at colleges and universities in San Francisco, Paris, and Wisconsin, where he ran for Congress in 2008. He currently works as a nonprofit organizer, author, and talk radio host. Iranians had every right to take over US embassy By Kevin Barrett on November 3, 2016 The 'Den of Espionage” – the former US Embassy whose top floor was a maze of wiring that tapped every phone call in Iran (click HERE to watch The Debate) 
I think Americans ought to storm and occupy our own NSA, FBI, CIA and Pentagon (as well as the Federal Reserve, CFR, Trilateral Commission, Goldman Sachs and other corporate HQs etc. etc.) just like the Iranian students did to the Den of Espionage in 1979. Does that make me an Iranian stooge or an American patriot? Watch The Debate and make up your own mind. –Kevin Barrett 
Press TV Debate , featuring Kevin Barrett , Veterans Today Editor 
The 13th day of the Iranian calendar month of Aban, which falls on November 3, is known as the Student Day in Iran, marking the National Day of Fight against Global Arrogance. On this day 37 years ago, a group of Iranian university students took over the US embassy in Tehran, which had turned into a center of espionage aimed at overthrowing the Islamic Republic following the country's Islamic Revolution earlier in 1979. 
Press TV has spoken to Kevin Barrett, an author and Middle East expert, as well as Maxine Dovere, a journalist and political commentator, to get their take on this issue. 
Barrett believes the US embassy in Iran was a 'CIA station” which was used to 'run the country” before the revolution, adding that Iranian students had every right to take it over. 
He also said the United States was using its embassy to essentially 'dominate” and 'exploit” Iran through the puppet government of the Shah whose 'torturers were trained by the CIA.” 
The analyst further stated the US is an 'aggressive imperial power” which has been waging wars of 'disguised aggression” throughout the world. 
He also opined that the United States is 'today's supreme war criminal” which has been using the word 'preemptive war” to legitimize its 'naked undisguised aggressions” after the 'neoconservative-Zionist coup d'état of September 11, 2001.” 
'The neoconservatives in particular after their coup d'état on September 11, 2001 made it clear that any country in the world that seeks parity with the United States must be destroyed preemptively and that is essentially the situation we have today as the US Empire is out there crushing the Middle East, destroying all of Israel's enemies through balkanization, through Oded Yinon Plan to break up these countries into smaller units along ethnic and sectarian lines, getting ready for a war with China and provoking a war with Russia through aggressive actions in Ukraine and through the destruction of Syria and threats against Russia when Russia comes to the defense of Syria,” he said. 
Elsewhere in his remarks, Barrett noted that both US presidential candidates are 'quite horrific” in their policies toward the Middle East – namely Iran. 
He also asserted that Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei is 'absolutely right” in saying that he cannot trust the United States and that Tehran has to 'rethink” the opening it has had towards Washington. 
Ayatollah Khamenei has warned that compromise with the United States will not resolve Iran's problems as Washington has not set aside its hostilities towards the Iranian nation. 
Meanwhile the other panelist on Press TV's program, Maxine Dovere, mentioned that taking over an embassy is not 'an acceptable diplomatic action” anywhere in the world. 
'An embassy is sacred ground for any country in any other country. Having a diplomatic dispute is certainly one of the things that happens in political and diplomatic life but taking over an embassy and holding diplomats hostage is not within the realm of normal political behavior,” she said. 
According to the commentator, the United States and Iran need to come to 'a civil understanding” and 'a trust,” adding that part of this process is eliminating the shaky foundations that have existed until 2016. 
Elsewhere in her remarks, she dismissed the US election campaign as a 'negative personality cult” which has not concentrated on policy, economics, and foreign relations. 
She also said all the important issues that a president eventually has to deal with seem to have gotten lost in this election campaign. Related Posts: 
ARTICLE

By Brig Asif H. Raja on November 3, 2016 
Asif Haroon Raja 
The political temperature that had begun to boil from 28 October onward became menacing on the following three days, but mercifully it scaled down dramatically on the evening of November 01 after Imran Khan (IK) decided to call off his much hyped foray into Islamabad (Isbd) on November 2. IK led PTI had been drumming up the Panama papers scandal since April 2016 and straining their lungs to demean Nawaz Sharif (NS) and implicate him and his family on charges of corruption and money laundering. Earlier on, IK had made rigging in 2013 elections into a big issue and undertaken 126-day sit-in at D-Chowk Isbd to implicate PML-N and topple the govt. Despite the physical assault on the parliament, PM House and the PTV, the protest fizzled out without achieving any results. IK had to tender an apology to the judicial commission when his legal team failed to produce any evidence to prove the rigging charge. IK covered up his embarrassment by saying that 'rigging was just a political stunt for point scoring”. He then shifted his goal post from rigging to corruption and in that Panama scandal came as a godsend opportunity to push his chief rival against the wall and possibly unseat him. 
Irrespective of the fact that NS name was absent from the list of account holders in the offshore company in Panama, and several of his party's leading lights including himself were maintaining offshore accounts, he insisted that accountability should start from NS and his two sons based in London and daughter Marium only and none else. He emphasized on immediate resignation of NS and quoted weak examples of PM of Iceland who had resigned and PM UK who presented himself for accountability. Other political parties like the PPP, JI, PML-Q and AML joined his battle to put NS in the dock. The two sides got locked over the issue of Terms of Reference (ToRs), the opposition demanding commencement of investigation by Supreme Court from NS and his family, while the govt maintained that NS name should be excluded since he had not been named, and that accountability should be across the board. The tussle consumed 6-7 months without any breakthrough. 
Feeling frustrated, IK once again decided to show muscle power on the streets and after several public meetings held a big gathering at Raiwind on Sept 30. He had all the intentions to move forward and organize a sit-in in front of Jati Umra (private residence of NS), but truculence expressed by PML-N activists and reluctance of other political parties to join him, coupled with heating up of LoC and threat of surgical strike by India restrained him, and he decided to wrap it up the same night. He however, pledged to invade and lock down Isbd on October 30 and force NS to quit or offer himself for accountability. He built up the tempo throughout October and made efforts to take as many political parties on board. Social media and electronic media in particular demonized NS and made him into an object of hate. Most political parties and saner elements advised IK to change his plan of confrontation in the wake of acceptance of case of Panama scandal for hearing by the Supreme Court, but he refused and remained adamant. 
Having discovered the foul intentions of PTI, the govt announced that all out efforts will be made to prevent the activists of PTI and their partners from besieging Isbd on October 30. Punjab Police and Frontier Constabulary were requisitioned to bolster the strength of Isbd Police and containers from all over Punjab were impounded to block the roads leading to Isbd. Hawks within the ruling party also flexed their muscles and showed readiness for the combat. 
In the meanwhile, GHQ's annoyance over security leak gave a shot in the arm to the agitators and it was assumed that the Army would be on their side and Gen Raheel would raise his finger once the desired chaos was stoked. To neutralize one front, NS hastened to sack Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid and a high powered inquiry was ordered to trace the culprits and punish them. Pervaiz ouster was rejoiced by PTI but the sacrifice was considered too small. They wanted a bigger head to be rolled and their obvious target was NS and none else. Quite a few critics of Pervaiz are now shedding tears of sympathy. 
The date of incursion was advanced to November 2. Refusal of PPP and PAT to join up for the D Day was a setback for the PTI, but it decided to once again take the suicidal plunge single-handed. Its main dependence was on the main effort launched from KP by the PTI workers under the command of Chief Minister (CM) Pervez Khattak. IK repeatedly underlined that a force of one million will assemble in Isbd. Armed Tiger Force had been trained to deal with the police and paramilitary forces. Secondary effort was to be launched from the direction of Lahore and PML-Q activists under Ch brothers were to join the party from Gujrat. Purpose was to flood the capital city with people, choke the city, paralyze the administration, parliament and judiciary and give a fait-accompli to NS to either voluntarily step down peacefully, or be ready to be brought down forcibly. Tahirul Qadri's zealots were expected to join the gathering to dig the last nail. 
NS ouster on yet to be proven corruption charges in their view would cook the goose of PML-N and victory will be theirs. Knowing that the Panama case didn't have required strength to convict NS, they wanted to decide the case their way through street agitation. They also understood that each passing day was tilting the balance in favor of PML-N due to fast paced developments and CPEC and in next elections PTI's chance of winning will become very bleak. For them, this was the only chance to get rid of NS, and hence decided to take a huge risk without constitutional and legal cover. Like in 2014, they assumed that Army was on their side. 
Blinded by their quest for power, they turned a blind eye to the possible socio-political turmoil that may erupt as a result of their reckless venture to scuttle the democratic process. They ignored the possibility of takeover by the Army in the wake of commotion. IK's bellicosity and rashness was motivated by his rancor with NS family, and his obsession to acquire the coveted seat of PM. In every speech, he and Sheikh Rashid used foul language and ridiculed the PM brazenly. Many are of the view that IK may be having hidden malicious intentions to pursue sinister goals at the behest of hostile forces to Pakistan. His detractors particularly Maulana Fazlur Rehman, who himself has a shady past, dubs him as an agent of Israel. 
Others say that his fascist methods resemble MQM's fascism and give strength to Indo-US-Israel-Western agenda to foment chaos. They have seen the fate of Iraq, Libya, Yemen and Syria and know that Pakistan is the next target. They particularly noted the ill-timed attack on Isbd when India and Afghanistan are breathing fire, the US is in highly rasping mood and China is getting worried over political uncertainty. Last time the sit-in was timed with the scheduled visit of President of China which got postponed for six months and this time the Peshawar-Isbd road blockade coincided with the passage of first convoy from Kashgar-Khunjarab to Gwadar along the western route. They ask as to why IK and his ilk cannot wait for May 2018 elections and gain power through a legitimate course rather than using high handed tactics. 
The preliminary offensive was intended to be launched under the garb of youth convention in Isbd on October 28. This gathering was to exert pressure from within the city once the pincers from KP and Punjab reached the premises of Isbd. Leaders and foot soldiers started collecting at Bani Gala which was to act as the command and control centre for 'Operation Lockdown Isbd”. Having gained intelligence about the sinister plans afoot, the govt machinery sprang into action and ordered positioning of containers on all entry points into Isbd as well as in Bani Gala. When the protesters became rowdy, the police baton charged and arrested PTI workers of both genders. The scuffle and hide-and-seek which went on the whole night created a big scene and gave plentiful of grist to the media to sensationalize the event to the hilt. Planned meeting of Shiekh Rashid in front of his residence Lal Haveli could not take place on October 30 but the Sheikh managed to reach Committee Chowk riding a bike and delivered a short speech to the few people present there. This act of his was glorified by the media. 
The situation took a serious turn when the CM KP Pervaiz Khattak started a caravan from Swabi on October 31 and not only hurled highly jingoistic statements but made things nasty by adding ethnic color to his diatribe against the govt. Unmindful of his skinny and frail physique, he behaved like a conquering Rambo ready to trounce any hurdle placed in his way. He expressed his determination to reach Bana Gala at all cost on the following day. He has nothing impressive to brag about in KP. Most of development funds of the last year could not be spent and lapsed and no headway has been made on corruption. 
As regards the PTI, there are visible cracks within the party and several top leaders like Javed Hashmi and justice Wajihuddin have left the party. PTI leaders have tainted past and several leading lights are the turncoats of other parties. Performance of PTI in bye-elections, local bodies, Gilgit-Baltistan and AJK has been dismal. These factors when seen in the backdrop of impressive performance of PML-N in tackling energy crisis and existential threat of terrorism and in improving economic indicators, gives no plausible reason to the PTI to maneuver its premature downfall through hooliganism. 
The govt in anticipation had placed series of containers on the three interchanges along the motorway at Swabi, Hazro and Burhan and deployed heavy contingent of police equipped with heavy stocks of tear gas shells. Khattak made use of the cranes to remove the containers but the barrage of tear gas shells and baton charge by police had a toll on the PTI tigers. The caravan lost its steam and was ultimately grounded at Burhan. It was in this timeframe that the first cargo convoy of 100 vehicles was to cross the interchanges to reach the motorway of CPEC. Cognizant of its importance the Army soldiers helped in clearing the mess on critical interchanges. 
When IK realized that he and other leaders of his party stranded in his house in Bani Gala cannot move out and join party workers braving the hardships and that Khattak led men will not be able to reach Isbd, he was in a dilemma. Possibility of a bigger clash at Burhan resulting in casualties couldn't be ruled out. The govt was in no mood to soften up its stance. The other factor was failure to mobilize the party workers and bring them to Isbd in sufficient numbers. The total strength didn't exceed 20-25000. IK and his colleagues wanted to call off the sit-in but not the party men. The Supreme Court gave the much needed face saving formula by offering to frame the ToRs in case the govt and opposition parties failed to do so and also promised to start hearing the Panama case and expedite its completion as early as possible. IK was allowed to hold a peaceful meeting at parade ground. The court also ordered removal of containers. 
These offers were promptly accepted and IK announced the withdrawal on a triumphant note saying that November 2 will be celebrated as ‘Thanksgiving Day' with fanfare. Rather than appreciating his decision, hyper media sank into a pool of sadness. Same was the case with opposition parties and PTI activists that were expecting the party to remain in full swing for full month if not more. Eight RAW/IB agents based in Indian High Commission in Isbd in the garb of diplomats having dangerous plans up their sleeves felt so depressed that they became indiscreet and got exposed. 
IK once again boasted of assembling one million but had to eat his words. True to commitment, the Supreme Court held its first session on November 3 in which NS and IK appeared. Next hearing of the court will be on Monday in which children of NS would also appear. IK and his team are very hopeful that the court would give verdict in their favor but in case of unfavorable decision, he will again come on the roads. Relations of PTI with PPP and PAT have become frosty, while Sheikh Rashid is also feeling out of sorts. Reportedly an understanding has been forged between PML-N, PPP and MQM-Altaf, but apparently the PPP is trying to change its posture from friendly to genuine opposition to outdo PTI. 
The writer is retired Brig, war veteran, defence analyst, columnist, author of 5 books, Vice Chairman Thinkers Forum Pakistan, DG Measac Research Centre, Member Executive Council PESS. aifharoonraja@gmail.com
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 3, 2016 Hoover and Tolson 
When Supreme Court Justice John Scalia died, under mysterious circumstances, FBI officials were there. It was the FBI that blocked the autopsy of a Supreme Court Justice, required by law to be supervised by the Surgeon General of the United States. 
The organization Scalia belonged to and was with when he died, or was murdered as some assert, includes top leaders of all American business sectors along with government officials, both elected and 'career,” who regularly meet and plan the overthrow of the American government. 
The Trump team includes the public persona of Rudy Guiliani, tasked with organizing the FBI revolt, wielding bushels of cash from the Saudis and the Adelson gambling/trafficking empire. Guiliani and his friends control most post-retirement employment for FBI agents, all of which filters through firms connected to or represented by his law firm. The FBI is, in fact, controlled by Rudy Guiliani, according to some sources. 
We saw the tip of that this week when Rudy Guiliani, according to the Daily Beast , reached inside the FBI and moved them clearly into the Trump campaign. Illegal though these acts are, as you may read below, they openly bragged about it. You see, with Congress and the FBI under control, investigations are a tool of punishment and intimidation only: 
'Two days before FBI director James Comey rocked the world last week, Rudy Giuliani was on Fox, where he volunteered, un-prodded by any question: 'I think he's [Donald Trump] got a surprise or two that you're going to hear about in the next few days. I mean, I'm talking about some pretty big surprises.” Pressed for specifics, he said: 'We've got a couple of things up our sleeve that should turn this thing around.” 
The man who now leads 'lock-her-up” chants at Trump rallies spent decades of his life as a federal prosecutor and then mayor working closely with the FBI, and especially its New York office. One of Giuliani's security firms employed a former head of the New York FBI office, and other alumni of it. It was agents of that office, probing Anthony Weiner's alleged sexting of a minor, who pressed Comey to authorize the review of possible Hillary Clinton-related emails on a Weiner device that led to the explosive letter the director wrote Congress. 
Hours after Comey's letter about the renewed probe was leaked on Friday, Giuliani went on a radio show and attributed the director's surprise action to 'the pressure of a group of FBI agents who don't look at it politically.” 
'The other rumor that I get is that there's a kind of revolution going on inside the FBI about the original conclusion [not to charge Clinton] being completely unjustified and almost a slap in the face to the FBI's integrity,” said Giuliani. 'I know that from former agents. I know that even from a few active agents.'” 
Key to understanding the problem is understanding the nature of the 'independence” of the FBI. Established at a time when organized crime ran rampant across the nation, the FBI, operating outside any constitutional authority and in direct contravention of constitutional law, grew from small number of unarmed legal consultants to a government within the government. 
With the advent of World War II, the FBI grew to massive strength and began operating around the world. They were given broad powers to mete out justice, unlimited powers of search and arrest, of surveillance and even summary execution when they deemed in the national interest. 
With the Cold War, the FBI rode the Red Menace scare to infinite power while partnering with organized crime. J. Edgar Hoover often denied that organized crime existed and was later to have been discovered a victim of blackmail at the hands of Meyer Lansky. From VT: 
'No provision was established within the constitution to regulate or oversee a national police force, it didn't take long for the FBI to become the Cheka within a short period after it's creation, J. Edgar Hoover, turned 'the bureau' into a monstrosity blackmailing politicians and cozying up to crime figures while Hoover's FBI chased 'commies' both real and imaginary, it protected not only the mafia but powerful international crime cartels as well, becoming the real 'Murder Inc.' Taxpayer financed strong-arm thugs supported by a disinformation campaign. 
Hoover gained control of the press almost immediately, keeping files on his press enemies, threatening and blackmailing; some of this was to protect his own secrets – mob ties and his notorious penchant for sexual deviance, now long in the public domain, but it went further – it was all about power. 
'Mary' Hoover liked to dress as a woman and was infamously covertly photographed along with his longtime companion and lover Clyde Tolson in flagrante delicto; those photographs came into the possession of mob kingpin Meyer Lansky, thus ensnaring Hoover, and by extension the entire FBI in a dangerous marriage with the mob. There is no evidence they ever got divorced, though from time to time the relationship may have been somewhat rocky.” 
With the Watergate scandals, the FBI made the case for being made 'unanswerable” to executive authority, even the President or Attorney General. Instead, their only oversight is within the House of Representatives. 
However, with the Tea Party takeover of the House, financed by gambling boss Sheldon Adelson, and based on illegal reapportionment of the House districts, defended by a radicalized Supreme Court in continual 5/4 deadlock, the House got out of control, running continual investigations based on internet rumors and conspiracy theories. 
Too offset their zeal and insanity, a well run FBI might well have investigated the House itself, finding drug and gambling/human trafficking funds filling its coffers, opened and placed above the law by the 5/4 Citizens United Supreme Court ruling that legalized unlimited unaccounted offshore funds used to bribe officials. 
According to informants, this cabal, including FBI and Pentagon officials, has discussed assassinations of American leaders, military and intelligence support for terror groups and maintains strong ties, through Cuba, with the drug cartels of Mexico and Columbia. 
When the Oregon 'Standoff” defendants were found 'not guilty,” it was the FBI that scuttled the case because it was the FBI, through informants that run the majority of the violent anti-government supremacist/anti-Semitic groups, that planned the takeover of Federal land at gunpoint. 
From a Spencer Ackerman article in the UK Guardian, November 3, 2016 
One agent called the bureau 'Trumplandia,' with some colleagues openly discussing voting for the Republican nominee. 
Deep antipathy to Hillary Clinton exists within the FBI, multiple bureau sources have told the Guardian, spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election. Current and former FBI officials, none of whom were willing or cleared to speak on the record, have described a chaotic internal climate that resulted from outrage over director James Comey's July public decision not to recommend indictment over Clinton's maintenance of a private email server on which classified information transited. 
'The FBI is Trumpland,” said one current agent. 
This atmosphere raises major questions about how Comey and the bureau he is slated to run for the next seven years can work with Clinton should she win the White House. 
The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is 'the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel,” and that 'the reason why they're leaking is they're pro-Trump.” 
The agent called the bureau 'Trumplandia,” with some colleagues openly discussing voting for a GOP nominee who has garnered unprecedented condemnation from the party's national-security wing and who has pledged to jail Clinton if elected. 
On the other side is the Pentagon. The conspiracy theories and rumors are still flying about 'Barksdale/Minot.” Back in 2006, a B52 took off from Minot Air Force Base with a full load of hydrogen bombs. They were 'illegally” or 'improperly” authorized and were being flown out of the United States, we are told, to Diego Garcia. 
Since that time, hundreds of officers, including the entire American nuclear command, have been replaced. We have it on reliable authority, at the highest levels, that officers inside the Pentagon, many recruited into religious extremist organizations operating at the service academies, West Point, Annapolis and the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, had been channeled into positions of authority by a religious cult that sprung up in the early 1980s at the Presidio, a one time Army base in San Francisco, California. 
Among the founders of that movement were General Paul Vallely, who along with Michael Aquino (rank unknown at this time), founded America's psychological warfare capability but also founded the Temple of Set, a Satanic cult that spread through the American military. Remember, it was the FBI that in 1992 declared that the ritual satanic killings of the 1970s and 80s including the alleged abuses on 15 military bases tied to the Temple of Set, were only 'conspiracy theories.” 
It is Vallely's group, Stand Up America, that has attracted so many pro-Trump FBI agents. This is one of the paths that tie the FBI to the Pentagon, through Montana's 'patriot elites,” many military and intelligence contractors, all right wing, many anti-government and all closet militia backers. 
Before that, it was the FBI's SSAIC (Supervising Special Agent In Charge) from the FBI's massive Los Angeles office, Ted Gunderson, that the fight against ritual abuse and human trafficking that led to a series of quashed investigations that led into the highest levels of Washington. After his retirement,Gunderson went on a personal crusade against the FBI for covering up ritual child abuse. Gunderson was approached by a number of informants and volunteers, who turned out to be his undoing. Two came to live with him, Tim XXXX and Stew XXXX, who looted his files and turned them over to the FBI. 
These individuals, who still work with the InfoWars organization run by Alex Jones, a Trump advisor and confidant, who also helped organize the Oregon Standoff. 
Conclusion 
We are told that we have at least 100 FBI agents who have submitted resignations if Hillary Clinton is not arrested. They claim, we are told by former Representative Tom Delay, they have extensive knowledge of her case and a coverup within the FBI. 
Only a few short years ago, the same story of FBI resignations was based on another assertion, that the FBI was involved in a criminal coverup of President Obama's foreign birth. 
What we do know is this, the FBI is not just politicized. They are working hand in hand with obstructionists in congress, adding to the legislative abuses of separation of powers something far more sinister. The FBI is abusing the justice system as well, fabricating evidence, planting emails, intimidating witnesses, quashing investigations and openly involving themselves in the political process. 
There is currently NO public confidence in the FBI, in its director and, similarly, there is no public confidence in rank and file agents as well. The barrel is all rotten apples, there is nothing else but. 
President Obama has cited the FBI for politically oriented leaks. We fear that Obama, who should be obligated to act, with do nothing out of fear of being accused of 'leadership.” 
We wonder what he has to lose.
ARTICLE

By Sami Jamil Jadallah on November 3, 2016 
In a few days, the ugliest and most distasteful presidential election in US history will be over, and we will see which candidate won to preside over the US as president. This is an election that is all about groping and emails, making us the laughing stock of the world. 
As we all saw in this campaign, there was little of anything about the priorities that really matter to the American people. Both candidates talk about bringing back jobs, industrial and manufacturing jobs. 
We know well that both are liars and will never bring back the kind of industrial and manufacturing jobs that gave middle-class Americans a sense of dignity and security. 
The two candidates did their best to cater to the rich and powerful, the people with the money and the billionaires who always shaped our nation agenda and politics. 
Billions have poured into this year national elections, no different from previous national/presidential elections where close to $5 billion were injected in and invested in the elections. The returns are for the donors never for the voters. 
America's poor, not only Black and Hispanic but White as well have been neglected for a long time. They are getting the ' shaft” everywhere and from everyone, especially from Congress, that empower corporate America to screw the poor at every turn and in every way. And Congress does that through legislation that gives incentives to corporations to locate their manufacturing jobs overseas, that allows banks and financial institutions especially the credit card companies to give the shaft to the poor. What does the future hold for our next generation? 
It should not be surprising that this great country of ours has such a staggering number of poor — over 45 million or 14.5% of the population — with the prospect that most Americans will be part of this category at least one year, if they are between the age of 24-75 years. 
Not all poor are unemployed living off the system, but there are millions of these poor who are working hard, very hard one or two jobs to make ends meet, with Hispanics and Blacks most likely to be among this category than Asians and Whites; with women more likely than men to fall into this category of working poor; and with White males with less than a high school education spending at least one year in this category. 
It is hard to think, in this country of plentiful that 46.5 million people earn less than $19,090 a year, and 20.4 million are in deep poverty, earning less than $11,510 a year. 
While our presidential candidates cater to the rich and powerful seeking their support, no candidates are talking about the poor-paying jobs that Americans have; with 50% of available jobs paying less than $34,000 annually. Talk about the banks and financial institutions that looted tens of millions from Americans' pension funds during the financial crisis of 2007-8, or the fact that Congress allowed corporations to restructure, benefiting Wall Street and the investors, while cheating workers out of their pensions and health care. Of course, Republicans talk about eliminating 'entitlements” for the poor, while forgetting or neglecting the kind of entitlements the US Military gets, or the kind of entitlements corporations and rich executives get as part of the deal worked out with members of Congress — entitlements that are triple what the hard-working and poor American gets. 
It is true that 27 families out of 100 get cash assistance, but not all of them are Black or Hispanic, as we are lead to believe, thus causing an outcry to end the Welfare system. I should note here that 90% of the entitlements goes to the elderly and the poor and retired workers on social security and Medicare, amounting to $500 billion. 
But then let us look at how the system, which is sponsored and nurtured by Congress screws American every day. 
Let us take, for example, the interest rates charged on credit cards. In most cases, the poor are the ones who gets behind on credit card payments and as such, the interest rates charged is almost twice as much as the average rate and moreover if one gets behind on one payment on one credit cards, all the other credit card companies hike the rate. Thus the poor pay a higher price and costs. 
With high-interest rates charged and the likelihood of default on one payment, then the credit ratings are changed, forcing the poor to pay higher interests on car loans and on mortgage loans. 
What is truly a rip off is the fact that companies like 'payday loans” and 'car title companies” while considered as banks receiving funds at less than 1% can charge borrowers 30 even 50%? Unconscionable. 
The poor also get the shafts from health care companies especially supplemental insurance. Because of the fact that the poor are most likely to suffer from certain chronic diseases such as obesity, high blood pressure, and diabetes, their rates are much higher than the average. 
Add to that the way our schools are funded. Since we do not have a national tax plan that funds education, all the funding comes from property tax. 
As such if you are in a poor neighborhood, the income to support the schools system, the police, and the fire department is much less than in affluent communities and, as such, children get less quality education, and most likely they will be among the poor who will live on government subsidies; and most likely these neighborhoods will have higher crime rates and a higher percentage of incarceration. What the government saves in support of education, it pays double that in the cost of crime and incarceration. This simply makes no sense, as a society. 
I leave you with two incidents that I personally experienced. 
– Supplemental Health Insurance : We, I mean those of us over the age of 65, have and must purchase supplemental health insurance to complement our Medicare. I purchased a policy from UnitedHealth through AARP paying $258 a month. After almost a year, I discovered that the CEO of UnitedHealth earned $60,500,000/year in salary. I made a simple calculation; and it was shocking to realize that I have to pay 19,500 years of monthly premium just to pay his salary for one year. Of course, I dropped UnitedHealth because of this. 
– Exploitation of Disadvantaged Communities : The other when I had my private company, which offered auto dealers a smart loyalty card, where dealers can add to the card special packages, such as oil change, discount on maintenance, and extended warranty, while consumers benefited from being able to keep track of their vehicle service and maintenence records on the smart chip in the card (Patented), thus saving car owners from getting ripped off by duplicate or unwarranted repairs. Many dealers especially those in the poor neighborhoods where charging the poor interest rates exceeding 20% on car loans, and forcing these poor guys to buy additional warranties, and charging them thousands of dollars of services the dealers knew the customers would never need. I had to drop these dealers from my network. 
Who knows, maybe one day, we will have a Congress and presidential candidates who will represent, not only the very rich but the very poor and the middle class, and offer solutions that get the people to work and out of welfare and subsidies. The American people are not lazy, but they need an opportunity; and Trump and Clinton will not bring that opportunity. America's problem is not the presidency, but Congress, and that is where the changes must take place.
ARTICLE

  Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Saudis support Turkey's hidden agenda to destroy Iraq By Ian Greenhalgh on November 4, 2016 [Editor's note: As I have written previously, Asharq Al-Awsat is a Saudi government propaganda mouthpiece, which makes it useful for determining the Saudi opinion on various events. In this case, we have an article that tells us what the Saudis think about the situation in Iraq, in particular Turkey's intent to seize Mosul and the northern half of the country for itself. It is important to realise that the Saudis are bitter enemies of both Iran and Iraq, furthermore, it is Saudi financial backing that created IS in Iraq, a cynical attempt at destroying the nation. One thing this article plainly tells us is that the Saudis are supportive of Turkey's intentions towards Iraq, this is clear from the way that the author repeats the false narrative that both IS and the Kurds are enemies of Turkey and therefore it is legitimate for the Turkish army to move into Iraq in order to combat them. The truth is that IS in Iraq and Syria is largely the creation of the Turks, that much of the personnel fighting under the IS banner is Turkish, or rather was, most of those men have withdrawn back into Turkey where they removed their IS disguises and once again donned their Turkish army uniforms. When the author writes that they have not fought against Assad's forces, Iranian forces, Russian forces or Hezbollah, he is inverting reality as that is precisely what the Turks have been doing, however they have been doing it while disguised as IS. The author goes on to repeat the Turkish propaganda line that they are trying to protect Turkey and ethnic Turkmen inside Iraq, another blatant lie; as I have written before, Turkey's real intention is to seize the city of Mosul and large tracts of Iraqi territory for itself – how can it defend Turkey from groups that are in reality, Turks dressed up as terrorists? Mixed in with the support of the Turkish lies is a constant anti-Iranian thread, the author claims Iran wants to take over parts of northern Iraq, in reality, as I have explained, that is Turkey's intention, not Iran's. So what are we to conclude about Saudi intentions from this neat little package of propaganda and disinfo? I think it is clear that the Saudis are fully supportive of Turkey and it's agenda to expand it's borders at the expense of Syria and Iraq, in particular to seize the cities of Mosul and Aleppo, which Turkey still considers to be rightfully theirs. This is a continuation of the partnership that created IS in Iraq – Turkey recruited and trained them inside Turkey while the Saudis financed the whole thing. What we are seeing now is the Turkish army attempting to achieve what IS has failed to do – seize and hold northern Iraq while at the same time bringing down the Iraqi government and it's army, leaving a power vacuum in the south which can be exploited by the Saudis. Ian] The map of Turkey according to the Ottoman Parliament-sealed, 1920 National Oath that designates today's Kurdistan Region, Mosul, Syrian Kurdistan, Aleppo, parts of the Balkans and Caucasus as Turkish soil. Opinion: Will There be a Turkey – Iraq War? 
The political situation between Turkey and Iraq is at its worst. The Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has reiterated that his forces 'will strongly participate in liberating Mosul” from ISIS. 
The Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi responded by saying 'We will not allow Turkey to participate in the battle to liberate Mosul”. Disputes between the countries are not limited to the issue of Mosul and reflect the conflict and threats facing the region. 
Iraqi media is portraying the role of Turkey in Mosul as sectarian and anti-Shia. This is a false portrayal that exploits the statements of Arab journalists who translate Turkish statements according to their whims. The truth is that Turkish military activity was never sectarian. The Turkish army has not fought a single battle against Shiites or Alawites. Neither have they fought against Assad's forces, Iranian forces, Russian forces or Hezbollah. 
All the battles that Turkish forces have waged have been against ISIS, Turkish-Kurdish separatists and Syrian Kurds allied with them. All of these groups are Sunni and not Shiite. The reason why Turkish forces are fighting them is because they pose a threat to the unity of Turkey and its stability. Turkish military operations are unrelated to the sectarian conflict as Iraqi leaders claim or as Arabs who naively think that Turkey is ready to engage in foolish sectarian wars are professing. Turkey itself is a multi-ethnic and multicultural country! 
In my opinion, the Turks are now paying the price for not intervening in areas close to their borders at the beginning of the Syrian uprising and not indicating the areas that they consider threats to their national security and that they will defend by force. 
For example, Aleppo represents their geographic and historic extension. As a result, Iran exerted its influence inside Syria and is bargaining with the west and Arabs over it. 
Ankara wants to fight ISIS in Mosul and prevent the fighting from targeting the Turkmen and others. However, Iran is leading the political and military confrontation in Mosul and against Turkey also. We all know that the Iraqi government is helpless. 
The Iranians succeeded in filling the void in the years that followed the US President Barack Obama's withdrawal of all his forces. They founded sectarian militias that rival the government and they named them Al-Hashd Al-Shaabi. Their aim was to weaken the central authority as they did in Lebanon, and these militias are now preparing to cross into Syria as well. 
The Turks have tried diplomatic channels and sent a delegation to Baghdad. The Iraqis responded and sent a delegation to Ankara but their endeavours did not succeed. Will the Turks defend the residents of those areas that their forces surround? Will they confront Al-Hashd Al-Shaabi that is bound to occupy Tal Afar? Will they do something if Al-Hashd Al-Shaabi militias cross towards Al-Hasakah in Syria as preliminary information suggests they will? 
The Iranians are acting quickly before the results of the US elections, and they want to take advantage of the slogan 'Fighting terrorism”. They want to launch multiple wars aimed at tightening control over strategic border crossings between Syria, Iraq and oil rich areas. 
Despite the risks to their interests, I do not think that the Turkish leadership wants confrontation despite knowing that its army is much stronger than Iran and Iraq and is better equipped. Iranian forces and the militias that it brought from Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq and Lebanon are moving towards the Turkish border and are chasing Syrian opposition forces that are loyal to Turkey. They have also encouraged the creation of a buffer zone for the Kurds that will act like a scarecrow to the Turkish government. 
At the same time, the Turks are paying the price on the economic and security levels; they are hosting more than two million Syrian refugees and are facing an Iranian-Russian plan to bring the fighting to their territory. This plan is supported by Turkey's Kurds. Iraqis loyal to Tehran have explicitly declared that they will work to break up Turkey should it dare to challenge them in Mosul. 
The situation is very difficult and the Turks will be mistaken again if they think that the war will end at the Ba'shiqah camp in Iraq where their forces are stationed. The Iranians want to control the political decision making centres in Baghdad, Damascus and oil rich areas in Mosul and Deir ez-Zor. They also want to restrain Turkey in the region. 
Despite this, I do not believe that threats exchanged by the Iraqi and Turkish leaderships will lead to the two armies clashing. Rather, they aim to intimidate the Turks and force them to leave so that Iran can expand its influence over Ninevah, neighbouring provinces, trade routes, southern Syria and passages. Turkey is in a difficult situation that requires it to form an opposing camp that proves its credibility on the ground. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

  Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Turkish Disinfo: Daesh terrorist leader Baghdadi urges followers to attack Turkey By Ian Greenhalgh on November 4, 2016 Turkish map showing the planned annexation of northern Syrian and Iraq including the cities of Mosul and Aleppo [Editor's note: This story is deliberate disinfo put out by a newspaper that is controlled by the Turkish government and functions as a mouthpiece for their propaganda and disinfo. The claim that Daesh is to target Turkey is nonsense, the goal of this story is to give Turkey an excuse for further military action in Syria and Iraq, they can simply use the excuse that they are attacking Daesh in response to Al-Baghdadi's call for attacks on Turkey. Turkey aims to seize large portions of Syrian and Iraqi territory including the cities of Mosul and Aleppo, they are planning to move on Kurdish held Manbij shortly and have been massing forces on their side of the border in preparation for further offensive moves. The big question is why the US and Russia are remaining silent on the matter of Turkish military adventurism aimed at annexation of Syrian and Iraqi territory in order to create what Davutoglu calls 'Lebensraum' for the Turkish people, part of a plan to restore the Ottoman empire. Ian] Daesh terrorist leader Baghdadi urges followers to attack Turkey 
The Daesh terrorist group's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, who is currently believed to be in Mosul, called on his supporters to take the battle to Turkey and carry out attacks in the country. Baghdadi's call, which was released in a voice recording on Thursday, is the first message he issued after Iraqi forces backed by the U.S. launched an offensive in Mosul to take the city back from the terrorists. 
In the 31-minute-long recording, Baghdadi expressed confidence that Daesh will be victorious in Mosul, and told his followers to invade Turkey. 
'Unleash the fire of your anger on Turkish troops in Syria” the terrorist leader said and added: 
'Turkey today entered your range of action and the aim of your struggle … invade it and turn its safety into fear.” 
Baghdadi claimed that Turkey is cooperating with Atheists, therefore deserves to be attacked and targeted. 
He also urged Daesh terrorist fighters to target security forces, members of the ruling Al Saud monarch and media outlets in Saudi Arabia and launch simultaneous attacks, as he claimed they were also cooperating with 'infidel nations' in Syria and Iraq. 
With a population of over 1.5 million people, Mosul stands as a bastion of the terrorist group. 
Turkey launched Operation Euphrates Shield in late August to clear Syria's northern border area of terrorists. The Free Syrian Army (FSA) units backed by Turkish forces were able to liberate Jarablus and more than 32 villages west of the Euphrates River following Turkey's operation. 
In December 2015, Daesh released a video urging the conquest of Istanbul and Turkey and called President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 'Satan,' while harshly criticizing him for supporting the U.S.-led coalition against the terrorists. 
In its determined fight against the terrorists, Turkey has prevented the entry of over 52,075 people from entering the country and detained thousands of Daesh suspects, since the start of 2016, according to Interior Ministry figures. Moreover, since 2011, Turkey has deported more than 3,290 foreign terrorist fighters from 95 countries and refused entry to more than 38,269 individuals in its fight against Daesh, which counts the Muslim-majority country as an enemy. 
Daesh terrorists frequently target Turkey, which has recognized it as a terrorist group in October 2013. It is responsible for a string of terror attacks in Ankara and Istanbul, as well as cross-border fire from Syria that has killed a number of residents in Turkish border towns over the last year. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Vladimir Putin: Who will protect young boys from pedophiles and rapists in Europe? ‹ › Ian Greenhalgh is a photographer and historian with a particular interest in military history and the real causes of conflicts. His studies in history and background in the media industry have given him a keen insight into the use of mass media as a creator of conflict in the modern world. His favored areas of study include state sponsored terrorism, media manufactured reality and the role of intelligence services in manipulation of populations and the perception of events. Trump rape accuser skips press conference, citing threats By Ian Greenhalgh on November 4, 2016 Woman known only as 'Jane Doe' alleges Republican presidential nominee sexually assaulted her when she was 13 Attorney Lisa Bloom announces the cancellation of a press conference for Trump accuser 'Jane Doe' in Woodland Hills, California, November 2, 2016. Trump rape accuser skips press conference, citing threats 
A woman who claims she was raped as a teenager by Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump failed to show up for a Wednesday press conference during which she was to reveal her identity, citing threats against her. 
The woman, known in the media by the pseudonym Jane Doe, alleges Trump sexually assaulted her four times in 1994, when she was just 13, during parties organized by disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein. 
In 2008 Epstein was sentenced to 13 months in prison for soliciting sex with an underage girl. 
Reporters packed into the office of Doe's lawyer in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, where she was expected to speak publicly about her allegations for the first time. However, her lawyer Lisa Bloom appeared alone and explained that the media event was canceled because her client feared for her safety. 
'Jane Doe has received numerous threats today as have all the Trump accusers that I have represented,” Bloom said. 'She has decided she is too afraid to show her face. She has been here all day, ready to do it, but unfortunately she is in terrible fear. We're going to have to reschedule. I apologize to all of you who came. I have nothing further.” 
Bloom, who has a court TV show and is a legal analyst for NBC News, is the daughter of Gloria Allred, a civil rights attorney representing three other women making claims against Trump. 
According to court papers, the woman claims she was offered money to attend the parties and that Trump, who knew her age to be just 13, initiated the sex. 
On the fourth occasion, Trump allegedly tied her to a bed, exposed himself, and then raped her despite her loud protestations. Trump, she claims, hit her in the face and told her he could do whatever he wanted. He then warned her that if she revealed the abuse, she and her family would be 'physically harmed if not killed.” She claims there are witnesses to the assaults and that Epstein also raped her. 
Trump, who has faced a recent series of claims by women alleging sexual assaults, has categorically denied Jane Doe's story as a fabrication, part of a smear campaign against him. 
On Wednesday Bloom tweeted that her firm's website and emails had been hacked, saying the hacker group Anonymous had taken responsibility. 
The UK's Guardian newspaper, which in recent months has been investigating the claims by Doe, reported that she first tried to file a complaint against Trump in April but the paperwork was dismissed due to filing errors. A second lawsuit was submitted in June in New York and California, and then apparently amended again in September. 
The newspaper noted that the claims have mostly been ignored by mainstream media because they 'appeared to have been orchestrated by an eccentric anti-Trump campaigner with a record of making outlandish claims about celebrities,” referring to Norm Lubow, a former producer on the Jerry Springer television show. 
The Guardian said that in June it discovered a publicist known as 'Al Taylor” who tried to sell a videotape of Doe talking about her allegations for $1 million. Taylor, the report said, was linked to Lubow. 
However, when the Guardian contacted 'Al Taylor” to uncover his identity, he replied, 'Just be warned, we'll sue you if we don't like what you write. We'll sue your ass, own your ass and own your newspaper's ass as well, punk.” 
An initial status conference in Doe's civil lawsuit against Trump has been scheduled for December 16 in a New York district court, just over a month after the November 8 US presidential elections. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Ian Greenhalgh on November 4, 2016, With 6 Reads Filed under Politics . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . Both comments and pings are currently closed.
ARTICLE

Congressman Ted Lieu: US troops could be prosecuted for Yemen war crimes: Lawmaker By Press TV on November 4, 2016 
An American soldier talks with Saudi troops. (File photo by the US Army) 
A US congressman has warned that American troops could be prosecuted for providing military support to the Saudi war on Yemen. 
Ted Lieu made the warning in a letter to US Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Ashton Carter, saying the US government's denial of target selection for Saudi airstrikes in Yemen does not excuse Washington from legal responsibilities. 
'I find it deeply troubling that the US apparently has no advanced knowledge of what targets will be struck by jets that are refueled by US personnel with US tankers,” Lieu said in his letter. 
'The US would appear to be violating LOAC [laws of armed conflict] and international standards by engaging in such direct military operations if US personnel are not aware if targets are civilian or military, if the loss of life and property are disproportional, or if the operation is even militarily necessary,” he noted. A Yemeni boy walks past a mural depicting a US drone and reading: 'Why did you kill my family.” (Photo by AFP) 
Pointing to the 18-month involvement of US in Saudi war on the Yemeni people, the Democratic congressman stressed that Washington had knowledge of a bombardment campaign hitting civilian targets, including schools and hospitals, multiple times. 
'US personnel are now at legal risk of being investigated and potentially prosecuted for committing war crimes. Under international law, a person can be found guilty of aiding and abetting war crimes. Under US law, a person can be found guilty for conspiring to commit war crimes,” Lieu wrote. 
The Pentagon has been providing logistic and surveillance support to Saudi Arabia in its military aggression against Yemen, the kingdom's impoverished southern neighbor, which has killed more than 10,000 Yemenis since its onset in March 2015. 
The unprovoked war started by a coalition of Saudi-allies in an attempt to undermine the Houthi Ansarullah movement and reinstate former Yemeni President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, a staunch ally of the Riyadh regime. 
Washington has on several occasions criticized the Saudi regime for its crimes against humanity in Yemen, but has shown no sign of ending its support for Riyadh. US Representative Ted Lieu of California addresses delegates on the fourth and final day of the Democratic National Convention at Wells Fargo Center on July 28, 2016 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (Photo by AFP) 
In August, the US State Department approved the sale of more than 130 Abrams tanks, 20 armored recovery vehicles and other equipment worth about $1.15 billion to Saudi Arabia. 
Saudi-led bombardments have struck hospitals, markets and other places where civilians gather. 
In September, Amnesty International reported that a US manufactured bomb had been used in a Saudi strike against a Doctors Without Borders hospital in Yemen's northwestern province of Hajjah which claimed the lives of 19 people. 
In October, more than 140 people lost their lives and over 525 others sustained injuries after Saudi military aircraft struck a hall in the Yemeni capital of Sana'a, where rows of people were attending a funeral. Yemeni rescue workers pull out a victim from amid the rubble following a Saudi airstrike against a packed funeral site in the capital, Sana'a, on October 8, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
UN Humanitarian Coordinator for Yemen Jamie McGoldrick said last month that the death toll from the Saudi military aggression could rise even further as some areas had no medical facilities, and that people were often buried without any official record being made. Related Posts: No Related Posts The   Press TV   13 Reads Filed under Politics  
ARTICLE

Trump rape accuser skips press conference, citing threats ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board NATO and Turkey: Time to admit reality By GPD on November 4, 2016 By DAVID ROMANO 
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) was created after World War Two to unite democratic states or Western Europe and North America against Soviet expansionism. The alliance admitted Turkey in 1952, two years after the country transitioned into a democratic electoral system of government. 
Today, in contrast, neither the Soviet Union nor a democratic Turkey exist. Going on with the charade of NATO may, under the circumstances, do more harm than good. Russia today remains much smaller and less powerful than the Soviet empire was, and bilateral arrangements with countries looking for protection against their eastern neighbor should suffice. From the Russian point of view, a large alliance apparently arrayed against it, working hard to encircle Russia, provokes understandable concerns. The West should consider asking Russia what it would concede in return for the dissolution of the alliance. 
In the case of Turkey, the country's NATO membership also increasingly makes a mockery of the alliance's charter and places significant liabilities on the shoulders of other members. Perusing the NATO charter, one finds statements such as: 
The Parties to this…are determined to safeguard the freedom, common heritage and civilisation of their peoples, founded on the principles of democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law…..The Parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions, by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded, and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being. 
Although Turkey's military coups in 1960, 1971 and 1980 briefly interrupted democracy there, the military made good on its promises to quickly return power to elected civilian control. Today, in contrast, it seems increasingly clear that President Erdogan will never relinquish power. His purges and complete subversion of democratic institutions and individual liberties may take decades to repair, if ever. 
This process began well before the failed July 15 coup in Turkey, but that event provided a pretext for taking the purges in Turkey to new heights. Under new 'emergency rule” legislation, some 200,000 civil servants have been dismissed with scant evidence of wrongdoing. Around 2000 academics lost their posts, including just about every university dean – replacements for which will all be appointed directly by Mr. Erdogan. Many of the academics dismissed were only guilty of signing a petition for peace between the government and the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). 
Mr. Erdogan's government also shut down some 170 media outlets, including a Kurdish children's broadcaster. Remaining media, including Turkey most venerable newspaper ( Cumhuriyet ) have seen their editors and journalists arrested and imprisoned. People now face arrest and imprisonment without charge for up to 30 days, and the state can now record conversations between those arrested and their lawyers (when they finally get so see one), with the recordings then provided to prosecutors. According to Human Rights Watch, torture has also now returned to Turkish prisons, where 27 elected mayors from mostly Kurdish cities like Diyarbakir now reside. Judges and prosecutors doing anything even mildly displeasing to the ruling party have been summarily dismissed or arrested themselves, only to be replaced with more pliant sycophants (laws were also changed to allow the ruling party to appoint even High Court judges). Hundreds of generals and officers are behind bars, to the point that the Turkish air force can only operate a portion of its fighter planes. 
Your columnist could go on, of course, but the point seems clear enough – 'freedom, democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law” have withered in Turkey. What's more, Ankara's actions and foreign policy threaten NATO. This became abundantly clear when Turkey shot down a Russian fighter plane last year, threatening to drag the alliance into a war it did not want. Although Turkey has since reconciled with Russia, Ankara threatens or even appears poised to go to war with a number actors helping other NATO countries – Iraq, the Democratic Union Party of Syria (PYD), and even Greece, a NATO member itself (Mr. Erdogan recently fumed that the 1923 Treaty of Lausanne made a mistake in giving Greece islands off Turkey's Aegean coast). During the July 15 attempted coup, Ankara cut off electricity to U.S. forces at Incirlik air base (where they guard nuclear weapons, among other things). Mr. Erdogan and his government suggested that the United States either condoned the coup or even had a role in it. 
Combined with Ankara's support for a number of Islamist groups in the region, including some fairly hard-core Jihadi outfits in Syria, these developments ring a lot of alarm bells in Brussels and Washington. Rep. Dana Rohrabacher, the Republican chair of a House subcommittee on emerging threats, expressed such concerns a few weeks ago when he stated that 'Ten years ago Turkey was a solid NATO ally and a staunch opponent of radical Islam and a friend of the United States, and today that's all in question… Erdogan is purging pro-Western people throughout his country who are in positions of influence. He himself has become more aggressive in his Islamic beliefs, and there's reason for us to be seriously concerned.” 
The NATO charter lacks any provisions for expelling members, however, and such a public break is probably not in any member's interest. The better approach would be to disband NATO and put something new together. American policy makers will protest that Washington can't afford to lose Turkey. This ignores the fact that they have already lost the Turks to Mr. Erdogan and his ilk – they just haven't officially left yet. 

David Romano has been a Rudaw columnist since 2010. He holds the Thomas G. Strong Professor of Middle East Politics at Missouri State University and is the author of numerous publications on the Kurds and the Middle East. 
The views expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the position of Rudaw. 
Related Posts: No Related Posts The   GPD   50 Reads Filed under Politics  
ARTICLE

Trump rape accuser skips press conference, citing threats ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Shiite militia says it is close to Tal Afar, which Turkey has warned is off limits By GPD on November 4, 2016 By Rudaw ERBIL, Kurdistan Region – The Shiite-led Hashd al-Shaabi militia said Thursday that its forces are 15 kilometers from Tal Afar, a Turkmen town that Turkey has warned the militia to stay clear of. 'The Hashd al-Shaabi are continuously advancing and we are just 15 kilometers from Tal Afar” and nearing the Mosul-Raqqa road, Karim Nuri, spokesperson of the Hashd al-Shaabi, told Rudaw. He said he hoped that 'in a few hours” his forces will be in control of the Mosul-Raqqa road, a critical supply line for the two ISIS strongholds in Iraq and Syria. Nuri said the Iranian-backed Hashd had not received any air support from the coalition, which had from the outset opposed any role for the militia in the Mosul offensive. Tal Afar, north of Mosul city, is a predominantly Turkmen town that was captured by ISIS two years ago when the group captured large swathes of land in the north. Turkey has warned Hashd forces from entering Tal Afar, for fear the Shiite militia would brutalize the town's population, which is divided between Sunnis and Shiites. Earlier this week, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said his country opposed any Hashd presence in Tal Afar. 'Tal Afar is a very sensitive issue for us. We definitely do not regard it [Hashd involvement] positively in Tal Afar and Sinjar. I already told this to officials clearly,” Erdogan said Saturday. 'Tal Afar is a totally Turkmen city, with half Shiite and half Sunni Muslims. We do not judge people by their religious affiliation, we regard them as Muslims,” he added, 'But if Hashd al-Shaabi terrorizes the region, our response would be different.” Related Posts: No Related Posts The   GPD   19 Reads Filed under World  
ARTICLE

Trump rape accuser skips press conference, citing threats ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Iraqi forces retake new district in Mosul as house to house search for militants intensifies By GPD on November 4, 2016 
Army officials said the new military gains in Samaha will 'ensure security” for the larger district of Gogjali whose residents have partly fled to Kurdish controlled Khazir overnight. 
By Rudaw 
GOGJALI, Mosul– Iraqi special forces have cleared a second neighborhood of ISIS militants in the eastern outskirts of Mosul city after they retook control of nearby Gogjali district Wednesday. 
Military commanders told Rudaw the house to house search will continue in both Gogjali and Samaha districts for remaining militants in the area, asking residents to stay indoors. 
Army officials said the new military gains in Samaha will 'ensure security” for the larger district of Gogjali whose residents have partly fled to Kurdish controlled Khazir overnight. 
'We still are afraid of Daesh,” said a female Kurdish resident of Gogjali in burqa outfit telling Rudaw that the head to toe black dress was compulsory under ISIS rule. 
Rudaw correspondent Hardi Muhammad who is travelling with the Iraqi Special Forces inside Mosul said that the distance between army units and ISIS positions in the neighborhood is less than 300 meters. 
'We still hear sporadic gunfire around Gogjali district but it's unclear what is exactly taking place here,” said Muhammad. 
Major General Maadan Saadi, commander of the Second Golden Brigade told Rudaw they still need additional information about militants in the city and urged residents to inform the army units of possible ISIS positions. 
'We have been carrying out searches today in the connecting roads between Gogjali and surrounding areas, we also question the locals about them which our forces need,” said General Saadi. 
The army is particularly concerned with booby trapped houses and landmines planted by the militants that have recently killed dozens of anti-ISIS Shiite militia elsewhere near Mosul. 
At least 15 Hashd-al Shaabi militants were killed and dozens more were severely wounded on Tuesday when the Shiite militia entered several liberated villages near the township of Tal Afar in Nineveh Plains. 
Rudaw correspondent Shady Rasoul who is in Khazir refugee camp north of Mosul said at least 5,000 refugees had fled Gogjali over the past two days and taken shelter in the Kurdish controlled camp. 
She said the camp now hosted over 7000 displaced people but the number was most likely to grow. 
'It's difficult to know exactly how many will seek refuge here but we estimate that around 100,000 people will likely leave Mosul for camps in Dohuk province,” visiting Iraqi Migration Minister Darbaz Muhammad told Rudaw's Shady Rasoul in Khazir refugee camp. 
Many of the residents have left their homes because of 'indiscriminate ISIS shelling” according to Rasoul who had interviewed several fleeing families. Related Posts: New World Order, Weiner and Revelation The   GPD   20 Reads Filed under Military  
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 4, 2016 
Russia's state-of-the-art frigate of the Black Sea Fleet, the Admiral Grigorovich, armed with Caliber missiles , has set off to the Mediterranean Sea from the port of Sevastopol on November 3. The vessel is said to join the group of Russian warships off the coast of Syria, RIA Novosti reports with reference to a source in the law enforcement agencies of the Crimea. 
According to the source, the arrival of the frigate will mark 'quite a significant enhancement” for the Mediterranean group of the Russian Navy. 'The ship is versatile; she can struck missile blows on both surface and ground targets at large distances,” the source said. 
The Admiral Grigorovich will be integrated into the overall air defense system of the Russian group. The vessel will join other Russian warships in the Mediterranean Sea in two days. 
Frigate Admiral Grigorovich arrived in Sevastopol in 2016 and joined the Black Sea Fleet of the Russian Federation. This is the lead ship of far sea zone, Project 11356. Patrol ships of this series have a displacement of about four thousand tons, develop the speed of up to 30 knots and have the cruising capacity of 30 days. The frigate is armed with Caliber-NK cruise missiles, Shtil-1 missile defense complex, A-190 artillery system (100-mm caliber), anti-aircraft artillery, torpedoes and can carry deck-based Ka-27 (or Ka-31) helicopters. 
Related Posts: No Related Posts The   Gordon Duff, Senior Editor   80 Reads Filed under Military  
ARTICLE

The FBI, the DHS's Customs and Border Protection, the Secret Service, and the Israelis are in cahoots ‹ › Jonas E. Alexis graduated from Avon Park High School, studied mathematics and philosophy as an undergraduate at Palm Beach Atlantic University, and has a master's degree in education from Grand Canyon University. Some of his main interests include the history of Christianity, U.S. foreign policy, the history of the Israel/Palestine conflict, and the history of ideas. He is the author of the new book , Christianity & Rabbinic Judaism: A History of Conflict Between Christianity and Rabbinic Judaism from the first Century to the Twenty-first Century. He is currently teaching mathematics in South Korea. He plays soccer and basketball in his spare time. He is also a cyclist. He is currently writing a book tentatively titled Zionism and the West. Alexis welcomes comments, letters, and queries in order to advance, explain, and expound rational and logical discussion on issues such as the Israel/Palestine conflict, the history of Christianity, and the history of ideas. In the interest of maintaining a civil forum, Alexis asks that all queries be appropriately respectful and maintain a level of civility. As the saying goes, 'iron sharpens iron,” and the best way to sharpen one's mind is through constructive criticism, good and bad. However, Alexis has no patience with name-calling and ad hominem attack. He has deliberately ignored many queries and irrational individuals in the past for this specific reason—and he will continue to abide by this policy. By Jonas E. Alexis on November 4, 2016 "Over the last decade, the NSA has significantly increased the surveillance assistance it provides to its Israeli counterpart, the Israeli SIGINT National Unit (ISNU; also known as Unit 8200), including data used to monitor and target Palestinians." …by Jonas E. Alexis 

My dear friend Mark Dankof has recently sent me an article which documents that a 17-year-old Israeli firm named Cellebrite Mobile Synchronization has been working with the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Secret Service, and DHS's Customs and Border Protection since 2009. There is more: 
'U.S. state and local law enforcement agencies use Cellebrite's researchers and tools as well, as does the U.S. military, to extract data from phones seized from suspected terrorists and others in battle zones. 
'In July, months after the unknown third party provided the FBI with a method for getting into the San Bernardino phone — an iPhone 5C running iOS 9 — Cellebrite announced that it had developed its own technique for bypassing the phone's password/encryption lock. And the company is confident that it will be able to deal successfully with future security changes Apple may make to its phones in the wake of the San Bernardino case… 
'Data extracted from phones has eclipsed data extracted from desktop and laptop computers in recent years, since the former can yield not only detailed logs about a user's activities, interests, and communications, but also, in many cases, map the user's whereabouts over weeks and months to produce a pattern of life.” [1] 
Bloomberg itself confirmed that Cellebrite Mobile Synchronization has indeed been working with the FBI. [2] CNN calls Cellebrite 'the mysterious 'outside party'…” [3] 
This shouldn't be a surprise at all, for we know that the NSA and the Israelis are almost two sides of the same coin. The New York Times itself agrees with the prevailing view that 'the N.S.A. was routinely passing along the private communications of Americans to a large and very secretive Israeli military organization known as Unit 8200.” [4] One can reasonably say that Israel has a way in which the NSA is loused up: 'Over the last decade, the NSA has significantly increased the surveillance assistance it provides to its Israeli counterpart, the Israeli SIGINT National Unit (ISNU; also known as Unit 8200), including data used to monitor and target Palestinians. In many cases, the NSA and ISNU work cooperatively with the British and Canadian spy agencies, the GCHQ and CSEC. The relationship has, on at least one occasion, entailed the covert payment of a large amount of cash to Israeli operatives.” [5] 
Solomon Ehrmann, a Viennese Jew, would have been pleased with what Israel has been doing. In a speech delivered at the B'nai B'rith in 1902, Ehrmann envisioned a future in which 'all of mankind will have been jewified and joined in union with the B'nai B'rith.” When that happens, 'not only the B'nai B'rith but all of Judaism will have fulfilled its task.” [6] 
Baruch Levy, one of Karl Marx's correspondents, would have agreed. He declared: 'The Jewish people taken collectively shall be its own Messias…In this new organization of humanity, the sons of Israel now scattered over the whole surface of the globe…shall everywhere become the ruling element without opposition…. 'The governments of the nations forming the Universal or World-Republic shall all thus pass, without any effort, into Jewish hands thanks to the victory of the proletariat…Thus shall the promise of the Talmud be fulfilled, that, when the Messianic epoch shall have arrived, the Jews will control the wealth of all the nations of the earth.” [7] 
Well, Judaism is seeking to fulfill 'its task” through the state of Israel, which we all know by now is based on the Talmud. [8] But Solomon, Levy, and others could not understand that no force is strong enough to impede the triumph of Logos in history. Julian the Apostate tried but failed miserably. Voltaire, Helvitius, d'Holbach, D'Alembert, Lametrie, Diderot, and nearly all the leading lights of the French Revolution tried. Not a single one of them succeeded because they were essentially fighting against the moral and political order, which is based on reason. 
If Hegel is right, that reason will triumph in the end, then Solomon, Levy and their minions cannot win. Their evil work is actually drawing them closer and closer to destruction. These people will continue to fail because they are blind to higher realities. They cannot not see that ultimate reason is the beginning and end of human history. They should have at least read Hegel's position on the philosophy of history. 
World history, Hegel tells us, 'is governed by an ultimate design…whose rationality is not that of a particular subject, but a divine and absolute reason,” [9] and sometimes this divine and absolute reason has a cunning way of working itself out in history, irrespective of what evil men intend to do. This 'divine and absolute reason,” says Hegel will 'realize its end” in due time. [10] 
The carnal man simply cannot understand this 'cunning of reason” because he is again blind to higher metaphysics. Higher realities goes back to Heraclitus, Plato and Aristotle and was refined by people like Aquinas. It states that there is a mathematical, philosophical, moral, and political order in the universe and it is bigger than human beings. 
Heraclitus wrote: 'Listening not to me but to the Logos…” [11] According to scholar Eva Brann, Heraclitus 'directs us not to intellectual self-reliance, not to seek some truth, but to comprehend and follow this truth: that said b the Logos.” [12] This Logos, according to Heraclitus, is both 'a maxim and Wisdom Inarnate.” According to Brann's interpretation of Heraclitus, 'This great Logos has a wisdom, or rather it is the Wise thing, and this Wise Thing has a maxim, or rather it is that practical principle which guides everything through everything, relates all things to all things…” [13] 
What Heraclitus and others of that era were trying to establish is that there is an order in this universe, which is undeniable. There is a mathematical, philosophical, esthetic, political and moral order. Any deviation from that order has serious consequences, including intellectual death. And anyone who studies the universe from a rational and truthful standpoint can recognize that order. 
Even physicists and mathematicians like P. C. W. Davis, Sir Fred Hoyle, John D. Barrow, Frank J. Tipler, Sir Martin Rees, among others, have come to realized that the mathematical order in the universe demands an explanation. [14] That explanation cannot be attributed to chance at all. [15] 
Rees himself argues that there are basically six numbers that sustain the physical properties of the entire universe. If you change any one of those six numbers (such as the strong nuclear force, gravitational force, etc.) 'even to the tiniest degree, there would be no stars, no complex elements, no life.” Rees adds, 'Had these numbers not been 'well tuned,' the gradual unfolding of layer upon layer of complexity would have been quenched.” [16] 
Well, these numbers are 'well tuned” because they were based on what the Greeks and St. John call the Logos, which the carnal mind ultimately rejects. This 'absolute reason,” says Hegel, will bring about the end of history. 
But looking at all the evil and chaos in this world, obviously the carnal man would think that there cannot be an 'infinite power, which realizes its ends.” But Hegel would respond by saying that this is why this 'infinite power” is 'cunning” and is more powerful than human beings. 
This 'infinite power,” according to scholar Robert C. Tucker's interpretation of Hegel, 'fulfill its ulterior rational designs in an indirect and sly manner. It does so by calling into play the irrational element in human nature, the passions.” [17] 
The carnal mind simply lacks vision and insight to understand all this because he limits himself only to the primitive idea that the material universe, as Karl Sagan hubristically propounded, 'is all that is or was or ever will be.” [18] 
The carnal mind cannot see that the materialist position lacks intellectual rigor to explain simple things like love, hate, justice, truth, hatred, etc. The best that the carnal mind can offer here is to posit that those things are simply illusions. As Nobel Laureate Francis Crick put it years ago in his book The Astonishing Hypothesis : 'The Astonishing Hypothesis is that 'You,' your joys and your sorrows, your memories and your ambitions, your sense of personal identity and free will, are in fact no more than the behavior of a vast assembly of nerve cells and their associated molecules.” [19] 
Richard Dawkins makes the same assumption when he argues that the universe is 'just electrons and selfish genes,” therefore 'meaningless tragedies…are exactly what we should expect, along with equally meaningless good fortune.” [20] 
The word 'meaningless” itself implicitly assumes something called 'meaningful.” And both words again assume that there is a 'law” by which to differentiate what is 'meaningful” and 'meaningless.” And a law assumes a 'lawgiver.” That's what the carnal mind like Dawkins is promiscuously trying to deny! Perhaps people like Dawkins need to think goodness that they have never met people like Kant. 
[1] Kim Zetter, 'When the FBI Has a Phone It Can't Crack, It Calls These Israeli Crackers,” The Intercept , November 1, 2016. 
[2] Yaacov Benmeleh, 'FBI Worked With Israel's Cellebrite to Crack iPhone,” Bloomberg , March 30, 2016. 
[3] Jose Pagliery, 'Cellebrite is the FBI's go-to phone hacker,” CNN , April 1, 2016. 
[4] See James Bamford, 'Israel's N.S.A. Scandal,” NY Times , September 16, 2014. 
[5] Glenn Greenwald, 'Cash, Weapons, and Surveillance: The U.S. Is a Key Party to Every Israeli Attack,” The Intercept , August 4, 2014. 
[6] Quoted in Albert S. Lindemann, Esau's Tears: Anti-Semitism and the Rise of the Jews (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1997), 331. 
[7] Quoted in E. Michael Jones, The Jewish Revolutionary Spirit and Its Impact on World History (South Bend: Fidelity Press, 2008), 1066. 
[8] Marissa Newman, 'Netanyahu reported to say legal system based on Talmud,” Times of Israel , May 8, 2014. 
[9] George Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Lectures on the Philosophy of World History (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1975), 28. 
[10] Ibid., 35. 
[11] Quoted in Eva Brann, The Logos of Heraclitus: the First Philosopher of the West on Its Most Interesting Term (Philadelphia: Paul Dry Books, 2011), 15. 
[13] Ibid., 21. 
[14] See for example John D. Barrow and Frank J. Tipler, The Anthropic Cosmological Principle (New York: Oxford University Press, 1988); Martin Rees, Just Six Numbers: The Deep Forces That Shape The Universe (New York: Basic Books, 2000); Paul Davis, The Goldilocks Enigma: Why Is the Universe Just Right for Life? (New York: Mariner Books, 2006); Fred Hoyle, Evolution from Space (New York: Touchtone, 1984); Fred Hoyle, The Intelligent Universe (New York: Rinehart, 1988). 
[15] See Dean L. Overman, A Case Against Accident and Self-Organization (Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield Publishers, 1997). 
[16] Martin Rees, Just Six Numbers: The Deep Forces That Shape The Universe (New York: Basic Books, 2000), 161. 
[17] Robert C. Tucker, 'The Cunning of Reason in Hegel and Marx,” The Review of Politics , Vol. 18, NO 3, July 1956: 269-295. 
[18] Carl Sagan, Cosmos (New York: Ballantine Book, 1980 and 1013), xxii. 
[19] Francis Crick, The Astonishing Hypothesis: The Scientific Search for the Soul (New York: Simon & Schuster, 1994), 3. 
[20] Richard Dawkins, River Out of Eden: A Darwinian View of Life (New York: Basic Books, 1995), 132. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Israeli official secretly visits Dubai: Report By Press TV on November 4, 2016 Israel envoy to the United Nations (UN) Danny Danon (R) and a purported Emirati official (file photo) 
A high-ranking delegation from the Israeli regime has secretly traveled to the United Arab Emirates (UAE), even as the Emirati government has no diplomatic relations with Tel Aviv. 
Danny Danon, the Israeli regime's ambassador to the United Nations (UN), made a three-day secret visit along with his staff to Dubai to participate in a development conference organized by the UN, reported the Israel Channel 2 television station on Thursday. 
The UN conference was held in Dubai from October 30 to November 3. 
The report said Danon's visit to the UAE was conducted 'under heavy secrecy and tight security so as not to arouse the anger of UAE citizens.” 
The Emirati government does not officially recognize the Israeli regime, which would mean that Israelis cannot obtain passports to travel there. However, Emirati authorities reportedly provided special visas for Danon and his staff to enable their trip, reported the Israeli channel. 
Barring Jordan and Egypt, which have open, diplomatic relations with the Tel Aviv regime, Arab governments claim that they do not recognize Israel. They say they would normalize relations with the Tel Aviv regime only when it reaches a deal with the Palestinians, whose lands the Israeli regime has occupied. 
However, there have been numerous reports and public statements indicating covert ties between the Arab governments and Israel. 
In Mid-March, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said his regime's relations with regional Arab countries was ' dramatically warming .” Moshe Ya'alon, Israel's minister of military affairs, also in February pointed to open channels between the regime and Arab states. 
Also in July, a Saudi delegation headed by a former military general visited Israel and met a senior Israeli foreign ministry official and a number of Knesset members. 
Anwar Eshki, the Saudi former general, met Israel's foreign ministry director general Dore Gold, and Yoav Mordechai, who coordinates the Israeli regime's activities in the occupied territories. 
In November 2015, AP cited an Israeli foreign ministry spokesman as saying that Tel Aviv would 'soon” open a 'permanent mission” in Abu Dhabi. The mission, it said, would operate as part of the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) based in the Emirati city. Related Posts:
ARTICLE

Israeli official secretly visits Dubai: Report ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board Afraid of What? The Woman Who Accused Trump of Raping Her at 13 Just Dropped Her Lawsuit By GPD on November 4, 2016 Bloom said earlier this week that Doe/Johnson didn't appear at a planned press conference because she had received death threats and was in fear for her life. Illustration by Jim Cooke 
A woman who accused Donald Trump of raping her at a party when she was just 13 years old has voluntarily dismissed her lawsuit, according to court records. The woman, who has gone by the pseudonyms Jane Doe and Katie Johnson, was a no-show at a much hyped press conference earlier this week with celebrity attorney Lisa Bloom. Jezebel previously detailed the bizarre backstory behind two lawsuits Johnson filed against Trump and celebrity sex offender Jeffrey Epstein, who she said also raped her at a party in 1994. A group of men worked for a year to push the rape allegations into the news, while preventing access to Johnson. No journalist has ever been able to speak to her directly in person or confirm her existence. However, her attorney, Thomas Francis Meagher of New Jersey, has told Jezebel he's met with his client on several occasions and has gotten to know her 'quite well.” 
According to court records, Johnson/Doe voluntarily dismissed the suit on the afternoon of November 4. No other information is provided in the filing. 
Read more here
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 4, 2016 Tabloid owner American Media agreed to pay $150,000 for story from 1998 Playmate of the Year, but hasn't published her account with Bruce Willis MICHAEL ROTHFELD and LUKAS I. ALPERT 
The company that owns the National Enquirer, a backer of Donald Trump , agreed to pay $150,000 to a former Playboy centerfold model for her story of an affair a decade ago with the Republican presidential nominee, but then didn't publish it, according to documents reviewed by The Wall Street Journal and people familiar with the matter. 
The tabloid-newspaper publisher reached an agreement in early August with Karen McDougal, the 1998 Playmate of the Year. American Media Inc., which owns the Enquirer, hasn't published anything about what she has told friends was a consensual romantic relationship she had with Mr. Trump in 2006. At the time, Mr. Trump was married to his current wife, Melania. 
Quashing stories that way is known in the tabloid world as 'catch and kill.” In a written statement, the company said it wasn't buying Ms. McDougal's story for $150,000, but rather two years' worth of her fitness columns and magazine covers as well as exclusive life rights to any relationship she has had with a then-married man. 'AMI has not paid people to kill damaging stories about Mr. Trump,” the statement said. 
Ms. McDougal expected her story about Mr. Trump to be published, people familiar with the matter said. American Media didn't intend to run it, said another person familiar with the matter. Ms. McDougal didn't return calls for comment. 
Read more at WSJ Related Posts: Afraid of What? The Woman Who Accused Trump of Raping Her at 13 Just Dropped Her Lawsuit The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 4, 2016, With 36 Reads Filed under WarZone . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

By Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 4, 2016 
Moscow's decision to send a fleet of warships, led by the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier, to the eastern Mediterranean may have saved the Syrian military from getting bombed by the US, according to military expert Vladimir Evseev. Speaking at a press conference at the Rossiya Segodnya news agency press center in Moscow, Evseev, the deputy director of Russia's CIS Institute, pointed out that Washington had only recently considered the possibility of attacking Syrian government forces, using the pretext of a UN report which alleged that Damascus had used chemical weapons. 
'We recently lived through a very important milestone which many people did not even notice,” the analyst suggested. 'Why was the question raised of the Syrian Army's alleged use of chemical weapons? The stage was being set for [US] ship-based cruise missile strikes. According to some reports, such a decision was in play…[Western] public opinion was actively being prepared for it.” 
As Russian Ships Complete Passage to Med, Moscow is 'Surprised' by Western Buzz But the entry of a major Russian flotilla, led by the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier, into the Mediterranean may been the essential element needed to cool the Pentagon's appetites, Evseev added. 
'The presence of our ships [between Algeria and Italy] excludes the possible deployment of a similar NATO naval group in the area. Factually, our ships have closed Syria off. The Russian ships did not appear where they are by accident, and eliminated the possibility of launching cruise missiles from that direction.” 
The analyst also recalled that earlier, S-300 systems 'were deployed in Tartus” with similar goals in mind, given that they are 'capable of addressing not only air-based threats, but ballistic targets as well.” Last week, the contents of a leaked report submitted to the UN Security Council blamed the Syrian government for a chemical attack in Idlib in 2015. Damascus vehemently denied the charges, citing the terrorists' own regular use of poison gas. 
Moscow, meanwhile, stressed that more serious evidence would need to be presented before such serious accusations could be leveled. Why Does Media Cover Up War Crimes of 'Rebels' in Aleppo? The US and NATO allies, already engaged in a campaign to demonize Syria and Russia over the fight for Aleppo, used the report to pile on to other charges that Damascus and Moscow were responsible for 'war crimes' in their operation to liberate Syria from armed militants and jihadists. 
Commenting on the military situation in Syria, Evseev suggested that together with the liberation of Aleppo, the Syrian military and their Russian allies must make it a priority to surround Nusra Front terrorists in Idlib. 'The terrorists must be destroyed, but most likely a process of squeezing them out will take place,” he admitted. If forced to leave Idlib, 'the only place for them to go will be Turkey. And here, I would recommend that our Western partners, who currently advise us how to fight in Aleppo, take a moment to think about what will happen to the Idlib militants who end up in Turkey,” the expert noted. 
'From here, it's likely that they can then be expected to pay a visit to Europe. This is what Western nations should be thinking about, instead of putting a spoke in the wheel and doing everything possible to interfere in the operation to liberate Aleppo and other Syrian territories.” As far as the situation in the city of Aleppo is concerned, Evseev stressed that 'if we continue to wait and prolong humanitarian pauses, there will be no people left in Aleppo. Without air support, losses are too high. It's necessary to free the city quickly, and to think less about the West thinks about it.” Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Gordon Duff, Senior Editor on November 4, 2016, With 51 Reads Filed under Investigations . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

Judge warns Trump campaign on voter intimidation in Ohio By Press TV on November 4, 2016 
A US federal judge has issued an order, warning Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's campaign against harassing or intimidating Ohio voters. 
US District Judge James Gwin ruled on Friday that anyone who hinders or delays a prospective voter from reaching the polling place and casting a ballot inside or near Ohio polling places would face contempt-of-court charges. 
Gwin also ruled that pro-Trump operative Roger Stone cannot question voters 'under the guise of the purported 'exit polling' or 'citizen journalist' operations organized and encouraged” by Stone and a group called Stop the Steal. 
The ruling comes after Ohio Democrats have lodged a complaint that Stone was seeking to engage in his own version of exit polling, which they claimed was aimed at hassling voters. 
'We think Democrats and Republicans have every right to hand out leaflets at polls and everything else but what we don't want is harassment or intimidation and the judge is obviously trying to balance that,” said Ohio Democratic Party Chairman David Pepper. 
Meanwhile, the Trump campaign has denied it was participating in any illegal activity. 
'Intimidating voters is illegal, and the campaign does not remotely condone such conduct,” Trump campaign lawyer Chad A. Readler of Jones Day wrote in a legal filing in Ohio earlier this week. 
'This case is one of four coordinated attacks across the country that are clearly long-planned efforts to sow chaos in the Defendants' political efforts, while garnering maximum publicity for Plaintiff's unsubstantiated, inflammatory claims on the eve of the Presidential Election,” Readler added. 
According to the Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project released on Friday, Trump's support has increased in 24 states and decreased in 11 over the past week. In comparison, support for his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton has grown in 13 states and lessened in 22. Related Posts: Afraid of What? The Woman Who Accused Trump of Raping Her at 13 Just Dropped Her Lawsuit The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Press TV on November 4, 2016, With 27 Reads Filed under Politics . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

Mosul residents storm Daesh-run jail, free dozens of inmates By Press TV on November 4, 2016 
Iraqi families walk on a street in the village of Gogjali, on the eastern edge of Mosul, on November 4, 2016, as they flee Daesh terrorists in the northern city. 
Residents of the Daesh-held Iraqi city of Mosul have managed to storm the city's main prison and free dozens of inmates amid a major military operation by the Iraqi forces who are tightening the noose around the terror group holed up in the northern city. 
Iraq's Arabic-language al-Sumaria satellite television network quoted an unnamed security source as saying that the Mosul residents on Friday evening broke into the city's main prison, located in the eastern part of Mosul, and freed at least 45 prisoners after killing all of the Daesh militants manning the jail. 
The development comes as Iraqi army troops, backed by the country's Hashd al-Shaabi forces, also known as the Popular Mobilization Units, and Kurdish Peshmerga forces, are closing in on Daesh's last stronghold in Iraq from almost all directions in a full-scale operation launched on October 17 to liberate the city. 
The Iraqi troops managed to enter Mosul's limits earlier this week for the first time since June 2014, when Daesh began its terror campaign in northern and western Iraq. So far, a large number of the city's villages and districts have been purged of terrorists. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has vowed that the country's second largest city will be fully recaptured by year-end. An Iraqi army M1 Abrams tank drives through Gogjali as it heads to Mosul on November 4, 2016, during a military operation to retake the main hub city from Daesh terrorists. (Photo by AFP) 
'Daesh killing hundreds, recruiting children' 
Meanwhile, UN human rights spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani has announced that the terrorists have executed hundreds of people, including 180 former Iraqi government employees who were killed on Wednesday as the Takfiri group was withdrawing from Gogjali town. 
Citing 'credible reports”, she added that the terrorists also executed 50 deserters at the Ghazlani military base in Mosul on Monday. 
Shamdasani, who was speaking on Friday at a regular UN briefing in Geneva, Switzerland, went on to say that Daesh had moved 1,600 people, likely to use them as human shields against airstrikes, from the town of Hammam al-Alil to Tal Afar near Mosul on Tuesday, and told them they might be taken to Syria. 
She also warned that Daesh was trying to recruit children, particularly boys above the age of nine, in Hammam al-Alil as the group was increasingly losing its adult terrorists in clashes with the Iraqi troops. 
'They've been knocking on people's doors and asking for their boys,” Shamdasani further said, adding that defiant families were threatened with harsh punishment. 
The UN official also said that Daesh was currently holding about 400 Kurdish, Izadi and Shia women in Tal Afar, and had possibly killed up to 200 people in Mosul. 
On Friday, the Iraqi special forces launched an assault to advance deeper into the city's urban center, and engaged in fierce fighting with Daesh terrorists, estimated to number between 3,000 and 5,000 in the sprawling city. 
Iraqis fleeing Daesh reunite with families 
In another related development, Iraqi civilians fleeing Daesh in Mosul reunited with their families for the first time in more than two years at the al-Khazar camp, to the east of the city, on Friday. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Press TV on November 4, 2016, With 30 Reads Filed under World . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

Israeli official secretly visits Dubai: Report ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. Syrian War Report – November 4, 2016: Govt Forces Repel Fierce Militant Advance in Aleppo By South Front on November 4, 2016 …from SouthFront 
The Syrian army and the National Defense Forces (NDF) advanced along the Aleppo-Hama highway and seized the two hills – Tell Bazam and Tell Masin – north of the recently liberated town of Souran. Strategically, this offensive may allow the army and the NDF to flank the militant-controlled areas with the center in Latamanah. This strategy could lead to a success if the government forces are able to advance further to the north and to take control of Morek. 
The government forces continued military operations in Western Ghouta, targeting Jabhat Fatah al-Sham (formerly Jabhat al-Nusra, the Syrian al-Qaeda branch) and its allies in the town of Khan al-Sheih. Earlier this week, the government forces made an attempt to make an agreement with the militants to allow them to withdraw from the city to the province of Idlib. However, this idea resulted in a falure and lead to further escalation in the area. Yesterday, the army and the NDF seized a key farms northeast of Khan al-Sheih and deployed in a striking distance from the militant stronghold. 
The army's Tiger Forces, the Desert Hawks Brigade and Hezbollah successfully repelled a fiercest attack by the al-Nusra-led militant alliance, Jaish al-Fatah, in western Aleppo on November 3. Both sides suffered some casualties and Jaish al-Fatah used at least 2 car bombs in an attepmt to break the government forces' defenses. Pro-militant sources report that the 'opposition' has destroyed some 4 units of military equipment belonging to the army. At least 1 infantry fighting vehicle and 1 battle tank belonging to Jaish al-Fatah were destroyed. On November 4, the humanitarian took place in the city. However, firefights are ongoing. 
The ISIS-linked media outlet Amaq released a footage of an explosion of Russian Mi-35 multi-role combat helicopter near the village of Huwaysis, northwest of Palmyra. the Mi-35 was delivering a humanitarian aid in the area when it was downed because of a technical failure. ISIS militants targeted the landing site with an anti-tank guided missile. The incident took place on November 3. The Mi-35's crew (2 men) survived the incident and returned safely to the Russian Khmeimim Airbase in the province of Latakia. 
Russia's state-of-the-art frigate Admiral Grigorovich, armed with Caliber missiles, set off to the Mediterranean Sea from the port of Sevastopol on November 3. The frigate will join the Russian naval task force off the coast of Syria. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on November 4, 2016, With 2007 Reads Filed under WarZone . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
ARTICLE

Israeli official secretly visits Dubai: Report ‹ › GPD is our General Posting Department whereby we share posts from other sources along with general information with our readers. It is managed by our Editorial Board I thought I was just scared of Trump – but it's his America I fear By GPD on November 4, 2016 Misogyny, racism and bigotry won't go away if Donald Trump loses next week's election; it was already here before he drew it out into the mainstream 'Even if Trump loses, this isn't simply a bad dream that we'll awaken from on 9 November.' Photograph: Evan Vucci/AP by Jessica Valenti 
W ith the presidential election less than a week away, my once-composed optimism has given way to panic. Sheer, stomach-churning panic. You see, up until now I had done a somewhat decent job of not allowing myself to imagine the unimaginable: Donald Trump winning. But as election day looms closer, and the racism and sexism that infects Trump's campaign is ratcheted up, it's hard not to be terrified. 
In the past week, a Ku Klux Klan newspaper endorsed Trump and white supremacists announced their plan for widespread voter intimidation. Trump rally-goers shouted antisemitic invective at reporters, and a historically black church in Mississippi was burned and 'vote Trump” scrawled across the side. Another woman came forward to accuse Trump of sexual assault , and a Texas official called Hillary Clinton a 'cunt”. 
This isn't a political divide between left and right, Democrats and Republicans; it's an immeasurable moral chasm. And so I understand why it's been easier for many horrified by Trump to simply pretend there's no way that he could actually win the presidency. 
Read more at Guardian UK Related Posts:
ARTICLE

I thought I was just scared of Trump – but it's his America I fear ‹ › South Front Analysis & Intelligence is a public analytical project maintained by an independent team of experts from the four corners of the Earth focusing on international relations issues and crises. They focus on analysis and intelligence of the ongoing crises and the biggest stories from around the world: Ukraine, the war in Middle East, Central Asia issues, protest movements in the Balkans, migration crises, and others. In addition, they provide military operations analysis, the military posture of major world powers, and other important data influencing the growth of tensions between countries and nations. We try to dig out the truth on issues which are barely covered by governments and mainstream media. 'Arab Spring' and the Washington-Brussels-Riyadh Axis By South Front on November 5, 2016 …from SouthFront 
When the 'end of history”, meaning the establishment of a permanent Western hegemony over the entire international system, was proclaimed in the early 1990s, it was not yet obvious how the pursuit of said hegemony would evolve over the succeeding decades. The 'velvet” expansion of the 1990s into the post-Soviet vacuum gave way to the 'iron fist” for which the 9/11 terror strikes provided the excuse and which meant invading whichever country Washington desired. However, the 'iron fist” efforts in the post-9/11 world demonstrated West's weakness , as sustaining operations in Iraq and Afghanistan proved too much for NATO. This failure ushered the post-'post-9/11″ world, and the 'Arab Spring” became the first, though far from the only, demonstration of the evolved Western strategy which fuses the earlier approaches. 
The 'velvet” aspect is still there: Western entities claim they are promoting 'universal human values” which, evidently, is the end that justifies all means and which automatically means it is impossible to commit war crimes in its pursuit. Also, by implication, anyone who stands in the West's way operates under the presumption of guilt. In order to promote said 'universal values”, the West identifies, creates, or even invents a political movement which, although it consists of corrupt opportunists and outright criminals, ostensibly stands for 'universal values”. This entity then receives overwhelmingly positive media coverage, to the point of referring to any police or military response to the violence it perpetrates as 'war crimes”, in order to shape the public opinion in favor of limited military intervention in the form of airstrikes and a small number of special operations troops. Then one merely needs an excuse, a small incident, an insignificant act of violence by the target country's law enforcement of the kind that happen in the US in a daily basis, in order to start beating the war drums against the 'blood-soaked regime.” This approach was pioneered in Bosnia and Kosovo, the early exceptions to the 'velvet” policy, but was then shelved in the post-9/11 era when it seemed that West's aims could be achieved through more direct–and brutal–means, only to be resurrected by the Obama Administration and applied in Libya, Syria, and Ukraine with only minor variations. 
But the 'universal values” rhetoric is only camouflage aimed at securing the support of the liberal wing of the elite and obscuring the real aim of the aggression, the seizure of key national assets, be it petroleum or, in the case of Ukraine, farmland to bolster the fortunes of dominant sectors of Western economies, including finance and energy, and to preserve the fading Western hegemony. It is also evident Western powers are in an informal but very close alliance with the highly repressive governments of Gulf Arab states, which also stood to gain from eliminating the political competition posed by Libya's government and from building pipelines to Europe over the corpse of the Syrian state. This alignment was made necessary by the West's need for 'boots on the ground” which can accomplish that which airpower alone cannot, with ISIS, Al-Nusra, Free Syrian Army, and other such formations being a NATO-trained and NATO-equipped force which can be sent where NATO soldiers can't go, due to the domestic opposition such a move would provoke. 
The insights into the finances of the various Clinton 'foundations” provided by Wikileaks clearly show the inner workings of this alliance. The leaks also illustrate the key aspect of this alliance, namely the secretive and conspiratorial machinations of a small group of influential actors, as opposed to the broad elite consensus that existed during the Cold War. Nevertheless, this small group of conspirators on three continents now amounts to a de-facto Washington-Brussels-Riyadh axis. It is a relatively recent creation, dating to only the beginning of the Obama Administration. It did not exist during the George W. Bush Administration: Saudi Arabia was aghast at the idea of toppling the Sunni rule in Iraq, and the EU was mostly opposed to invading Iraq. Which made the EU's embrace of regime change in Syria, Libya, and Ukraine all the more startling, though not entirely surprising. Just as the US foreign policies are driven by the fear of being eclipsed by rising or recovering powers like China or Russia, the 2008 crisis bared the EU's weakness and thus provided an incentive for EU hardliners engage in reckless policies in the hopes of staving off its collapse. 
Is the game worth the candle? Considering the shrillness of the pro-war propaganda in both the US and the EU today, to the point of risking World War 3, the imagined benefits of regime changes must have been enormous. Stamping out the last truly sovereign states of the Middle East would have strengthened the West's claim on global hegemony. The failures Ukraine and in Syria, and ultimately also in Libya, therefore place Western powers face-to-face with the prospect of historic decline. Related Posts: No Related Posts The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by South Front on November 5, 2016, With 23 Reads Filed under Politics . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 . You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 
You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT
