ARTICLE

IMRAN GASHKORI | Sports Editor | 
As excitement for summer cricket builds, Wynnum father Chris Richards has honed his preparation, taking 7 wickets in a 'frightening' spell yesterday. 
'They were coming out perfectly,' the 36-year-old said between celebratory beers. The Australian tradition of backyard cricket has gotten much more competitive in recent years. PHOTO: Supplied. 
'Warnie always said one brings two'¦ In this case I went further,' he said. 
The full-time landscaper took the wickets of his three kids (aged 5, 8 & 13) as well as his wife (32) and two kids from down the street (ages unknown). 
'I was a pretty talented junior but my best was only three or four for,' he said. 
Richards claimed the scalps in just four overs on his 16-meter backyard pitch aided by generous electric wickie rules and the controversial one-hand-one-bounce law. Richards vehemently denies that he tampered with the ball, despite half of it being covered in a mysterious tape for the duration of the match. PHOTO: Supplied. 
However, video has emerged of Richards allegedly tampering with the ball with what seems like red electrical tape. 
'The tape was already on the ball before we started playing. That's well within the rules,' he said. 
Neighbours described his spell as 'frightening and intense' but added numerous dismissals were through the six-and-out by-law. 
In addition to his economical and wicket-to-wicket line-and-length bowling style, Richards also used an impressive array of sledges and other psychological tactics to get under the skin of the opposition team. 
His daughter Kayla explains. 
'Dad would dip one in short and I'd have to dive out-of-the-way,' she said. 
'Every time I tried to dodge the short balls, he'd call me a poofter, which doesn't make any sense to me,' 
Despite the criticism levelled against him, Richards has lashed out at his detractors. 
'You don't hear Johno (Mitchell Johnson) whinge about how he takes 'em' the one-time 3rd grader said. 
'I'm already growing the mo' so I can steam in with him when The Ashes start.' 
'I played it smart. Me boy Jacob (aged 8 ) Is a pretty timid kid. I knew after knocking over Darcy (aged 5) with a full toss that he would be pretty nervous at the crease. I banged the first one in short to get him backing away. He was a frightened rabbit after that. All I had to do was put the next one on the stumps. Seven balls later I had his wicket.' 
With additional reporting from the Wynnum Advertiser. 
2 Responses to " Brisbane Dad Takes 7 Backyard Wickets In 'Frightening Return To Form' " Greg July 6, 2015 at 5:08 pm 
Best one yet boys, keep it up
ARTICLE

Follow on Facebook Print This Post 
CLANCY OVERELL | Editor | CONTACT 
The nationwide boycott of all Carlton United Brewery products reached new heights over the weekend, after it was revealed that a camp of ringers in Queensland's Channel Country have only been drinking Sauvignon Blanc for the last five weeks. 
They join a growing political movement of punters that are abstaining from drinking any of Australia's highest-selling beer brands, in a showing of support for 55 workers who lost their jobs at Carlton & United Breweries (CUB) in June. These men and women are also known as the #CUB55. 
The maintenance workers lost their jobs after CUB terminated a machine maintenance contract with employer Quant, they were then offered their jobs back again at a 65% lower wage, after penalty rates and other entitlements. 
E.H Pearson Cattle Company 's head stockman, Ronnie Austin says although he and his mates often punch on with the unionised Betoota shearing contractors, joining the CUB Boycott was a 'no fucking brainer'. 
'I'm usually not a big supporter of the Unions, but you can't carry on the way these blokes have been' 
'It's fucking crook, mate' 
Austin says it's been hard work trying to avoid getting stuck into a few green demons at knock off after pushing cattle all day, but it's their duty as fellow workers to support the CUB 55. 
'It's been tough. But we are all starting to get around the lively fruit flavours of the Jacob's Creek Sauvignon Blanc' 
'The passionfruit and citrus prevail across the palate, which is pretty much enhanced by the fresh natural acidity which provides vibrancy and length on the finish' 
With the Mount Isa New Years Eve Rodeo as the next big event pencilled in on their calendars, Austin says the Betoota boys are prepared to throw down with anyone who questions their choice of drink. 
'If CUB haven't sorted this mess out by then, well yes of course we will still be drinking white wine on New Years Eve' 
'If anyone has problem with it then they can come and talk to me and Rocko. It won't be the first time we've had to bust heads in the Isa' 
'In fact anyone who wants to drink VB around me better have a note from their doctor because It's just bloody unaustralian' 
It seems the CUB boycott has travelled across all cultures and state borders in Australia, with workers unions in Brisbane marching as well as hipster musicians now being forced to choose between supported the workers and drinking Melbourne Bitter ironically. 

ARTICLE

Follow on Facebook Print This Post 
CLANCY OVERELL | Editor | CONTACT 
Former Australian cricket captain, Ricky Ponting, has put the blame squarely on our nation's town planners in the wake of another 'very, very poor batting performance' that led to a heavy second Test defeat. 
'How do we expect to find any young talent when majority of our countries junior players are growing up in apartments? Or worse off the grid housing developments?' Amid concerns about coaching levels and the strength of club and Shield cricket, Ponting says we need to focus on decentralising our nation's capital cities, so that kids 'can grow up with a bit of space'. 'Kids don't learn how to knock them if they've got to constantly be worried about putting a hole through dad's OLED television' 'Or knocking grandpas ashes off the mantlepiece' 
Ponting warned Australia's current players are starting to make Watson look tough, while the game in this country had been weakened by a rising number of children that have to use an elevator before they can even find a fucking drive way to roll the arm over. 
'It's ridiculous. In my day we didn't even have a neighbours window to worry about. This kids are too crammed' Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Our latest Tweets!
