ARTICLE

Few really believe former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has changed her mind about the virtues of free trade or the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Part of the reason is because, despite Clinton's rhetoric, some of her closest allies say she is firmly in the corporate camp and a true free trader who supports NAFTA and TPP.
In 2012, Clinton called TPP ' the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field.'
On October 8, 2015, Clinton reversed her position and said she no longer supported TPP.
Clinton and her staff pushed back on claims that her reversal was political, but a recently released email from Wikileaks shows Clinton Campaign Manager Robby Mook uncertain about Clinton's position as recently as March 1, 2015, not even a year before the reversal.
When informed on February 28 by White House Director of the Office of Political Strategy and Outreach David Simas that a bipartisan letter was being drafted by former cabinet officials in support of free trade, Mook responded:
I can't recall where we landed exactly on trade. Is she going to say she supports it? Regardless of her position, signing a letter feels like poking the bear with labor to me.
Even Clinton's staff didn't now what her position was on trade in 2015? How could someone who had been in public life so long not know their own views?
The answer, of course, is that Clinton was likely waiting to see where the polling came out on TPP—a deal that largely resembles the one she helped negotiate as secretary of state. TPP does not poll well, especially among progressive Democrats, whom she was going to have to deal with in the then-future presidential primaries.
The problem for those opposing TPP is not Clinton's current position, it is whether, as her friends say, she is going to reverse herself again if she becomes president and sign TPP into law.
The post TPP: Leaked Emails Show Clinton Staff Unsure of Trade Positions In 2015 appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

With the prospect of a true and unrepentant warmonger set to take the White House, neoconservatives are getting positively aroused by the thought of more US intervention in the Middle East.
Even with thousands dead from drone strikes, a 'surge' in Afghanistan, and seven active wars, the Obama years have just not been bloody enough for some.
Take longtime neoconservative activist Michael Weiss. Weiss has been pushing for a war in Syria since he teamed up with disgraced non-PhD Elizabeth O'Bagy in 2013 .
Weiss recently unleashed a Tweet storm and gave his considerably inexpert views on US military options in Syria and the need for regime change. In one tweet, Weiss claimed, 'Hardly a risk of 'open-ended' conflict with Russia in Syria. Entire Russian deployment could be wiped out in 48 hrs by US. Putin knows it.'
Weiss has never served in the US military, let alone in a command or strategic capacity. Someone who has is Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford, who testified before the Senate that a No Fly Zone would lead to an open-ended conflict. As he explained, 'For us to control all of the air space in Syria would require us to go to war against Syria and Russia.' 
No one at the Pentagon or elsewhere has made a declaration that if such a war was waged it could be successfully completed 'in 48 hours,' nor would they, as it is an abysmally stupid thing to claim. Weiss, like the neoconservatives before the Iraq War, is making ridiculous statements he likely knows are false in hopes of tricking the American people into supporting another belligerent folly abroad.
This is not out of character for Weiss, who was perhaps best defined by journalist Gary Brecher: 
Michael Weiss is an idiot. No, I mean even by the standards of American punditry. Weiss has been writing Russia-baiting crap for years, stories with comic headlines like 'Ireland Bows to Russia's Intimidation.' When he's not bashing Russia, Weiss' job is gulping up some stinking, fishy gobs of CIA/Pentagon/Likud disinformation, then vomiting it back onto the pages of the [Daily] Beast like a dutiful penguin dad. Weiss never sees anything, or even tries to; he hears things, always whispered in his ear by some quasi-spook shill whose motives he never questions. And what he hears about Syria is the Russians are paving the way for an Islamic state.
It would be interesting to learn who fed this two day consequence-free war with Russia fishy gob to Weiss. Though it could be Weiss pulled that gob right out of his own ass.
The post Neoconservative Michael Weiss Says He Knows More Than All The Generals About Syria appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

The Free Alabama Movement (FAM), one of the groups leading the national prison strike against slavery, argues an intentional lack of access to educational and rehabilitative opportunities foments violence and is central to maintaining an exploitative labor system within prisons.
'What is the best way to keep a population of people, where we can exploit them and put them in this system? The best way to do it is to keep us ignorant and uneducated, and thats how its working,' said Bennu Hannibal Ra-Sun, a member of FAM incarcerated at the Donaldson Correctional Facility.
This violence and other related issues, like overcrowding, recently motivated the United States government to announce an investigation into the Alabama prison system. Officers at one facility refused to go to work in recent months in protest against an administration they believe failed to protect them from an unruly population.
According to statistics [ PDF ] from the Alabama Department of Corrections, the number of prisoners graduating General Education Development (GED) courses and completing drug treatment has fallen since 2007-08. Eight hundred and seventy-two people received their GED while incarcerated in Alabama in 2007, a number that was at 412 in 2014 before rising to 694 in 2015.
Alabama Department of Corrections GED recipients, 2007-2015. Data provided by Alabama Department of Corrections; Graph by Shadowproof.
'There's no intervention between the issues that [a person] had when they came to prison and the time that they'll spend in prison,' Bennu said.
'Right now, you got a block where, inside of the dorms, you got 100-200 people. There's not a single bookshelf in there,' he continued. 'There's not a writing table. There's no magazines. There's no dictionaries. There's no pictures on the walls, ABC's, 1-2-3's.'
'You remember when we go to school? You know that you're in an educational environment. There's pictures and books on the walls, 'A mind is a terrible thing to waste'—these reinforcements. They don't have any of that. In these blocks, there's a TV, a microwave, and a coffee pot, and then there's just a bunch of bodies strewn all over the place,' Bennu said.
Such programs can make a real difference in the environment inside a prison. 'In the Convicts Against Violence Program, we had conflict resolution classes, we had mediation classes. We had peer leadership for gang members to teach them not to be leading guys down the wrong path. So we can make them better leaders by teaching them from a book called, 'The 21 Laws of Leadership.' We teach from that book and taught guys leadership skills. So we were able to occupy these guys time.'
'These are guys that normally are laying around waiting on the next joint to come through, waiting for the next batch of heroin to fall in, waiting on the next batch of ice to come in,' Bennu said. 'But instead of that they're in class. They're watching educational DVDs They're in leadership classes. They're in group circles.'
Prisons that do not provide much programming and rehabilitation commonly do so for punitive or budgetary reasons (or both). But Bennu argued doing so comes with the cost of a volatile population. 'We're filling that time, creating new habits, creating new patterns, creating new thought processes, and so we're making people more responsible, more mature. But if they don't allow us to do that, then they're time is filled with nothing. Whatever happens, they're gonna jump in and get involved.'
'They changed the rule now,' Bennu said. 'You can't go to school no more until you're within 5 years of your [end of sentence] date. So you come to prison, and you can't read or write and you don't have a skill or trade, and you got 20 years. You'll do 15 years in prison before you go to school. So you gonna develop these bad habits for 15 years, and now they think you're gonna change with five years to go, but you're going home anyway. So you don't even need that shit.'
Alabama Department of Corrections Statistics show the number of people completing drug treatment has fallen by more than one half since 2008—from 4,807 to 2,567 in 2016.
Alabama Department of Corrections prisoner completing drug treatment, 2008-2015. Data provided by Alabama Department of Corrections; Graph by Shadowproof.
'If you have heroin problems, you still got it. Now you've got 15 more years of heroin addiction and they're talking about going to GED—how you gonna get a heroin addict, a full blown heroin addict into a GED class? And he's not 19 now, he's 34 now,' Bennu said.
Bob Horton, a spokesperson for the Alabama Department of Corrections, responded to questions about declining numbers of GED graduates by stating, 'The average [GED] completions over the span of years cited is 617 annually. The report reflects 694 completions in 2015, which is actually a substantial increase. FY 2014, which runs Oct 2013 through September 2014, saw a decline, and it is our understanding the requirements for completion was substantially changed during that timeframe.'
'The drug treatment numbers have declined for a couple of reasons,' Horton said. 'One, because of a shortage of counselors, and two, inmates not meeting the criteria by testing positive for drugs while participating in the program.'
Horton said the DOC was short 20 counselors twelve months ago, but through an 'intensive effort to hire the needed professionals to administer the program,' that number has improved. The department is working toward filling the twelve remaining counselor positions, he said, while also implementing an 'evidenced-based method for evaluating the success rate of the Substance Abuse Treatment program offered to offenders.'
'Effective rehabilitation and education programs have been proven to reduce violence in prisons, which are of course occupied by a large number of inmates in a confined area, and who have documented violent backgrounds,' Horton agreed.
'Beyond the obvious portals of perimeter security elements and building design, construction, and layout, effective classification and segmentation is the primary means to accomplish our primary mission of protecting the public, staff, visitors, and inmates themselves. Also inherent in our mission is the effort to provide rehabilitative tools, which the ADOC has done for decades.'
'There are a plethora of programs,' Horton said, such as psycho-social, educational, religious, and hybrid programs, 'which exist in every ADOC prison. They are not all reflected in the statistical reports.'
Bennu agreed the statistics don't provide the full picture of the options available to those inside Alabama prisons, but not in the same way Horton was suggesting. 'Some of these numbers are skewed by the fact that some of these people bought their certificates,' Bennu said. 'It's very easy.'
'Let's say I go to a prison, and they got a program,' he offered as a hypothetical example. 'I go down there, I see one of the people who's over there in the program. I'm gonna pull up on him and I'm gonna say, 'Hey man, how'd you get into this program?' Well you got to fill out these applications. I fill out the applications so I can go on the waiting list.'
'Or, I can pull back up on that guy and say, 'Man, I got two bags of coffee, now go on and get me in the program.' Boom, he's getting me in the program and that's that.'
'Once I get in the program, they got tutors and stuff looking over classes,' Bennu continued. 'So I pull up on the tutor—he might be a heroin addict, he might be a weed head—and I say I'm not gonna come to class, you just mark me present every day for six weeks and then give me the certificate. And I can pay him $25-50, whatever the cost may be, and then I've bought my certificate.'
Bennu argued the system works this way intentionally because the state has no incentive to rehabilitate prisoners. The cycle of recidivism that results from not helping prisoners get better is essential to maintaining the labor force.
'As long as we get back out and can force other people into a lifestyle of crime and to keep that culture alive that they've created through this rap music and through these movies and this Scarface—As long as they have us to keep this culture alive, it's a self perpetuating process,' Bennu contended.
An educated prisoner poses a threat to the system, he said, because they have the power to learn about and challenge their conditions of confinement. 'I'll just give you an example. I'm in a cell right now. The lights are out. The vents are full of filth. The cell is small. Well, if I can't read or write, then I don't know that there are health codes against this. I don't know that I have human rights and some of these things.'
'When you have a fully educated and engaged population, you can't get over on us the way that you can when we don't know any better. It serves their interest for us not to know what the health department says about the way that they're serving the food in the kitchen or the labor conditions that we have or how we were violated in court.'
'They don't want us to get out and become competitive in the job market,' he continued. 'They want to keep these jobs in prison where they don't have to pay us anything so its cheaper for them. It's just the cost of doing business. That's what it boils down to for these people, it's the cost of doing business.'
Bennu said this practice parallels the time of chattel slavery in America, when it was illegal for a slave to learn to read and write.
'In prison today, I'm in solitary confinement. The rules say I cannot receive any books, I got people on this block with me that can't read and write. They won't let them even get a GED book back here, but they're sitting in the cell all day doing nothing,' Bennu suggested. 'No books. No newspapers. No magazines. No reading material. No education material. And we're just sitting in here. So there's no way, and when I asked them about it they say, 'Well we don't want to reward them for bad behavior. We want to make sure they're punished.''
'But show me scientifically where punishment has been proven to be an effective method because if punishment worked, we wouldn't have recidivism. They're punishing us beyond the pale. So it's obvious that it doesn't work. They know it doesn't work, but it's rhetoric that has been used so long that even they believe.'
Bennu pushed back on the notion that punishing prisoners by restricting their participation in such programs is in the best interest of society. 'It is not mandatory that I get anger management. It is not mandatory that I get treatment for my addictions. It's not mandatory that I get a GED. It's not mandatory that I get a trade.'
'It's only mandatory that I go to work in the kitchen or go to work in the farm or wherever they tell me to. When I get back to society, I still can't read and write. I still don't have a skill or trade. I still got an anger problem. I still got a drug problem. How am I better for society?'
'On top of that, if I get a 15-year sentence, I can earn good time in the Alabama Department of Corrections. How can I earn good time and I can't read or write and it's not mandatory for me to go to GED school?'
'See, if they wanted to make that person better by the end of their sentence, they'll say you're eligible for good time but you can't get it unless you enroll in school. And when you get your GED you have to go get a trade. But then they'll be making that person better and they don't have any incentive to make that person better.'
'It's little things like that that shows that if the system was concerned about public safety, which person is better? This person earning good time, which means he'll be out soon, is it making him better to make him get a GED in order to earn that good time? Make him get that trade to get that good time, make him get anger management, make him get drug treatment—Is that gonna be the better person when he gets out?
'Or is that person gonna be better 'cause you're making him go to work in the kitchen every day and he's gonna get back out with all of the problems that he had when he went to prison?'
The post Free Alabama Movement Links Prison Slavery To Lack Of Access To Education, Rehabilitation appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

The United States shipped hundreds of millions of dollars in weapons to Saudi Arabia just weeks prior to the Saudi-led coalition's funeral bombing in Sanaa, Yemen, according to a new analysis of U.S. government data conducted by Shadowproof. 

The October 8 bombing killed 140 and wounded over 500. It was widely condemned by human rights groups and exposed U.S. support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen to greater scrutiny. 
In response to a query from Shadowproof about the funeral strike, State Department spokesperson Frankie Sturm replied, ' We have regularly expressed our concerns to the Saudi-led coalition, and urged them – as we have urged all sides, including the Houthis – to take all feasible measures to mitigate harm to civilians and civilian objects and return to a cessation of hostilities .' 
Despite the US government's purported desire for a 'cessation of hostilities' and 'concerns' for civilians, Shadowproof's analysis shows that large quantities of U.S. weapons continue to flow to the Saudi government, impeding a sustained ceasefire and enabling civilian carnage. 

In July and August, the U.S. shipped Saudi $8.8 million in bombs, $47.3 million in parts for bombs, 313 guided missiles worth $26 million, one military helicopter worth $15.7 million, and 334 armored fighting vehicles and 19 armored vehicles, which together are worth over $197 million. 

From April to July, when peace talks were active, the U.S. shipped $50 million in armored vehicles and $82 million in parts for bombs. Talks broke down in July and were followed by a major increase in coalition air assaults in Yemen. 

Following the attack on a funeral, the U.S. government announced it was ' reviewing ' its support for the Saudi coalition; however, as of October 10 , there were no changes to U.S. military support for coalition operations. 

A UN-brokered ceasefire implemented in April ushered in a major reduction in fighting. Yet, U.S. weapons shipments continued. 

In fact, over the course of President Barack Obama's administration, it has approved a staggering $115 billion in weapons sales to Saudi Arabia—including a $1.29 billion sale in November 2015, which included over 19,000 bombs and a $1.15 billion sale of tank components, ammunition, and other weapons. 

The U.S. government has also provided logistical and intelligence support that has facilitated the Saudi coalition's carnage. 

Given Saudi's dependence on the U.S. government for military support, it is difficult to overstate the degree of influence the U.S possesses over the Saudi government. For example, Bruce Riedel, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution said in April, 'If the United States of America and the United Kingdom tonight told King Salman that this war has to end, it would end tomorrow.' 
Kristine Beckerle, who researches Yemen for Human Rights Watch, told Shadowproof, 'The Saudi-led coalition's air campaign in Yemen has been devastating for civilians, hitting marketplaces, factories, homes and hospitals. There is no question US weapons have been used in some of these unlawful attacks, including one of the most deadly. The US should be suspending arms sales to Saudi, until it not only curbs unlawful strikes but also credibly investigates those that have already occurred.' 
A survey conducted by the Yemen Data Project found that, from the beginning of the Saudi coalition's air campaign in Yemen in March 2015, through August of 2016, more than one-third of the coalition's 8,600 strikes hit non-military targets. 
'The coalition is responsible for twice as many civilian casualties as all other forces put together, virtually all as a result of air strikes,' UN human rights chief Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein said back in March. 

Nasser Arrabyee, a journalist in Sanaa, told Shadowproof, 'In the first weeks of the war the battle for Sanna was over, all the military sites were destroyed, yet the coalition strikes continue on a daily basis, often hitting civilians.' 

The U.S. government continues to insist the Saudi coalition isn't intentionally targeting civilians, but Colette Gadenne, who heads Médecins Sans Frontières' (MSF) Yemen mission told Shadowproof, 'We've seen airstrikes hit civilian locations so often. For example, there was a strike on a crowded marketplace in Harad at 8 pm on July 4. It took place after people broke their Ramadan fast. And we only know about the strikes we see directly.'

Three MSF hospitals, one MSF mobile clinic, and an MSF ambulance were attacked by coalition forces. 

After the funeral attack, images appeared on social media allegedly showing fragments of a U.S-supplied tail fin for a JDAM guidance kit for a U.S-made Mark 82 500 lb. bomb. 

Ali Al-Ahmed, an expert on Saudi Arabia at the Institute for Gulf Affairs and himself a Saudi, told Shadowproof the Saudis indeed target civilians. 

'They couldn't defeat [the Houthis] on the battlefield so they're killing women and children, bombing schools, to get that result,' Ahmed explained. 
Back in 2010, U.S. Army whistleblower Chelsea Manning disclosed a State Department cable from the same year that showed the U.S. government provided 'imagery' of the Yemen border to the Saudi government, despite evidence Saudi aircraft were attacking civilians when attacking Houthis in northern Yemen. Assistant Minister of Defense and Aviation Prince Khaled bin Sultan appealed to a U.S. ambassador to give them a Predator drone to help limit civilian casualties.

Another cable from 2009 that was also disclosed by Manning shows the U.S. government approved military assistance for Saudi Arabia or Yemen if aid was not used against Houthis. Since then, the U.S. government has allowed the Saudi Kingdom to pull them into an open-ended war. 
With regard to al Qaida, Ahmed noted, 'Hundreds of Saudi jets and their allies bombing Yemeni forces have avoided bombing…positions in Yemen of al Qaida.'

'The Saudi air force is really becoming the air force for al-Qaida,' Ahmed said. 'The Saudi bombings have helped mostly one group: al-Qaida.' 
Ahmed also stressed the bombings fuel 'anti-Americanism.' Prior to the war, the Yemeni government cooperated closely with the U.S. in counterterrorism matters.

In a letter to President Obama, 36 members of congress urged him to block the $1.15 billion arms deal announced in August. The letter stated, 'Amnesty International has documented at least 33 unlawful airstrikes by the Saudi Arabia-led coalition across Yemen that appear to have deliberately targeted civilians and civilians facilities, such as hospitals, schools, markets, and places of worship. These attacks may amount to war crimes.'

According to a recent report by Reuters, the coalition has hit sites the U.S. government put on a 'do not strike' list. The U.S. designated these locations as being vital infrastructure for delivery of food aid and for post-war reconstruction.

The Saudi coalition declared as a target the entire Saada Governorate (measuring 4,000 square miles), which borders Saudi Arabia. It also reportedly used incendiary weapons, white phosphorous, as well as cluster weapons, which are banned by most countries. 
Both of these weapons were supplied by the U.S.

The war's effect on civilians in Yemen is enormous. 'The jets overhead scare the children. There is no place people can go to be safe, even hospitals are hit in strikes. The population is traumatized,' Gadenne said.

More than 10,000 civilians have been killed since the Saudi-led coalition began, including more than 1,000 children. More than 80 percent of the population now requires some form of humanitarian assistance for survival.

Beatriz Ochoa from Save the Children told Shadowproof, 'The number of children that are severely malnourished has doubled to 370,000 since the beginning of the coalition bombing. 1.6 million women and children under 5 are suffering from acute malnutrition with over 14 million, or roughly half of Yemen's population, are considered food insecure.'

The coalition imposed a blockade, which has resulted in shortages of medicine and food, as well as price spikes and hoarding of goods.

Recently, there was a reported cholera outbreak, which may exacerbate the already dangerous health crisis.

Another serious concern is unexploded ordnance. 'A 16-year-old girl was collecting firewood in Sadaa, and there had been an air strike in the area 3 months prior. An unexploded ordnance went off and she lost a leg,' Gadenne recalled.

Ms. Gadenne said MSF has seen victims from unexploded ordnance all over the country. Research from Amnesty International found thousands of unexploded munitions in northern Yemen, following a 10-day tour of the region earlier this year. 
The dire humanitarian crisis resulting from the war has given rise to a great deal of anger in Yemen, according to Arrabyee. 'Yemenis see the war as an American war, as the coalition couldn't carry out the strikes in Yemen without U.S. support. There is a big campaign saying Americans are the ones killing the Yemenis people.'

William Hartung from the Center for International Policy told Shadowproof the U.S. is directly involved in Yemen, even if it's not the one dropping the bombs. 
'Without U.S. support there's no way Saudi coalition could wage the war at this level,' Hartung said. 'The large weapons deals and mid-flight refueling provided by the U.S. play an important role in Saudi's ability to conduct strikes in Yemen.' 
The post U.S. Behind Huge Weapons Shipments To Saudi Arabia Prior to Yemen Funeral Attack appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Jails and prisons across the country struggle to tamp down the sale and use of contraband cell phones. But for many prisoners, especially those involved in the national prison strike against slave labor, access to such technology is considered a lifeline.
Prisoners in Alabama, South Carolina, New York, and other states use contraband phones to communicate with family, supporters, and members of the media about their work, and to document the violence, deteriorating and filthy facilities, and the testimonies of other incarcerated people. If prisoners did not have access to these cell phones, it's possible the public would know even less about the prison strike than they do today.
'A lot of people have phones in prison. But a lot of them are scared to use them the way we use them. It's complicated,' said a prisoner, who was granted anonymity to prevent retaliation from prison officials. 'Being able to stay in contact with our families is helpful as far as rehabilitation goes.'
'Cell phones are part of the day to day life that we live in today. To say that you're preparing someone to re-enter society and to rehabilitate them [and then] say that they can't have access to a cell phone is contradictory,' the prisoner argued. 'This serves as a supplement to rehabilitation but also it allows us to be connected to society, to the actual world that we're going to be entering back into when we go back out there.'
'They don't let the media inside of any prisons in any state. If they do allow the media to come in, it's a dog and pony show. They walk them where they wanna walk them. They don't let them talk to nobody they don't really want them to talk to. So there's no realistic perspective of what prisons are really all about.'
'With these cell phones, it allows us to put the reality out there, and they're afraid of that. And they should be, because of what's going on in the prisons.'
Another incarcerated person, who operates the @prisonslavery1 Twitter account, told Shadowproof, 'The prison system slave drivers want to muffle our voice, dehumanize us through silence.'
'With them allowed to control the narrative and the prisoners silenced under brutal repression tactics, it's a win-win for the enslavers. These phones level the playing fields. These (weapons) will go down in history as an essential tool used by 21st century slaves,' they said. 'These weapons will cause their collapse. As we continue to expose them and push for human rights'
Going back to the prisoner, who spoke about cell phones as a connection to society, the phones may be especially useful to incarcerated parents eager to play a role in their children's lives.
'Children live in households that they're not in control of. They can't just call collect to reach someone else's house. They may be able to get a phone and let's say their child acts out and they're going through something. Well, that child can call their parent, their daddy or their momma on the cell phone and say, 'Dad I'm in a bad situation. What do I do?''
'But the wall phone, [the child] can't call the wall phone. That's a problem that [the parent] can't offer advice, that he can't help.'
The prisoner pointed out that many of these phones are smuggled in by the officers and sold at a high price to the incarcerated. But he argued the primary motivation for prison officials to clampdown on contraband phones is that it deprives them of a revenue stream.
'They'll say, 'Well, if you got the money to pay for the cell phone, you should be able to pay for the [wall] phone bill. But the cell phone allows us unlimited calls. The wall phone you have to pay every time you use the phone.'
'So if I pay $60 a month and I get unlimited calls, well that may be five or ten phone calls on a wall phone. And after that it's over with. It's not an unlimited amount of time on the phone call.'
'You get 15 minutes—that's a $6 phone call,' they added. 'You got to hang up and call back. Fifteen more minutes, six more dollars, so you can run through your 10 phone calls in just a few hours and that's it. You can't talk to anyone else for the rest of the month 'cause they don't have money.'
'So [cell phones] just make it easier, it makes everyone more accessible. They can check on their cases, if they cant find information they can call a lawyer or they can seek legal help. You can't do that on a wall phone, you really can't help yourself on a wall phone.'
'If they allowed us to have cell phones and they told us they were gonna monitor our calls, no one would care,' the prisoner argued. 'The issue is not that they're monitoring our phone calls, we're not on the phone trying to get in touch with ISIS or no shit like that. We're trying to call our brothers and see how their day was at school.'
The prisoner mocked the argument by prison officials that the phone are how they get drugs in the prison. He noted drugs have been in prisons since their inception.
'They had drugs and shit, since the first time the prison doors open. So the cell phones do not facilitate anything. If the individual wants to commit crime, they're gonna do it regardless. So the cell phone is not a part of that.'
The post For Incarcerated, Contraband Cell Phones Are Lifeline To Outside appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Following the publication of emails from the Democratic National Committee by WikiLeaks, chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz was pushed to resign around the same time as the political party's national convention. She privately attacked the Bernie Sanders campaign and was fiercely loyal to Hillary Clinton. However, a document recently published by WikiLeaks clearly indicates the Clinton campaign had little confidence in Wasserman Schultz's leadership.
The document titled, 'DNC Leadership,' is a memo attached to an email released as part of the 'Podesta Emails.' It was circulated in December 2015, before the primary officially kicked off with the Iowa Caucuses, and it contains the campaign's plan to appoint a chief of staff at the DNC, who could work with them during the primary instead of the DNC chairwoman.
'Though we have reached a working arrangement with them, our dealings with party leadership have been marked by challenges, often requiring multiple meetings and phone calls to resolve relatively simple matters,' the memo declares. 'We are frequently caught in the middle of poor communication and a difficult relationship between the chairwoman and the executive director.'
'Moreover, leadership at the committee has been slow to respond to structural challenges within their own operation that could have real impact on our campaign, such as research.'
'Jen O'Malley Dillon has entered into a contract with the DNC as a consultant for the general election, which addresses some of these challenges and provides a connection for us within the party,' according to the memo. 'However, this arrangement does not change the need for systemic shifts at the DNC leadership level—to ensure that we have strategic and operational partners within the committee that can help drive a program and deliver on our general election imperatives.'
The memo further reveals there were an array of 'special projects' the campaign agreed to work on with the DNC before Clinton secured the nomination. They included 'GOP opposition research, communications, and discrete data and analytics projects.' And from March through July, the campaign planned to bring on a chief of staff to 'drive the day-to-day work' with the party until the convention.
NBC News reported in February that the campaign hired Dillon, a former Obama deputy campaign manager. The report suggested it was to 'retool messaging and strategy,' and it was perceived as a response to Sanders's big victory in New Hampshire. None of the reports mentioned Dillon's role at the DNC or that hiring Dillon was planned back in December.
The memo shows the campaign favored keeping Amy Dacey on as CEO .
There were three plans of action for the DNC after the convention, none of which were executed because Wasserman Schultz resigned.
One of them involved neutering Wasserman Schultz so her role was 'largely ceremonial.' She would help with fundraising and serve as a surrogate. They planned to tell her the campaign would rely on Dillon to run the DNC.
Another scenario involved replacing Wasserman Schultz with former Michigan governor Jennifer Granholm, an ardent supporter of Clinton.
Throughout the primary, Wasserman Schultz constantly insisted she was neutral in her role as DNC chair.
'If I wanted to favor a candidate, I would not be DNC chair and I would support that candidate,' Wasserman Schultz said back in January. 'It's a pretty convoluted way to help a candidate when I have to actually function neutrally as the DNC chair.'
However, Democratic Representative Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii resigned from her post as vice-chair of the DNC to endorse Sanders partly because she witnessed corruption in the DNC. The party inappropriately limited the number of debates. Wasserman Schultz even disinvited her from a debate in Las Vegas.
Sanders repeatedly criticized Wasserman Schultz and the DNC. The campaign's lawyer, Brad Deutsch, condemned a fundraising arrangement between the Clinton campaign and the DNC.
'The Hillary Victory Fund has reported receiving several individual contributions in amounts as high as $354,400 or more, which is over 130 times the $2,700 limit that applies for contributions to Secretary Clinton's campaign,' Deutsch wrote in a letter to Wasserman Schultz. 'Bernie 2016 is particularly concerned that these extremely large-dollar individual contributions have been used by the Hillary Victory Fund to pay for more than $7.8 million in direct mail efforts and over $8.6 million in online advertising, both of which appear to benefit only HFA by generating low-dollar contributions that flow only to HFA, rather than to the DNC or any of the participating state party committees.'
DNC emails published by WikiLeaks revealed the party committee sought to cover up the fact that states were only permitted to keep a small portion of the funds raised. This allowed the campaign to skirt campaign finance laws and essentially operate a money laundering scheme to keep her campaign coffers burgeoning as Sanders consistently raised more funds than her with small dollar donations.
As POLITICO reported, Marc Elias, an attorney who advises the DNC and the Clinton campaign, wrote in an email to DNC officials, 'The DNC should push back DIRECTLY at Sanders and say that what he is saying is false and harmful to the Democratic party.'
Dacey responded 'I do think there is too much of this narrative out there — I also worry since they are emailing to their list (which has overlap with ours!)'
At virtually no juncture did the Clinton campaign have to address their plans to coordinate with the DNC, which explicitly undermined the impartiality of the committee.
So long as the efforts to work with leadership of the DNC to defeat Sanders and the GOP nominee remained secret, it made no sense to say anything. It was much easier to let Wasserman Schultz field all the blowback from their unethical cooperation and replace her when she was no longer needed.
The post Podesta Emails: Memo Reveals Clinton Campaign's Plan To Coordinate With DNC appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Robby Mook, the manager for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, urged staff to attack National Nurses United (NNU) as 'fringe' and suggested they were 'not a 'real' union,' according to emails published by WikiLeaks.
NNU gave Bernie Sanders one of his biggest union endorsements. The nurses union also invested a lot of time and resources into get out the vote efforts and hosted a major People's Summit in June that brought all the forces, which were supportive of the Sanders campaign, together in Chicago to explore how to carry on a people's agenda after the election.
RoseAnn DeMoro, executive director of NNU, responded, 'The Clinton team's attack on nurses as 'fringe' and not a 'real union' is deplorable, but hardly a shock. It's a window in how they seek to vilify any critics, as evidenced in other emails showing Clinton's mocking disdain for environmental activists.'
DeMoro continued, 'Apparently, a 'real union' is only one that falls lock step within the Democratic Party establishment and 'fringe' when it fails to embrace partnerships with Wall Street and other corporate interests.'
'Sadly, it's also a preview of what we can expect in the next four years and a reminder that—from day one of the Clinton administration—NNU and our allies will need to make our voices loudly heard to advocate for social, economic, and political justice for patients and all people.'
On August 9, 2015, the labor outreach director, Nikki Budzinski, indicated NNU would endorse Sanders. It was the first national labor endorsement the campaign failed to win.
Mook replied, 'On the nurses—can we be ready [with] background for the press team on how fringe they are? Also have they praised HRC before?'
'I would be wary of trying to attack them as fringe,' Budzinski advised. However, she said the press would 'love this story' and 'finding a creative way to shake it I think is worth the effort.'
Mook agreed and added, 'I'm just worried less experienced reporters won't understand that they're not a 'real' union.'
NNU is, in fact, a 'real' union. It is an AFL-CIO member union. It is also the largest union of registered nurses in the United States.
In July 2015, Mook favored lobbying NNU leadership to prevent them from endorsing Bernie. That pressure clearly failed.
The campaign pit the nurses of the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) against the nurses of NNU, trotting them out to deaden the impact of NNU's support for Sanders. Campaign chairman John Podesta even seemed to welcome AFT president Randi Weingarten's pledge to 'go after NNU and there [sic] high and mighty sanctimonious conduct.'
Individuals connected to the campaign continued to keep track of NNU and their efforts to support Sanders. Tina Flournoy of AFT notified the campaign when NNU sent out a press release condemning the Democratic National Committee for its attempt to rig the primary process by denying Sanders access to a master list of voters.
Clinton campaign staff likely considered NNU 'fringe' because the nurses union took a principled stand on the Affordable Care Act (ACA). They pushed for single-payer healthcare and still refuse to settle for anything less than Medicare for All.
At a Democratic Platform Committee meeting in June, DeMoro criticized the ACA, as well as the Clinton campaign's proposals for incremental market-based reform that would barely address human needs.
Clinton and DNC appointees to the Platform Committee blocked the Democratic Party from including language that would have suggested the party supports expanding Medicare to cover all Americans.
'The Affordable Care Act, while an improvement, is not good enough. It is structurally deficient [and] leaves healthcare as a system based on profit and ability to pay rather than patient need,' NNU declared in a statement after the platform committee voted down the single-payer language.
It still means tens of millions of American have no 'health coverage or 'insurance'' because they cannot afford 'high out of pocket costs.' Plus, the law has systemic problems which undermine quality of care, and it is easy for the health care industry to game the system, NNU added.
President Barack Obama's administration confirmed premiums under the ACA will go up about 25 percent. Many Americans will only have one insurance provider to choose from when buying insurance through exchanges.
The spike further undermines the arguments of progressive establishment figures, who insist the ACA must be defended at all costs, including against calls to establish a universal health care system that would truly put people before profits.
Finally, some of the worst attacks from Democrats and the Obama administration came in 2009 and 2010 against groups and organizations, which did not immediately fall in line and support the ACA. They lashed out those committed to single-payer healthcare or a much weaker reform, the public option.
The conduct of the Clinton campaign suggests this type of disdain for principled challenges from progressives will continue under a Clinton administration, and in fact, a Clinton administration may be more crude and vicious in their efforts to stamp out dissent.
The post 'Not A 'Real' Union': Emails Show Clinton Campaign Attacks On Nurses appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

When a prominent, progressive establishment think tank, the Center for American Progress, hosted Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on November 10, 2015, it was widely criticized among the left. However, in an email sent by Neera Tanden, the think tank's president, she defends the decision to welcome Netanyahu with open arms.
The email was published in the latest batch of 'Podesta Emails' from WikiLeaks. It offers a glimpse at how Tanden, an adviser to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and moderator of CAP's Netanyahu event, dealt with the controversy.
John Podesta, Clinton campaign chairman, sent her an email the day after the event. 'As a bloodied Jack Nicholson said in Hoffa, 'What has been gained and what has been lost?' How did the Bibi event score on that scale?'
In Tanden's reply, she clearly outlined the pros and cons of hosting Netanyahu.
'Things gained: We will never be called anti-Semitic again. No matter what anyone writes,' Tanden asserted. 'Mainstream press and people think we handled it just right – tough questions. I think for any dismissers, not that I think there were a lot, but we have definitely proven we're a think tank. And it may have sealed the deal with a new board member.'
Tanden continued, 'Things lost: Staff is riven. On both sides. We are holding a lot of meetings on that. Worse thing – someone leaked staff statement. That kind of thing really changes the culture.'
'How to keep that culture with that kind of leaking is going to be hard, but need to navigate. And far left hates me. We do have a broader issue of expectations in the organization. I had an intern tell me that she was upset we did not tell her ahead of time.'
What was lost and gained is expressed purely in institutional terms. Tanden writes nothing about what CAP may have done to give Netanyahu cover for the crimes the Israeli government commits against Palestinians through its occupation. She has no words for what this may mean for the people of Gaza, who endure poverty and face humanitarian disaster as a result of an economic blockade.
Overall, Tanden concludes, 'Nothing we have done has pitted being a think tank and being ideologically action oriented against each other more harshly. At the end of the day, we had to choose.'
'So answer is complicated. If I could have the whole thing not happen, would definitely have it not happen. But it happened to us.'
Inviting a world leader is not something that just happens , like a branch breaking a car's windshield when it falls out of a tree. Tanden and other leaders of CAP actively sought to host Netanyahu, and they were proud of the prestige it could garner for them.
When she introduced Netanyahu, Tanden said, 'Thank you for taking questions because the choices you make matter profoundly to Israel's future and the future of the region. And we believe that matters profoundly to America.' Notably, she said nothing about the future of Palestinians.
Journalist Rania Khalek pointed out that Tanden let Netanyahu lie repeatedly during the event about the construction of new settlements, settler violence, land theft, and ethnic cleansing.
Tanden and other Clinton appointees served on the Democratic Platform Committee, and during the process, they blocked language that would have acknowledged there is, in fact, an Israeli occupation. They also refused to remove language suggesting the boycott, divestment, and sanctions (BDS) movement 'delegitimizes' Israel.
A coalition of Clinton Democrats and other liberal Democrats blocked a resolution to support the rebuilding of Gaza during the full Democratic platform committee meeting in July.
Clinton has distinguished herself as a pro-Israel Democrat and will aggressively challenge the BDS movement as president. With the support of Democratic mega-donor Haim Saban, who has pledged to invest billions to fight BDS, Clinton celebrated college students on the 'front lines of the battle to oppose the alarming boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement known as BDS' during her speech at the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) conference.
Additionally, emails previously published by WikiLeaks already have shown that the letter Clinton wrote to Saban, where she pledged to fight BDS, was written to help the campaign attract more pro-Israel donors.
Returning to the CAP event for Netanyahu, in the week before the event, The Intercept published a story on leaked emails showing the lengths to which CAP was willing to go to 'placate AIPAC.' The think tank censored 'its own writers on the topic of Israel.'
Tanden may seem exasperated in the email. 'I need to clear my head on this and then would love to get your advice on a few things in the coming days,' she shared in the email. However, it is not as if there was any kind of an about-face or open display of regret in the aftermath. Tanden and CAP served the interests of AIPAC, also known as the Israel lobby, and if called upon to hold a similar event as a service to a Clinton White House, they will be loyal soldiers and help whitewash the policies of Israel again.
The post Email Reveals What Progressive Think Tank Gained By Hosting Netanyahu appeared first on Shadowproof .
ARTICLE

On Friday, FBI Director James Comey informed Congress that the FBI was reopening the Hillary Clinton email investigation due to the discovery of new emails. The emails were reportedly discovered by the FBI while investigating former Congressman Anthony Weiner for possibly illegal sexting with someone under 18.
The emails were contained on Weiner's laptop and are connected to Hillary Clinton via Weiner's wife, Huma Abedin. Abedin is one of Clinton's closest advisors and she apparently did not make the laptop available during the initial investigation which ended in July and exposed that Hillary Clinton had continually lied about her email practices. 
Due to the timing of Comey's update in relation to the election, the Clinton campaign has gone into full attack mode against the FBI director. But reports now show the Obama Administration's Department of Justice had been pressuring the FBI to go easy on Clinton for some time, even to the point of causing an internal revolt within the FBI.
Comey may have updated Congress to avoid his own staff leaking the information to the press ahead of him, as numerous agents have taken issue with the decision not to make a criminal referral in the email case and the Justice Department's attempts to weaken investigations into the Clinton Foundation.
So, is Obama's DOJ working for the Clinton campaign?
Well, a new email published by Wikileaks would appear to answer that question in the affirmative. On May 19, 2015, Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon emailed Hillary Clinton: 
DOJ folks inform me there is a status hearing in this case this morning, so we could have a window into the judge's thinking about this proposed production schedule as quickly as today.
Fallon, who previously worked at the Department of Justice, apparently is coordinating with 'DOJ folks' on the Clinton campaign. He is telling Hillary Clinton, in an email chain that includes Clinton lawyer Cheryl Mills and Abedin, about a court hearing related to Clinton's emails that he was informed of by allies that work at the Department of Justice.
It appears that political appointees like Attorney General Loretta Lynch and others at the Justice Department put pressure on the FBI to protect the Clinton campaign. The question is, how far did the coordination go?
The post Leaked Email Shows Department of Justice Coordinating With Clinton Campaign appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

An armed Dakota Access security contractor confronted indigenous water protectors fighting the construction of an oil pipeline in North Dakota. He had an assault rifle, which he pointed at the water protectors, and he wore a bandana over his face. He was arrested by the Bureau of Indian Affairs police and later released without charge.
In video aired by 'Democracy Now!', as host Amy Goodman described, the man carrying the rifle, who has been identified as Kyle Thompson, points a rifle 'at the protectors as he attempts to flee into the water.'
'A Standing Rock Sioux tribal member says he saw the man driving down Highway 1806 toward the main resistance camp with an AR-15 rifle on the passenger side of his truck,' Goodman reported. 'Protectors chased down his truck and then pursued him on foot in efforts to disarm him.'
'Protectors said inside the man's truck they found a DAPL security ID card and insurance papers listing his vehicle as insured by DAPL. That's the Dakota Access pipeline,' according to Goodman.
Dallas Goldtooth, an organizer with the Indigenous Environmental Network, witnessed the encounter between the armed contractor and water protectors. He said on 'Democracy Now!':
It was a very terrifying moment for a lot of us watching, I mean, to see this man pulling an assault rifle at our water protectors. And I think that—many blessings and gratitude to some of the military veterans within our security, from within our Oceti Sakowin camp, who stepped up to negotiate and to de-escalate this man, to really talk to him to make sure that he did not hurt anybody, until the Bureau of Indian Affairs police officers could show up.
Thompson appeared on the scene about the same time that hundreds of police with militarized equipment surrounded a newly formed camp called the 1851 Treaty Camp, which was setup by water protectors to reclaim 'unceded Dakota territory affirmed as part of the Standing Rock Reservation in the Ft. Laramie Treaty of 1851.'
Sacred Stone Camp, which has led indigenous resistance to the Dakota Access pipeline, reported that police cleared blockades, attacked water protectors with pepper spray and concussion grenades, and used shotguns to fire rubber bullets. A sound cannon was also deployed against water protectors as well, as the police brutally tore down the encampment.
Dakota Access denies Thompson was working for the company, however, Thompson posted on Facebook and claimed he was 'doing his job to photograph burning company equipment when he was confronted by demonstrators,' according to APTN National News .
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe apparently claims Thompson fired off shots while Thompson vehemently denies that any shots were ever fired. He maintains FBI agents, who took him into custody, could back up his story.
However, Thompson's story becomes incredibly suspicious, as he insists the water protectors 'had knives and were dead set on using those knives.' He says a water protector fired a flare.
The video of Thompson's confrontation in the water definitely does not show any knife-wielding water protectors trying to attack him.
What is troubling is the fact that he was not dressed in a manner that would clearly indicate he was a security contractor for DAPL. He looked like an infiltrator. One wonders what would have happened if he made it to the 1851 Treaty Camp and engaged in disruptive behavior that the police could then use to justify the brute force used against water protectors.
It is unknown what company Thompson worked for, but he was previously deployed in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Separately, another suspicious act against the indigenous water protectors occurred overnight on October 29, when a fire spread near the Oceti Sakowin camp.
'There was some mysterious incident of a vehicle that came out of nowhere, that was almost acting as a distraction, was spinning doughnuts in the middle of the road, and then it sped off to the south,' Goldtooth shared on 'Democracy Now!'. 'And immediately after that, flames were seen on top of the hill to the west. There's documented footage [of] what appears to be a drip line, which is from what I understand, is a technique used in firefighting. I mean, it was very, very clear that that brush fire that happened was an act of arson by unknown individuals.'
'Given the recent events with the Dakota Access worker, given the escalation of law enforcement, that, you know, a lot of fingers are pointing towards Dakota Access as being a culprit behind this late fire. And thank god that the wind was pushing away from the camp. The fire spread pretty large.'
The post Armed Dakota Access Contractor Accused Of Trying To Infiltrate Water Protectors appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

The colonialism of the United States rears its ugly head as Dakota Access pushes forward with its construction of an oil pipeline on indigenous land, forcing Native Americans to setup camps and engage in resistance to protect their very way of life from pollution. In defense of Dakota Access's land grab, the police deploy militarized equipment, including tank vehicles, to brutally disperse and round up water protectors. The people taking a stand are shipped to facilities throughout the North Dakota, and some even report numbers were written on their arm before they were put in dog kennels.
This is the backdrop for which Americans can appreciate Inuit throat singer Tanya Tagaq, who was born in Iqaluktuutiaq in Nunavut, Canada. She is a strong indigenous voice, who stands with the indigenous people of Canada in their struggles, including against extraction companies. And her new album, 'Retribution,' confronts the pillaging and plundering of the Earth quite boldly.
As Tagaq told the Canadian magazine, 'Exclaim!', 'There's a general feeling of hurting the Earth and destroying the landscape and destroying ourselves, and that evil, non-consensual land grab, the take, the take. The rape of the land. The rape of residential schools, the non-consensual taking and where that originates from. It's all united.'
The 7-minute track, 'Retribution,' is a warning to humanity that there are consequences for our non-consensual relationship with the Earth. She says in the intro, 'Our mother grows angry. Retribution will be swift.' 
'We squander her soil and suck out her sweet black blood to burn it,' Tagaq adds. 'We turn money into God and salivate over opportunities to crumple and crinkle our souls for that paper, that gold.' 
She surmises. Humanity invests its time into 'hollowing philosophies' in order to 'placate the fear of our bodies returning back into our mother.' We collectively fear our own mortality. 
'The path we have taken has rotted,' Tagaq further warns. 'Ignite, stand upright, conduct yourself like lightning because the retribution will be swift.' 
Tagaq's introduction gives way to a cacophonous symphony paired with the wordless exhortations that define her music. Her screams for Mother Earth carry a foreboding element, like there is nothing humans can do if we refuse to address our rotten relationship with the planet. What goes around comes around, and we should prepare for the natural disasters, for the drought, for the famine, and for whatever other hardships may lie ahead as Mother Earth responds to our abusive treatment of her.
Through 'Retribution,' Tagaq expands the concept of rape culture to include the exploitation of the environment along with the rape and abuse of women. It is all connected because it implicates a patriarchal society incapable of respecting life. 
'For many years, my whole shtick was trying to spread awareness for indigenous rights and human rights, but when I was younger, people would just roll their eyes,' Tagaq told 'Exclaim!'. 'So I [started] doing this wordless performance, to have people understand what it felt like to be an indigenous woman. And it worked! People were leaving thinking, 'Why am I feeling this? What's resonating within me?''
Indeed, the essence of her throat singing is a swirl of torment and desire to keep one's soul clean in the face of a world that renders so much that is pure and good dirty. It represents the imbalance in our give and take. We cannot continue to take without giving because at a certain point, Mother Earth will have nothing left to give. 
In an article from CBC, she is quoted, 'Enough of hurting the planet. Enough of the judicial system that has allowed this and enough of the government taking, taking, taking and not giving out the education it owes to Canadian citizens. Canadian citizens deserve to be taught our history and why things are the way they are.'
One one hand, Tagaq's powerful music is brilliant because it pushes the boundaries of artistic expression. On the other hand, integral to its power is ugly truths that are not only relevant to Canada or the United States but to much of the world that is not far removed from perpetual climate calamity. 
Listen to 'Retribution': 

The post Protest Song Of The Week: 'Retribution' by Tanya Tagaq appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Next Cold War Roundup 11/1/16: Iraqi forces entered the city of Mosul and are advancing rapidly. Russia continues a halt on airstrikes in Aleppo as rebels led by al Qaeda launched an offensive in Aleppo. Turkey masses forces on borders. Experts warn of open-ended conflict with Russia. US politicians continue to accuse Russia of meddling with elections as damning material is exposed. And more from our latest roundup…
Russian Carrier Group in the Mediterranean _ The Russian carrier group is in the Mediterranean. Russian defense minister Shoigu said the fact that NATO countries denied them call at their ports along the way did not affect them as they were replenished by supply ship s.
_ Ruptly published video on Tuesday of the carrier group in the western Med doing helicopter and fighter jet takeoffs and landings.
Mosul _ Iraqi forces moved on Mosul as the battle has entered a new phase of urban warfare. Iraqi forces fought ISIS on the eastern side of Mosul and 'artillery and air strikes pounded the city, still home to 1.5 million people.' Civilians from eastern Mosul , and residents of the eastern neighborhood of al-Quds said the 'ultra-hardline Sunni militants had resorted to street fighting to try to hold the army back,' according to Reuters .
_ Iraqi special forces Gen. Shaghati held a press conference, saying: ' This is a good sign for the people of Mosul because the battle to liberate Mosul has effectively begun .' His troops captured a state TV building in Mosul. But reportedly there were also complications . Some of Shaghati's men raised a Shi'ite flag. A brawl broke out between 'Kurdish peshmerga fighters and mainly Arab Iraqi commandos' at a checkpoint on the Mosul-Erbil road, where they threatened to shoot each other. Christians waiting at the checkpoint for hours, scattered.
_ Mosul Eye reported that residents are in their homes, the Iraqi forces are advancing rapidly, and ISIS is disappearing from the Al-Karama section. War correspondent Elijah Magnier said Iraqi forces liberated Hay al-Samah and are advancing toward Hay al-Zohur.
_ Refugees are leaving Mosul in small boats, crossing the Tigris river ( video ) from the al-Shora area to 'reach territory held by government forces' 6 miles away. Ruptly also published graphic (*caution*) video of ISIS fighters 'littering the recently liberated village of al-Shora.'
_ Meanwhile, Turkey is reportedly massing tanks and troops near its border with Iraq, in the town of Silopi , as they expect the Kurdish PKK to take Sinjar. This makes 2 reports of Turkish forces massing on a border (see below reports of Turkish troops in Gazientep on the Syrian border).
_ Patrick Cockburn recalls , first hand, what happened in Mosul during the 2003 US invasion and the fall of Saddam Hussein. The Kurdish Peshmerga and others (but mainly the Kurds) took advantage of the power vacuum and looted the city while US soldiers manned checkpoints. They also took Kirkuk and other Arab territory, expanding the Kurdish territory by 40% after promising that they wouldn't.
'As we drove into the city, we passed lines of pick-up trucks piled high with loot returning to the Kurdish-controlled enclave in northern Iraq.'
_ Cockburn gives a masterful summary of the different factions involved in the current anti-ISIS coalition advancing on Mosul and urges the Iraqi government to take and maintain control of Mosul so that it doesn't get ripped apart and looted like before.
'The different segments of the anti-Isis forces potentially involved in seizing Mosul – the Iraqi army, Kurds, Shia and Sunni paramilitaries, Turks – may be temporary allies, but they are also rivals. They all have their own very different and conflicting agendas.'
Raqqa Campaign Will Coincide With Mosul Campaign and Will Happen 'Soon' _ In a press briefing on Oct. 26 ( video , transcript ) Lt. Gen. Townsend, Operation Inherent Resolve commander, said that the campaign to take Raqqa in Syria will be done simultaneously with the Mosul campaign. They are working on the plans for the 'isolation and eventual liberation of Raqqah.' It will be done in stages — first isolation and then 'seizure and liberation.'
_ The Raqqah operation will be done with 'a lot lighter coalition footprint' and with 'our local partners in northern Syria.' Townsend said there are sufficient local forces but they plan to 'recruit and equip and train more local forces for that operation.' The current Syrian Democratic Forces are 30,000 in number, mostly Kurdish. Townsend plans to recruit more local forces from the Raqqah area, similar to the way it was done in Manbij. The training will be done in northern Syria.
_ When asked if the Kurdish YPG element of the Syrian Democratic Forces will participate in the Raqqah campaign, given that Turkey has demanded no involvement of Kurds in Raqqah, Townsend said that is a 'tough one.' Townsend said 'it's very important to get isolation in place around Raqqah to start controlling that environment on a pretty short timeline' and 'we're gonna take the force that we have.'
_ As for Turkey, Townsend said: 'The Turks have expressed an interest to be involved in that. And we'll — we'll work through that later […] And I think that we'll go with the forces that can go on the timeline that we need.' He stressed that they want to move on Raqqah 'soon.'
_ Lt. Gen. Townsend said they'll take 'any partner that's willing to join the coalition.' Would that include ex-ISIS fighters? 'We're gonna go with who can go, who's willing to go soon. And then we'll — once we get initial isolation in position, we'll — we'll look at how we prosecute the operation further.'
_ When asked about the urgency of the Raqqah campaign, Townsend said that ISIS is 'up to something' and there is 'and external plot' 'emanating from Raqqah.'
_ A Military Times journalist asked if more US troops would be deployed to Syria, and Townsend would not answer directly but inferred that there would.
The Race for Raqqah _ Townsend, several times, avoided questions about Russia and Syria with respect to the Raqqah campaign, during the Oct. 26 briefing ( video , transcript ), until the end of the briefing when Paul Sonne asked directly about Syria and Russia's response to Turkey participating in the Raqqa campaign and moving even further into Syria. Townsend's answer was cryptic and hard to summarize, but important to read in full, as he signaled the official justification for US moving on Raqqah and acknowledged that the Syrian government would oppose it:
Townsend : 'I just know that right now Syria seems to have their hands full. And so it's necessary for our coalition to move about inside Syria to defeat Daesh-ISIL because it poses a threat to Syria, Iraq, the region, and our own nations.'
'So like I said, we'll welcome any contributing nation that wants to make themselves part of the coalition to go fight Daesh in Syria. But that — join the coalition has to come with not — can't just come with a whole bunch of strings. They got to be willing to go do what the coalition needs done. We try to employ coalition contributions whether they be troops or capabilities, we try to always, we employ them within the bounds of the wishes of their government. '
'Once we set out what that arrangement is, then the coalition employs those capabilities. So we'll use whoever wants to go do that, fight Daesh in Raqqa, that's a tough place, probably won't be a very long list. And I would imagine Syria probably isn't thrilled with any of us there doing that. But it's necessary to do.'
_ So the official justification for taking Raqqah, is that the Syrian army has its hands full and somebody has to take down ISIS in their capital.
_ Townsend says, multiple times, that any country, any force can join their coalition to isolate and liberate Raqqah. And each time he says it during the briefing, he does not exclude the Syrian coalition forces. When asked about Syria and Russia's expected reaction to the Raqqah campaign, he brings it up again, that anyone can join the coalition, either with forces or 'capabilities.' But they must accept that the US will be leading this coalition, even though they have no legal authority to fight or bomb inside Syria and the Syrian government repeatedly reminds the world of that.
_ Townsend then acknowledges that the Syrian government probably won't be 'thrilled' about the US coalition taking Raqqah or 'with any of us' meaning Turkey. But he largely blows it off. which is interesting, and completely avoids addressing Russia specifically, again, though several journalists were anxious for him to address it. Very dicey, vague and unlike other parts of his briefing, this part sounded disingenuous.
_ Turkey is urging that the battle for Raqqa wait until after the Mosul operation is over. Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus : 'It would be better both militarily and strategically to conduct this operation after the Mosul operation and Turkey's Euphrates Shield operation are completed.'
Aleppo _ Southfront reports that the Jaish al-Fatah rebel group, led by al Nusra, 'has not been able to deliver a devastating blow to the Syrian government forces and to break the siege of eastern Aleppo.'
_ The rebels had launched a recent offensive with 'over 2,000 so-called moderate opposition members carried out attacks on residential areas, schools and hospitals with the support of 22 tanks, 15 IFVs, multiple launch rocket systems and eight vehicles with suicide bombers.' They killed 80 civilians and injured 300 from Oct. 29 to Oct. 31 alone, and launched shells with chlorine gas on the Al-Hamdaniya neighborhood in West Aleppo.
_ Russia has not used warplanes in Aleppo for 16 days now. Rebel groups in East Aleppo continue to attack West Aleppo. Russian defense minister Shoigu said that 'militants shoot dozens of civilians every day for trying to approach the humanitarian corridors.' The Russian military asked for permission to do airstrikes on Oct. 28 but Russian president Putin refused , continuing to extend the halt on airstrikes as part of a 'humanitarian pause.' The Kremlin spokesman said the 'humanitarian pause' will be impossible to continue if the opposition groups 'resume offensive operations ' (which they have done). The Kremlin spokesman also indicated that 'measures are being taken to ensure the evacuation of civilians and injured from eastern Aleppo.'
_ Ruptly published video today of the Syrian army firing 'rocket salvos and heavy automatic weapons as they attempted to wrest control of the contested southwestern area.'
_ As the Russians wait for the UN and US to convince the 'moderate opposition' to separate from designated terrorist groups, and the UN envoy Steffan de Mistura, in Geneva, 'called on the fighters to leave the city to help enable aid to reach' East Aleppo's civilians, the top negotiator, Khaled Khoja, in the Saudi-backed opposition umbrella group, the High Negotiations Committee (HNC), also in Geneva, said it's impossible for the rebels in East Aleppo to separate from al Nusra (al Qaeda) , and blamed it on the international community. He also denied shelling civilians in West Aleppo, which has been confirmed by numerous officials and media, as have reports of East Aleppo rebels refusing to allow civilians to leave.
_ As Russia keeps extending their halt on airstrikes, continue to keep humanitarian corridors that opposition rebels refuse to allow civilians to use to escape, and rebels launch offensives and refuse to separate from al Qaeda, the foggy, propaganda-mired situation in Aleppo becomes more clear to everyone. The US continues to refuse to provide intelligence on the location of al Qaeda or to convince the rebels they are backing to separate from them.
_ Khoja is hoping that the election next week will bring Hillary Clinton as a savior for the opposition groups and al Qaeda in East Aleppo:
HNC negotiator Khoja : 'We heard (Democratic presidential candidate Hillary) Clinton talking about civilian protection, no-fly-zones, which is something we welcome and that we demand.'
Flow of ISIS fighters Between Iraq and Syria _ In the Oct. 26 briefing ( video , transcript ), Lt. Gen. Townsend said they don't have a complete encirclement of Mosul and it's not necessary, and there is movement out of Mosul but 'when we can identify ISIL fighters, we strike them.' He said ISIS has gotten 'savvy since Fallujah' and they mix fighters with families in their convoys so it's hard to strike them.
Reshaping Syria? _ Turkish government officials are leaking some pretty explosive claims to Turkish pro-government media. Pro-Erdogan Turkish media, Yeni Safak, is reporting that Russia and Turkey made a deal to cede an extensive amount of territory in northern Syria to the control of 'local elements and local assemblies after being liberated from the terror groups.' Syrian president Assad's government' will consolidate its power in Latakia and Tartus.' The Turkish military is reportedly massing on the border in Gaziantep and will advance south to Aleppo, while Assad's forces will vacate the city. Al Nusra and Ahrar al-Sham will be required to leave.
_ Yeni Safak reports that 'a new map will be drawn including the Aleppo, Idlib, Latakia, Raqqa, Al-Hasakah and Dery ez-Zor provinces of the country.' Syrian Kurds, allied with the US-led coaliiton, plan to create an 'autonomous region' to include 'al-Hasakah, Tal Abyad, Ayn al Arab, Jarabulus, Al Rai, Azez, Marea and Afrin.' Turkey and Russia will not accept that plan and the Turkish government sources claimed that Russia and Turkey would fight together under Operation Euphrates Shield.
– On Tuesday,. Yeni Safak reported that the Turkish military chief of staff, Gen. Hulusi Akar, traveled to Moscow to meet with his counterpart, Gen. Valery Gerasimov, a deputy defense minister and head of the Russian military, to discuss'military cooperation and regional issues'.
Open-Ended Conflict With Russia _ Spencer Ackerman at the Guardian spoke to people in the US 'national security circles,' including 'retired senior US military pilots' and the director of national intelligence, who are ' increasingly alarmed that Hillary Clinton's proposal for 'no-fly zones' in Syria could lead to a military confrontation with Russia that could escalate to levels that were previously unthinkable in the post-cold war world.' Clinton's opponent, Trump. has recently said that her 'safe zones' plan could lead to World War III . Many considered the risk of aerial confrontation with Russian planes to be 'severe.' DNI Clapper said he wouldn't put it past the Russians to shoot down American aircraft. Others worry that she'll commit the air force to an indefinite air occupation.
_ A retired Navy pilot who has flown no-fly zone missions went on the record saying no-fly zones are 'the cocktail party military application of power of choice' and 'it's going to be a disaster. I hope it's political posturing.' He also said: 'I see almost nothing positive that can come from implementing [a no-fly zone] at the current time over Syria. Conversely, the potential to make a bad situation worse is very, very high.'
_ Guardian war correspondent Jonathan Steele calls Hillary Clinton's no-fly zone plan for Syria 'madness' that would not deescalate the war and 'threatens to engulf us all.' He then provides a Syrian war rarity — some US/UK media truth-telling about the so called rebels:
Steele : 'Syria is also mired in a propaganda war, and in the heart-rending images that the rebels put out on social media about life and death in Aleppo, the seamier side of the armed groups' control is suppressed.'
_ Paul Mulshine from the NJ Star Ledger notes that top generals on both sides believe that a no-fly zone in Syria would lead to war with Russia.
_ Mnar Muhawesh of Mint Press News interviewed FBI whistleblower Coleen Rowley on the risks of Hillary Clinton starting a world war.
Plan B for Syria: Anti-aircraft and Anti-Artillery Weapons to CIA-Backed FSA _ On Sunday, the Washington Post reported that Pres. Obama had neither agreed nor disagreed with a Plan B for Syria, to rush ship heavy weapons to 'tens of thousands of' CIA-backed 'rebels' in Syria, the Free Syrian Army (FSA), which could be used against Russian aircraft and artillery. Plan B is supported by CIA director John Brennan and Sec. Defense Ash Carter. Some White House officials are skeptical about the CIA's assessments. Overall, the CIA has backed '50,000 or more' fighters in a 'constellation' of groups in Syria. The article had some interesting quotes:
Anonymous US official : [CIA-backed fighters are] 'not doing any better on the battlefield, they're up against a more formidable adversary, and they're increasingly dominated by extremists […] What has this program become, and how will history record this effort?'
2nd Anonymous US official : 'The FSA remains the only vehicle to pursue those goals […] You can't defeat ISIL without removing Assad […] As long as there is a failed state in Syria, ISIL will have a homeland.'
Former senior administration official (involved in 2012 White House discussions of CIA program): 'It's a fine mess we've gotten ourselves into[…] 'There's a huge risk here since the Russians entered. . . . The lesson out of this is that if you don't take action early on, you should almost expect the options to get worse and worse and worse.'
2nd administration official involved in Syria discussions : 'The Russians have seized the initiative […] You can't pretend you can go to war against Assad and not go to war against Russia.'
Senior Turkish official : 'They [US] promised to give more support [… But it now seems like nothing is going to happen. This coalition hasn't delivered. It's obsolete now. So we're going to look at our options. If Aleppo falls, Assad wins.'
Russian Ministries Accuse US Anti-ISIS Coalition of War Crimes _ An airstrike on a mourning procession at a Shia shrine in the town of Daquq (near Kirkuk) on Oct. 21 resulted in civilian casualties leaving 17 people (15 women) dead and 50 injured, mainly women and children. Iran and Russia claimed that it was a US coalition airstrike. An official from the Kirkuk provisional council claimed it was an Iraqi plane , misinformed about ISIS positions. Iraq is investigating .
_ The Pentagon denied involvement in any airstrikes in Daquq that resulted in civilian casualties. Jason Ditz at antiwar.com notes that the 'denial's very specific caveats, that they didn't deny attacking Daquq, or indeed the mosque, doesn't help with credibility.' The US track record on admitting to civilian casualties during anti-ISIS missions hasn't been very good . Locals identified the attacker as a warplane but could not tell whose plane it was.
_ Iran's foreign ministry spokesman, Bahram Ghasemi, said :
Ghasemi : 'Attacking innocent and mourning people cannot be justified by any excuse. The suffering people of Iraq should not be under terrorist attacks on the one hand, and on the other, bombardment by foreign military forces that prance around in Iraq under the pretext of fighting terrorism.'
_ The Russian Ministry of Defense said the US-led coalition was responsible for the strikes and inferred that they commit war crimes almost daily:
Russian MoD : 'Russian reconnaissance pinpointed two jets conducting airstrikes on Daquq, located 30 kilometers to the south of Kirkuk, where, according to our data, there are no ISIS fighters. […] 'These deadly attacks on civilian areas, which have all the marks of war crimes, are becoming almost a daily routine for the international coalition.'
Amnesty International: US Coalition Severely Underestimates Civilian Casualties in Syria _ Lynn Maalouf, deputy director for research at Amnesty International's Beirut regional office said :
Maalouf : 'It's high time the U.S. authorities came clean about the full extent of the civilian damage caused by coalition attacks in Syria […] 'We fear the U.S.-led coalition is significantly underestimating the harm caused to civilians in its operations in Syria […] 'Analysis of available evidence suggests that in each of these cases, coalition forces failed to take adequate precautions to minimize harm to civilians and damage to civilian objects […] Some of these attacks may constitute disproportionate or otherwise indiscriminate attacks.' [Emphasis added]
_ Based on Amnesty's analysis of 11 US coalition attacks, the evidence suggests 'as many as 300 civilians were killed.' The Pentagon has only acknowledged 1 death in these attacks. Research by other monitoring organizations indicates that the total number of civilians killed in US coalition airstrikes has been as high as 600 or more than 1000 . The strikes hit villages, homes, public markets, and shelters. In one case, a double-tap strike was reported in the village of Ayn al-Khan, Hasakah, where a helicopter gunship returned and killed first responders, even though the Kurdish fighters claimed to have warned the coalition of civilians in the area. [Emphasis added]
Survivor : '‘At this point I had a two-month-old baby boy in my arms whom I had rescued. The hit caused me to fall and drop him… I fell into the hole made by the air strike. That was what saved me… My mother, aunt, wife and children – a daughter who was four years old and a son who was two and a half were all killed. The woman and her son who I'd rescued were killed. Everyone but me was killed,' he said.'
UN and Rights Groups Condemn Russia and Syria for Airstrikes on Idlib School _ UNICEF and monitoring groups accused Russia or Syria of airstrikes on a school compound in the rebel-held village of Haas in Idlib province. 35 people were killed, including 22 children. A graphic photo of a child with a partially severed arm was circulated on social media. UNICEF's director called it an outrage and a war crime, if deliberate. The UN humanitarian chief said he was 'incandescent with rage' and held the UN Security Council for not stopping the suffering.
_ At the UN Security Council meeting, the Russian ambassador Churkin was attacked by several parties including US ambassador to the UN Samantha Power. Churkin said Russia and Syria had halted airstrikes for the past week and there had been no recognition . US Power, after accusing Russia of not cooperating with the UN and mocking the humanitarian pause, said: Power : 'You don't get congratulations and credit for not committing war crimes for a day or a week.' She walked out again when the Syrian ambassador spoke.
Russia Lost Seat on UN Human Rights Council _ Russia was stripped of its seat on the UN Human Rights Council during a UN general assembly secret vote for re-election for membership. The US and UK won seats on the council. Rights groups had lobbied for this outcome. Hungary and Croatia gained seats in their region. Saudi Arabia kept their seat on the Human Rights Council.
Operation Euphrates Shield: Syria Threatens to Down Turkish Planes _ As Turkish-backed forces (CIA and Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army (FSA) and the Turkish military) invaded Syria in Jarablus late August, in an offensive called Operation Euphrates Shield, under the pretense of clearing ISIS from the Syrian-Turkish border areas but with the real aim of preventing Kurdish forces from securing a contiguous area in northern Syria. As they advanced westward to northern Aleppo, in the vicinity of al-Bab, they began fighting with Kurdish forces and on Oct. 20 hit the majority Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) with airstrikes. Hurriyet reported , via an anonymous official, that the Syrian government then activated their air defense and threatened to shoot down any Turkish planes in Syrian airspace.
_ RT reported on Oct. 29 that the Turkish air force has not been used in Operation Euphrates shield for the past week and that 'coalition forces have also decreased the number of flights in northern Syria.' The lack of air support has slowed their advance toward al-Bab.
_ Until the past few days, the Turkish forces have fought with ISIS and the Kurds in northern Syria, but not Syrian coalition forces. But Turkey claims that the Syrian forces attacked them this week near Marea. On Wednesday the Turkish foreign minister said Operation Euphrates Shield would not be deterred by the government forces ' until retaking the city of al-Bab .'
East Aleppo 'Rebels' Firing Chemical Weapons Rockets at Civilian Areas in West Aleppo _ On Sunday, Syrian media reported 'shells containing poison gases' fired at residential areas in West Aleppo from opposition fighters in East Aleppo. An RT crew on the ground reported '36 cases of suffocation' and Al-Mayadeen media reported that all victims were civilians. The Russian ambassador to the UN reported via the Russian foreign ministry that 16,000 people were killed by US-backed opposition groups between February and September.
_ The head of Aleppo University Hospital said 36 people (both fighters and civilians) were injured by the chlorine gas fired into West Aleppo by the opposition in East Aleppo, who have launched a recent offensive on the government-held areas after more than a week of Russia and Syria halting airstrikes. The London-based and pro-rebel Syrian Observatory for Human Rights confirmed that chemical weapon attacks happened.
Air Base in Hasakah _ The air base that US military engineers renovated months ago for use by US special forces and Kurdish forces:
For the first time, mystical Abu Hajar Airport near the town of Rmelan in the al-Hasakah Governorate #Syria #USAF pic.twitter.com/vlj78ew5if 
— Aldin Abazović (@Ald_Aba) October 30, 2016 

Ukraine _ Fighting has broken out in 'the northern suburbs of Donetsk, the airport district, the Yasinovataya checkpoint, and Spartak village' in Ukraine, where there had been a ceasefire, according to Fort Russ .
_ The Ukraine military has reportedly been massing on the frontlines of Lugansk . There is also a report of a team of NATO troops from 'Canada, Denmark, and the Netherlands' meeting with the Ukraine miltiary in the Donbass to 'study the real situation on the demarcation line in Donbass' and to test weapons.
War and Elections _ Retired Col. Lawrence Wilkerson and Gordon Adams on the National Interest: ' No, Hillary Clinton's Foreign Policy Judgement Isn't As Good As Everyone Says .' Wilkerson also discussed the article on The Real News this week. Wilkerson, who served under the George W. Bush administration, says he's very concerned because of her past history and the fact that a lot of the people who are advising her look like the people who were advising Pres. George W. Bush. Trump has been all over the place, Wilkerson said, but he has also indicated that he wouldn't get us into the wars 'on the edge of empire' that cost us so much and don't produce good result. Wilkerson said from what he has heard, the military and the Joint Chiefs are reluctant to intervene in Syria against Assad. The policy to take down Assad is a mistake.

_ Ray McGovern, on the Real News , said nothing happened at the latest meeting on the Minsk Accords. Germany, France and Russia want the violence in Ukraine to stop, but Poroshenko is 'not his own man,' according to McGovern. He's a puppet of the US. Hillary Clinton 'and the people she's bringing in with her, they've openly favored giving arms, offense arms to Ukraine.' The Europeans 'to their credit are worried about that.' McGovern recently visited the region on a mission with 20 people. He said Ukraine is in a shambles and the people are malnourished. His unofficial delegation visited Crimea, and other areas in Russia, and they were welcomed by 'everyday Russians,' like minded people who want peace and are worried about the demonization of their president and country.
_ ' Clinton's Allies Promise a Tougher Line on Iran .' And ' Clinton Adviser Proposes Attacking Iran to Aid the Saudis in Yemen .'
_ ' The Geniuses Who Brought You the Iraq War Are at It Again ' and they're mainly allied with the Hillary Clinton campaign, something the partisan author of the article 'forgets' to mention.
Analysis and Opinion _ Yet another warning from an expert on US-Russian relations about the buildup to war with the nuclear power. Retired intelligence analyst, Ray McGovern, lays out the recent history of the deterioration in relations and asks the right questions about why all the hype about Russia is being built up right now.
_ Stephen Walt: ' The Great Myth About U.S. Intervention in Syria : America's standing in the world has not — and will not — be weakened by staying out of other countries' humanitarian crises.'
_ James Carden at The Nation: ' Obama's Foreign Policy: A Hostage to Bipartisan Consensus .' ' He may have criticized the ‘Washington playbook,' but he couldn't overcome DC's interventionist orthodoxy .' Carden notes that all of Obama's foreign policy pledges have been unfulfilled and his likely successor is a hawk which is ' an all-too-fitting monument to an era of dashed expectations.' Obama gave the wars in Libya and Syria 'a veneer of legality,' started a 'new and more dangerous cold war with Russia,' and launched the 'Asia pivot' to begin efforts to contain of China. Obama was expected to improve the mess from the Bush years but instead 'the convergence of the neoconservative and Wilsonian interventionist creeds has solidified into orthodoxy' that became necessary for war selling after the 2003 Iraq invasion fiasco. Hardcore neocons 'have become devoted supporters of Hillary Clinton.' Samantha Power declared that the US national interest have been expanded from interstate affairs to intrastate affairs as well and Obama 'remains firmly in the grip of a foreign-policy orthodoxy that he himself has dismissed' largely because the of the narrow spectrum of policy options considered acceptable by the 'Borg'.
'Power's casual disregard for the Westphalian principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other states, now de rigueur among interventionists of both parties, is fused with a belief in American global hegemony, of which the Obama administration's 2010 Quadrennial Defense Review is representative.'
_ According to Max Keiser, an American finance show host based in London, the UK is 'using fake Russian threat to pass ‘snoopers charter' law.' He cites a Guardian 'exclusive': '‘ Increasingly aggressive' Russia a growing threat to UK, says MI5 head .' 'Exclusive: In first newspaper interview given by a serving spy chief, Andrew Parker talks of terror, espionage and balance between secrecy and privacy.' The Kremlin spokesman refuted the MI5 chief's claims.
 
The post Iraqi Forces Enter Mosul; Rebels Launch Offensive in Aleppo; Turkish Forces on Borders appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Memos prepared by legal counsel for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign reveal how the campaign developed workarounds so it could coordinate with a network of pro-Clinton super political action committees or Super PACs. The memos were explicitly developed to ensure regulators at the Federal Election Commission (FEC) would not detect any signs of unethical practices.
While the workarounds may not necessarily be illegal as a result of the Supreme Court's Citizens United decision, they clearly undermine campaign finance law, and for those concerned about the influence of money in politics, the policies developed show how candidates can easily game the system.
The documents, produced by Marc Elias of Perkins Coie LLP, were attached to emails from the Clinton campaign, which were published by WikiLeaks. They were drafted on April 1, 2015, before Clinton officially launched her presidential campaign.
Perkins Coie recommended , 'Secretary Clinton and her agents to make a hard solicitation for $5,000,' when discussing any Super PAC with prospective donors. Super PACs and their personnel would be free to 'follow up with the donor—that day or at any other time of their choosing – to ask for additional funds, without any participation by Secretary Clinton or her agents.'
The campaign also asked for a procedure that would permit Clinton and anyone working for her to 'discuss Super PACs with prospective donors without making a solicitation for money.' But the law firm the campaign hired advised against this approach and noted there was a 'legally prescribed way for the Secretary and her agents to attend Super PAC fundraising events.'
In this 'alternative approach,' Clinton and 'her agents' could appear at fundraising events and openly discuss the 'political objectives' of the Super PAC. Clinton and anyone representing the campaign would be 'featured speakers' or 'special guests.' They would not directly solicit contributions for the Super PAC. They would not publicize fundraising events.
'To avoid any risk that the statement made by the Secretary or her agents would be construed as a solicitation, a notice should be prominently displayed at the entrance to the event or a card placed on every table,' Elias advised.
The developed disclaimer read:
Solicitations by federal candidates and officeholders are limited by federal law. Any federal candidates or officeholders speaking tonight will not be soliciting donations, or will be soliciting only donations of up to $5000 from individuals and multi-candidate political committees. They will not be soliciting donations of any amount from corporations, labor organizations, foreign nationals, federal contractors, or national banks.
In a separate memo, ' Super PACs ,' Elias contended the mere fact that a disclaimer was displayed made it possible for Clinton to 'make a general request for funds without reference to any dollar amount or source.'
'While the Secretary does not have to repeat this disclaimer in one-on-one conversations with event guests, the Secretary may not encourage them to disregard the notice nor may the Secretary ever ask for contributions in excess of the applicable limit or from prohibited sources.'
This way, if a donor who attended a fundraising event donated far more than $5,000, the act could not be directly connected to the remarks of Clinton, even though that fundraising event may have played a critical role in that donor's decision to support Clinton substantially.
Despite the historical nature of meetings between potential donors and presidential candidates, Elias maintained the campaign could avoid scrutiny by insisting contributions were not expected as a 'condition' or 'appropriate response' to the 'opportunity to meet with the Secretary or her agents for this political discussion.'
It would be made clear there was no 'expectation whatsoever by the Secretary or her agents that the donor make a contribution of any amount to the PAC' or that the meeting was a 'fundraising meeting organized to support the fundraising objectives of the PAC.'
Through this arrangement, influential and wealthy people, with or without ties to corporations, might engage in the same actions that they would if Clinton directly solicited contributions at these fundraisers or meetings. The culture of electoral politics would lead such individuals to recognize these interactions as a means to convince them to make contributions. They know the sensitivity around making certain a candidate they support does not draw attention from regulators. But because Clinton did not say words, which explicitly represent a request for funds, this is supposed to be considered acceptable.
In the 'Super PACs' memo, Elias contended Clinton and 'her agents' will inevitably 'find themselves talking to prospective donors about Super PACs. The conversation might be initiated by the Secretary or her agents. Or, more likely, it might be initiated by the prospective donor.'
'Common questions include, 'Secretary, the Super PAC has asked for my support. Should I contribute?' or 'I want to give a million dollars to support your campaign—to which organization should I write my check?'' Elias outlines. 'There will be hundreds of variants. In these types of interactions, it is not reasonable to expect the Secretary or her agents to make snap-determinations about whether their statements of political support for a Super PAC amount to a solicitation or direction of funds in the context of the particular conversation.'
'Accordingly, our strong recommendation is that the Secretary and her agents make a hard ask for $5,000 or less for the Super PAC in any conversation with a donor in which the Super PAC is discussed,' Elias adds.
The memo further indicated, 'The Secretary and her agents should not tell donors that someone from the PAC will be following up with them and should not ask donors to take a call from PAC personnel. Nonetheless, it is permissible for the Secretary and her agents to provide donors with contact information of a PAC representative, so that the donors can execute the $5,000 contribution or learn more information about the PAC if they choose to do so.'
Or, if the donor contacted the PAC representative, the PAC would now be able to solicit much more than a $5,000 contribution, even though that donor may have never contacted the PAC if they had not been introduced to Clinton.
The law firm additionally advised, 'The Secretary and her agents may suggest particular donors to Super PAC personnel. Specifically, the Secretary and her agents may provide the names, contact information, and donor history (if any) of potential donors.'
'A Super PAC soliciting funds outside of federal limits should not tell the donor that the Secretary or her agents provided the PAC with the donor's name and contact information,' according to the memo.
'To reduce the risk of impermissible coordination, it would be prudent for the Super PAC to place a firewall between its fundraising personnel and its 'creative' personnel (e.g. those involved in the creation, production, or distribution of communications and in the strategic discussions informing such communications),' Elias recommended. 'And, likewise, the campaign ought to designate a handful of fundraising staff and consultants to liaise with the Super PAC's fundraising personnel.'
'Beyond this small handful of fundraising staff, there is no need for the Secretary or her agents to interact with Super PAC personnel except for when they are appearing as 'special guests' at a Super PAC event.'
It is all a rather elaborate scheme to ensure millions of dollars can be funneled into the coffers of a presidential campaign without having to be inhibited by campaign finance law supposedly in force to provide some regulation of the influence of money.
Perkins Coie explicitly set out to develop guidelines that would make it possible for individuals to wear 'two hats,' as in raise money and also serve the campaign in some manner. However, Elias cautioned , 'We may decide that some of our fundraising agents are too risky—either because we don't trust them to follow these guidelines or because we do not think it is credible that they are raising in a capacity other than as a campaign agent—and tell Priorities that they cannot use them to raise.'
As previously reported by the Wall Street Journal, Elias sent a memo on interactions with the Clinton Super PAC, Priorities USA, on April 21, 2015. The memo was attached to an email published by WikiLeaks. It instructed the campaign to make sure the Clinton campaign never explicitly asked Priorities USA to raise 'soft money,' which the Sunlight Foundation describes as 'cash contributed to a party, candidate, or outside group without being subject to limits.'
The campaign could say, 'Donor A works in financial services and has been a long-time contributor. I think she'd be willing to do six figures for Priorities,' but it could not say, 'I want you to call Donor A and ask for $250,000.'
Priorities USA has raised over $175 million, according to the Sunlight Foundation, which is more than any Super PAC in history.
The Clinton campaign has faced criticism for its coordination with David Brock's Correct the Record Super PAC. Brock believes the Super PAC can legally coordinate with the campaign because all the content it produces is posted for free online and exempt from the FEC's ban on 'coordinated communications.'
Sunlight Foundation points out, 'Its whole apparently legal existence depends on it not making independent expenditures, because it openly coordinates with the Clinton campaign, which is otherwise forbidden for a super PAC.' Nonetheless, there has been no action by the FEC to shut down this coordination.
The FEC, according to the Washington Post, has yet to 'open an investigation into alleged illegal super PAC coordination, closing 29 such complaints,' since 2010. Nevertheless, the campaign was concerned it may engage in activity that could spur an investigation if they were not careful and had Perkins Coie help them avoid any potential scandals.
The New York Times reported , 'Democrats have built the largest and best-coordinated apparatus of outside groups operating in the 2016 presidential campaign,' and raised funds at a 2-to-1 rate when compared to Donald Trump.
'There's no question that we need to make Washington work much better than it does today,' Clinton said in June. 'And that means, in particular, getting unaccountable money out of our politics.' She added, 'That's why I'm so passionate about this issue, and I will fight hard to end the stranglehold that the wealthy and special interests have on so much of our government.'
Clinton has openly supported overturning the Citizens United decision. However, she has accepted countless amounts of 'unaccountable money' in the 2016 presidential election, and her campaign has pioneered new methods for circumventing regulations against super PAC coordination in order to bring more money into her campaign.
The post How Clinton Campaign Gamed Super PAC Regulations appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

On December 5, 2011, Neil McCabe published a piece in Human Events, titled, 'Claim: Clinton Collected $50K Per Month From MF Global,' which said that controversial Clinton-backed public relations and consulting firm Teneo had been paid $50,000 a month by former MF Global CEO Jon Corzine to 'improve his image and to enhance his connections with Clinton's political family' months before the firm went bankrupt.
MF Global's bankruptcy was a result of gross mismanagement and Cozine himself narrowly avoided prosecution for financial fraud when it was revealed that MF Global customer money had at one point gone missing during the company's final days. No criminal charges were filed, but MF Global paid $132 million earlier this year in a civil settlement with MF Global customers.
Teneo's seemingly seedy behavior has long been a problem for the Clintons, and its alleged involvement in the MF Global scandal rippled across Clinton world. As revealed by an email chain published by Wikileaks, the Teneo-MF Global story was emailed to Chelsea Clinton the same days as publication, December 5, 2011.
Responding a day later , Chelsea told those in the email chain, which apparently included John Podesta, that this was not the first time Teneo had been a problem:
John, Bruce, Terry, Victoria, Jennifer – fyi re: below. I've asked that it make my father's clips (it wld historically not as I understand it).
On another note, I was in London Sunday and did a Foundation event Sunday evening and two people separately voiced concerns directly to me about Teneo , neither of whom I know well (one of whom is a friend of one of Marc's old colleagues, ie we know only tangentially) and Sara Latham (whom Victoria and Jennifer, I do know well – she worked for my Dad in the WH and lives in London) voiced serious concerns to Bari – including telling her Ilya has called Members of the House and Members of Parliament, 'on behalf of President Clinton,' for Teneo clients (eg for Andrew Liveris and Dow who's coming this month to London), without my father's knowledge and inelegantly and ineffectually at best and at worse has now precipitating people in London making comparisons between my father and Tony Blair's profit motivations. Which would horrify my father.
Sara also told Bari she started working for Teneo, as Teneo, more than a year ago and then recently stopped because she was so upset, partly because of what Doug and Declan asked her to do/ pretend was happening for their clients at Davos- that's all I know. I am hoping to connect directly with Sara this week, if only to connect her belatedly into Victoria and Jennifer. I'm speaking at an innovations in governance conference today here in Oxford and flying back later this afternoon. I will raise all of this and more with my father this evening. Wanted to update you all in the meanwhile about my augmented concerns post London and the below.
'Doug and Declan' are Doug Band and Declan Kelly, founding members of Teneo and longtime associates of the Clinton family.
Chelsea Clinton is telling those on the thread in response to a press clip of the Human Events piece that she has been told by other people that Teneo is trading on her father's name for dubious purposes.
In response to Chelsea's email, John Podesta emailed Clinton lawyer Cheryl Mills saying 'We need to move to a resolution of this quickly.'
Mills responded with a document that restructured Teneo, which Mills explained, 'essentially creates a full-time Personal office of the President headed by a new CEO/COS. That person — who is unaffiliated with any of the entities or Teneo — b/cs the decisionmaker on the allocation of the President's time and management and implementation of the President's desires with respect to each activity. Doug and Justin advise that person but do not make final decisions or have final implementation authority on any matters – which is consistent with what Doug has said he seeks – the ability to recommend but for others to be accountable for making the ultimate decisions.'
While Chelsea was concerned with Teneo using Bill Clinton, other evidence demonstrates it was a two-way street. Teneo helped Bill Clinton make millions of dollars from speeches with corporations. They also helped raised large amounts of money for the Clinton Foundation and employed other associates of the Clintons.
Like most Clinton operations, it's never quite clear where the public service ends and the private gains begin.
The post Clinton Network Concerned About Teneo's Consulting Behavior appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

A 36-year-old U.S. man diagnosed with stage IV colon cancer in March of this year is now being forced to confront the likelihood of losing his job should he choose to use marijuana for the purpose of relieving symptoms caused by his cancer and cancer treatments.
John Doe is a married father of one. He spent at least ten years as a biologist and environmental protection specialist and planned large scale projects to minimize environmental impacts. He also directed the cleanup of solid waste sites and oil spills for several federal agencies. (We granted him anonymity because if he is suspected of using marijuana he will be fired.)
He told Shadowproof that he hoped to move to the private sector in the months leading up to the diagnosis to be closer to his wife's family or his own family. 'But the diagnosis changed that, since a stage IV cancer patient can't get life insurance on the private market and the health insurance available to federal employees was a better deal' for him than what was available under the Affordable Care Act. 'It's gotten worse since then.'
After experiencing complications with the prescribed medicines for his cancer, the doctor recommended medical marijuana, 'which is required to get a card in the state I had been living in and also in the state in which I live now.'
Since marijuana is listed under the Controlled Substances Act as a schedule 1 substance by the DEA, doctors cannot prescribe it. 'Dronabinol/Marinol gets around that by being a synthetic analog— apparently it's okay if you pay a pharmaceutical company for it, but not okay if you grow it yourself,' Doe said.
Doe was never offered a prescription for dronabinol. Instead, it was recommended he use medical marijuana should he need nausea relief and appetite stimulation, and he used it when he needed it to function, 'which was typically for the several days following chemo so that I could stop the nausea. It's constant, by the way, readers should know that it does not come in waves, and there is no relief.'
But Doe had to hide his medical marijuana use from everyone. 'Federal employees are barred from using any illegal drug and can be fired even if the use is on their own time away from work.'
'All federal employees receive a memo each year from their agency solicitor or DOJ reminding them specifically that medical marijuana is not recognized as valid by the DEA, and since all marijuana (except dronabinol) is listed as schedule 1, it's use is 'inconsistent with federal employment' and employees can be fired if they are caught using it or if they test positive during a drug test.'
Unfortunately for Doe, drug testing is likely to expand from law enforcement, firefighters, commercial drivers, and seasonal employees to his position at the agency. Any employee may be forced to submit to a test if there is 'reasonable suspicion' that employee is using drugs. 'I'm not sure the threat of a lawsuit for discrimination under the Americans with Disabilities Act would help me forestall a drug test. I'd like to point out as well that my use has been limited to edibles, and that I do not work under the influence. When I use, it is after work so that I can eat.'
Back in August 2015, Doe suffered bouts of constipation and diarrhea, symptoms he assumed were triggered by all the stress brought on after having his first child. While the constipation and diarrhea diminished, the issues did not entirely go away.
Doe mentioned these symptoms to his doctor in October, who noticed that Doe had also lost around five or six pounds. 'He then asked how the baby was doing and said that I was probably just dealing with stress and asked me to track how I feel and report back to him if things didn't improve in a week.'
Things did not improve, and he found himself having to use the bathroom more often than usual. After another doctor's visit, he was asked to make some dietary changes and prescribed a laxative and stool softener with instructions to call back after a week or two if things didn't improve.
In November, after Doe's symptoms continued to worsen, he made an appointment for a colonoscopy. Unfortunately, the hospital was booked so he had to wait.
By mid-January, he used the bathroom nearly 10 times a day. '[The doctor] finally ordered a thorough set of blood and stool tests to look for a range of disorders, parasites, etc. Results that came back in mid-February were all in the middle of reference range for blood chemistry and negative for parasites. According to the doctor, I was healthy as a horse, and he gave me a large stack of literature on irritable bowel syndrome. It was at this point that the hospital finally found time to get me in for a colonoscopy.'
In March, Doe finally had a colonoscopy. 'I fell asleep on the gurney fully expecting to wake up and hear that it was IBS.' After waking up in the recovery room, the doctor came in and told him that she had some bad news. They found and removed a polyp in his sigmoid colon, which was the good news. He was then shown a picture of an obstruction a few inches further into his sigmoid colon.
'There was a obstructing tumor so large that she couldn't push the scope beyond that point. Preliminary diagnosis was colon cancer,' he shared. They had to do a CT scan immediately to see if the cancer spread, and he needed surgery within a week to install a colostomy bag to bypass the blockage.
'I remember thinking, 'Well, if they'd been able to get me in for a routine colonoscopy back in November I might not be in this situation,' followed by 'I guess this means I can eat onions and garlic again since it's not IBS.'
Days after having a CT scan, Doe went in to work to fill out several forms, 'mostly making sure my designations of beneficiaries were current and submitting an open-ended sick leave request.' While he was there, he received a call from the gastroenterologist. 'My CT results were in, and they weren't good. In addition to the tumor in the colon I also had numerous tumors in my liver and lungs. That was…hard to hear.'
The doctors put off the consultation for surgery to install the colostomy until Wednesday of that week, but he didn't make it that far. 'My digestive tract was not happy after a full week of nothing but clear liquid, and I had trouble passing anything. My wife and I went to the emergency room on Tuesday and after waiting several hours had surgery to install the colostomy. That went well. Then we met with the local oncologist.'
Doe was told they would focus on palliative care with drugs, and that surgery was not an option. 'I give you about a fifty percent shot at living another two years.'
He sought second opinions and got two, one at the University of Wisconsin and another at the University of Iowa. 'Those doctors were more encouraging. Despite a stage IV diagnosis and spread [of cancer] to more than one distant organ, they held out hope that if my cancer responded well to chemotherapy perhaps we could consider surgery given my age and otherwise great health.'
As of publication, Doe has done one course, or twelve rounds, of FOLFOX plus Avastin. FOLFOX is a chemotherapy regimen for colorectal cancer, and Avastin is a cancer medicine that is supposed to disrupt the growth of cancer cells.
'I also took and continue to take several supplements my doctors have suggested to me: curcumin, vitamin D, vitamin E, etc. The tumor marker CEA in my blood samples dropped precipitously each time I went in for the next round of chemo, and CT scans at various points during treatment documented shrinkage of the tumors in the liver and lungs.'
While comparing his most recent CT scan to the first scan, doctors have pointed out just how much the tumors had shrunk and noted that some of the tumors in the liver appeared to be mostly dead. 'They also said that given my response to chemo, they'd like to give me a shot at surgery. To do that, they need to grow the unaffected lobe of my liver before surgery and then the surgery, assuming it happens, will be a great big invasive procedure to remove the tumor in my colon, some lymph nodes, and the still-affected part of my liver, and burn out the remaining tumor tissue in my lungs. I am looking forward to that, believe it or not.'
Despite undergoing a series of traumatic symptoms, medical treatments, and consultations, Doe continues to work full time, and on a number of occasions he has worked during chemotherapy sessions in the hospital.
At first, the only side effects he felt from the chemotherapy were fatigue and nausea. He told Shadowproof that each chemo session involves receiving an IV drug that helps minimize nausea, and that he was also prescribed prochlorperazine, which is to be taken every 8 hours and scopolamine patches to wear behind his ear to prevent motion sickness.
The prochlorperazine worsened his fatigue, and after a few days of struggling to stay awake on prochlorperazine, he asked if there was anything else they could prescribe. 'They gave me ondansetron, which also was to be taken every 8 hours. One doctor mentioned dronabinol, AKA marinol, synthetic THC (and approved by the FDA for treating nausea), but said that would be a last resort if nothing else worked.'
'I wondered why, since I had been researching the hell out of my treatment options and a lot of patients strongly suggested that marijuana was by far the best thing to prevent nausea and stimulate appetite. The ondansetron worked to a degree. By six hours into a dose, I would feel nauseous, and my appetite wasn't good for several days following treatments. This worsened over time, such that my nausea and suppressed appetite would last longer and longer after chemo sessions.'
'I still continued to work but there would be long stretches of feeling uncomfortable when my nausea wasn't controlled.'
Should Doe lose his federal employment because he is taking marijuana to help him through cancer treatment, it will mean he also loses the life insurance policy he has through the government. If he loses that, he would be unable replace it, 'as no insurance company will underwrite a new policy for a stage IV cancer patient.'
'Being fired would cost my family dearly in the event that I die sooner rather than later, and losing the health insurance virtually guarantees that I would die sooner rather than later.'
The cost of Doe's chemotherapy runs between $10,000 and $20,000, depending on the hospital. 'The insurance for families has quite a few copays and an annual $11,000 deductible for the family, $5,000 for the first family member to reach that number. I hit $5,000 pretty quickly after my diagnosis so while I still make copays for my family's medical care I haven't had to pay any for myself since May of 2016.'
'I will have to start paying the deductible again on January 1 until I hit whatever deductible the insurance company sets for next year, which I assume will be higher than it was this year. I pay something like $350 a month for this insurance and the government pays an additional $900+ as part of my compensation package.
Doe continued, 'I haven't seen how much the premiums in my state of residence will be going up for 2017, but I know the number of providers has dropped to one or two and those providers have limits on office visits, larger copays, and higher deductibles that I currently pay. Were I to be drug tested and fired, I would have to make do with one of those plans that carries larger costs and offers fewer benefits.'
Right now, Doe has friends writing letters to the White House, their Representatives, and their Senators asking for either executive action to modify the 1986 Reagan Executive Order regarding off-duty drug use and to recognize state laws regarding medical marijuana. They are also helping him push for congressional action to grant marijuana the same exemption from the Controlled Substances Act 'enjoyed by the alcohol and tobacco lobbies.'
'I'd like to note that the White House responses so far have been tone deaf, and that while the responses have focused on a supposed lack of any therapeutic use of marijuana—despite the FDA approval for dronabinol, lots of state laws, and lots of very sick people saying it works—to avoid action. I'd like to know what therapeutic use alcohol and nicotine serve.'
The White House's response to these letters is distressing. It shows little concern for those impacted by blanket drug testing and zero tolerance drug policies. It reads in part:
'This Administration opposes marijuana legalization, and our policy approach focuses on improving public health and safety through prevention, treatment, support for recovery, and innovative criminal justice strategies to break the cycle of drug use and crime. A considerable body of evidence shows that marijuana use, especially chronic use that begins at a young age, is associated with serious health and social problems. Studies also reveal that marijuana potency has tripled since 1990, raising serious public health concerns.
At the same time, we share public concerns about ensuring limited Federal enforcement resources are dedicated to pursuing our highest enforcement priorities, such as preventing the distribution of marijuana to minors, preventing the sale of marijuana by criminal enterprises and gangs, preventing violence and the use of firearms in the cultivation and distribution of marijuana, and preventing drugged driving and other adverse public health consequences. We will also closely monitor implementation of marijuana legalization in individual States and prevent the diversion of marijuana to States that have not legalized its use, sale, or distribution. Outside of its highest enforcement priorities, the Federal Government has traditionally relied on State and local agencies to address marijuana activity through enforcement of their own narcotics laws.'
Attorney Stefan Borst-Censullo, Counsel to Hoban Law Group, who specializes in cannabis legislation, explained that the federal government 'defined the idea that employers have the right to terminate for off work drug use, and they've continued this tradition, regardless of state laws for medical marijuana.'
Borst-Censullo told Shadowproof that this applies to 'everyone,' as there is no existing marijuana law in the states which offers worker protection to patients, 'and most state courts that look at the issue side with federal supremacy.' When it comes to whether or not medical marijuana users should be hopeful that they will see any changes, Borst-Censullo says no.
'The Colorado Supreme Court ruled against a man with [multiple scoliosis] who was being blatantly discriminated against due to his ADA [Americans With Disabilities Act] status. But because marijuana is federally illegal, ADA doesn't apply,' Borst-Censullo added.
Doe hoped more exposure will pressure the President and Congress 'to step into the 21st century' because 'that is apparently what it will take to allow people access to medicine they need without fear of punishment for simply trying to control nausea or pain.' This isn't just for him, he said. 'This is for anybody and everybody in my situation.' He added, 'And there are many of us.'
The post Federal Employee With Stage IV Cancer May Lose Job For Taking Medical Marijuana appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Once called the world's greatest purveyor of violence by Reverend Martin Luther King Jr., the US government has made a habit of issuing vapid self-serving and hypocritical statements about humanitarian crises all over the world.
In some cases, a flack standing behind a government podium will give a boilerplate condemnation of the violence and horrors, while in many cases a simple press release will do.
So it was the normal routine on Tuesday, when UN Ambassador Samantha Power issued another typical empty condemnation of the humanitarian crisis in Yemen, where thousands have been killed and thousands more are starving to death. But the bullshit did not stand long.
Activists immediately pointed out it was the government for which Power was speaking that was leading the slaughter, providing the very weapons the Saudis were using to bomb civilians and damage the food supply.
In fact, it was a US-made bomb that Saudi Arabia used on a Doctors Without Borders hospita l in Northern Yemen in August that forced the organization to leave the country. The Saudis have targeted hospitals, schools, and other civilian targets in their brutal bombing campaign to destroy the Shiite Houthi rebels.
In October, the Saudis even bombed a funeral, which an analysis by Shadowproof reveals happened just weeks after the US shipped hundreds of millions of dollars in weapons to Saudi Arabia.
Among the weapons the Saudis have received from the US are the controversial CBU-105 Sensor Fuzed Weapon from Textron Systems of Wilmington, Massachusetts. The CBU-105 is a cluster bomb, which are banned by a large number of a countries for their lethality on civilians both during and after conflicts. Cluster munitions may detonate well after they are dropped, maiming and killing children and others.
Saudi Arabia received the weapons as part of one of the biggest arms deals in US history, negotiated by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Clinton completed the historic arms deal despite telling John Podesta in a private email that she knew Saudi Arabia was financing and arming ISIS. 
The Saudis appeared quite appreciative of Clinton's work and even made millions of dollars worth of donations to Hillary Clinton's favorite charity, the Clinton Foundation.
So, yes, no one is going to take the US condemnations of Saudi war crimes in Yemen seriously when the US is knowingly supplying the weapons used to commit them. Ambassador Power can point her blood-soaked finger at herself.
The post US Condemnation Of Yemen Slaughter Backfires As World Blames US appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

In the latest installment of 'Islam In America,' Roqayah Chamseddine is joined by Sarah Anastasia, a 27-year-old Muslim makeup artist and skin care consultant based in Massachusetts. Sarah discusses her service work and the exploitation and abuse that workers often face.
She also talks about her sexual assault, how sexual assault survivors, specifically women, are often castigated for being assaulted, and what the reaction has been from her friends and family, including other Muslims.
Plus, in light of the release of Donald Trump's 'Access Hollywood' conversation with Billy Bush, which was recorded in 2007, Roqayah and Sarah examine the implications of this rhetoric about using his status as a celebrity to assault women and how it impacts survivors of sexual assault.
This interview is part of Roqayah's Islam In America series, which amplifies the stories of Muslim-Americans and what they struggle with in their day-to-day lives beyond just Islamophobia.
Listen to the interview by clicking on the below player:

SUPPORT THIS PROJECT If you enjoyed this video, please consider making a donation of $20 or more toward our $4,000 goal to fund the Islam In America project. Your contribution will help us publish more profiles of American Muslims like this one. * 
Below is a partial transcript of the interview: 
ROQAYAH: Before we get into the second half of the interview, I want to warn those listening that the subject matter may be difficult because we're going to be talking about sexual assault. It's a confronting and inarguably painful issue for all people, especially those who have been victims or those who know someone who's been sexually assaulted.
According to the Rape, Abuse, and Incest National Network or RAIN, one of out of every six American women have been the victim of an attempted or completed rape in her lifetime. About 3% of American men or one in thirty-three have experienced an attempted or completed rape in their lifetime. And from 2009-2015, Child Protective Services substantiated or found strong evidence to indicate that 63,000 children a year were victims of sexual abuse.
According to the National Crime Victims Survey, since 1998, there have been 17.7 million American women who have been raped and 2.78 million American Men, and that's according to the survey. There may be more because as we all know a lot of people do not come forward because of the stigmatization and other issues they may face from both the police or family.
So, before we delve into anything, I wanted to say thank you for letting me talk to you about your story because I know it's a really painful issue to talk about, especially since you're a survivor yourself. Feel free to divulge as much or as little as you're comfortable with.
The reaction to you talking about your sexual assault, because you have talked in brevity on Twitter and I believe on Facebook to some extent—What was it like? What was the reaction like to you talking about it?
SARAH: Part of the reason why I posted it on social media was because I don't—and I still really don't. I felt like I didn't really have anyone to talk to. What kind of, in as vague terms as possible, there was someone I was seeing out-of-state, and I went to go see him. His best friend ended up assaulting me. On top of this, my boyfriend, whatever you want to call him, obviously, ex-boyfriend now, blamed me for the entire thing and said it never happened when he was there. And called me all these disgusting names and said I deserved it. Plus, I was just thinking about it the other day because I hate to call it an anniversary but it's been a year and like a week basically.
I was just thinking about it and how weird it was that it never happened, but then it was my fault for it happening. I was just thinking about that and how ridiculous it was. But anyways, I didn't have anyone that I felt really comfortable talking to and also when it first happened, I was out-of-state so I had absolutely nobody. So it was very scary to me and I felt like Twitter—I don't want to call Twitter a safe space—but I feel like it's a place that I can express myself. Obviously, I get trolled like almost everybody does. But I was able to say what was happening almost like an open journal in some kind of play-by-play of what was happening.
Thankfully, a lot of my friends that follow me were very receptive obviously and asked me if I was okay, this and that. I just felt like it was kind of important to talk about, but at the same time, I didn't want to tell any of my family members. I had like one friend I told. I just felt very scared, and I felt like I was going to be judged or nobody was going to believe me. So, it's like what is the point of even telling a family member if they're just going to blame me or say it didn't happen or say I'm making it up or being dramatic. I project a lot in my head, and so I feel like I was like I don't even want to go there because I'm going to be more stressed out. More anxiety. Everything so Twitter was just kind of the place I went to.
ROQAYAH: On that note, what have you gone through mentally, emotionally, and maybe even physically in light of the Trump tapes, where he gleefully talks about freely assaulting women? Because I know that many women have had stay away from social media because of this issue. They go through reliving their experiences. So what have you gone through?
SARAH: I actually went on a mini-vacation that weekend when everything happened with the tapes with my family and none of them know. So it was kind of this really bizarre kind of like me listening to all their opinions about it, and thankfully, for the most part, my family members were just like this guy is trash. He assaults women. He's disgusting. He's a piece of shit. Blah blah blah. But you had the few comments of, well, why are they coming out now? And that obviously hurts even more knowing that I never reported my assault. If I had said to them, oh by the way, I was raped too. It would be, well, why did it take you so long to come out type of thing?
So that weekend was not really the best weekend.
Just a lot of the same things that his defenders or his supporters or fans kind of say that are enabling him are the same exact reasons why I didn't report my assault and why I didn't tell so many people because of that same reaction. So it just brought back a lot of really bad memories and feelings.
ROQAYAH: People don't understand what it takes to actually report sexual abuse. It's more than going to the police and saying, hey, this happened to me and then it's over with. It's extremely intense. You have to not only tell a complete stranger what happened to you. You have to undergo oftentimes medical services that require you to undress yourself, do different kind of examinations, and then at the end of the day, your rape kit may not even be tested for years on end. There's a lot more to it.
And then, finding out recently I believe based on reports in the Washington Post and elsewhere, cops will routinely laugh and mock sexual assault victims and try to manipulate them into recanting or telling them things like the kid is really young. Why you gonna ruin his life? So this isn't just something, oh, you didn't tell? Why didn't you tell? It's a lot more than filing a report and then going home and you're fine. But I think a lot of people assume it's that easy.
Do you think the language that Trump uses in those tapes, and uses otherwise to describe women, do you think that's pervasive amongst men in the U.S?
SARAH: Oh, totally. Even before these tapes happened, like if you go back, I posted about this on Facebook. What he did to Miss Universe, even back to Rosie O'Donnell. He has always been so just disgusting. You can just tell he's somebody who thinks they're more powerful and so much more above women and just thinks they're there to serve him and he can do whatever he wants to them and he's rich and this and that. Like the same thing from the tapes.
It was more the reaction to the tapes that was surprising. Clearly, this is a huge issue in the U.S. You have not just with Donald Trump but you see this a lot of time on the news anyways. I remember with Steubenville and a lot of other cases, like that swimmer, Brock Turner. Like oh you're ruining his wife and this and that and no one ever once thinks, oh, this poor woman's life is completely ruined. I remember in Steubenville the women had to move out of the town because she was getting harassed.
It's just so ridiculous to me and so hurtful that this is continuously happening, and obviously, with Trump too. And I think it's beyond people who support him. I think there are people too who were like, oh, it's just words. My mom and I saw some type of report where they went to some random town in Pennsylvania and a lot of them were saying oh that's Trump's personal life. I'm still going to vote for him. And it's like, how is that personal life? He's assaulting women. That shows how disgusting he is and just his character is so rotten.
ROQAYAH: A lot of these people defending him either know someone who talks like that or talk like that. I was not as angry about it and thankfully I began to say this is really bad. You need to stop talking about women like animals basically. Whenever I hear any guy defending what he is saying—I mean, it's very simple. All you got to do is say I don't support what he says. It's really bad. There's really not more to it, but men specifically are going out of their way to say, eh, this is normal. And I don't talk like that but it happens and get over it and you're being politically correct. It's a bunch of bullshit they use to defend in reality what they are in real life.
So being a sexual assault survivor, have you had trouble talking about this to other Muslims? Because I know that sex and the subject of sexual assault is still unfortunately really taboo in our community.
SARAH: Thankfully for most Muslim women, my friends, they've either — well, I shouldn't say thankfully because unfortunately some of them are like this happened to me too. I've had several people, friends either from real life or social media, contact me and be like this happened to me too, which is a whole other issue. But I haven't really—Even when I was posting about it on Twitter, not that many men really replied. I did have a friend that was not that judgmental but he did ask me was I drinking, what was I wearing, and stuff like that. It's like that's not really relevant to the story because you're not asking if he was drinking or what he was wearing. Why is that even a question? So that really bothered me.
ROQAYAH: I don't know why. I don't know why this is still an issue with men. There's no reason why that will matter in the story. No one has a right to put their hands on another person without consent. So if you are butt naked and you are out of your mind drunk, it shouldn't matter. You don't have the right to touch anyone, especially in a situation where they might not be there mentally. That kind of thing really makes me sick.
SARAH: It just makes me very angry. In my head, it's almost like are you doubting my story or—The only answer is, what if I was wearing a revealing outfit and I was doing shots at the bar or something (which I wasn't)? Does that mean that I deserved it? I don't get why you're asking the question.
ROQAYAH: It serves no purpose whatsoever, and it works as a way for them to manipulate you and sort of doubt your story without coming out and having a spine to say I don't believe you.
SARAH: Right, and especially I feel like from Muslims it's like that whole extra, well, were you drinking because you're not supposed to be? Well, were you wearing a revealing outfit? You shouldn't have been.
ROQAYAH: That's another issue with Muslims. It's a bit off-topic, but since we brought up the subject, a lot of Muslims look down on other Muslims who drink or who don't wear the hijab or don't follow the religion as they think they should. And so we see when a lot of Muslims are in the news, and they do something terrible, they go, oh, well, he wasn't really a Muslim. He was drinking. Or he wasn't really a Muslim. He was having premarital sex. They don't understand that sin doesn't remove you from the fold of your religion in the way that they think. So people will make mistakes or do whatever, and it doesn't make them any less of a Muslim than you because you're so uber pious.
The post Interview: Sarah Anastasia, Muslim Makeup Artist And Skin Care Consultant appeared first on Shadowproof .
ARTICLE

Advocates say prison officials at the Kilby Correctional Facility in Alabama turned off the water to Kinetik Justice Amun's solitary cell after he initiated a hunger strike. Officials then transferred him to the Limestone Correctional Facility, which has a 'behavioral modification program' known among prisoners as a 'hot bay' dorm in which prisoners are forced to live in pairs in hot and squalid solitary confinement cells.
Kinetik, also known as Robert Earl Counsil, is the second leader of the Free Alabama Movement (FAM) to be transferred to Limestone. FAM is a group of incarcerated people and their families struggling to end prison slavery and shed light on inhumane conditions in Alabama's prison system.
James Plesant, also known as Dhati Khalid, was the first leader to be transferred. Melvin Ray, also known as Bennu Hannibal Ra-Sun, is the last remaining leader of FAM not to be transferred to Limestone.
According to a statement released by the Ordinary People Society, an Alabama-based human rights group for the incarcerated, Kinetik refused meals upon arrival at the Kilby Correctional Facility on October 21. Before the transfer, Kinetik spent three years housed in solitary confinement at the Holman Correctional Facility.
As previously reported by Shadowproof, Kilby is said to be a ' bully camp .' When one Alabama prisoner learned of Kinetik's transfer to Kilby, he explained the prison is where they send those that 'they have to iron out with brutality.' He added, 'When they send you to Kilby, that's where they break your arms and break your legs.'
Prison officials turned off the water to Kinetik's cell in response to his hunger strike, advocates say. 'They are trying to kill him,' argued Pastor Kenneth Glasgow, founder of the Ordinary People Society and an 'outside' spokesperson for FAM. The Alabama Department of Corrections did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
The Alabama Department of Corrections is currently facing a federal investigation into the rampant violence, overcrowding, and structural decay in its prison system. Kinetik believes his transfer was an act of retaliation by prison officials for his political activity, and that they timed the transfer to prevent him from meeting with this lawyer.
Kinetik is an outspoken advocate for the human rights of the incarcerated. Along with Dhati Khalid and Bennu Hannibal Ra-Sun, Kinetik and the Free Alabama Movement were some of the people behind the call-to-action for the national prison strike against prison slave labor, which began on September 9.
Prominent human rights lawyer and executive director of the Equal Justice Initiative, Bryan Stevenson, announced he will work with Pastor Glasgow and look into Kinetik's case.
Bennu Hannibal Ra-Sun told Shadowproof the 'behavioral modification' dorm or Hot Bay like the one at Limestone is 'supposed to be a volunteer program where you volunteer to go into it, but there's no volunteer aspect. They're just putting people in it.'
'You don't have to have anything specific that you've done. They're not serving you any paperwork, there's not any kind of due process, and they're getting funding from it,' he said. 'So to justify funding, they have to have bodies.'
'Really what they're doing is they're targeting individuals,' Bennu said. He noted there is a Hot Bay program at Donaldson, where he is incarcerated. 'That's where James Plesant was originally. T hey framed him. They're constantly framing and jumping on people in that Hot Bay.'
In the Hot Bay, prisoners are denied visitation, religious services, recreation, and social services, according to the Free Alabama Movement.
'[The Hot Bay] is worse than solitary confinement because they take all of your property and you have a cell mate,' Bennu said. 'So the one here at Donaldson is two men to a cell. You're in the cell with another person for 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Y'all defecating with each other. Y'all urinating with each other, passing gas, burping, sleeping, waking up. Constantly, you're in the cell with the door locked 24/7 with someone else.'
'They're sending you up there, they're torturing people up there. People first got exposed to the Hot Bay program from Bibb County,' Bennu recalled.
'There was a bunch of young guys in there. They tore the Hot Bay up,' he said, referring to a July 2015 riot. 'They made it where you couldn't stay in it. They had to get everyone out of there. That's how bad they are. That's how bad it was.'
'A lot of people think that when they say they put us in solitary confinement that it's solitary confinement. In and of itself, that constitutes the torture. It's not just putting me in the cell. It's the conditions that they put me in inside of these cells,' Bennu argued.
He continued, 'They put us in contaminated cells. What they do is, they have people in solitary and they be complaining about the plumbing or complaining about the lights or the ventilation or something. And they will put us in those cells.'
'They already know there are issues—there's plumbing issues, there's maintenance issues, and they'll put us in these, what they call 'black out cells' or contaminated cells. The lights won't work, we'll be in the cells in the dark trying to read, ruining our eyesight. The mattress will be torn up, sleeping on top of these concrete slabs. The water will be leaking, running all over the cell. The vents and stuff are filthy. '
'It's all of these elements that are added on, but that doesn't show up in the paperwork, and that's what they've done to people like myself. They put me in an isolated cell. I'm on what they call, 'Walk Along Status.' That means I cannot interact with anyone. I can't be around another person. Same thing with Kinetik and James Plesant,' Bennu concluded.
A prisoner previously explained to Shadowproof that Limestone is 'where they send everybody and you have to spend one year in isolation.' That prisoner hoped Kilby was not a 'layover' on Kinetik's way to Limestone.
'If he doesn't reach Limestone, he'll be okay,' the prisoner said at the time. According to the website for the Alabama Department of Corrections, Kinetik is now incarcerated at Limestone.
The post Alabama Prison Officials Retaliate Against Prison Strike Leader By Cutting Water To Cell appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Chicago Cubs first baseman Anthony Rizzo stepped up to the microphone during the World Series rally in Grant Park and choked up, as he spoke about what it meant to be able to be on a team with the 38-year-old catcher David Ross, who was a mentor to him. Rizzo, Ross, and center fielder Dexter Fowler stood shoulder-to-shoulder singing that silly jingle, the one that goes, 'Go Cubs Go! Go Cubs Go! Hey, Chicago, whaddya say? Cubs are gonna win today.' It all really hit home for me as a Cubs fan.
Life is full of things that bring us joy but carry unsavory aspects to them. The Cubs team is owned by Tom Ricketts, a man who donated $1 million to Donald Trump and bears a frightening resemblance to Ted Cruz; so much that one might think Ricketts was his brother. The Cubs also signed Aroldis Chapman, a closer, who served a 30-game suspension this year for domestic abuse. Cubs executives and city officials are responsible for some pretty rapid gentrification in the area of Wrigleyville. With that said, almost all of the Cubs players had fun with each other and never let the pressures of fan-fueled folklore around 'curses' defeat them. That made the postseason truly blissful.
This is where I wrote, Thomas G, my father's name on the wall. I had to squeeze it in near the brick sidewalk.
I live about seven blocks from Wrigley Field. I went down there multiple times in the past week. The day after they won, I went down to Wrigley Field to write my father's name on the stadium wall and join thousands of other Cubs fans in paying tribute to family, who died before they could see the Cubs win a World Series. In the immediate hours after their sweet victory, I took my life into my own hands and went down to the area around Clark and Addison to snap a photo of the stadium sign with 'World Series Champions' emblazoned on it.
On Sunday, right before Game 5, down 3-1 in the series, I stood outside the friendly confines and said to myself—and to my father, even though I don't really believe in this kind of stuff, this was going to be the game where they turned it all around. That they could still come back. Also, I bought a copy of the Chicago Sun-Times after each game, even the editions with the devastating headlines on Game 3 and Game 4, because it was important to have the full story. I can now put those papers side-by-side and forever see the journey the Chicago Cubs took and relive the heart-wrenching and euphoric moments that took place.
This seismic sports event—ending the longest championship drought in American sports history—gripped me like so many other Americans. It taught me, once again, the importance of slowing down life and reveling in these kind of experiences. Which I know is easy for me to say. I did not have a boss, who told me I had to work a night shift or else I would be fired. I did not have to worry about what I was going to do to feed my children or prevent my home from being foreclosed. I did not have to be concerned about an array of disadvantages people should not have to confront on a daily basis, but all too often we just go, go, go, and lose sight of those little things that can make us feel a bit more content in life. Or we reject slowing down to appreciate something amazing that magnificently disrupts our routine.
Additionally, during an election that has smothered and shaken many of us, the perfect antidote was watching this team play baseball. Players like Rizzo let their guard down and made themselves vulnerable in front of us. They were on a world stage, where they perhaps may have thought they needed to maintain a level of toughness or masculinity. Rizzo, on the other hand, as he now famously told Ross during Game 7, was an 'emotional wreck,' and he did not seem to be ashamed of making that confession.
Many of us were 'emotional wrecks.' Everyone watching this series felt like 'emotional wrecks' at some point. Not everyone watched all moments of the games, unless you happened to be in the select group of people that possibly had tickets to all the games.
I'll never forget how Ross told Rizzo it was only going to get worse in the 9th inning. He was right. The Cleveland Indians tied the game in the 8th, acrobatic second baseman Javier Baez had a mishap with a bunt that could have been costly in the 9th, and fans had to bow their heads and hope Chapman would not make a mistake, even though manager Joe Maddon clearly overworked him the past few games.
Statue outside Wrigley Field of Ernie Banks (Photo by Kevin Gosztola)
The weather went from great to pouring rain. There was a delay. That delay gave the team a kind of gift, a bit of a halftime to find their composure to go out and win in the 10th inning. (It was suggested during the rally that this may have been a gift from legendary shortstop and first baseman, Ernie Banks, who was 'Mr. Cub.' Or, legendary third baseman Ron Santo, who later became a WGN radio broadcaster. )
So, Rizzo, the 'emotional wreck,' stepped up to the microphone during the rally and gave this very real and human tribute to a mentor, 'Grandpa' Ross, who played his last game on November 2.
'Gramps and I sat down a few years ago in an offseason before his last season with Boston. He was a free agent, and we just talked,' Rizzo shared. 'We had the same agent. We're talking, and I say to my agent, man, this is what the Chicago Cubs need. He is exactly what we need to bring everything together. Obviously, a lot of pieces came through with that, but he taught myself personally how to become a real winner. He's like a brother to me.'
Fighting back tears, Rizzo continued, 'He's taught me a lot in life—on the field, off the field, how to be a better person. I'm forever grateful for him. He's going out a champion forever. For the rest of his life, he can say the last game that he played he's a world champion.'
That to me is what has made these past moments special. The fact that it took so very long for the team to finally win a baseball championship means all three-to-four generations were brought together. Sons and daughters know their parents longed for this, and many of them have parents, who longed to see what happened. If those parents are still alive, their parents were ecstatic to have lived to see a Cubs World Series.
Kevin Gosztola
Families shared stories about their first games, games they remembered, games they want to forget, and games they saw with their fathers or mothers. They shared stories of players they remembered or recalled when they first put on a Cubs baseball hat or wore a jersey with their favorite player's name on the back. I dug out a photo of me when I was a toddler wearing my Cubs shirt.
I am 28 years-old. I waited 13 years for this because 2003 was the first postseason, where I really got into watching the Cubs play and experienced what it meant to fail to end the drought when they lost to the Florida Marlins in the National League Championship Series. That is a rather short time span when compared to legions of fans.
Maddon said, 'It's a players' game.' Indeed, but for the Cubs, it's unique. Cubs baseball was essentially a fans' game, much more so than other ball clubs.
The last two years of decisions by business executives were made for the fans. The scouts, who went out and found these all-star players, did it for the fans. They recognized there were so many aging Chicago Cubs fans, who kept asking them on the street if they were going to live to see the Cubs win a World Series. Theo Epstein, one of the executives who enabled this team, did not want to have to tell any more fans to take their vitamins when asked if this would be The Year.
Even with 103 wins in the regular season and the status of number one team in baseball, all too many fans were aware of the record for teams, who came in to the postseason on top and did not make it to the World Series. We also took note of the statistics for comebacks in the World Series when teams were down 3-1. So few ever win not only three games in a row but three games in a row, including two on the road.
That put tremendous pressure on the Cubs players. They clearly felt it, and we thank them for putting up with millions of 'emotional wrecks.'
As fans process and revel in the fact that it happened (as Maddon would say, how we did not suck), I think about what this means for next year. For the first time, it is possible to watch the Cubs without bringing a legacy of doubt and negativity to games. There are no more goats. There is no more Steve Bartman. There are no more distractions that are not typically part of baseball. Everyone's favorite punchlines don't really work anymore. They all are part of the past, and the immediate future is baseball with a team that will have some of the players, who won this championship and who will undoubtedly find ways to dazzle us again as they attempt to repeat as champions in 2017.
*** 
For a coda, Chicago Cubs fan Caitlin Swieca pledged a day after Chapman signed with the team in July to donate $10 to a Chicago domestic violence organization every time he got a save. Her campaign managed to raise over $31,000, especially when it took off after she shared it on Twitter.
Swieca told ESPN she thought during Game 7, 'We all compromised what we believed in to root for this guy, and he's gonna blow it.' Then, it shifted to a celebration. Cubs pitcher Mike Montgomery got his first career save ever, and it was in Game 7 of the World Series. She was happy Chapman did not get the glory and said it couldn't have been scripted better.
Oh, and at the parade, some of us fans looked up to see a plane with a banner that read, 'Chinese Americans For Trump Go Cubs.' I stood next to a Filipino American family, who had some Chinese heritage in their ancestry. She thought it must be a joke. Then, someone told her it was real. They read something about this group of Chinese Americans. Instantly, she said she was insulted.
We're not all Trump fans because Ricketts owns our team. Only a small segment are, and they are the same kind of white men and women disconnected from reality, who you will find in the fandom of just about every American sports team. They would probably support Trump whether Ricketts was a Cubs executive or not.
Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel were at the rally, but they are both hot garbage. Neither took the stage to speak, and I view that as some kind of small political victory that sweetens the victory over a baseball team with a racist/colonialist sports mascot, which should be replaced immediately. In fact, let's conjure the Curse of the Racist Mascot and say the Cubs passed it on to them and that'll prolong their championship drought until they replace Chief Wahoo. Maybe then the Indians will get rid of him.
The post It Happened: Personal Notes From A Young Chicago Cubs Fan appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Thank the god atop the thing, the 2016 election is almost over. It has been a grueling, often excruciating, process but here we are. I repeat, it's almost over.
So on the eve of election day, let's take a look at the four major campaign's closing arguments—what their candidacies represent and their visions for America.
Hillary Clinton 
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes her final case for the establishment in 'The Story of Us.' The ad, much like the campaign itself, is a highly misleading and sanitized presentation.
Clinton, the eternal triangulator, celebrates progressive victories she had next to nothing to do with like marriage equality, while positioning herself as a champion for combating Islamophobia (something she has actually contributed to). The only honest argument made is that she will be the first female president.
No mention is made of her own pro-corporate and pro-war policies, or really any of her policies, which is no accident. Hillary Clinton has not so much run for office in the general election as run against Donald Trump taking office, a cynical strategy that appears likely to work if current polling is to be believed.
For more information on what our likely next president will be up to, check out Shadowproof's series on the Podesta Emails. 
Donald Trump 
Donald Trump closed out his unorthodox and largely chaotic campaign with 'Donald Trump's Argument For America.' The ad is explicitly anti-establishment and targets 'global special interests' with references to Wall Street, the Federal Reserve, and free trade and their corrupting influence on the political system in Washington DC.
Trump is never more popular than when he is attacking globalism, especially when considering that Hillary Clinton told Brazilian bankers in a private paid speech she dreams of a 'hemispheric union' with open borders and transnational governance. Many people already fear power has slipped out of their hands and those that govern them are accountable to more powerful distant interests.
But Donald Trump has managed to constantly get in the way of his own populist message on the campaign trail. Trump's crude and ignorant statements—including ad hoc policy proposals that were straight up racist and bigoted—are well out of step with American history and norms. While most mainstream outlets opposed Trump from day one, they still took advantage of such statements as a business opportunity.
Trump made his name in the Republican primaries going hard on illegal immigration, which is a genuine concern for many Americans. But while many Americans want to do something about immigration, few supported Trump's incendiary rhetoric . No one was more offended by this than Hispanic-Americans, who are likely to respond by voting for Clinton to such a degree that, if Trump loses, they will have made the difference.
Gary Johnson 
Former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson, running for president on the Libertarian ticket, has positioned himself as the most viable alternative to the two party system given he is on the ballot in all 50 states and that the Libertarian Party is the third largest party in the country. His ad, 'This Is The Year,' emphasizes his independence and honesty.
Johnson's actual libertarian agenda , however, is not necessarily populist. While his opposition to the War on Drugs has earned him many supporters on the left, his free market ideology is pretty extreme. Johnson is pro-TPP, pro-Citizens United/unrestricted money in politics, and against raising the minimum wage and paid family leave. He also opposes free college or really most government social programs.
Gary Johnson's campaign strategy appeared to rest mostly on ballot access and getting into the presidential debates. While he got on the ballot in all 50 states, thanks in large part to libertarian party organizing, he never polled well enough to qualify for the presidential debates and was not included. He has gotten a considerable amount of press exposure, but most of it has been negative due to the press' intractable allegiance and support for Hillary Clinton as well as Johnson's own missteps, which included yelling at reporters and conceding in an interview he did not know what the city of Aleppo, a major battleground in the Syrian Civil War was.
While Johnson was pilloried by the Clinton-backing mainstream corporate media, the New York Times had to issue two corrections about its own smug story lambasting Johnson for his ignorance.
Jill Stein 
Dr. Jill Stein, running for president on the Green Party ticket, appears content that her chances of winning the presidency are non-existent and has set her sights on getting 5% of the national vote. Getting 5% of the vote would qualify the Green Party for presidential matching funds and help the party get automatic balloting in a number of states for the 2020 presidential election.
Stein is, in truth, the only progressive candidate among those polling in the top four and further to the left than Senator Bernie Sanders. She is running on a platform that includes 100% renewable energy by 2030, supporting Black Lives Matter, and making criminal justice reforms, full employment (with government employer as last resort), and a guaranteed living wage, universal single-payer or 'Medicare for all' healthcare, curtailing government electronic surveillance, and ending the American empire.
Stein's plan to pay for it all is as simple as it is radical: massive cuts to the Pentagon budget combined with major tax increases on the rich. While these ideas are pretty standard for a social democratic party in Western Europe, such a program is revolutionary in the United States.
But every revolution has to start somewhere, doesn't it?
So there are your candidates, the election is tomorrow and the day after that, hopefully, is the end of the 2016 cycle. We made it.
The post Election 2016: The Candidates Make Their Closing Arguments appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

At Shadowproof, we believe part of what made the 2016 Presidential Election so agonizing was the endless stream of punditry we were inundated with on a daily basis. Sometimes it masqueraded as valuable analysis and critical journalism. Most often, these pieces were clearly, as author Aldous Huxley might say, excruciating orgasms of self-assertion.
Shadowproof's staff collaborated on this collection of the worst punditry written during the campaign. Many of these individuals deserve the label of hack. They should be forever remembered for compounding the trauma of this election.
Additionally, we know we probably missed some gems that deserve recognition. We would like our readers to submit what they consider to be the worst of the worst, and on Thursday, November 10, we will publish a collection nominated by our readers. Share your picks in the comment section below or send us an email .
DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY Jonathan Chait —'Reminder: Liberalism Is Working, And Marxism Has Always Failed' We won't see a red tide sweep the United States any time soon, but that hasn't kept liberal writers from trying, and failing, to malign leftists. The most energized pundit was Jonathan Chait, writer for New York Magazine. In this piece championing liberalism , Chait took part in what's become a formulaic liberal undertaking: warning of the specter of Marxism or any leftist ideology imbued with even the faintest hint of red.
Arguing liberalism 'works' not only means ignoring its past and present failures, but it also speaks to a deep-seated fear among the liberal commentariat. They are afraid a genuine leftist ideology is enticing to the young and disillusioned. Even Bernie Sanders, as benign and unthreatening as he was, faced a torrent of diatribes for advocating some of the most genial socialist policies, including the right to a 'living wage.' Someday, there will be an independent socialist movement, and it will be truly vindicating. (Roqayah Chamseddine)
Further Reading: ' Oh, Good, It's 2016 And We're Arguing Whether Marxism Works ' 
Courtney Enlow —'An All-Caps Explosion of Feelings Regarding the Liberal Backlash Against Hillary Clinton' Bourgeois feminists invested in the Clinton brand inundated readers with banal fan-fiction dressed up as politics. One of the most superficial justifications for a Hillary Clinton presidency came from one Courtney Enlow who penned an 'all-caps explosion of feelings' for the former Secretary of State. Enlow spends the entire body of her article yelling because 'Hillary cannot yell', so on her behalf she etches out a stream of incoherent complaints in all caps.
'Fuck everything, I'm with her,' Enlow concluded. It might as well be the mantra of every liberal supporter of Clinton. Her article not only neglects to address a single policy issue but it also—intentionally or otherwise—paints all detractors as misogynists, unwilling to pass the torch to a woman, and white, thereby erasing countless people of color who condemned Clinton for actions she's taken, and the policies she's supported throughout her political career. This shallow examination of Clinton as a beer buddy instead of a politician with a direct hand in the material consequences, which impacted innumerable communities, is now normal. This is the way so many dissect political candidates and a preview of what is in store for Americans after Clinton's inauguration. (Roqayah Chamseddine)
Further Reading: ' Hillary Clinton vs. Herself ' by Rebecca Traister 
Max Fisher — 'Is Hillary Clinton really the foreign policy super-hawk she is portrayed to be?' Clinton has a reputation as a hawk. It won her praise during the 2016 election from neoconservatives, who ardently supported President George W. Bush's foreign policy. She supports a no-fly zone in Syria. She was a fierce advocate for regime change against Muammar Gaddafi in Libya after meeting with Westernized Libyan exiles and played a key role in pushing the U.S. government to war. She is a big believer in targeted assassinations with drones. She voted for the Iraq War when she was a senator. Nevertheless, Fisher wrote a piece during the primary intended to undermine all the scrutiny of her foreign policy record.
It was a response to the New York Times profile by Mark Landler on how she became a hawk. Fisher made several distinctions without a difference, suggesting she is 'hawkish on failed states, civil wars, and humanitarian crises; dovish toward adversarial or hostile states.' He penned this marvelous sentence after summarizing her record supporting interventions in Yugoslavia, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, and Syria: 'That is just a large number of wars or military interventions, and it's easy to see why Clinton has been judged as hawkish as a result,' as if the wars just happened to Clinton like bad bouts of the flu and there's nothing much she could do about it. Then, Fisher reasoned it is hard to know what a president will do in terms of foreign policy because it is beyond American control. Except, what Fisher does not get is that America is a massive empire, and the U.S. most certainly has the ability to determine whether pouring gasoline on the fire is the right thing to do. (Kevin Gosztola)
Paul Krugman – 'Plutocrats and Prejudice' Casting Sanders as myopic and money-obsessed was a convenient way for pundits to water down his actual platform, which included demands for universal healthcare and an end to mass incarceration. However, Krugman's argument went beyond that. It joined the trend of weaponizing identity politics and cast Clinton as the candidate, who understood minority communities better even though she once called black people 'super predators.'
Krugman claimed Sanders believes 'money is the root of all evil,' while Clinton believes 'money is the root of some evil, maybe a lot of evil, but it isn't the whole story. Instead, racism, sexism and other forms of prejudice are powerful forces in their own right.' It helped to deflect conversation about Clinton's relationships with Wall Street elites or her support for welfare reform that ravaged communities of color. It also enabled Clinton to respond to critiques of President Barack Obama with suggestions that an angry old white man was trying to hijack the Democratic Party. (Brian Sonenstein)
Further Reading: ' The Pastrami Principle ' 
Amanda Marcotte – 'Let's storm the Sander's he-man women-haters club: Hillary plays the gender card, while Bernie fans rage' It is possible no one put in as much effort to simplify the Democratic Primary contest as a battle of the sexes as Salon's Marcotte . In the early months of the primary, she painted Sanders supporters as an all white and male obstacle to history, and Sanders himself as their belligerent leader intent on denying American women their dream of a potent symbol in the White House.
Clinton Super PAC Correct the Record relished the kind of work Marcotte did because it effectively erased the thousands of young women who had legitimate policy disagreements with Clinton. In this particular piece, she put forth 'evidence' of the gender dynamic by publishing two photos she took of a rally in Iowa. One showed a crowd full of hopeful women of all ages she said were united by their love of Katy Perry and adorned with 'Glitter, unicorns, and Disney princess memorabilia.' Another showed the scraggly crowd of 'cantankerous young men' Sanders attracted. Again, identity politics cleverly distracted from a necessary conversation on the issues and records of the two presidential candidates. (Brian Sonenstein)
Further Reading: ' Why I'm supporting Clinton over Sanders: Liberals don't need a savior but someone who can actually get things done in Washington ' 
Joy Reid – 'Come on, Bernie, Time to Level With Your Dreamers' Like many careerist grifters, Reid supported Hillary Clinton in the primary and tried to undermine any populist progressive movement in the Democratic Party. This particular column was so trollish it needed to be read by gaslight.
Claiming Sanders supporters were part of an 'angry movement' and out of their senses, Reid told Sanders in May, before many primaries occurred, he needed to concede the race and tell his supporters to stop living in an 'alternate reality.' And she further distinguished herself by trying to manipulate Sanders voters into believing their concerns were products of racism and sexism, even though Sanders typically won all younger voters, regardless of race, ethnicity, and gender. (Dan Wright)
Michael Tomasky – 'Get Of My Lawn, Bernie Kids! Why I'm Voting for Hillary Clinton' In the film, 'Gran Torino,' Clint Eastwood shouts at kids to get off his lawn because he struggles with diversity and America as a more inclusive society. For Tomasky, the 'threat' to his 'lawn' was different. It is millennials, who possess an ambitious vision for a better and just world that goes beyond the confines of establishment politics; you know, young people who seek to unravel the messes created and amplified by the failures of Tomasky's generation.
For this column, Tomasky, a 56 year-old white man with a very nice home in suburban Washington, D.C., that could be found on Zillow, haplessly wielded the politics of privilege. It was written in first person and teemed with the kind of self-absorbed narcissism, which was a hallmark of the vote scolding genre of writing so many of us were subjected to during the election. After he was challenged by Sanders supporters, Tomasky copped out and declared, 'I haven't the slightest idea. But none of you Sanders supporters has the slightest idea of what the future holds either.' He went on to mock supporters for being assertive, even though it was his performance that provoked thousands of supporters into understandable outrage. (Kevin Gosztola)
Further Reading: ' An Ode To My Berniebro Trolls ' 
GENERAL ELECTION Jonathan Chait — 'Jill Stein Explains Her Plan To Stop Trump By Electing Him President' A small percentage of U.S. citizens, who voted for Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein, had their votes counted as, can you guess? Votes for Jill Stein. However, there is a genre of liberal punditry that goes back more than a decade. It lectures and berates every citizen, who would dare to vote for a third-party candidate. It says they help Republicans and seeks to blame them for wars, poverty, famine, armageddon—just about anything bad that occurred after voters dared to support another choice than one of the two candidates the capitalist system foisted upon them.
Chait is magnificent at writing these types of asinine columns. Through spectacular misdirection, he maintained Stein believed Clinton will lead to fascism. He ignored the kernel of Stein's remarks that sparked this spittle; in particular, how failure to improve the material conditions of lower and working class Americans fuels right-wing extremism. If anyone needs to demonstrate why our choices get progressively worse each election, they can point to columnists like Chait, who foster this kind of half-baked discourse. (Kevin Gosztola)
Further Reading: ' Ralph Nader Still Refuses To Admit He Elected Bush ' 
Jamie Kirchick – 'Beware the Hillary Clinton-Loathing, Donald Trump-Loving Useful Idiots of the Left' Few screeds backfired on their authors as marvelously as this piece. None of the individuals smeared in the piece actually ever expressed support for Trump. In fact, each of them had records, where they denounced him before Kirchick accused them of being Trump Lovers. Washington Post columnist Greg Sargent reacted , 'Area man willfully confuses refusal to unthinkingly parrot all criticism of Trump with ‘admiration' of him.' On top of that, it brought further controversy to The Daily Beast after it published a story by a straight writer who was outing Olympians as gay. (That egregious piece was removed.)
Kirchick's piece was one of the earlier articulations of the argument that the Kremlin wants Trump to be U.S. president, which now saturates media. He reasoned leftists critical of Clinton 'validated' Trump and so, therefore, they were feeding into the agenda of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. It seems rather boring and uninspired at this point. He and other neoconservatives had it rough during the election because they were no longer relevant, and in order to be relevant, they had to openly identify with the Clinton campaign. Maybe, there's a role for Kirchick in the pundit class under a Clinton presidency. He regularly contributed to the Los Angeles Times over the past months. Or maybe this cretinous drool monger now carries too much of a risk of damaging a media organization's reputation that editors will steer clear of him. (Kevin Gosztola)
Further Reading: ' If Trump wins, a coup isn't impossible here in the U.S. ' 
Eli Lake – 'Now Clinton Knows How Scooter Libby Felt' The failed presidency of George W. Bush left many neoconservatives scrambling to hold onto power and relevance, but neocons like Lake believe they have found the sunny-side up around the Clinton campaign. With Clinton and friends celebrating the support of Iraq war cheerleaders Robert Kagan, Max Boot, and David Frum, it was only a matter of time before someone tried to beat the yoke of the old regime off former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney and convicted felon I. Lewis 'Scooter' Libby.
In his piece, Lake celebrated Libby's reinstatement to the D.C. Bar and feebly tries to compare Clinton's alleged mistreatment by the FBI with Libby's, noting a tangential connection to FBI Director James Comey. Lake claimed Libby was 'tried and convicted in the press before the trial' (and also convicted after the trial). It amounted to a preview of how we can expect neocon pundits to behave under a Clinton presidency. (Dan Wright)
Matt Yglesias — 'Against Transparency' There are hundreds of journalists against transparency, some who are in the closet and some who are very public about their views. Concerned about how the Clinton campaign struggled with coverage of the former secretary of state's emails, Yglesias fully outed himself and advocated for increased restriction on the types of government records that can be released to journalists and the public. He argued emails and other electronic records produced with 'conversational' communication tools should not be subject to the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA).
Yglesias displayed a severe misunderstanding of FOIA and neglected to mention the existence of key privacy exemptions and 'deliberative process privilege.' These are supposed to protect officials so they can have frank conversations that will most likely remain secret. Beyond that, Yglesias's column represented the growing disdain against information that exists among liberal pundits, who seem to believe if these things are secret the right-wing echo chamber will not be able to make Clinton's life miserable. Yet, of course, organizations in this echo chamber will always find something to spin against Clinton. Yglesias knows this, and that made his call to restrict a major tool for government accountability even more dumb. (Kevin Gosztola)
Further Reading: ' The lesson of Hillary's secret speeches is she's exactly who we already knew she was ' 
The post The Worst Takes Of 2016 Election: An Unforgiving Retrospective appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, her network of super political action committees, and the liberal establishment relished a matchup against Donald Trump. However, her campaign failed to put forward an alternative for voters that would combat a candidate that tapped into the vast amount of disillusionment among citizens. Tsunamis of voters unaccounted for in state polls, who do not identify with either the Democratic or Republican Parties, made President Trump a reality.
Clinton's concession speech indicated the campaign and many of its supporters are unwilling to confront the hubris of her presidential run. Yet, citizens, especially those on the left, must in order to find the clarity to move onward with fights for social, economic, racial, and environmental justice.
The Democratic Party rigged parts of the party's primary for Clinton, and it helped stave off a decisive challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders. The senator addressed the material conditions of the working class, including people of color. He warned the Democrats of wealth inequality, destructive free trade agreements, and some of the negative effects of global capitalism on the common man or woman. He connected with disaffected people who the Clinton campaign effectively wrote-off and performed well in states that Clinton lost in the general election.
However, the Democratic Party elites survived and coerced Sanders and his supporters into falling in line at their national convention. The party leadership enforced unity in Philadelphia to make it appear as if all was well when that was not the case.
Most progressive groups, like all presidential elections, demobilized or essentially became mechanisms for the Clinton campaign to mobilize voters from August to Election Day. This allowed the message of 'Never Trump' to dominate as the only challenge to Trump, and without a real vision for lifting up the many Americans enticed by Trump's campaign, the nation ended up with an end result similar to Senator John Kerry's campaign, which ran primarily on the fact that he was not President George W. Bush.
It did not help the Clinton campaign that she had a reputation for supporting regime change wars, which have greatly destabilized parts of the world. Her fingerprints were all over the Libya disaster. She voted for the Iraq War, which created the conditions for the rise of the Islamic State. And, although it is questionable whether Trump really ever opposed the Iraq invasion, he insisted he was against the Iraq War during debates to undermine Clinton and fueled the perception that Clinton was somehow responsible for ISIS. Trump held himself out as someone who would not plunge the country into reckless military engagements.
Clinton's closing argument included the following, 'Is America dark and divisive or helpful and inclusive? Our core values are being tested in this election, but everywhere I go, people are refusing to be defined by fear and division. Look, we all know we've come through some hard economic times, and we've seen some pretty big changes. But I believe in our people. I love this country, and I'm convinced our best days are ahead of us if we reach for them together.'
That may have sounded good in the office of a campaign's headquarters, but there was nothing specific in this buzzword-laden pablum. Multiculturalism does not help anyone pay their mortgage or find a job. As wrong as it is for millions of white Americans to take out their frustrations on people of color, the system failed them and keeps failing them. Additionally, establishment politicians like Clinton wrote off many of these people, believing if they focused on emphasizing diversity they would overcome the painful intertwined realities of class and race in the U.S. They were wrong.
Let us go back to the belief that a candidate like Trump would be perfect for Hillary Clinton. In April 2015, a strategy memo for the DNC was drafted by the campaign two months before Trump announced his candidacy. The goal was to 'make whomever the Republicans nominate unpalatable to a majority of the electorate.'
'Force all Republican candidates to lock themselves into extreme conservative positions that will hurt them in a general election,' the campaign recommended. 'Undermine any credibility/trust Republican presidential candidates have to make inroads to our coalition or independents.'
It advocated against marginalizing 'more extreme candidates.' The campaign wanted to make 'Pied Piper candidates,' like Trump, Senator Ted Cruz, and Ben Carson, into representatives of the Republican Party. 'We need to be elevating the Pied Piper candidates so that they are leaders of the pack and tell the press to [take] them seriously.' (The memo was attached to an email published by WikiLeaks.)
In the same month, Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook pushed for a primary schedule, where the red states held their primaries early. It would increase 'the likelihood the Rs nominate someone extreme.'
Essentially, the Clinton campaign engaged in steps that would help ensure Trump was the Republican presidential nominee. Their acts enabled the rise of Trump, and they lost to the opponent they wanted to face because they made the same mistakes Democrats make time and time again. They clung to failed corporate Democratic policies that have devastated this country for the past two decades, and in some ways, this election can be viewed as a referendum on those policies. And they treated the candidate who had answers for Americans as 'unrealistic,' a 'hapless legislator,' an 'Obama betrayer,' and a socialist independent who was not a real Democrat. As in, he was not one of them, and they did not want him in their club.
* 
On June 26, Sanders warned Democrats what happened with Brexit in Britain could happen. He shared what he saw on the campaign trail. He noted the tens of thousands factories closed over the past 15 years. 'More than 4.8 million well-paid manufacturing jobs have disappeared' as a result of trade agreements. Forty-seven million Americans live in poverty. Millions have no health insurance or are underinsured. Just as many struggle with student debt. 'Frighteningly, millions of poorly educated Americans will have a shorter life span than the previous generation as they succumb to despair, drugs and alcohol.'
'Meanwhile, in our country the top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. Fifty-eight percent of all new income is going to the top 1 percent. Wall Street and billionaires, through their ' super PACs ,' are able to buy elections,' Sanders added.
'On my campaign, I've talked to workers unable to make it on $8 or $9 an hour; retirees struggling to purchase the medicine they need on $9,000 a year of Social Security; young people unable to afford college,' Sanders shared. ' I also visited the American citizens of Puerto Rico, where some 58 percent of the children live in poverty and only a little more than 40 percent of the adult population has a job or is seeking one.' 
It is important to note the Clinton campaign engaged in a calculated act of deception by supporting the Service Employees International Union's 'Fight for 15' while refusing to support a $15 minimum wage. All the states with minimum wage ballot initiatives passed wage increases yesterday. The campaign could have mobilized so more states had this sort of thing on the ballot. The possibility of more economic security may have increased enthusiasm. But the Clinton campaign did no such thing.
'The notion that Donald Trump could benefit from the same forces that gave the Leave proponents a majority in Britain should sound an alarm for the Democratic Party in the United States,' Sanders concluded. 'Millions of American voters, like the Leave supporters, are understandably angry and frustrated by the economic forces that are destroying the middle class.'
'In this pivotal moment, the Democratic Party and a new Democratic president need to make clear that we stand with those who are struggling and who have been left behind. We must create national and global economies that work for all, not just a handful of billionaires.'
Efforts to process what unfolded on Election Day must recognize the warning of Sanders and millions of his supporters went unheeded. Clinton practically ran as an avatar of the billionaire class, albeit a potentially benevolent caretaker of the masses if they just stood with her. Had more in the establishment media and institutions of power taken the time to reflect on what transpired in the Democratic primary, they would have feared the worst and taken more steps to prevent a Trump primary by trying to shift the dynamic of her campaign.
Lest one forget, the Clintons are New Democrats. They aligned with business forces in the early 1990s. They stood with conservative Democrats, who broke with labor, civil rights, and other liberal causes. They pushed the North Atlantic Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). They backed welfare repeal, bills which fueled the rise of mass incarceration, and signed a 1997 budget that slashed millions for social programs like Medicare and Medicaid. They put corporate interests over environmental protections. They encouraged the deregulation of industry, which greatly boosted Wall Street. Altogether, the Clintons enabled the right as it decimated the liberal class and expanded unfettered capitalism. (For more, read Lance Selfa's book, 'The Democrats: A Critical History.')
Finally, the outcome confirms what many expressed months ago. The Democratic Party was willing to do whatever it took to nominate Hillary Clinton, even if it meant working against the very forces behind Bernie Sanders, which could help them succeed against Donald Trump, because the last thing they wanted was a major shift toward more socially democratic policies. Also, Clinton was next in line. Whether voters viewed her as a weak candidate or a dishonest and untrustworthy politician did not matter. They would go to battle for her and gladly lose this war.
The post The Hubris of Democratic Elites, Clinton Campaign Gave Us President Trump appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

American liberals are now living a nightmare they never imagined would come true: a Donald Trump presidency. Not only did Trump win, but he did so after pollsters and pundits forecasted a solid landslide victory in Hillary Clinton's favor.
In their mind, this was not supposed to happen. The glass ceiling should have broken and their cups should have been overflowing in celebration. Instead, many are dumbfounded, unable to comprehend how things could have gone so wrong. As the hours crawled by, Clinton voters took to social media and consoled one another—'it's still too early…she can still take Michigan…this can't happen…' And yet, despite the prophecies of the foremost data pundits, here we are: a Trump presidency, and Republicans in control of both the House and Senate.
This demonstrable failure on the part of the Democratic Party will not be a cause for reevaluation but will be passed on to third party voters, who have long served as their proverbial whipping boy. The corpse of Ralph Nader's 2000 campaign is still unearthed every election season to serve as bogeyman, after all.
Early on, Clinton warmed to right wing ideologues while maligning those on the left pushing for more authentic and progressive policies. Her surrogates boasted of a more efficient platform, mocking her leftist detractors as half-witted and starry-eyed.
The reinvention of Clinton as a cool and relatable pop culture icon who was still 'your abuela' was a wasted effort; her campaign was a theater of pretentious absurdity that alienated those forced to straddle the intersections of race, gender, and poverty, who will face a multitude of struggles whether or not the glass ceiling shattered around them.
Clinton, and those ensnared in the sputtering limelight of her campaign, turned some the most consequential issues—from universal healthcare and police brutality to the prison industrial complex and a living wage—into detached and immaterial concerns.
This staggering loss to a candidate portrayed as both a balmy object of ridicule and a calamitous threat to numerous communities should serve as a moment of clarity, but if things are to remain guided by the reactionary sentiment we've seen expressed so often, then the next few years will push us further towards the edge of the cliff.
There should be no exoneration of the Democratic Party, whose funeral knell should have rung decades ago. The bourgeois liberals who have long enjoyed spreading political fan-fiction instead of mobilizing, who have denounced even the most benign criticism of Clinton as being untimely and lending credence to right wing populism, are frantic. Yet, they still take up spaces across the media landscape that they do not deserve. It is time we make them irrelevant.
As liberals apply for Canadian citizenship and drown their sorrows in bottles of maple syrup, the rest of us must organize. There is no retreating. Mourn if you must, but come hell or high water, we must mobilize.
The post The Left Must Mobilize In The Face Of A Trump Victory appeared first on Shadowproof .
ARTICLE

Last night, Donald Trump soundly won the presidential election and defeated former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Clinton was a problematic candidate from the beginning, and only secured the nomination because she was backed by arrogant party elites. 
Trump's victory was due in no small part to his gains in the so-called rust belt , where he pulled out victories in Ohio, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania (Michigan remains too close to call currently). Trump promised to bring back manufacturing jobs to the region by renegotiating trade deals such as NAFTA. He also called for placing tariffs on foreign goods to discourage unfair competition, such as when foreign countries manipulate their currency. Usually, Trump singles out China for currency manipulation.
It is no surprise that people living in depressed areas, where manufacturing jobs were shipped overseas, found Trump's promise appealing and abandoned the Democratic Party's Wall Street-backed candidate.
But what about the rest of Trump's economic program? According to the Trump campaign's website , Trump will create 25 million new jobs by increasing GDP to 4% each year through the new trade agenda, rolling back federal regulations, repealing Obamacare, and tax reform.
4% would be a massive increase in GDP, which currently hovers around 2% . In a speech before the New York Economic Club, Trump admitted few economists agree that he can reach a 4% annual GDP growth rate, though he labeled that as 'cynicism.' 
Trump has also made late additions to his tax reform plan, which currently includes a new deduction for child care expenses, an initiative spearheaded by Trump's daughter, Ivanka. Also part of the current plan is a 20% tax cut for corporations, from 35% to 15%. Trump correctly notes that corporations rarely actually pay the 35% rate anyway.
The rest of the tax code gets a makeover. Trump plans to take the current seven tax brackets down to three, with the top income tax being 33% and the top capital gains rate being 20%. Lower income Americans will arguably pay more as the lowest income rate will go from 10 to 12% and the overall burden on the wealthy will be reduced by the corporate and income tax cuts.
But more to the point, there is little evidence to support the supply-side contention that lower taxes increase economic growth. For Trump to hit his 4% GDP number, he will have to rely on deregulation, repealing Obamacare, and gains from America First trade policies to drive the largest economy in the world into historically high growth.
The post Trump's Economic Program Set For Rough Reality appeared first on Shadowproof .
ARTICLE

There's no way to sweep this under the rug: the American people have voted to end the empire. The entire imperial apparatus lined up behind former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to become president. Former CIA Director Mike Morrell even publicly endorsed Clinton and called her opponent an 'unwitting agent of the Russian Federation.' 
But it was ultimately Donald Trump who prevailed in the election. Trump spent the entirety of his campaign attacking the foreign policy of George W. Bush and one of its chief advocates, Clinton. First Trump took down former Florida Governor Jeb Bush in the primary by slamming the Iraq War and Jeb's ambivalence surrounding it. Then he used Clinton's support for the Iraq War and regime change in Libya to call her 'trigger happy' and dangerous.
The Clinton campaign struck back saying Trump did not support American exceptionalism, to which Trump responded by essentially agreeing and explained his foreign policy was more realist . Trump said he only endorsed using military force if American interests and security were actually under threat.
Trump's realism and Clinton's history of aggression and interventionist positioning led to a neoconservative exodus from the Republican Party. The neocons uniformly opposed Trump from the beginning and before long they all endorsed Clinton. By election day, almost all of the 2003 Iraq War architects and cheerleaders supported Clinton or at least said they would not vote for Trump.
Robert Kagan, a leading neoconservative and co-founder of The Project For A New American Century, even took a role advising and fundraising for Clinton. He also helped write a foreign policy document with Clinton's likely nominee for secretary of defense Michèle Flournoy called, 'Expanding American Power.' 
Don't understand why people are surprised by neocon support for Hillary against Trump. Many neocons endorsed Clinton in 92. @maxboot 
— (((Jamie Kirchick))) (@jkirchick) February 27, 2016 

In the final debate, Clinton said she would launch an air war against Russia and the Syrian government to establish a No Fly Zone in Syria, then accused Trump of being a 'puppet' of Russian President Vladimir Putin for not supporting it. Trump coolly responded that he thought it would be good for the country and world if America and Russia got along.
The contrast could not have been clearer and the American people made their choice to begin disentangling ourselves from foreign quagmires and focus our energy on our own country.
The post America Votes Against Empire appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

It was rare for poet and singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen to venture into the realm of politics, however, quite a few of his songs, including some of his love songs, were infused with a bleakness that confronted morality and the darkness of humanity. He also wrote a song of hope and possibility about the experiment of democracy in the United States that, perhaps, takes on a new kind of resonance in the wake of the election of Donald Trump.
Cohen was asked in 2014 if songs can offer solutions to political problems. He replied, 'I think the song itself is a kind of solution.'
And so, to pay tribute to a troubadour who died at 82 and whose artistic work only seemed to get better as he aged and his voice grew deeper, here is a retrospective on some of the more philosophical and sociopolitical songs he composed.
'Joan Of Arc' (1971) Cohen declared in an interview for Rolling Stone in 1971, 'Women are really strong. You notice how strong they are? Well, let them take over. Let us be what we're supposed to be – gossips, musicians, wrestlers. The premise being, there can be no free men unless there are free women.' He believed it was just for women to gain control of the world.
With that context, this elegiac narrative takes on greater gravitas. It consists of a dialogue between Joan of Arc and the Fire, as she is burnt at the stake. The women's movement was flourishing at the time, and Cohen saw Joan of Arc as a symbol of courage. Yet, he also recognized she may have been lonely because she had to disguise herself as a male soldier, and he imagined what it was like to fight English domination of France and in her final moments face down the fact that she would never return to what could be considered an ordinary life.
'Dance Me To The End Of Love' (1984) During a CBC radio interview in 1995, Cohen said the song came from 'hearing and reading or knowing that in the death camps' during the Holocaust 'beside the crematoria' the string quartet would be 'pressed into performance' while 'this horror' unfolded. Cohen sings in the opening, 'Dance me to your beauty with a burning violin. Dance me through the panic 'til I'm gathered safely in. Lift me like an olive branch and be my homeward dove.' The song represents an embrace of passionate acts in the face of atrocities and death.
'If It Be Your Will' (1984) This is a truly grim song in which Cohen is probably using the specter of a benevolent oppressor or fascism as a metaphor for the next stage of a relationship. And yet, the lyrics are subtle enough that Cohen may be addressing morality and how easy it is to convince men to carry out heinous acts. He sings, 'All your children here in their rags of light/In our rags of light/All dressed to kill/And end this night/If it be your will.'
'First We Take Manhattan' (1987) The song is about terrorism or militant extremism. It is told from the perspective of an individual who tried to work within the system in order to change it. That failed. Now the individual has taken solace in the 'beauty of his weapons' and turned to Manhattan and to Berlin to make his or her mark.
In a 2007 interview for XM Radio, he said, 'There's something about terrorism that I've always admired. The fact that there are no alibis or no compromises. That position is always very attractive. I don't like it when it's manifested on the physical plane. I don't really enjoy the terrorist activities, but psychic terrorism. I remember there was a great poem by Irving Layton that I once read, I'll give you a paraphrase of it. It was 'well, you guys blow up an occasional airline and kill a few children here and there', he says. 'But our terrorists, Jesus, Freud, Marx, Einstein. The whole world is still quaking.''
What Cohen meant, albeit in a very cynical way, is the philosophies of these people have such a history of being used to justify horrible acts. He never engages with the subject fully (and probably never wanted to do so), but Cohen's song clearly approaches the issue of state-sponsored political violence versus political violence of the individual.
'Everybody Knows' (1988) It is one of the most well-known songs he ever recorded. The wry cynicism diagnoses the realities of a cruel world. In the neoliberal age of austerity, the opening lyrics are exceptionally appropriate, 'Everybody knows that the dice are loaded. Everybody rolls with their fingers crossed. Everybody knows that the war is over. Everybody knows the good guys lost. Everybody knows the fight was fixed. The poor stay poor, the rich get rich. That's how it goes. Everybody knows.'
Cohen sings, 'Everybody knows that you're in trouble.' Those in charge of the social order are indifferent to the pain and suffering of the masses. But are the owners and politicians capable of maintaining control? Because everybody also knows that it is coming apart.
'Democracy (1990) Cohen described in an interview with Paul Zollo that he wrote the song after the Berlin Wall came down. 'Everyone was saying democracy is coming to the east, and I was like that gloomy fellow who always turns up at a party to ruin the orgy or something. And I said, 'I don't think it's going to happen that way. I don't think this is such a good idea. I think a lot of suffering will be the consequence of this wall coming down.''
That seems strikingly backward. But it motivated Cohen to ask, 'Where is democracy really coming?' He thought there may be more democracy coming to the United States. From a love of America, he wrote a song that is really about the irony of America, 'a song of deep intimacy and affirmation of the experiment of democracy in this country.' He added, 'This is really where the experiment is unfolding. This is really where the races confront one another, where the classes, where the genders, where even the sexual orientations confront one another. This is the real laboratory of democracy.'
Given the American exceptionalism of Cohen's statement, he could have easily produced something with lyrics Lee Greenwood would have proudly belted out on stage. However, each time Cohen sings, 'Democracy is coming to the USA,' there is a raw irony it, like he does not believe the forces running this nation are capable of democracy. Then, there's the inimitable line, 'I'm sentimental, if you know what I mean. I love the country but I can't stand the scene.' It makes it clear Cohen was a disappointed idealist. Like so many, he liked the idea of America but seeing it play out on that 'hopeless little screen' was never quite what he had in mind.
'The Future' (1990) For this song, Cohen's character looks into the future, and it is not good at all. It is so frightening, in fact, that he thinks he would be willing to see fascist society restored. 'Give me back the Berlin wall. Give me Stalin and St Paul. Give me Christ or give me Hiroshima.'
The song hurdles onward into more nostalgia for familiar horror, 'Destroy another fetus now. We don't like children anyhow. I've seen the future, baby: it is murder.' He has no hope that humanity can right itself. Civilization can try and erect a social order with a tyrant or it can unravel tyranny and push for something more just. Yet, inevitably, to Cohen's character, there will be murder. In which case, what really is the right thing to do?
'On That Day' (2004) Cohen wrote this as a response to the September 11th attacks. It is an artifact that represents reactions to what happened. He sings, 'Some people say it's what we deserve for sins against god, for crimes in the world.' There are others who blame it on the fact that women live 'unveiled' or because the country has its fortunes as well as people who are subjugated. Whatever the case may be, Cohen does not seek to settle the discussion. Rather, he seems more interested in whether those who survived were able to press onward. So he poses a rhetorical question: 'Did you go crazy or did you report on that day?' Then the song abruptly ends.
'Amen' (2012) This song comes from the latter era of Cohen's life, where the sultry nature of his music took on a much more wistful and brooding characteristic. He wrote about love but love in a time of war or love with inescapable horror all around.
In 'Amen,' the character Cohen channels desperately wants to love. He must first see through the terror around him. He does not think he can love until the 'victims are singing and laws of remorse are restored.' He does not think he can love until the 'day has been ransomed and night has no right to begin.' He awaits some kind of redemption and only then will he be able to feel wanted again, but there is too much despair and destruction right now for the character to indulge in pleasure.
'Almost Like the Blues' (2014) We live in a world of permanent war, and so, in this gorgeously layered piece of music, Cohen grapples with atrocities he witnessed. 'I saw some people starving. There was murder, there was rape. Their villages were burning. They were trying to escape. I couldn't meet their glances. I was staring at my shoes. It was acid. It was tragic. It was almost like the blues.'
Few of Cohen's songs are as profound. The song, which appears on 'Popular Problems,' could easily be grappling with what goes through the minds of war criminals. He sings, 'I have to die a little between each murderous thought, and when I'm finished thinking, I have to die a lot.' The soldier witnesses torture or is party to it. He witnesses killing or is party to it. 'And there's all my bad reviews.' It seems his superiors are unhappy with his performance. Maybe, they do not think he is killing enough. Whatever the case may be, he has lost his grip on morality entirely and finds himself confronting the scope of his sins.
'A Street' (2014) To Cohen, 'Popular Problems' was all about dealing with defeat . He told the Telegraph the lyrics were about facing down failure, disappointment, bewilderment—especially the 'dark forces that modify our lives.' What is a person to do?
'Recognize that your struggle and your suffering is the same as everyone else's,' Cohen suggested. 'I think that's the beginning of a responsible life. Otherwise, we are in a continual savage battle with each other with no possible solution, political, social, or spiritual.'
While referring to 'A Street,' which is about a faltering romance during war, he added, 'When I say 'the party's over but I've landed on my feet . I'm standing on this corner where there used to be a street,' I think that's probably the theme of the whole album. Yeah, the scene is blown up, but you just can't keep lamenting the fact. There is another position. You have to stand in that place where there used to be a street and conduct yourself as if there still is a street.'
In a very basic sense, the master of romantic despair, the high priest of pathos, has now gone up to that Tower of Song, meant people have to find ways to keep living. They have to exist, and by existing, that is in and of itself an act of resistance to all the depravity that unfolds around them.
The post The Political Songs Of Leonard Cohen appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

When the liberal class heard news media report Donald Trump won the Electoral College vote, numerous people experienced meltdowns that involved blaming anyone and everyone but Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. In particular, Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein was one of the targets, even though the math did not point to Stein as a culprit for the outcome. 
MSNBC's Rachel Maddow wailed, 'If you vote for somebody who can't win for president, it means that you don't care who wins for president.' It not only displayed the prejudice many liberals have against allowing more choices and more voices in presidential elections, but it also exemplified a denial among liberal pundits. They reflexively lashed out at Stein or Bernie Sanders in order to ignore their failure to recognize how Trump had a strong chance all along to win because voters were fed up with the neoliberal economic policies of Democrats. 
For this week's 'Unauthorized Disclosure,' the show returns with an interview with Jill Stein. She highlights what her campaign managed to accomplish. She looks back on smears she faced, such as the idea that she was anti-vaccine and says she views it as a 'sign of the media's weakness and also their fear and our strength.' Then, she shares how she was never confident Clinton would win the election and addresses the denial among Democrats, who do not want to confront the reality of what happened. She also lists off a number of initiatives and efforts she plans to help support in the aftermath of the election.
The episode continues with an equally important interview with journalist Andy Worthington, who is one of the co-founders of the 'Close Guantanamo' campaign. He regularly covers the Guantanamo Bay military prison, and we discuss the future of Guantanamo now that Trump is the president-elect. He also is a musician, who wrote a song about closing Guantanamo. We play part of it on the show. And, finally, Worthington is from the United Kingdom so we discuss the rise of far-right forces in both the United States and the UK. 
Co-host Rania Khalek is in Lebanon. She currently plans to return to the show next week. 
The latest episode is available on iTunes. To listen to the episode (and also to download the episode), go here. A page will load with the audio file of the interview that will automatically play.

*
Below is a partial edited transcript of the interview with Jill Stein: GOSZTOLA: What did you manage to accomplish as a Green Party presidential candidate in this election that other previous Green Party presidential campaigns did not manage to accomplish? I noticed you managed to break into the establishment media in a way that had not been achieved in 2012. Did you feel that way?
STEIN: Yes, but it was like the door was just barely cracked open. When you look at the numbers, we got something like three seconds of primetime network TV for I think it's like 1700 minutes that Donald Trump got. Or to put it a different way, Donald Trump got about 35,000 times as much free airtime on mainstream media. Hillary got something like 20,000 times as much. So, it was good. It was an improvement compared to prior campaigns. 
Clearly, nowhere where near where we need to go. It was a beginning, and I think the consequence of that is that we earned three times as many votes as we earned in the past election. That is, in 2012 itself doubled our count from the prior election. I think the overall result of this election, which is basically a very dangerous and discouraging outcome, that is with the victory of Donald Trump. I think in a way that reflects how much this system is ready to change, and we can talk about that more later. But to my mind that's a big victory in and of itself. 
There's going to be a huge amount of buyer's remorse out there, as Trump's base—which wasn't for Trump nearly as much as it was against Clinton and the Democrats—But as that base wakes up to the really awful reality of what Donald Trump will mean for their communities, their schools, their jobs, our economy, our climate, etc. As that group wakes up, it creates enormous momentum for change and enormous potential for change.
To my mind, really one of the most important outcomes is that we are on the threshold. It is kind of a perfect storm for organizing right now. Not something would have wished for in their right mind, but that is what we have. And in addition, let me just say I think people are really in despair at the voting system that forced them to choose between a militarist and a neofascist, and what kind of a choice is that? So, it is a voting system in which people were voting against the person they hated the most or the person they feared the most, and it gives us a really awful outcome. 
This is the time for us to seriously consider voting reforms, and in particular, ranked choice voting is the alternative. We don't have to search for it. It is already in effect in cities all over the country. The state of Maine passed this with very strong Green Party leadership and support. It's now implemented for all state and federal elections now in the state of Maine, which is really exciting because this is a model that we can follow in other states now. 
Let me mention a couple of other successes: that we now have automatic ballot access. Because of the vote count that we received in many states and new Green Party registrations, we will have automatic ballot access in many states. 
With strong Green support and leadership, marijuana legalization was passed in three states—California, Massachusetts, and Nevada, and in several others as medical marijuana. Some very important Green-backed and led citizen initiatives were passed at the state level in California and in Washington state that basically repeal the underpinnings of Citizens United . Or, I should say they call for a constitutional amendment, which will take away the false legal arguments on behalf of Citizens United . That is the idea that money equals speech and therefore unlimited amounts of money can be poured into our election system and hijack it. So that's a very positive development. There are a number of positive developments. 
One other area I think that for me is especially exciting is that we really established strong alliances with social movements in this campaign, and in particular, with people who are the very powerful spokes men and women for those movements. And that includes solidarity with the Standing Rock movement, having been the only presidential candidate to go there and to actually participate in civil disobedience along with these indigenous leaders. With the Black Lives Matter campaign, and in particular, we were present in Baton Rouge at the flooding. We participated in many of the protests against police violence, marched with the mothers, so-called Million Moms March in Washington, DC. You know, stood strong with the Muslim community. 
There are many initiatives that are going full tilt now as we come out of this race. That includes the fight against student debt, having been the only campaign to call for actually bailing out the students. Grassroots libertarians as well. There are many grassroots libertarians that share with us the excitement about pushing forward ranked choice voting so we can actually bring our values into our voting system and open up the elections to more voices and more choices. 
Finally, the election debate commission, which 75 percent of voters were screaming to open it up to the other two candidates, that is to Gary Johnson and myself. We'll be working with voters of all stripes but also with many of the grassroots libertarians. So there's just really exciting initiatives and momentums that are ready to go now. 
*** 
GOSZTOLA: I'd like to conclude with the critical question related to the amazing collapse that people are witnessing right now within the Democratic Party and the complete denial on their part. Many people who were friendly to the Clinton campaign and worked for the press or are part of Clinton's campaign are blaming Sanders for 'poisoning' the minds of millennial voters and that's perhaps why Hillary Clinton was unable to defeat Donald Trump. But it seems that we've had this huge rejection of neoliberalism and all of the different policies connected and I'd like to know from you—Since you went around campaigning in the United States, did you get the sense while campaigning that the Clinton campaign was going to be trounced by Donald Trump? 
STEIN: We certainly over the past year saw enormous anguish, suffering, misery, resentment against the Democratic Party. I, myself, while the polls were often misleading—I, myself, never had confidence that Hillary Clinton was going to win. I think that was an expectation I shared, but I've just seen so many completely unpredictable outcomes to have taken any kind of assurance from the misleading polls about that. 
I have to say from my point of view I've really seen a system in meltdown. And I say this as a medical doctor, having seen the healthcare system collapse, having seen the incredible misery that people are in, having seen jobless and under employment. And especially the misery of an entire generation that is really locked into hopelessness right now without decent jobs, without the ability to get out of college debt, without the ability to have their own place, without the ability to start a family and have kids, really having been denied the essence of reproductive freedom. This is a generation that cannot have a family. It's just staggering with few exceptions, but many people are being denied that now. 
And then, having to deal with the climate catastrophe that's barreling down on us. I think in this election the veil was lifted from this catastrophic system, which is unraveling on all quarters; now in the political realm. But it's been clear that this has been a house of cards for quite some time, and whether it was going to be a Donald Trump and a victory of Republicans or whether it would be some other form of outright revolt, it wasn't clear. It's been obvious that this has been a sick and corrupted system. There was no way that something good was going to come out of this. 
So a lot of people, myself included, were braced for something terrible, and whether it was Hillary Clinton's victory, which would have been awful in its own way, in a much subtler way but still a disaster for us and our future. Or whether it was a Trump victory or something else, I think many of us had been bracing for this catastrophe for the communities of color that have lived under oppression for 500 years. 
What's happening now is not altogether new. It is indeed a disaster. It is particularly a disaster for the LGBTQ community, for many immigrants who are living in fear, for people of color, and there are many informal reports now of people being subjected to more abuse and harassment on all quarters and of many suicides in the trans community. This is a really regrettable and vile outcome of a very sick and corrupted system, which must be more than reformed. We need more than ever now a peaceful nonviolent revolution, a transformation, and we have the capacity to do that now. 
When we're divided into a thousand separate movements each based on our own identity or our own biggest need, we are divided and conquered. But now so many people are being absolutely slammed across the spectrum of justice, it creates a potential for a very powerful coalition. This is a coalition that we have seen in the making for quite some time. I want to mention along those lines that there is a political coalition called Left Elect, which brings together the many small parties of resistance and that we will be having a conference this spring. I believe it's in March this year. Again, stay tuned through Jill2016.com or through our social media, @DrJillStein. We'll keep you posted. 
I think it is a very positive sign that so many from the Bernie campaign woke up the minute Bernie endorsed Hillary, and the floodgates opened into our campaign. I think this has a lot to do with why our vote numbers tripled, why we are growing Green Party chapters all over the country, where the party had really gone into dormancy. It's now awake and alive and kicking all across the country. 
We can transform this breaking point that we're at into the tipping point that we need to take back our future and make it healthy, just, green, and democratic. We will be continuing by the way to do our livestreams with the incredible spokespeople and with grassroots leadership. Yesterday, we streamed with Andrea Merida, one of the co-chairs of the Green Party who just came back from a week at Standing Rock. We will be continuing to live stream from the front lines, from the real sites of inspiration and action around the country. So I urge you to join us, to be a part of this unstoppable team, and for us to continue to reject the efforts the Democrats, still, to blame everybody else but themselves for this catastrophe. 
Remember, they themselves, as revealed by the WikiLeaks emails, they lifted up Donald Trump, helped the media to take him seriously, gave him credibility, lifted him up as part of this so-called Pied Piper candidates that they were promoting in order to make Hillary Clinton's task easier. They brought this on themselves with the horrific policies that Bill Clinton, in fact, signed and Hillary Clinton supported—NAFTA, Wall Street deregulation, the crime bill that opened the door to mass incarceration, particularly to people of color. And, indeed, they opened the door to the attack on immigrants with the Clinton anti-immigrant bill of the 1990s, and it is indeed, while Republicans of hate and fear against immigrants, Democrats are the party of deportations, detentions, and night raids. 
I say it's time to leave them both behind. Let's reject this lesser evil and the greater evil. Let's fight for the greater good like our lives depend on it because they do. We can do that knowing that, in fact, when we stand together, we not only have the vision, the values, and the solution. We have the numbers that we need to take our future back, and make it work—an America that works for all of us and a world that works for all of us. The power to do that is still in our hands. 
The post Interview: Green Party Presidential Candidate Jill Stein On Clinton's Loss To Trump appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Last Wednesday, many Americans were shocked when they woke up to the news that Donald Trump was elected president the day before. Some of that surprise was undoubtedly the result of trusting that the mainstream media was providing fair and accurate coverage of Trump and Clinton's election prospects. As it turns out, that trust was seriously misplaced.
The Washington Post, CNN, MSNBC, and all the network news stations had repeatedly asserted that Clinton was almost certainly going to win, but it was The New York Times, the country's paper of record, that openly declared it would not provide fair coverage to Trump.
In a now infamous piece, New York Times media reporter Jim Rutenberg explained that Donald Trump was such an 'abnormal and potentially dangerous candidate' that the normal standards of journalism at the Times could not be applied.
Dean Baquet, executive editor of The New York Times, agreed with Rutenberg's assessment, saying the Times changed its journalistic standards and ended the paper's internal-struggle over outright attacking candidates as liars thanks to Trump. 
While it was nice to see the Times finally acknowledge it is not an objective source of information, the Times' pro-Clinton bias made it (and the rest of the mainstream media) completely ignore the evidence around the depth of Trump's support. Now, the paper of record looks completely out of touch and incapable of understanding the country it is the paper of record for.
In the wake of the Times' embarrassing failure, the paper's publisher and Baquet wrote a letter to their readers. Calling the election 'erratic and unpredictable,' they admitted they blew it and said that they will 'rededicate ourselves to the fundamental mission of Times journalism.'
Rutenberg had his own mea culpa, where he recognized mainstream media journalists were out of touch with reality and that the results of the election proved 'something was fundamentally broken in journalism.' 
While it is true that polling played a large role in the mainstream media failure—one disgraced pollster even ate a bug live on CNN as penance—some of the polling was not that far off. Plenty of polling firms like those working with the LA Times and International Business Times had the race within the margin of error (sometimes with Trump ahead) and even the much maligned Nate Silver gave Trump a 30% chance.
The real reason the mainstream media face-planted on the election coverage is because they were trying to have it both ways, supporting their preferred candidate through their coverage, while also claiming to have the one true understanding of the race (which, surprise, helped their preferred candidate). They are the establishment, with all its flaws and purported virtues, but are unwilling to face that truth or allow it to permeate their awareness.
Or, they were simply running a gaslighting campaign on their readers and viewers to goad them into thinking supporting Trump was hopeless, which failed because fewer and fewer people trust them. 
Either way, if the Times and the mainstream media have any hope of regaining their credibility, they have to come clean about their own agenda. Transparency, not the false promise of objectivity, is the real standard for journalism.
The post New York Times To 'Rededicate' Itself To Journalism After Election Fail appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

As protests against Donald Trump and an imminent presidential administration enter a sixth day, politicians, lobbyists, bureaucrats, and other officials are primarily concerned about the continuity of government. Those inside the Beltway aim to normalize the specter of a Trump presidency, even though a number of them recognized Trump as dangerous months ago. But now, while a seedy cast of characters congeals around Trump to form the administration that will run the United States, resistance has the most potential to discourage and undermine Trump before his administration enacts some of the worst parts of his agenda.
President Barack Obama's administration expanded and institutionalized several powers, especially related to national security, which will make it easier for Trump to impose his authority domestically and internationally. Those now-entrenched powers fuel much of the panic among the progressive establishment, and because Obama faced minimal challenge, dire threats exist.
Aware of the discontent with Trump's victory, Obama remarked the day after Election Day, 'We have to remember that we're actually all on one team. This is an intramural scrimmage. We're not Democrats first. We're not Republicans first. We are Americans first. We're patriots first. We all want what's best for this country.'
'Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead,' Clinton declared during her concession speech. She also stated, 'Our constitutional democracy enshrines the peaceful transfer of power, and we don't just respect that. We cherish it.'
Only a few months ago Clinton argued Trump could not be trusted to make 'life-or-death decisions' because he is 'thin-skinned' and quick to get angry when facing even the 'smallest criticism.' She invited voters to imagine what apocalyptic event might transpire if he had his 'finger anywhere near the button,' a clear reference to nuclear weapons. She maintained a Trump presidency would 'embolden' the Islamic State. She suggested he would start a 'trade war' with China, and his plans would create $30 trillion of debt. She said it mattered Trump 'makes fun of disabled people, calls women pigs, proposes banning an entire religion [Islam]' from the country,' and 'plays coy with white supremacists.'
Not only that, Clinton aggressively pushed the idea that Trump worships Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, has a network of advisers with ties to the Kremlin and business assets linked to Russian oligarchs, encouraged Russia to interfere with the U.S. election to help elect him, and his foreign policy will be everything on Putin's 'wish list.'
Along the same lines, Obama previously suggested Trump's rhetoric helped the Islamic State carry out its agenda. Obama also stated, 'If somebody can't handle a Twitter account, they can't handle the nuclear codes.'
Let's get this straight: Trump is a Kremlin agent and temperamentally unfit businessman, who traffics in bigotry, racism, and hate, that will make Americans less safe and possibly even commit a rash act that leads to nuclear armageddon. But we need to remember we're all on the same 'team' and have an 'open mind' about Trump. Give a man with all the characteristics of a tyrant a 'chance to lead.'
This is the problem with New Democrats, like Obama and Clinton. Their political identity is defined by bipartisanship and compromise.
President Bill Clinton and Vice President Al Gore were part of the rise of New Democrats in the early 1990s. They stood with conservative Democrats, who broke with labor, civil rights, and other liberal causes. They pushed the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). They backed welfare repeal, bills which fueled the rise of mass incarceration, and signed a 1997 budget that slashed millions for social programs like Medicare and Medicaid. They put corporate interests over environmental protections. They encouraged the deregulation of industry, which greatly boosted Wall Street. Altogether, the Clintons enabled the right and worked with conservatives as unfettered capitalism expanded and the liberal class was further decimated. (For more, read Lance Selfa's book, 'The Democrats: A Critical History.')
The danger of this kind of bipartisanship is further exemplified by the fact that Obama refused to prosecute officials in President George W. Bush's administration for torture. He clung to the wrongful notion that his administration had to move forward without looking backward. Now, Trump may push for pro-torture former CIA official Jose Rodriguez, who destroyed videotapes documenting torture, to be CIA director, and Rodriguez could run the CIA and reinstitute torture policies because he never was held accountable. In fact, he was able to write a book and go on a speaking tour defending his role in torturing captives in the 'War on Terrorism.'
In addition to impunity for torture, the failure of liberals to challenge Obama means Trump will have a targeted assassination program and flying killer robots to kill any terrorism suspect or enemies he puts on either of the kill lists established by Obama. He will have a massive global surveillance apparatus, which NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden exposed to the world, that remains more powerful than ever in spite of a few minor reforms. He will have structures in place to build on Obama's record number of deportation of immigrants. More than 2.5 million were deported, and this is why Trump can confidently plan to deport millions of immigrants during his presidency.
Democrats and their liberal supporters have allowed for the development of a body of law that allows the Justice Department to prosecute whistleblowers with the Espionage Act and treat them as spies. The crackdown on truth-tellers also enables the government to snoop on the communications of reporters and even threaten journalists with jail time so they reveal whether their source was someone who disclosed information without authorization. Plenty of people in institutions will want to blow the whistle on Trump, and Trump will use the blueprints for controlling the flow information that Obama designed to guide his administration.
As journalist Branko Marcetic wrote for Jacobin, Trump will have 'boundless and unchecked ability to start wars.' Obama repeatedly stretched the Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) in order to 'attack ISIS in Iraq, Libya, and Syria, declaring the group an 'associated force.' Without any formal declaration of war, the United States currently has ground troops in all three of those countries — thousands , in the case of Iraq.' Obama also pursued an illegal war in Libya that turned into a major disaster.
The era when J. Edgar Hoover ran the FBI was a dark chapter when activists, journalists, and citizens were targeted for their political associations and ties to groups or organizations put on enemies' lists. Politicians in the 1970s reacted to revelations of abuse of power with hearings aimed at reversing this trend toward authoritarianism. But in recent decades, the Democrats have displayed little concern for how power is abused. They fully embrace the FBI, which still keeps tabs on political activists and has infiltrated and targeted Muslim Americans in their communities.
It must also be be kept in mind that Obama passed the National Defense Authorization Act, which contains a provision that enables the indefinite detention of individuals. Despite a lawsuit against this part of the law, which did not succeed, it remains in force under Trump unless Obama rolls it back.
Aside from executive power, Trump does not find climate change to be a real and actual serious threat. Obama and the Democrats have had several grand opportunities, especially when faced with the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipeline projects, to take a stand on fossil fuel extraction. Democrats were encouraged by individuals appointed by Bernie Sanders to include language in the party platform that called for fossil fuel reserves to be kept in the ground . Clinton Democrats and Democratic National Committee appointees opposed protecting the planet, and now Trump can help TransCanada complete the Keystone XL pipeline and cheer Dakota Access, as it colonizes and further destroys indigenous land while contributing to climate change.
It did not take long for Trump to show how tolerant he will be of dissent. He tweeted, 'Just had a very, open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters incited by media are protesting. Very unfair.' This is what an autocrat says to justify cracking down on freedom of expression.
One does not respond to a political moment by calling for unity, like Obama did. It is not the time to beg Trump to include Democrats in his agenda. There is no need for phony praise of Trump's 'respect' for institutions or the 'rule of law,' whatever that means. And yet, Obama addressed this moment with a convoluted sports metaphor.
'I think of this job as being a relay runner—you take the baton, you run your best race, and hopefully, by the time you hand it off you're a little further ahead, you've made a little progress,' Obama declared. 'And I can say that we've done that, and I want to make sure that handoff is well-executed, because ultimately we're all on the same team.'
Obama, who was complicit in the expansion of power that Trump will be able to enjoy, may see himself as on the same team. However, many Americans and people outside the U.S. face threats to their freedom and lives because the president worked to make dangerous policies part of a bipartisan consensus. Therefore, the appropriate response to what lies ahead is constant protest, especially since a lack of opposition leaves a vacuum that Trump forces may regard as consent or acquiescence to their perilous plans.
The post The Complicity Of Obama, Democrats Set Stage For Dangerous Trump Presidency appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Perhaps, you have not heard of Kurt Eichenwald. He is a Vanity Fair contributing editor and Newsweek senior writer. He has around 182,000 followers on Twitter. Many of the messages sent from his account receive hundreds if not thousands of retweets. He has influence so that is why I am taking the time to say what Eichenwald will not write. And that is go fuck yourself.
Why should Eichenwald go fuck himself? Does Eichenwald deserve to be told to do this? Or am I, as people commonly say when met with profanity, better than that? Let's see.
Eichenwald published a nearly 3,000-word screed centered on an encounter in the Philadelphia International Airport with someone who said they were a fan of his work. In fact, as Eichenwald admits, he almost assaulted this person.
The man recognized him from a news program. According to Eichenwald, the man thanked him for his reporting on Donald Trump. He expressed outrage that Trump won and added, 'Get back to work.' Eichenwald apparently lacks the ability to engage in basic social interactions with those who say they are his fans because he thought he detected a bit of 'arrogance.' So, he asked who the man voted for.
Instead of telling Eichenwald it was none of his damn business, the fan was friendly. He said he voted for Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein. A gasket blew inside Eichenwald. He interrupted his fan and said, 'You're lucky it's illegal for me to punch you in the face.' He told his fan to go fuck himself (although Newsweek and/or Eichenwald apparently do not want to print it so the column says he told the fan to 'have sex with himself').
Eichenwald bashes Stein and Bernie Sanders supporters and blames them for spreading 'conspiracy theories' that helped cost Democrats the election. The entire column is a toxic slab of slime with a level of contempt and hostility that is staggering, given that he centers it on someone who claimed to be a fan of his work. One can only imagine what he would have done if that person said they were not a fan but tried to talk to him.
This is absolutely the wrong reaction to the outcome of the election, however, it is the culmination of the worst genre of reporting and writing pumped out to the masses and popularized in the last year: vote shaming.
Journalists like Kurt Eichenwald feel it is their place to shame voters for their choices and tell them what to do. At the same time, trust in journalists, who work for mass media, is at a historic low. Is it any wonder why people trying to navigate a broken and corrupt electoral system that only gives them two choices every four years do not have confidence in the press, which elevates people who will attack them for refusing to fall in line?
'Shut the Hell Up' Eichenwald goes off on a 'certain kind of liberal' he cannot stand, the kind that preens about their 'narcissistic purity as they cast their ballot for a person they know cannot win.' This is truly rich coming from someone, who is a contributing editor for a magazine with a synonym for narcissism in its name, and who updates his followers on what he is doing with his stocks and uses his Twitter to prattle on and on about himself. The post does not address the substance of the so-called myths until about 1,000 words after he calls more attention to the struggle he endured trying to diligently write about Trump for the past months.
In blunt terms, Eichenwald states, 'I have no problem with anyone who voted for Trump, because they wanted a Trump presidency. I have an enormous problem with anyone who voted for Trump or Stein or Johnson—or who didn't vote at all—and who now expresses horror about the outcome of this election. If you don't like the consequences of your own actions, shut the hell up.'
Eichenwald acts like he performed a public service, and without him, the electorate never would have been able to tell the difference between Clinton and Trump. He somewhat contradicts his demand to shut the hell up, too.
'If they supported Trump or truly didn't care who won after acquiring a real understanding of both candidates' positions—rather than spouting some self-indulgent, bumper-sticker logic—I have no complaints,' Eichenwald asserts. 'If they opposed Trump while refusing to do what they could to keep him out of office—that is, vote for the only other candidate who could win —then they need to go perform sex with themselves. And I mean that in much cruder terms.'
Which brings us back to the basic idea that Eichenwald should go fuck himself. And I can print that without writing it out in some censored form so I can later pat myself on the back for maintaining some semblance of civility.
Stein Voters Could Not Have Helped Clinton Win If They Were 'With Her' During election night, Carl Bialik of FiveThirtyEight.com reported , 'As of current vote counts, the number of voters who cast ballots for candidates other than Clinton and Trump exceeds Trump's winning margin — or lead, in races that haven't yet been called — in many important states, including Arizona, Florida, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. But don't pin Trump's win on those voters who eschewed the two major candidates. Not all of them would have voted for Clinton had they been forced to choose only between her and Trump. And some might not have voted at all. Far more Democrats in Florida in 2000 voted for George W. Bush than voted for Ralph Nader.'
Nate Cohn of the New York Times even said Stein is not responsible for Clinton's defeat.
Trump earned a sizable chunk of votes from Obama voters. Bialik reported on November 11, 'A smaller share of eligible voters cast ballots in 2016 than in either of the previous two presidential elections,' and it was lower in states that went for Clinton.
This is probably the case because the Clinton campaign did not craft a message geared toward winning white working class or white middle class voters. She did not make overhauling free trade agreements a cornerstone of her campaign, and that hurt her in states like Michigan . It also could be that the Clintons represent something in establishment politics that millions of Americans felt they needed to reject.
However, Eichenwald is so enraged by the self-determination of voters—citizens who would vote for candidates on the ballot that the system intentionally tries to suffocate—that he insists the reason Clinton lost is because liberal Democrats are 'consumed by provably false conspiracy theories.'
Oh Boy! Someone Gave Eichenwald A Peek at a 'Republican Playbook' Against Sanders The 'conspiracy theories' liberal Democrats (i.e. Sanders supporters) 'believe' is the Democratic National Committee is an 'all-powerful' entity that rigged the election against Sanders and Sanders would have won against Trump.
Eichenwald maintains 'Sanders had not yet faced a real campaign against him' so he would not be able to win. By the end of May, the Clinton campaign had misrepresented Sanders' role in the civil rights movement, accused Sanders of attacking President Obama for being 'weak,' disingenuously claimed Sanders's plan for single-payer healthcare would 'dismantle Obamacare' to scare voters, and suggested the Sanders campaign planned to commit voter fraud in Iowa, allowed 'Bernie Bros' to spread 'vicious lies and sexism,' and sided with right-wing Republicans against immigration reform.
The campaign also dishonestly attacked him as a supporter of anti-immigrant Minutemen vigilantes, had a surrogate grotesquely claims Sanders's wife, Jane, palled around with Sheriff Joe Arpaio, insisted Sanders supported the indefinite detention of immigrants, fabricated attacks on him for supposedly voting against the auto bailout, and pushed the inaccurate idea that he supported market deregulation in 2000. They also went after him for being a 'single issue' candidate and pushed the notion that he ran for Democrat just to get 'media attention' for himself, like he was an egomaniac.
At a Univision debate in March, a video clip of Sanders praising Cuban leader Fidel Castro was played. Clinton attacked Sanders over his remarks and used Cuban exiles in Florida to attack him for opposing U.S. imperialism in Cuba.
Despite all of those attacks, Sanders still appeared to do better than Trump in the polls and was ahead of Trump in a few state polls, where Clinton was behind Trump.
What's most incredible about Eichenwald going off on Sanders supporters for 'conspiracy theories' is the fact that he peddles and fabricates conspiracy theories in his work. For example, he published an entire piece claiming NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden acted as a Chinese spy because he told the Washington Post to publish documents on the same day the U.S. had a meeting with China about surveillance. He also pushed propaganda that Snowden left all the documents in Hong Kong.
Eichenwald claims to have seen the 'Republican playbook' for attacks on Sanders. They bear a striking similarity to attacks already pushed out to the public. Sanders was asked about a rape fantasy essay he wrote when he appeared on 'Late Night with Seth Meyers.' He said, 'It was bad fiction. I learned my lesson.' The Sanders campaign told the Washington Post it was a 'dumb attempt at dark satire intended to attack gender stereotypes in the 1970s, and it looks as stupid today as it was then.'
That Sanders 'sponsored a bill to ship Vermont's nuclear waste to a poor Hispanic community in Texas, where it could be dumped,' was an attack pushed by the David Brock-funded Blue Nation Review , and it was part of a viral graphic fact-checked by PolitiFact in September 2015. PolitiFact deemed it ' largely accurate .'
Republicans may have enjoyed attacking him for his sympathy to the Sandinistas in Nicaragua, but Clinton tried the attack on him for his comments on Castro and that did not gain much traction outside Cuban exile communities in Florida. Simply, that kind of attack that hearkens back to the days of Ronald Reagan does not have much currency with the electorate these days.
A lot of these attacks Republicans planned to deploy were already peddled by Clinton. In that regard, whether they would have been effective is highly questionable.
The next fan who encounters Eichenwald should probably run into him and knock his coffee over so it lightly burns his crotch because this sentiment is vile:
When Sanders promoted free college tuition—a primary part of his platform that attracted young people—that didn't mean much for almost half of all Democrats, who don't attend—or even plan to attend—plan to attend a secondary school. In fact, Sanders was basically telling the working poor and middle class who never planned to go beyond high school that college students—the people with even greater opportunities in life—were at the top of his priority list.
Asshole, they do not plan to go to college because they cannot afford it. He pushed for free college tuition so poor, working class, and middle class Americans could go to college without graduating in an ocean of debt. Once more, go fuck yourself, Kurt Eichenwald!
Eichenwald is oblivious to the fact that Democrats may have deployed these Republican attacks or perhaps he does not care. Sanders supporters on Twitter have sent messages directed at him suggesting Sanders would have beat Trump and that is enough to piss him off and lead to this awful excuse for a political rant.
Of Course The DNC Should Have Backed Clinton Before Primary Ended Turning to the other myth, Eichenwald argues it was 'stupid' for anyone to believe the Democratic National Committee had rigged the Democratic primary. He maintains that they do not have the power to do such a thing.
Eichenwald cleverly crafts a frame that makes it easy to obscure political corruption that upset voters. What really happened is the DNC was a captive of the Clinton campaign that did everything the Clinton campaign wanted to serve its needs, even if that meant Sanders was put at a disadvantag e.
The DNC and Clinton campaign falsely accused the Sanders campaign of 'stealing' voter file data. The Hillary Victory Fund funneled millions of dollars through state parties to the DNC. Democratic women supporting Sanders faced forms of retaliation .
Nearly half of superdelegates in the Democratic establishment lined up to support Clinton by July 2015, before a single vote was cast in a primary.
Now, Eichenwald makes a big to-do about the allegations that the debates were rigged without bothering to specifically mention the contents of a memo written by Clinton campaign chief administrative officer Charlie Baker in April 2015.
It reads:
Through internal discussions, we concluded that it was in our interest to: 1) limit the number of debates (and the number in each state); 2) start the debates as late as possible; 3) keep debates out of the busy window between February 1 and February 27, 2016 (Iowa to South Carolina); 4) create a schedule that would allow the later debates to be canceled if the race is for practical purposes over; 5) encourage an emphasis on local issues and local media participants in the debate formats; and 6) ensure a format that provides equal time for all candidates and does not give the moderator any discretion to focus on one candidate.
The campaign mostly succeeded because from February 11 to March 6 there were no debates even though there were major primaries. Regardless of whether more debates were added to the schedule in 2016, it also worked with the DNC to fight Sanders' efforts to schedule more debates.
Eichenwald declares, 'Once only one candidate can win the nomination, of course the DNC gets to work on that person's behalf.' He contends after May 3 there was no chance Sanders would win. But before the primary, the DNC and Clinton campaign were coordinating on opposition research in preparation for a campaign against the Republican nominee. This is hugely alienating to the millions of Democratic voters, who do not support the corporate Democratic politics of Clinton, and had the DNC approached the election differently they may not have faced such discontent during the general election.
As if all of the above weren't enough, here is another reason to thrust your middle fingers in the air next time you see Eichenwald at an airport:
Debates cost money, and the more spent on debates, the less available for the nominee in the general election. Plus, there is a reasonable belief among political experts that allowing the nominees to tear each other down over and over undermines their chances in the general election, which is exactly what happened with the Republicans in 2012.
This is quite anti-democratic. To Eichenwald, Democrats should not debate issues and defend their records in numerous debates, even though the election lasts for around 18 months, because it gives Republicans ammunition to attack the Democratic nominee. He also advocates against spending money on debates so it can go to a nominee that already benefits from side-stepping loopholes expanded by Citizens United . For that alone, I hope he gets stuck on an elevator with millennial Sanders supporters for hours but loses his voice and can't chime in to lecture them.
Eichenwald is not the only journalist with prejudice toward democracy. But let's be clear: at minimum, all presidential candidates able to get a percentage of support in a national poll, qualify for federal matching funds, or get on enough state ballots to win the number of electoral votes needed to become president should have a right to run in elections in the United States.
Yet, Eichenwald concludes, 'If you didn't vote for the only person who could defeat [Trump] and are now protesting a Trump presidency, may I suggest you shut up and go home. Adults now need to start fixing the damage you have done.'
For all of the crass, sanctimonious, and self-righteous bullshit, because this is the kind of journalism we need to destroy, I say put your middle fingers proudly in the air and shout it loud. Go fuck yourself, Kurt Eichenwald!
The post Go Fuck Yourself, Kurt Eichenwald! appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

President Barack Obama has less than 70 days to achieve one of the key goals that will define his legacy: close the Guantanamo Bay military prison. 
There are 60 prisoners at Guantanamo. Twenty of them were cleared by the Obama administration and could be freed. 
Of course, the specter of a Donald Trump presidency has those who pushed for the closure of Guantanamo frightened because Trump said he would bring new prisoners to the facility. What if Obama had closed the facility years ago? Would this even be a possibility? 
Joining me on the 'Unauthorized Disclosure' podcast, journalist Andy Worthington talks to me about the final push to close Guantanamo. He is the co-founder of the ' Close Guantanamo ' campaign. He also is a musician, who wrote a song for his band, Four Fathers, about closing the military prison. His work can be found here .
The interview starts at the 30:00 mark. Later in the interview, we go on a bit of a tangent and spend a few minutes addressing the rise of far-right elements in the United States and the United Kingdom, particularly because Worthington is based in the U.K. 
Below is a partial transcript of the interview: 
GOSZTOLA: What do you plan to do during final days of President Obama's presidency to push for the closure of Guantanamo, especially now that Donald Trump is president and open to torture and possibly even bringing more prisoners to Guantanamo? 
WORTHINGTON: I've been working on the Guantanamo issue for over ten years, and it's always been my intention to try and get it closed. So, back in January 2012, when it was the tenth anniversary of the opening of the prison, I setup a campaign and website called 'Close Guantanamo' with the attorney Tom Wilner, who represented the Guantanamo prisoners in their Supreme Court cases in 2004 and 2008. 
What we did this year, 2016, is we setup a countdown to close Guantanamo. So we counted down the last year of the presidency, and every 50 days we have these posters that they could print off that they could stand with, they could send in to us, and we put them on to the website and on social media. We've had over 500 celebrities and people across the U.S. and around the world sending in photos every 50 days. 
Of course, we're now into the very last ten weeks of Obama's presidency so what I am trying to do is just to keep the pressure on as we've been doing all year just to try and keep President Obama aware that people are watching. Obviously, he doesn't need any telling. After the election result, it's more urgent than ever. If he really does want to close the prison, he needs to do everything that he can in his power to do it before he leaves office because, as you say, Donald Trump has said on the campaign trail that he wants to keep it open. He wants to send Americans there to be prosecuted. He wants to reintroduce torture. 
Now, we also know that Donald Trump, to be generous, is a colossal windbag, and that it's not necessarily true that the things he says he means. But he is now the president. The Republican Party that he nominally is the president of is in control of the Senate and the House, and there are some very unpleasant characters in the Republican Party, who love Guantanamo and who would love to reinstitute torture. 
I think it's fair enough at this point for people to be genuinely worried that any progress that has been made toward the closure of Guantanamo is going to hit a very sticky patch with the inauguration of Donald Trump. 
GOSZTOLA: I get the real sense that we shouldn't take any chances here, that perhaps the human rights community could get to Donald Trump and convince him that Guantanamo needs to be closed. We already see figures surrounding him like Rudy Giuliani and also, a quite goonish character, Tom Cotton, who is a senator, and former veteran, who has incredible bloodlust. 
WORTHINGTON: He's a dreadful individual. It's so out of control that kind of massive enthusiasm for Guantanamo and the hysteria and the exaggeration about the people who were held there. Any rational analysis of Guantanamo has always has always accepted there are a handful of significant people there, but the majority of people there never were. It's awful the things he's been saying. 
But you know, I'm really worried about the kind of people we're hearing that are gathering around Donald Trump. I thought we'd seen the last of Rudy Giuliani and people like that. I'm hearing people mention John Bolton. Surely not. Surely, we're not going to put up with him again. But who knows? 
GOSZTOLA: The neoconservatives, as they call them, ran away from Donald Trump, but it seems they may be coming back, as it's their only way to have access to power. So let's talk about the critical issue of the human beings, who still remain captive at Guantanamo. I know you've done some recent work on Abu Zubaydah. Just so people can have a case within our interview to think about, and to think about the critical importance of closing Guantanamo and what's at stake, talk about how he was denied release and what we know about how he was treated. 
WORTHINGTON: I suppose I should really start out by breaking down who is at Guantanamo, these 60 men. Twenty of them have been approved for release by two review boards, one back in 2009. There are still a handful of men approved for release then, who haven't actually been freed. The rest of them were approved by a review board that's been taking place over the last few years, the Periodic Review Board, which is like a parole board. People have to demonstrate they show contrition for what they did, and they want to have constructive peaceful lives if they're released. 
That process has been involving at Guantanamo, who isn't already approved for release or facing trial. And just ten men are facing trials. So, at present, of those people held, there are 30 men, who have had these reviews, that have said on balance we've reviewed their cases and we're still going to carry on holding them but we're not putting them on trial. 
Abu Zubaydah is one of those people. He was the person that the Bush administration's CIA torture program was created for. He was the first victim of that. He was someone who was outrageously hyped up by the Bush administration as somebody close to Osama bin laden, involved in 9/11 attacks. Number three in al Qaida was what they were saying at the beginning, even though there were people in the intelligence community who knew from the beginning that this simply was true about him
But they tortured him abominably, waterboarded him on 83 occasions, destroyed him in some ways. He has fits, is in a pretty terrible way. All of this was for somebody that was who they said he was. The U.S. government eventually backed down and said they didn't think he knew about the 9/11 attacks. He wasn't a member of al Qaida. They're still trying to suggest that he was part of some kind of militia that would enable to say he was an enemy of the United States. 
The thing about Zubaydah is obviously, as with everybody held, the terrible things that happened should not have happened. Skilled interrogators would have been able to sit down with these guys without laying a finger on them and get information from them. Then we would have been able to have trials that would have been acceptable. But this is a kind of revisionism of history that didn't happen—Terrible things happened instead.
This man was a facilitators for an independent training camp that had some involvement in militarily training and some people that were trained there it seems went away and became involved in plots. So it's not that there isn't a case against him on some level, but whether he actually constituted an enemy of the United States, I couldn't really say. 
But there he is in Guantanamo, and like all these to moral or other degrees were mistreated and who may or may not have done things in some way against the United States, he's had this review process, and they've said, well, no, we're not going to approve him for release. He's now eligible for further reviews, as are all the other men who had their ongoing imprisonment upheld. 
Now, these reviews were initiated several years ago by an executive order that President Obama. They involve the Defense Department, the intelligence agencies, all the major government departments. So it's an ongoing process unless, of course, a new government decided they were not interested in them, and we don't know where President-To-Be Donald Trump stands on the periodic review boards or where the people gathering around him stand on them. But I think it would be fair to say there will be a certain amount of hostility toward them. What I don't know is how much within these departments of the kind of unchanging people who do the work, regardless of who the government is, how much there will be feedback within these various departments and agencies about what they think is the usefulness or not of reviewing people. 
I think it's fair to say that we're fortunate—those of us who want to see Guantanamo closed—that President Obama has done so much in recent years to reduce the population. 
GOSZTOLA: There's been a lot of promising developments, especially in the last year, but at the last time, you see a real failure because now with the election of Donald Trump the Obama administration has left the door open for the military to keep using it as a facility. Right now, as I understand it, some of the camps are being transformed into mental health or hospital facilities. Still, easily, you could put the brakes on that. Donald Trump could use that again for what we already have read about in your reporting and other books. 
WORTHINGTON: I have to say, although the worst case scenario could happen in anything we think of, when we look at Donald Trump and these figures within the Republican Party who want power and influence—There are very strong arguments I suspect will be made by career bureaucrats, by lawyers, and certainly of course by NGOs. I would not expect silence from the liberal media. I would think there would be a lot of voices discussing very loudly how inappropriate it would be, for example, to send anyone new to Guantanamo. 
President Obama, to his credit, he always treated it as a legacy issue. He never sent anybody there. Every time that some terrorist suspect was apprehended, pretty much wherever it was, these Republicans, the kind of people now jockeying for power, would have been saying send this person to Guantanamo. Give him the works. Torture them. All of this stuff, and ridiculous, and he never did. 
This isn't just some kind of humanitarianism that can be easily dismissed. The truth is if you apprehend a terrorism suspect and what to give them a trial then do it in federal courts. Because federal courts have a long and capable history of doing it. What everybody needs to remember and what even the great cheerleaders for Guantanamo actually know when you put them on the spot is that when Guantanamo was setup there were still federal court trials taking place successfully for people accused of terrorism. The same happened throughout the Obama administration. 
Really when you step back and look at it and strip away the hysteria, Guantanamo is an aberration. It's a broken place that doesn't work. It would be very hard to make a case. We're not thankfully in the middle of a national emergency like we were in the wake of 9/11. 
There is no clear and present danger to the nation that would justify people saying, I know what the rules are that normally reply, but the thing that's happening to us is so awful that we must throw away all those ways of behaving and do this terrible thing. There isn't actually any pressure for doing that that is justifiable. I think that it would be difficult for them to justify it, and there would be a lot of resistance institutionally. But you know, who am I to know? If people take over with an aggression and craziness, it's possible they can steamroll everything before them. 
GOSZTOLA: You also are a singer, and you have a band. I wanted to have you share the work you've been doing. It's called the Four Fathers. You recorded a song particularly for the campaign to close Guantanamo.
WORTHINGTON: I've kind of revisited something I've done before, which is to sing about something of importance to me. You actually made a 'Protest Song of The Week' awhile back, the song I wrote for Shaker Aamer who was the last British resident in Guantanamo who I was campaigning to release. I came up with another song fairly recently. Earlier this year was when I came up with it, about Guantanamo. 
That kind of fell into place that here's this sunny, bouncy tune, which I think is probably appropriate for what this corner of the Caribbean should be, and then I basically just sang about what's happened at Guantanamo since the prison was setup. I kind of distilled into verse what I've always understood about it—how the Bush administration chose it to be beyond the law, said they could torture and abuse people, when they tortured and abused people they told lies, they had the nerve to then present these lies that people told under torture and abuse as though they were the truth. 
And then the last verse of the song, which I've used in the campaign video for the 'Close Guantanamo' campaign is about President Obama's struggles to close Guantanamo and what seems to be his failure to be able to do so. I hope people will like the song. I think it tells the story well and in a good manner. It would be lovely if you could play it to your listeners. 
Listen to 'Close Guantanamo': 

The post Interview: Andy Worthington On Final Push To Close Guantanamo appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Vinnie Paz of the hip hop group, Jedi Mind Tricks, wrote this song inspired by the work of people's historian, Howard Zinn. It picks up where his song, 'You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train,' left off, and similarly, it is a kind of hip hop cliff notes of Zinn's book, 'A People's History Of the United States.' 
'Writings On Disobedience and Democracy' was put out as part of the '30 Days, 50 Songs' project, which posted songs over a period of 30 days in order to motivate voters to defeat Donald Trump. The project was not just anti-Trump. Artists For a Trump-Free America were very pro-Hillary Clinton. However, what stands out and makes Paz's song enduring is that it does not make any reference to Trump or the 2016 election. 
As Paz said when the song was shared, 'It felt like the right time to rekindle some of these forgotten stories in American history.' He added these are 'stories that aren't necessarily taught in our classrooms.'
The song opens with the following Zinn quote:
We have to stop thinking that we must have military solutions to the problems we face in the world. The solutions that we need are the solutions dealing with sickness and disease and hunger. That's fundamental. If you want to end terrorism, you have to stop being terrorists, which is what war is. 
Paz begins with the imperialist intentions behind the United States's involvement in World War II. Acknowledging the unspeakable evil of Adolf Hitler's regime, he then summarizes, 'We opposed the Haitian revolution. We turned Guam, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii into institutions, pretended to help Cuba win freedom from Spain. This country's built on the blood of other people's pain.' 
Blacks looked at anti-Semitism in Germany. What they saw mirrored their experience in the U.S. And America appeased Hitler in the 1930s until President Franklin Delano Roosevelt was ready to advance imperialist interests. But, as Paz puts it, 'Roosevelt ain't care about oppression of the Jews.' 
As Paz tells it, in 1945, 'Troops were jammed onto the Queen Mary. The blacks were stowed down in the depths of the same ferry. See there's a parallel you have to understand, that they wanted them to fight but wouldn't treat them like a man.' 
Paz notes the workers' resistance that occurred post-WWWII then the black revolt in the 1950s. 
'Angelo Herndon felt everything was equal,' Paz raps. 'He was arrested, they convicted for insurrection
How the fuck it's insurrection? I call it dissension. Gave him five years when all he wanted was protection.'
'There was other black men that made the same connection. Benjamin Davis defended Herndon as a savior
Then Paul Robeson; he only magnified the danger. Harry Truman had to deal with the militant mood. But how the fuck that gonna work when he a racist too?'
The song covers the Freedom Rides, the Black Panthers, the Vietnam War and Watergate. Following these events, 'There was a deep economic insecurity in this world of ours. Environmental deterioration took its toll. A cultural violence upon the families took its toll. Problems couldn't be solved without bold changes. But no major party candidates proposed changes.'
Ronald Reagan was elected president. He cut welfare for the poor and unemployment grew. That is where Paz ends, but he plans to continue the conversation in a future song. 
In the outro, Paz asks people to reflect on what they were taught in school and whether they were taught lies about American history. 'Dig into the real history of this country, and the fact that it was built on blood,' he urges Americans. 
Not only does it stand as a tribute to Zinn, but it also serves as a means to use the form of hip hop to reach people who may not be aware of the history brought to the fore by Zinn. It celebrates dissent and resistance at a time when it is critical for people to take the fear and panic from a Trump election and channel it into targeted action. 
Listen to Paz's 'Writings on Disobedience and Democracy': 

The post Protest Song Of The Week: 'Writings On Disobedience And Democracy' appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Despite the establishment media's hopes and repeated claims that it could never happen, Donald Trump is the president-elect of the United States of America. Now liberal pundits are scrambling to explain how the hell it happened. Isn't this country changing demographically? Didn't Donald Trump disqualify himself with his racist and sexist statements? What about the nuclear codes? 
Well, Donald Trump had one thing in his favor: he ran against one of the most unpopular and despised presidential candidates in American history, Hillary Rodham Clinton. Combine the electorate's Clinton antipathy with a risky but targeted strategy to flip the Rust Belt and it's not so hard to understand why Donald Trump, a man with no experience in government, will be sitting in the oval office come late January.
The usual suspects have had no luck in crafting a convincing narrative that doesn't make them look like idiots. Joan Walsh of The Nation, a shameless hack for Hillary, wrote a sardonic piece wherein she played the victim and defended Clinton's candidacy, saying, 'she had more of a message than her lefty haters give her credit for.'
Actually, no, not really. Clinton ran the definition of a negative campaign and what little of a progressive message she presented was copy and pasted from Senator Bernie Sanders' campaign and extremely unconvincing given her neoliberal record. Clinton had trust issues from the beginning, which were only exacerbated by her extremely dishonest attacks on Sanders and equally dishonest revisionism of her own herstory. 
Jamelle Bouie, whose biggest claim to fame is saying Trump could not win, offers another equally moronic analysis of Trump voters, claiming anyone who voted for Trump is a racist and deserves no empathy. Yes, African-Americans, Asians, and non-white Hispanics voted for Trump, but according to Bouie they apparently hate themselves.
Bouie is reliably wrong, so expect him to fail up in pundit world. But his blame the voter strategy parallels that of bourgeoisie feminists, who claim women who voted for Trump (or even just did not for Clinton) did so because they have 'internalized misogyny.' Jess McIntosh, the former communications director for the Clinton campaign, made that explicit claim in an interview with DNC-friendly MSNBC. 
So, to recap, anyone who did not vote for Hillary Clinton this cycle hates minorities and women (including minorities and women).
Well, allow me to retort. Hillary Clinton lost the election because she was a terrible candidate. Nobody likes or trusts her (yes, elections actually are popularity contests) and her neoliberal domestic policies and neoconservative foreign policies turned people off because they are genuinely bad. Clinton represented the establishment in a change election, something she was happy to do. She even openly courted Republicans hoping her 'temperament' talking point would make partisan Republicans vote for one of the most hated Democrats in history. It didn't work.
Clinton also refused to talk about class and only seriously brought up racism to label Trump supporters as racist 'deplorables' and 'irredeemable.' Which, beyond excessively judgmental, was just stupid politics as many of those people live in the god damn Rust Belt. Way to ensure they voted Hillary! If Clinton is so smart, why is she so stupid? Riddle me that.
Now, thank the lord, we as a country are going to move on from the Clinton crime family. The Democratic Party needs a major overhaul, which it will have plenty of time to focus on as it is now out of power in the House, Senate, and White House. Great job, Team Hillary.
But first, how about the Hillary Clinton supporters stop blaming everyone else for their terrible candidate? Democrats had a populist who did well in the Rust Belt, Clinton supporters did everything they could to destroy him. This election is on them.
The post Dear Hillary Supporters, Own Your Terrible Candidate appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

President Barack Obama's administration institutionalized a drone program that involves a targeted assassination policy for individuals put on kill lists. It not only devastated the lives of hundreds of thousands of people in countries, like Afghanistan, but it traumatizes the military officers, who are part of the system which makes strikes possible. But for them, there is little to no support for the depression, suicidal ideations, or post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) they develop as a result of the horrible things they are asked to do. 
As the documentary, 'National Bird,' shows, the officers struggle with the morality of their actions, but they face a presidential administration, which has criminalized more whistleblowers than all other previous presidential administrations combined. Officers who speak out about the drone program face the prospect of harsh prosecution under the Espionage Act, as if talking about what they saw as officers is treasonous. That weighs heavy on veterans of the drone program and makes them terrified to be labeled whistleblowers because they know how the government could destroy their lives if they become known to the public as whistleblowers. 
The film highlights the lives of three former officers: Heather, a former drone imagery analyst, Daniel, a former private contractor and signals intelligence analyst, and Lisa, a former technology sergeant for a drone surveillance system. Director Sonia Kennebeck centers their experiences instead of simply using them to explore the mechanics of the drone program. Each one of them is painfully aware of how they could attract the government's attention by participating in the film, and the credits note, 'No person on this film disclosed classified material to the filmmakers.' 
Lisa travels to Afghanistan with a friend named Asma, who was born in Afghanistan. Once a population she viewed remotely through a massive surveillance system, it is her chance to see Afghans as human beings. She shares, 'I lost part of my humanity working in the drone program,' and plans to make reparations for the role she played in the drone program with this trip.
The trip provides a means for the filmmakers to highlight the perspectives of survivors of a drone attack by U.S. forces on February 21, 2010, which according to an official military investigation was carried out by a Predator drone crew at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada. The attack killed 23 people, including children. General Stanley McChrystal signed off on the investigation, and a reenactment of the drone crew's exchanges during the bombing highlights the bloodlust of those involved. 
'Why didn't he say possible child? Why are they so quick to call fucking kids but not a fucking rifle?' the pilot asks. The sensor replies, 'I really doubt that children call, man. I really fucking hate that.' Later, the pilot says, 'Adolescent near the rear of the SUV.' The sensor replies, 'Well, teenagers can fight.' A military officer states, '12-13 years old with a weapon is just as dangerous.' Right before the strike, the sensor cheers, 'Let the party begin.' 
The video footage, combined with the reenacted radio exchange, evokes memories of the infamous 'Collateral Murder' video disclosed by Manning and released by WikiLeaks. The drone crew is quite eager to kill. If they can claim in the aftermath the children were teens with possible access to weapons, they have no qualms with putting a Hellfire missile through a pickup truck with kids. 
Daniel considers whether he is afraid of possibly going to prison for speaking out (Credit to Ten Forward Films)
What stands out about Daniel's story is how careful he is to choose his words and even backtrack during his answers to questions. He wears a pin for U.S. Army whistleblower Chelea Manning in one scene in the film. He watches 'Democracy Now!', including a broadcast covering CIA whistleblower Jeffrey Sterling's prosecution. He has a copy of Wired magazine with Snowden on the cover wrapped in the American flag. There are posters with radical political messages in his apartment, and he participates in antiwar demonstrations. But he does not want to take any chances that he will invite the ire of the global security state. Nevertheless, as the film progresses, Daniel winds up in the crosshairs. The FBI conducts a raid against him on August 8, 2014, while the film is still in production. It deeply frightens Daniel, and clearly undermines his ability to contribute to the film. He reaches out to prominent whistleblower attorney, Jesselyn Radack—just as Heather did—and receives legal assistance in order to defend himself while the government investigates him for 'espionage.' 
Radack communicates the severity of the situation. Such an investigation paints a person as an 'enemy of the state.' It is a 'David versus Goliath struggle,' a 'single person against the entire executive branch of the United States government.' 
Heather grapples with the anxiety and fear of whether speaking to citizens at public libraries or bookstores or through a column published by the Guardian will make a difference. At a bookstore, she breaks down, as she shares the fact that she does not speak out for herself. She does it for her veteran friends struggling with alcoholism, who cannot talk to citizens as well as she can. Or, she does it in honor of veteran friends who died. But will it make a difference? Is it really worth it to detail how the government does not want to acknowledge the drone program traumatizes the people carrying out attacks? 
She shudders at the thought that anyone would cast her as the 'next Edward Snowden,' especially if policymakers are not going to listen to the message she has for the public. 'If I am going to get all this awful horrifying attention from the government, what's the point? If someone comes to my house and puts a bag over my head and hauls me away, what was the point in anything I did? Am I really changing people's minds or are people going to just share it on Facebook and move along?'
It is a tremendously powerful moment that communicates the sacrifice of former military officers or government officials, who speak out about the unspeakable things they did. As Heather says, she could try to live a normal life. She has psychological problems and was a suicide risk before she left the U.S. Air Force. She would be better off spending time with family and friends. Plus, she adds, the left sees people like her as 'baby killers.' They believe she should be put on trial for war crimes. The right is unconvinced that drone strikes cause trauma because officers involved are not in combat zones. So, why open up about what drone crew do and attempt to educate the public when insensitivity and indifference is what follows? 
'National Bird' gives voice to people on both sides of a Hellfire missile. These are individuals who the U.S. government will not hesitate to silence if at all possible. It also challenges the way in which the drone program normalizes and makes war permanent. And, as Donald Trump prepares to take over control of this apparatus entrenched by Obama, the film encourages audiences to reflect on whether they have any problem with a government that assassinates and destroys the lives of entire villages and punishes any officers involved, who cannot bear the sins they committed and dare to speak out so they may heal their soul.
The post Film Review: 'National Bird' Confronts Perils Of Becoming Drone Whistleblower appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

President-elect Donald Trump ran a thoroughly anti-establishment campaign. Some of those in the establishment who felt his wrath were the neoconservatives and liberal interventionists, as Trump thoroughly tore apart the Iraq War and the belligerent rhetoric of both Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton.
For the average voter, the message was clear: a vote for Trump was a vote against trying to remake the world in America's image through force. 
Or was it? Because the nominees being floated so far for key positions in the incoming Trump Administration are completely at odds with a more realist and humble foreign policy.
One of the names being floated for secretary of state is former UN Ambassador John Bolton, a man so hawkish that even a Republican Senate would not confirm him for the post after his recess appointment by President George W. Bush. Part of the reason was Bolton was on record claiming, ' There is no such thing as the United Nations,' and fully endorsing unilateralism.
Bolton is a neocon through and through. If he runs the State Department, expect an aggressive US posture in the world.
Another one of Trump's foreign policy advisors is former CIA Director James Woolsey. Woolsey is an arch-neocon who pushed some of the most weakly-sourced talking points in the run up to the Iraq War, including that Iraq was connected to the 9/11 attack. Unlike Trump, Woolsey does not believe the war was a mistake and defended the decisions as recently as 2015.
Bolton? Woolsey? Why does Trump want to bring in the architects of the Iraq War into his administration? 
While it is true no official nominations or appointments have been made, that these people are even being considered is arguably a betrayal of Trump's campaign promise to change course on foreign policy. It also completely contradicts Trump's famous line that the problem with US foreign policy is that it's run by 'stupid people.' 
Guess what Trump? John Bolton and James Woolsey are exactly the stupid people you were talking about.
The post Foreign Policy Names Floated By Trump Transition Undermine Campaign Promises appeared first on Shadowproof .
ARTICLE

Editor's Note Protest music alone cannot change the world. However, protest music can fuel a culture of resistance. Growing a culture of resistance is needed now more than ever.
The following are songs from 2015 and 2016 that speak to the political moment and can be seen as the soundtrack for movements fighting for social, racial, economic, and environmental justice. 
Now, please enjoy this mixtape — the first of many 'Stop Trump' playlists we expect to feature here at Shadowproof. 
'R.E.D.' by A Tribe Called Red (feat. Yasiin Bey, Narcy, and Black Bear) An anthem for the decolonization of culture and solidarity among colonized populations across all continents 
'T5' by Swet Shop Boys A sardonic take on post-9/11 security culture from Riz MC and Heems, rappers of British Pakistani and Punjabi-Indian descent who have experience with racial profiling at airports 'Old Man Trump' by Ryan Harvey feat. Ani DiFranco and Tom Morello The lyrics of legendary folk singer Woody Guthrie are put to music in this song about Donald Trump's father, Fred Trump, and how he excluded people of color from his Beach Haven housing project 'Retribution' – Tanya Tagaq Throat singing from an indigenous throat singer who crafts a foreboding warning to global citizens about their non-consensual relationship with Mother Earth. 'FDT' by YG A basic message from a young black rapper to reject and not stand for any of Donald Trump's bullshit 'Blk Girl Soldier' by Jamila Woods Calls upon the tradition of strong black women who engaged in freedom fighting for dignity, justice, and human rights while at the same time praising the power of black women with 'black girl magic' 'MariKKKopa' – Desaparecidos Implicates disgraced Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio and his legion of white supremacists who promote hate of immigrants—the kind of people glomming on to a Trump administration 'The Comin' Round Is Going Through' by Bonnie Raitt A foot-stomper on what's coming around for the corporate class who have hijacked elections 'In the River: A Protest Song' by Raye Zaragoza Ode to the water protectors standing against the oil barons set on poisoning water and the future of not only indigenous people but the entire planet 'We The People…' by A Tribe Called Quest Rap song that uses Trump's exclusionary rhetoric as a hook, rejects the law and order waging war on black bodies, and preaches hard truths about the dominant culture in which we find ourselves enveloped 'True Trans Soul Rebel' by Against Me! Anthem for transgender people to help them find the strength to proudly stand up for dignity, equality, justice, and human rights 'Big Box (Live)' by Neil Young & The Promise of the Real An indictment of capitalism, the song pleads for resistance to the corporate takeover over all aspects of government, the rule of law, and all facets of daily life, especially through the rise of Big Box stores. 'How I Feel' by A Tribe Called Red Acknowledges the pain that indigenous people can see in eyes of other indigenous people, as they struggle to maintain the fight against colonialist oppression and not burn out. The message applies to all: keep listening to others and never give up. 'America Back' by Jill Sobule Requires no additional description. When they say they want their America back, what the fuck do they mean? ***
Stop Trump Mixtape on Spotify 

[*Note: Missing Jill Sobule's 'America Back' because that song is not available on Spotify.]
The post Stop Trump Mixtape: A Protest Song Collection appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

For this week's 'Unauthorized Disclosure' podcast, Rania Khalek returns as co-host to process how to handle all the fear, panic, and uncertainty created by the presidential election of Donald Trump. 
We assess what needs to be fought immediately. Kevin Gosztola suggests the Dakota Access pipeline and return of the Keystone XL pipeline will need to face resistance. 
'Climate change is probably the most important to organize and push back against. This is going to require people putting their bodies on the line,' Khalek adds. And Gosztola suggests we will need to support not just journalists charged with felonies but all people who are taking action to stop a 'moral calamity from taking place,' especially in local communities defending indigenous land from destruction by fossil fuel extraction. 
Khalek shares her concern that the backing of Republican mega-donor Sheldon Adelson and the people Trump is surrounding himself means it is time to worry about a Trump administration bombing Iran. 'There is going to have to be some resurgence in antiwar activism because that would be another moral calamity.'
Then, domestically, Khalek says we have to support immigrant communities facing the threat of deportation and support organizations that defend them as well. We have to encourage resistance to any efforts to ban Muslims as well. 
Lots of people in the United States are looking for ways they can plug in to stop Trump. Media organizations and nonprofit organizations, like the ACLU, have seen an incredible surge in donations. In that vein, Khalek and Gosztola suggest you support their journalism if you want something tangible and immediate to do. Khalek is raising money for a series of articles on the war in Syria. Gosztola runs Shadowproof, and the organization is consistently eager to have new members join . (Anyone who donates $5/month receives a tote bag.) 
During the show, the hosts also confront the reality that the last eight years of Democrats, including President Barack Obama's administration, laid the groundwork for a lot of what Trump plans to do. 
It should serve as a warning, Khalek declares. 'Even when your team does something bad or your team takes power that nobody should have, just because you trust the person who is currently president and occupying the White House doesn't mean it is going to stay that way forever. You always have to remember whatever powers they take, the next Donald Trump gets to use.' 
The latest episode is available on iTunes. To listen to the episode (and also to download the episode), go here . A page will load with the audio file of the interview that will automatically play.
The post The Aftermath of Trump's Election: Facing Down Fear, Panic, And Uncertainty appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Devyn Springer is a queer black Muslim. In this three-part video series, which is part of Roqayah Chamseddine's project, 'Islam In America,' Springer talks about the difficulty of fighting homophobia in Islamic spaces. 
'Oftentimes, if we're being completely honest, I don't fight it,' Springer confesses. 'I really don't. I stay silent most of the time. I'm very courageous when I'm at the front line of a protest, but then when you put me in a room with my umma, I stay silent. I think that's a problem.'
As Springer shares, he used to fight homophobia when faced with it at his mosque and the Muslim student association at his school. But he has chosen silence lately just like women tired of trying to fight sexism or misogyny in Islam might choose silence. 
Muslims choose silence because they want to be 'model minorities,' according to Springer. 
'So many Muslims are concerned with being a model minority and trying to paint this perfect picture of Islam, and it's damaging. We want to live up to white supremacy and to whiteness and to all these Americanisms so much that we're not willing to address the very problems in our communities. It has to stop,' Springer declares.
'We're not model minorities. The model minority doesn't exist. It's a myth just to get people to assimilate.'
Roqayah's 'Islam In America' series is an ongoing project , which amplifies the stories of American Muslims and what they struggle with in their day-to-day lives beyond just Islamophobia. It promotes an alternative to the fear of Donald Trump's presidential administration.
The post Interview: Devyn Springer, Queer Black Muslim, On Homophobia In Islamic Spaces appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Police in North Dakota surrounded hundreds of water protectors fighting construction of the Dakota Access pipeline on a highway bridge and fired a water cannon, tear gas, concussion grenades, and rubber bullets. During the assault, which lasted for hours, the police also threatened the group with a long-range acoustic device to further disorient them. Standing Rock Sioux Tribe's emergency medical services deployed to treat dozens of individuals with injuries.
For months, protests, including nonviolent direct action, have taken place with indigenous people, who will suffer the worst impact, at the forefront. An encampment called Sacred Stone Camp near the Standing Rock reservation has stood as a grand example of resistance.
On November 20, according to a press statement from the Sacred Stone Camp, water protectors attempted to remove 'burnt military vehicles' that police 'chained to barriers weeks ago,' which were blocking traffic on Highway 1806. The effort was undertaken with a semi-truck, and water protectors hoped to 'clear the road to improve access to the camp for emergency services.'
11/20/16: Burnt military truck left by police to block Hwy 1806 removed by water protectors using semi & chains. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/2ryIRN90VV 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) November 21, 2016 

Police responded with an incredible show of force, using multiple so-called 'non-lethal' tools in their arsenal to pummel water protectors. Particularly unsettling was the blasting of water at water protectors when the temperature dropped to 26 degrees Fahrenheit. There were multiple complaints of people suffering from the early onset of hypothermia.
Tara Houska, the national campaigns director for Honor the Earth, reacted, 'For weeks, the main highway to the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation has been cut off, with no movement by the state to address a public safety risk. Attempting to clear the road was met with police spraying people with water cannons in 26 degree weather.'
'That's deadly force. It's freezing outside. They want to kill people for clearing a road? When will our cries be heard? Stop the Dakota Access pipeline. Respect the rights of indigenous people, of all peoples.'
The director of the Sacred Stone Camp, LaDonna Allard, responded, 'All I can say is why? We are asking for clean water, we are asking for the right to live, we are asking for our children to live. Instead they attack us, because they protect oil. Morton county and DAPL security are inhuman. What is wrong with their hearts?'
The Morton County Sheriff's Department, which responded to the water protectors' move to clear the highway, put out a statement on Facebook that was taken by outlets, such as NBC News and CNN, as the frame for understand the 'clashes' that unfolded.
'Law enforcement is currently involved in an ongoing riot on the Backwater Bridge, north of a protest camp in Morton County. Protesters in mass amounts, estimated to be around 400, are on the bridge and attempting to breach the bridge to go north on highway 1806. Protesters have started a dozen fires near the bridge,' the Department alleged.
The Sacred Stone Camp reported flares were shot by law enforcement. Those flares ignited 'grass fires.' However, the water cannon was not specifically used to extinguish the fires. The water cannon was directed at water protectors.
Drone footage captures police spraying Dakota Access Pipeline protesters with a water cannon.
Video shows the water cannon as police directed it at nonviolent water protectors. The video, shot with a drone, was at one point shot at with a water cannon presumably to knock it out of the air. The camp indicated police 'shot down three media drones and targeted journalists with less lethal rounds.'
Unicorn Riot, a volunteer-operated collective of multimedia artists and journalists that has been on the ground documenting Standing Rock resistance for months, reported on the scale of the force used against water protectors as well as the impact on protectors.
The collective indicated there were serious injuries, including 'one person who was badly injured after being shot in the head with a rubber bullet.' A girl, who is 13 years-old, was reportedly shot in the face and suffered lung and eye irritation from the tear gas. There were multiple reports of cardiac arrest. One of Unicorn Riot's reporters 'had their press badge shot off when shot in the abdomen by a rubber bullet.' Multiple individuals suffered seizures. At least 150 water protectors suffered injuries.
As Unicorn Riot reported, police 'formed a line with armored vehicles, concrete barriers, and razor wire.' The police unleashed a plume of water on hundreds of people for hours, who chose to stand their ground but also in a sense were trapped because of how the police established a perimeter limiting where they could disperse.
For hours, Kevin Gilbertt live streamed the incredible use of force by police. His stream eventually climbed to 50,000-plus viewers as cable news networks like CNN stuck to regularly scheduled programming and refused to offer viewers a news break covering what was happening.
Dallas Goldtooth of the Indigenous Environmental Network declared, 'Tribal EMS are stepping up and providing services that should be the responsibility of Morton County, this is ridiculous. Because of the police enforced roadblock, ambulances now have an extra 30 minutes to get to the hospital. Those are life and death numbers right there, and Morton County and the State of North Dakota will be responsible for the tally.'
Police maintained their barricade around the encampment throughout the night and into the morning, according to Navajo and Yankton Dakota writer Jacqueline Keeler. This obstructed EMTs from being able to get to the camp.
In an interview with Goldtooth, Angela Bibens of the Red Owl Legal Collective, indicated 20 mace canisters were fired in a period of five minutes at one point. This resulted in a number of individuals losing control of their bowel functions. 'One elder went into cardiac arrest and was revived through CPR at the front line by medics.' The police also fired mace canisters at medics.
Yet, despite the assault, Bibens described the response of people nearby as 'calm.' They maintained their resolve and rushed blankets to the front line. They provided forms of immediate medical aid, and some even chose to stay at the front line to help others hold their ground against the assault. Multiple water protectors donned gas masks and grabbed shields to face down the police.
There was one reported arrest, but why that person was arrested was not immediately clear.
Rob Keller, a spokesman for the Morton County Sheriff's Department, parsed language and maintained no water cannon was used and water was only deployed to put out the fires that were set by water protectors. This is only accurate if one ignores the hours of video footage showing water shot directly at water protectors or if one calls what was turned against water protectors a hose instead of a cannon.
Apparently, the Morton County Sheriff's Department previously expressed concern about hypothermia at the encampments, as winter approaches. But on November 20, Morton County police had no second thoughts about dousing water protectors with water for hours, even if it meant they might end up needing emergency medical attention.
Last week, Energy Transfer Partners LP Chief Executive Officer Kelcy Warren said the pipeline will not be rerouted despite concerns expressed by indigenous Americans. The Army Corps of Engineers has examined possible changes to the route so the pipeline does not violate sacred Native American land.
Energy Transfer Partners announced on November 8 it would start the 'final phase' of construction around November 22 and ignore the requests of federal agencies to suspend construction until a new assessment could be completed.
In September, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the rights of Indigenous Peoples, Victoria Tauli-Corpuz, called for the construction to end and cited 'serious risks to drinking water and potential destruction of the tribe's lands.' She also acknowledged indigenous people were denied access to information and excluded from consultations during planning.
The Standing Medic and Healer Council declared in a statement: 'We call on the Morton County Sheriff's office to immediately stop the potentially lethal use of these confrontational methods against people peacefully assembled. We request media support, medical support, and observers to the area immediately.'
The post Police Launch Hours-Long Attack On Dakota Access Pipeline Resistance, Injure Dozens appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

The verdict is in. Two of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's appointees, former Deputy Chief of Staff Bridget Kelly and former Christie-appointed Port Authority Deputy Executive Director Bill Baroni, have been convicted of all counts for their involvement in the illegal lane closures on the George Washington Bridge, popularly known as Bridgegate.
A third Christie appointee, David Wildstein, already plead guilty and was the government's star witness in the case. 
Kelly, Baroni, and Wildstein testified in court that Governor Christie was aware of the scheme despite his claims. Even more members of Christie's staff testified Christie lied to the press in a December 2013 press conference, when he claimed he learned about the scandal from news reports. They testified he was made aware by staff beforehand.
Given those convictions and admissions, the question now becomes what to do about Governor Christie, who still has more than two years left in his term.
An answer came earlier this month when New Jersey State Senator Loretta Weinberg, who served as co-chair of the New Jersey Legislative Select Committee on Investigation, called for Governor Christie to be impeached. 
That call was echoed today when Blue Jersey Editor Rosi Efthim and yours truly made the case for impeachment, citing the rules of the New Jersey Constitution and the public record of testimony and evidence gathered regarding the Bridgegate scandal.
Meanwhile, New Jersey Republican State Senator Jennifer Beck signed on to a bill that would lead to the appointment of a special prosecutor to further investigate Governor Christie's involvement in Bridgegate. 
The process in New Jersey for impeachment mirrors the one under the US Constitution, where the lower chamber votes for impeachment and the Senate conducts a trial. A two-thirds vote is needed for impeachment to pass. Former President Bill Clinton famously was impeached by the House but survived the trial in the Senate.
Both chambers in New Jersey are controlled by Democrats but there are not enough Democratic Senators in the state senate to pass impeachment on a party line vote. Three Republican Senators would have to cross the aisle. If Senator Beck's positioning is an indication, impeachment might have a real chance.
The post With Bridgegate Convictions Comes Calls To Impeach Chris Christie appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

For part two of Roqayah Chamseddine's interview with Devyn Springer, he highlights his work as an activist and the toll it can take on his health as a queer black muslim.
Springer is a member of of Rise Up Georgia, a group that organizes mental health response units to take care of mental health emergencies so communities do not have to call police. The units include mental health professionals and focus on deescalation of conflicts.
In the same segment, Springer addresses the irony of hip hop being used to justify the dehumanization of black people. It should be a liberation art, especially as it's built to humanize people, but it doesn't always work that way.
Springer adds, 'Protesting can feel like prayer, but it also feels like pain and trauma.' And, 'There's nothing glamorous about protest.'
Activists must practice self care. For Springer, that means going to prayer services regularly and sometimes sitting quietly with tea.
Roqayah's 'Islam In America' series is an ongoing project, which amplifies the stories of American Muslims and what they struggle with in their day-to-day lives beyond just Islamophobia. It promotes an alternative to the fear of Donald Trump's presidential administration.
Watch Part 1 of her interview with Springer.
The post Interview: Devyn Springer, Queer Black Muslim, On The Trauma Of Protest appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Next Cold War Roundup 11/23/16: The official story of how the 3 US Green Berets were killed in Jordan has been disputed. Iraqi militias completed the encirclement of Mosul. The USS Zumwalt broke down again in the Panama Canal. And more in our latest Next Cold War roundup…
3 Green Beret Soldiers Killed in Jordan _ By Jack Murphy, Army special operations veteran and editor of SOFREP: 'Three Green Berets killed by ISIS infiltrator after CIA ignored warnings.' Green Berets Matthew Lewellen, Kevin McEnroe, and James Moriarty were on an inter-agency mission in Jordan, part of the CIA 'Timber Sycamore' covert operation 'to train and arm so-called moderate Syrian rebels.' Murphy's Special Forces (SF) contacts said the official story is not true. It wasn't an accident. It was a planned, deliberate attack by an ISIS sympathizer who was either a Jordanian military guard or one of the 'moderate' rebels the SF are training.
_ Special Forces soldiers have complained 'repeatedly' that the CIA vetting is 'dubious at best' and the so called moderate rebels coming into the the training program 'were actually ISIS and al-Nusra infiltrators.' The 'CIA's para-military component, called Ground Branch' have made the same complaints, all of which have been ignored. It's illegal to provide support to terrorist organizations but there are some ways to override that law using loopholes that require very high level approval from the Secretary of State, Attorney General and the White House.
Syrian Rebels Have MANPADs in Southern Syria _ Syrian rebels from the 'Ansar al-Islam Front and factions of the FSA' have published a video demonstrating SA-7 MANPADS shoulder-launch missiles. Middle East Eye speculates that the supply of MANPADS might indicate that the US has changed their policy of prohibiting distribution of these weapons because one of their high-level rebel sources said, in September, that this would happen if Syria and Russia increased their attacks on Aleppo. The source said: 'Rebels are being told only to target Syrian helicopters, not Russian – but it's not clear they will abide by this.'

_ Al Masdar News reports the Syrian army and local fighters have made gains in the province of Quneitra, near the Golan Heights.
Mosul _ Iraqi foreign minister al-Jaafari announced that one third of Mosul has been liberated from ISIS. 1000 ISIS fighters were killed and 650 captured.
_ The Iraqi Popular Mobilization Units (PMU), also known as Shiite militias though not all the soldiers are Shia, have completed the encirclement of Mosul . 'The PMU reached Peshmerga positions in Sino and cut off the last ISIS-controlled road linking Mosul with the rest of Iraq.' They will now continue operations in Tal Afar, near the Syrian border.
Another Zumwalt Breakdown _ The Navy's newest ship, the USS Zumwalt, broke down again , for the second time in 2 months, this time while passing through the Panama Canal.
Turkish Coup: NATO Officers Seeking Asylum _ NATO Secretary-General Jen Stoltenberg confirmed that some Turkish military officers within the NATO command structure are seeking asylum in the countries where they were stationed. He did not provide any specifics on the asylum requests. Turkish Pres. Erdogan said the number was not high.
_ Turkey's crackdown after the failed coup attempt continues and they have made many changes to their own NATO personnel . Stoltenberg said : 'I think Turkey will fill these places. It is up to Turkey who will be appointed here.'
_ Stoltenberg traveled to Istanbul on Sunday for the annual NATO Parliamentary Assembly session and will meet with Erdogan on Monday.
_ 38-40 Turkish officers in Germany, ranking 'from non-commissioned officer to colonel' applied for asylum, per Hurriyet's Turkish military sources . German media DW reported ' close to 60 Turkish nationals holding diplomatic passports ' stayed in Germany when they were summoned or due to return to Turkey, and the majority of those were military personnel (and some family members) from NATO bases.
_ At least 2 Turkish officers at NATO headquarters in Brussels requested asylum. 41 of the 50 Turkish military personnel in Brussels were 'withdrawn from duty' and Turkey has not yet replaced them.
_ On Sunday, Erdogan said : 'How can a terrorist, a terrorist soldier, a soldier who has been involved in plotting a coup, be employed in NATO? […] NATO cannot entertain accepting asylum requests of this kind.'
_ More than 400 Turkish military and staff were summoned back to Turkey after the coup attempt but some chose not to return, claiming that colleagues who did return were arrested.
Syria: De Mistura's Proposal for Aleppo _ UN envoy Staffan de Mistura proposed that the Syrian government grant autonomy to East Aleppo 'in exchange for peace' and he called for the al Qaeda affiliated rebels to leave East Aleppo and go to other rebel-held parts of Syria. The Syrian foreign minister, Foreign Minister Walid al-Moallem, rejected the proposal and said state institutions should be restored across the city and that Syria would not let the people of East Aleppo remain 'hostages to 6,000 gunmen […] 'We agreed on the need that terrorists should get out of east Aleppo to end the suffering of the civilians in the city.'
_ Retired Col. Pat Lang's response to de Mistura's proposal: 'Say what?' In speculating why de Mistura would do this: 'The barrel bombing and hospital destruction memes are not having the desired effect and the 'White Helmet' farce has been thoroughly debunked, so something else had to be tried.'
_ Moallem welcomed Syrian-to-Syrian talks without foreign influence but de Mistura couldn't offer help with that, nor could he guarantee a ceasefire.
_ De Mistura has made offers to the jihadis in East Aleppo before, including an offer to personally escort them (with their weapons) from the city. The jihadis refused to leave and said they would fight to the death and they continue to shell the government-held West Aleppo, killing 8 school children and a teacher in recent days.
Syria: Rebels Continue to Shell Government-Held West Aleppo _ The original headline of this BBC article was 'Syria war: Aleppo rebel attack on school kills seven children.' The headline was changed to: 'Syria war: Aleppo self-rule rejected by government.' The text of the article changed significantly too, as demonstrated by this comparison tool .
Syria: Nusra-Led Rebels Deny Civilian Exit _ The pro-rebel Syrian Observatory for Human Rights has confirmed that the al Nusra-led rebels 'are actually blocking the civilians from getting out'of East Aleppo.
_ Anti-war.com also reports that the Associated Press has spoken to people whose relatives have told them that the rebels told civilians who decided to leave to do it at night for safety reasons. Then when the civilians approached the crossing, the rebels opened fire on them. Food shortages in East Aleppo are caused by rebels hoarding aid supplies, according to the Syrian army. The rebels deny this.
Syria: ISIS Weakening at Deir Ezzor _ ISIS position in Deir Ezzor is weakening . Both the Syrian and Russian air forces have been bombing ISIS in and around Deir Ezzor. They also have ground forces in the area. ISIS manpower is affected by the battles in Mosul and Raqqa.
_ ISIS continues to launch offensives on the Syrian army position, and Al Masdar reports that despite repeated offensives, ISIS has not been able to make any significant advances on the Syrian army positions at 'Al-Jafra Farms and Deir Ezzor Airport.'
Syria: Al-Bab _ Syrian foreign minister Al-Moallem said Turkish forces were violating Syria's sovereignty: 'We cannot accept to have one Turkish soldier to remain on Syria's land.'
Halifax Security Forum _ Turkey's EU affairs minister, Omer Celik, criticized Turkey's NATO allies on Saturday while at the Halifax Security Forum in Canada, and while accompanied by French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian, retired US Gen. John Allen, and US Senator John McCain:
Celik : 'Iran and Russia intervened in Syria, made a lot of mistakes, and caused the deaths of many people. As NATO allies, do we have a consensus on [reaching] a solution in Syria? […] Turkey proposed a no-fly zone, [but] our allies did not support that. We asked for safe zones, our allies did not support that. We said let's fight terrorist groups, our allies did not support that. Our NATO allies are not showing solidarity with Turkey.'
War and Elections _ Doug Bandow for Forbes: ' President-Elect Donald Trump: Stay Out Of Syria .' Bandow notes that 'American politicians are still attempting to drag America into another tragic, bloody Middle Eastern conflict' and to do so would be 'madness' but like Obama, Trump is surrounded by allies and advisors who are militaristic. Bandow calls out 'ivory tower warriors' like Charles Lister and Thanassis Cambanis. 'Washington has a half dozen or more conflicting goals, none of are important enough to warrant the use of force.'
_ From October, a profile of retired Gen. Michael Flynn, Trump's choice for national security advisor: ' How Mike Flynn Became America's Angriest General .' 'He was one of the most respected intelligence officers of his generation. Now he's Donald Trump's national security alter ego, goading a crowd to lock Hillary Clinton up. What happened?'
_ Robert Parry: ' Trump's Tulsi Gabbard Factor .' Parry says that Gabbard might be a signal that Trump intends to do a major break with the neocon foreign policy establishment, moving toward a more libertarian stance, but his choice for Secretary of State will be the biggest tell. If it's someone like Romney, Giuliani or Bolton, the neocons 'can breathe a sigh of relief.'
Analysis and Opinion _ DW interview with researcher Siemon Wezeman: ' Diplomacy and war games in the global arms trade .' 'Moscow and Washington are rivals once again, using arms exports to boost their allies and frustrate each other's plans. The two countries are also renewing their own nuclear arsenals.' Wezeman says that Russia is trying improve relations with Arab countries and sell them weapons but Gulf countries aren't likely to buy from Russia if Russia sells to Iran.
_ Nassim Nicholas Taleb, ' Syria and the Statistics of War : Trust none of what you hear, some of what you read, and half of what you see.'
Taleb: 'I see propagandists and Al Qaeda apologists such as Charles Lister (at the Salafi-funded Middle East Institute) throw numbers that get cited –yes, some idiot will cite numbers from the Al Qaeda propagandist Charles Lister, and may eventually be cited in turn by some decent newspaper, hence get fixed for posterity.'
The post Green Berets Casualties in Jordan Story Disputed; Mosul Siege Completed; Zumwalt Broke Down Again appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

JPMorgan is, once again, paying money out to federal regulators for its chronic criminal activity. The latest payment of $264 million comes after it was discovered that the Too Big To Fail/Jail bank hired the relatives of Chinese government officials to win business in China—a clear violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). 
According to the Department of Justice, JPMorgan will pay a $72 million criminal penalty to the Department of Justice, a civil penalty of $61.9 million assessed by the Federal Reserve, and a $130.5 million disgorgement to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), for a total of $264.4 million in fines. 
In its statement, the SEC claimed 'investment bankers at JPMorgan's subsidiary in Asia created a client referral hiring program that bypassed the firm's normal hiring process and rewarded job candidates referred by client executives and influential government officials with well-paying, career-building JPMorgan employment. During a seven-year period, JPMorgan hired approximately 100 interns and full-time employees at the request of foreign government officials, enabling the firm to win or retain business resulting in more than $100 million in revenues to JPMorgan.'
Amazingly, the corrupt practices were so common at JPMorgan that company executives used 'Referral Hires vs Revenue' spreadsheets to show how the bribes were paying off. Not a single referral was denied, even though many of the children, relatives, and friends of the Chinese elite were not qualified for the jobs they received.
In fact, some of the hires were so incompetent they were referred to within JPMorgan as 'photocopiers.' So much for meritocracy.
JPMorgan executives certainly knew they were violating FCPA, but the money was just too good. And, given the Justice Department's track record of not prosecuting individual law breakers on Wall Street, what did they have to lose? JPMorgan's criminality is pretty rational when analyzed fully.
While US regulators are happy to celebrate the fines, the Chinese government appears less-than-enthusiastic about diving into the scandal. The Financial Times speculates this may be because the Chinese anti-corruption authority, known as the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI), has no idea where an investigation into the hiring program will take them. 
Given the large amount of Chinese government business steered JPMorgan's way (over $100 million) it seems likely the Chinese officials involved are people of considerable influence. CCDI typically targets lower-level officials and, when it goes high, it has the support of the Communist Party, which is, after all, the ruling authority in China.
Like most countries, China does not have the ridiculous light touch for corruption that the US has. If cited for corruption in China, a government official or businessperson is likely to go to jail. JPMorgan has broken the law perpetually and has yet to face serious consequences, despite a new 2015 directive at the Justice Department to hold individual corporate executives accountable for wrongdoing. 
The post JPMorgan Pays $264 Million Fine For Bribing Chinese Officials appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Several initiatives have launched to support the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and other indigenous people resisting construction of the Dakota Access pipeline on their land.
First and foremost, the Sacred Stone Camp established by Standing Rock has an official page for funding the water, propane, food, blankets, and other needs of the camp.
Sacred Stone also has a legal defense fund to help defend those engaged in peaceful prayer and nonviolent direction, who are targeted and attacked by police.
The Standing Rock Medic and Healer Council was on the ground to assist hundreds of water protectors on Backwater Sunday, when police assaulted them on a highway bridge with a water cannon, tear gas, concussion grenades, rubber bullets, and threatened them with a sound cannon. The Council has an Amazon 'wish list' of items needed to continue to provide such assistance to the water protectors.
Photo by Leslie Peterson
Also, as the water protectors prepare for much colder weather in North Dakota, the Council is raising funds for wool blankets, emergency blankets, wool socks, wool thermal underwear, hand warmers, safety goggles, trauma kits, straw bales, and firewood. They are accepting donations to provide herbal remedies to water protectors. Anyone with vehicles that could be used for responding to medical emergencies is encouraged to donate their vehicles.
On top of that, funds for the Council will go toward 'winter infrastructure needs.' The funds will be used for 'climate-controlled storage of medic supplies' and for 'emergency contingency supply funds.'
A supply list shows the array of items the encampment needs, including propane, gas cards, paint, ropes, and heavy duty canvas or tarps.
The Red Warrior Camp is also an encampment on the front lines of the resistance to the pipeline. The camp is working to secure their encampment through the winter so it can 'continue to protect the Mni Sose River in sovereign Lakota Territory.' The Camp has a legal defense fund as well.
As noted, the name of the people commonly referred to as the Sioux is Oceti Sakowin, which means Seven Council Fires. The Oceti Sakowin have a camp that is on the front lines preparing for winter. They are collecting donations to build lodges and keep everyone in the camp safe and warm.
The Indian Country Today Media Network highlighted the Indigenous Environmental Network , which is a nonprofit focused on advocacy for environmental issues affecting Standing Rock and other indigenous people; EarthJustice, which is a law firm representing the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in their efforts to protect the water from pipeline destruction;
B Yellowtail has a fundraiser, where people can buy 'Protector' t-shirts. All proceeds go to Standing Rock. Similarly, actress Shailene Woodley's 'Up To Us' organization produced an 'I Stand With Standing Rock' t-shirt. Funds raised go to solidarity efforts by the organization.
Sacred Stone Camp does not want anyone to show up to the camp without coordinating with leaders of the camp beforehand, however, anyone willing to contribute their time, energy, and labor to helping water protectors maintain the camp and prepare for winter is welcome. The camp believes it is important for white allies to recognize their privilege and take risks in solidarity. They also need assistance in the kitchens and with chopping wood, etc. They encourage people to register to come stay at the camp for a one-week period .
Those who do not have money to give should not be concerned they cannot show solidarity and help the water protectors. Informing friends, family, and colleagues of what is going on with pipeline resistance is an excellent way to show solidarity. The Sacred Stone Camp also consistently shares ways to help on their Facebook page, sometimes including phone numbers that can be called to pressure officials to release arrested water protectors or to convince leaders to make statements of support for the water protectors.
For example, November 25 kicks off a week of solidarity action throughout the United States and the world. Banks supporting the pipeline will be targeted with nonviolent direct actions urging divestment. Banks like TD Bank and Citigroup will face protests demanding they stop funding the pipeline.
The post Giving To The Water Protectors Fighting The Dakota Access Pipeline appeared first on Shadowproof .

ARTICLE

Video of the controversial aid group Syrian Civil Defense, also known as the 'White Helmets,' has leaked showing the staging of a fake rescue. The video shows White Helmet workers and a trapped 'victim' getting into position and preparing for a scene, laying completely still as the camera move around them.
Then the action kicks into gear with a flurry of activity and shouting off-camera with the 'victim' suddenly screaming in agony as White Helmet workers/actors remove debris from his body and carry him away.
It is unclear if this video was meant to be released, or at least all parts of it, but images of the 'victim' after the rescue appear to show him in rather good spirits.
Before & After #WhiteHelmets #MannequinChallenge pic.twitter.com/09K1xGYjnS 
— Navstéva (@Navsteva) November 22, 2016 

This is not the first time the White Helmets have come under scrutiny for not acting like the apolitical rescue workers they claim to be. Other videos have shown the White Helmets carrying weapons and aiding in jihadist executions. 
Journalist Max Blumenthal recently published a two-part series at Alternet exposing the White Helmets as being part of a campaign, funded in part by the US government, to push for regime change in Syria. 
The White Helmets have partnered with The Syria Campaign, which is dedicated to overthrowing the Assad government in Syria. The Syria Campaign relentlessly promotes the White Helmets in hopes of influencing Western public opinion against the Assad government and for regime change.
If the video is faked, The Syria Campaign and the White Helmets seem perfectly fine with putting out fraudulent material to push for regime change in Syria. The question then becomes: how many of their other videos are also fake?
The post Video Shows White Helmets Staging Fake Rescue In Syria appeared first on Shadowproof .

