ARTICLE

0 - items Only Geniuses & Schizophrenics Can Pass This 3 Question Quiz! 
Many neuroscientists estimate that as much as 98% of all brain activity is unconscious. Just think about that for a second '“ 98%. 
All that unconscious activity is influenced heavily by the world around its subconscious cues. To demonstrate that, we're going to call on a super cool quiz. The premise is simple; only geniuses and schizophrenics can answer the following three questions. Which one are you? Continue to find out! 
There are no hints! You either know it or you don't! 
The test you've just done relies on what researchers call the 'contraposition method.' This method tests the extent of a person's awareness and brain processing power. It's a super complicated method with tons of 'moving parts,' so to speak, but here's what you need to know for the purpose of this article: There are objects which one can reasonably say are unrelated. Most people would assume, for example, that a race car and a hurricane have very little connection. A genius who thinks outside of the box, however, would deduce some sort of connection. A schizophrenic patient would also deduce a connection because of the way the illness makes people see non-existent connections in just about everything. In other words, if the quiz in this article left you scratching your head, you're normal. If not, one of two things is true '“ you're brilliant, or you have schizophrenia. 
Don't worry, I won't leave you guessing. Here are some facts that will help you figure out which one you are: Geniuses will have taken their time to think before blurting a response. Did you get the answers right? What do you think '“ are you a schizophrenic or a genius? As far as the schizophrenia angle goes, this post is not a diagnostic tool. It can get you thinking about schizophrenia and, if you have concerns, you can see a psychiatrist for a proper evaluation. 
Sources: 

ARTICLE

Pomegranate Pistachio Pancakes 
A gluten-free pancake stack that can pass off as dessert? Yes please! 
These pomegranate pistachio pancakes contain no added sugar or grains '“ all you need is a banana and two eggs for a sweet and perfectly moist pancake. 
While you can top them with whatever you like, this pomegranate and pistachio version is great for fall. They add a pop of color, crunch, and flavor '“ perfect for Sunday brunch or whenever you're in the mood for a stack. 
Pomegranate Pistachio Pancakes 
1/4 tsp. almond or vanilla extract (optional) 1/8 tsp. baking powder (optional, for fluffier pancakes) 2 large eggs 1 Tbsp. unrefined coconut oil (or other oil) Â½ cup pomegranate arils 2 Tbsp. chopped pistachios 
Instructions: Peel the banana and break it into 4 parts in a bowl. Use a fork to mash it thoroughly into a pudding like consistency. Add the extract and baking powder if using. In another bowl, whisk the eggs together. Then, pour the eggs into the banana bowl, and mix well until thoroughly combined. It will be a very liquid-like consistency. Heat a skillet or griddle over medium heat. Add a few teaspoons of coconut oil. Use about 2 tablespoons of batter per pancake. Cook for about 1 minute. Sprinkle with a few pomegranate seeds before flipping and cooking an additional minute on the other side. Transfer the cooked pancakes to a plate, and stack them high. Top with additional pomegranate, pistachios, and maple syrup. 

Get the printable recipe here . 
Author: Maria Marlowe is an Integrative Nutrition Health Coach who helps people lose weight or clear up their acne by switching to a real food diet. She posts healthy recipes and meal plans at mariamarlowe.com . She has been featured in Vogue, The New York Times, NBC, Well + Good, and more. 
Download her free 3-Day Real Food Challenge Meal Plan , or follow her on Instagram @Maria_Marlowe and Facebook for more healthy recipes. GET FREE E-COURSE HERE Exclusive Newsletter, Video, Deals, Content And Video Updates GET INSTANT ACCESS 

