ARTICLE

Home Leftist Corruption Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-Destroying Wikileaks Gives Hillary An Ultimatum: QUIT, Or We Dump Something Life-Destroying Freedom Leftist Corruption , Leftist Perversion , News 0 
On Sunday, Wikileaks gave Hillary Clinton less than a 24-hour window to drop out of the race or they will dump something that will destroy her 'completely.” 
Recently, Julian Assange confirmed that WikiLeaks was not working with the Russian government , but in their pursuit of justice they are obligated to release anything that they can to bring light to a corrupt system – and who could possibly be more corrupt than Crooked Hillary? 
'The Clinton camp has been able to project a neo-McCarthyist hysteria that Russia is responsible for everything. Hillary Clinton has stated multiple times, falsely, that 17 US intelligence agencies had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That's false – we can say that the Russian government is not the source,” Assange said in a recent interview. 'Hillary Clinton is just one person. I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person, because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick – for example faint – as a result of going on, and going with their ambitions. But she represents a whole network of people, and a whole network of relationships with particular states.” 
'Hey, @HillaryClinton, you have until Monday to drop out, or we will destroy you completely,” the cryptic tweet says. 
It is unknown what information WikiLeaks has that has not already been released. Is it proof that Bill molested children when he was with his friend Epstein? Is it something, dare I say, worse? 
Part of me hopes that she stays in the race so we can find out what it is. The rest of me just wants her gone. 
Join The Resistance And Share This Article Now! 187 

ARTICLE

Home Election 2016 Hillary Collapses On Her Way To The Stage, Sellout Bruce Springsteen Covers For Her Hillary Collapses On Her Way To The Stage, Sellout Bruce Springsteen Covers For Her Stryker Election 2016 , Leftist Corruption , Liberals Behaving Like Liberals 0 
Hillary Clinton's sad last push for votes was supposed to culminate in a gathering of 'talent” the left was calling 'The Avengers of campaigning.” Hillary, Slick Willy, Barry Soetoro and Moochelle along with Creepy Uncle Joe Biden were to all come together at a huge show featuring hasbeens Bon Jovi and working class sellout Bruce Springsteen. 
From one libtard to the next, promises of work-free lives filled with food stamp steak and lobster flew amid delusional dreams of free college education for everyone and a health care system that will cure what ails you for eleven bucks a month, no questions asked. The $15 minimum wage and 90 percent tax on the people who have done well in America were celebrated with great vigor, until it came time for the woman of the hour herself to take the stage. 
Bruce Springsteen, acting as master of ceremonies, shouted over the roar of the feminist-laden crowd, 'Here she is, and I'm with her!” Unfortunately, she never appeared in the spotlight. 
Springsteen, after holding a finger to his earpiece, picked up his acoustic guitar and started slowly picking away a familiar tune. He turned to the audience and said: 
'You know, before the next President of the United States comes out here I want to make sure we're all ready. Are you ready?” The crowd cheered. 'If there's one thing we've always known about this amazing woman, one thing that w2as never in question, it's that she was born to run.” 
As the crowd went nuts for the popular song, interns and medical staff were reportedly attending to Clinton backstage after she collapsed from an unknown ailment. The press was quickly corralled and swept aside, but a couple of rogue stagehands tweeted about the incident before they were discovered and their posts deleted. This screenshot was grabbed within a minute of it being tweeted: 
Clinton is said to have looked pale and distant, unaware of her surroundings. As of the writing of this article, Springsteen was still playing his set. Join The Resistance And Share This Article Now! 234 

ARTICLE

Humor Home Trump Van Full Of Illegals Shows Up To Vote Clinton At SIX Polling Places, Still Think Voter Fraud Is A Myth? Van Full Of Illegals Shows Up To Vote Clinton At SIX Polling Places, Still Think Voter Fraud Is A Myth? Freedom Trump 8 
Democrats want you to think voter fraud is a myth, but that's because the Democrat Party benefits so much from it. In July, Election Justice USA, for example, reported that without Clinton's team committing egregious acts of voter fraud, Sanders would have been the man to lose to Donald Trump in the national election. Instead, we have Pantsuits McCriminal, and what happened Friday is absolute proof that she will do literally anything to win. 
Fox 10 Phoenix reports that nine illegal immigrants complete with fake identification and voter registration cards, and stolen social security numbers, voted at around 9 am a Desert Wind Middle School in Pinal County. At 10:30, the very same white van carrying the very same illegals was spotted at Santa Rosa Elementary School and they voted there as well. Just two hours later, the same group showed up at the Global Water Center to cast their vote. 
By this point, poll workers had been notified and one of those Poll Watchers liberals hate so much pretended to take a poll and asked them whom they had voted for. In broken English, one man who identified himself as Jose Gutierrez said 'I am voting for Hillary Clinton many times.” 
And vote many times he did. Mr. 'Gutierrez” and friends voted in two more locations, their spree ending in Maricopa County where a Sheriff was waiting for them. The nine beloved 'undocumented persons” as Democrats call them were arrested and charged with attempted in-person voter fraud and several other charges. Unfortunately, only one will be deported. 
'They were just enthusiastic. Most of these people do not have criminal records before this,” an immigration official says, 'with the exception of Enrique Calderon of Mexico.” The official explained that Calderon is wanted on two counts of rape and six counts of drug trafficking back in Mexico, where he will be returning soon. 
Why aren't the rest being sent back with him? Ask Obama. Join The Resistance And Share This Article Now! 338.1k 

ARTICLE

Humor Home Leftist Corruption Lady Gaga's Twitter Attack On Melania Trump Lands Her In Handcuffs When The Two Meet Face To Face Lady Gaga's Twitter Attack On Melania Trump Lands Her In Handcuffs When The Two Meet Face To Face Stryker Leftist Corruption , Liberals Behaving Like Liberals , Social Justice Warriors 4 
After Melania Trump's brilliant speech about cyberbullying went viral, leftist elites immediately began attacking her. It seems they consider her husband, the next President of the United States, to be a cyber bully himself because he likes to tell the truth on Twitter. 
One of those leftists, Lady Gaga, Tweeted an insult at Mrs. Trump that probably deserved some kind of snarky, rude response, but the future First Lady has far too much class for that. She proved it yet again Sunday night when the two came face to face in New York City. Gaga, or GooGoo as she should be called, proved yet again that she has no class, shouting 'whore” and 'go back to YOUR country” at Melania from across a sidewalk being cleared by the Secret Service. 
Mrs. Trump, class act that she is, simply smiled at the overrated pop star, which seemed to enrage the little ball of hate even more. Witnesses say that they saw GooGoo throw something at Mrs. Trump, which is where the Secret Service stepped in. 
The New York Post tried to reach out to the NYPD after it was reported that GooGoo was taken away in a black Yukon in handcuffs, but as of yet there's no record of an arrest. You can rest assured if this incident isn't prosecuted by the corrupt liberals in the city government that the less-than-lady will be staring down the barrel of a multi-million dollar lawsuit. Join The Resistance And Share This Article Now! 67.9k 

