ARTICLE

US impunity erodes world justice By Nicolas J S Davies Posted on October 27, 2016 by Nicolas J S Davies 
In the past week, Burundi and South Africa have joined Namibia in declaring their intention to withdraw from the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court (ICC). They are likely to be followed by a parade of other African countries, jeopardizing the future of an international court that has prosecuted 39 officials from eight African countries but has failed to indict a single person who is not African. 
Ironically, African countries were among the first to embrace the ICC, so it is a striking turnaround that they are now the first to give up on it. 
But it is the United States that has played the leading role in preventing the ICC from fulfilling the universal mandate for which it was formed, to hold officials of all countries accountable for the worst crimes in the world: genocide; crimes against humanity; and war crimes—not least the crime of international aggression, which the judges at Nuremberg defined as 'the supreme international crime' from which all other war crimes follow. 
As the ICC's founding father, former Nuremberg prosecutor Benjamin Ferencz, lamented in 2011 , 'You don't have to be a criminologist to realize that if you want to deter a crime, you must persuade potential criminals that, if they commit crimes, they will be hauled into court and be held accountable. It is the policy of the United States to do just the opposite as far as the crime of aggression is concerned. Our government has gone to great pains to be sure that no American will be tried by any international criminal court for the supreme crime of illegal war-making.' 
The U.S. has not only refused to accept the jurisdiction of the ICC over its own citizens. It has gone further, pressuring other countries to sign Bilateral Immunity Agreements (BIA), in which they renounce the right to refer U.S. citizens to the ICC for war crimes committed on their territory. 
The U.S. has also threatened to cut off U.S. aid to countries that refuse to sign them. The BIAs violate those countries' own commitments under the ICC statute, and the U.S. pressure to sign them has been rightly condemned as an outrageous effort to ensure impunity for U.S. war crimes. 
Resistance to U.S. impunity 
To the credit of our international neighbors, this U.S. strategy has met with substantial resistance. The European Parliament overwhelmingly passed a resolution stating that BIAs are incompatible with E.U. membership, and urged E.U. member states and countries seeking E.U. membership not to sign them. 
Fifty-four countries have publicly refused to sign BIAs , and 24 have accepted cut-offs of U.S. aid as a consequence of their refusal. Of 102 countries that have signed a BIA , only 48 are members of the ICC in any case, and only 15 of those countries are on record as having ratified the BIAs in their own parliaments. 
Thirty-two other ICC members have apparently allowed BIAs to take effect without parliamentary ratification, but this has been challenged by their own country's legal experts in many cases. 
The U.S. campaign to undermine the ICC is part of a much broader effort by the U.S. government to evade all forms of accountability under the laws that are supposed to govern international behavior in the modern world, even as it continues to masquerade as a global champion of the rule of law. 
The treaties that U.S. policy systematically violates today were crafted by American statesmen and diplomats, working with their foreign colleagues, to build a world where all people would enjoy some basic protections from the worst atrocities, instead of being subject only to the law of the jungle or 'might makes right.' 
U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child and other multilateral treaties that our country ignores, violates or refuses to ratify. 
a billion dollars per year on public relations or, more bluntly, propaganda, including $600 million from the Pentagon budget. The work of its P.R. teams and contractors is laundered by U.S. newspapers and repeated and analyzed ad nauseam by monolithic, flag-waving TV networks. 
'information warfare' machine presents the United States as a global leader for democracy, human rights and the rule of law, even as it systematically and catastrophically undermines those same principles. It enables our leaders to loudly and persuasively demonize other countries and their leaders as dangerous violators of international law, even as the U.S. and its allies commit far worse crimes. 
similar assault on Mosul . Both attacks are killing civilians and reducing much of a city to rubble; the rationale is the same, counterterrorism; and there are many more people in the line of fire in Mosul than in east Aleppo. 
U.N. Charter to attack at least eight countries (Yugoslavia, Afghanistan, Iraq, Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia, Libya and Syria), and the resulting wars have killed about two million people . 
ate new interventions and escalations as if we are the fire brigade not the arsonists. (By contrast, the U.S. government and the Western media are quick to accuse Russia or other countries of 'aggression' even in legally murky situations, such as after the U.S.-backed coup in 2014 that ousted the elected president of Ukraine.) 
are an integral part of U.S. war-making. Most are shrouded in secrecy, and the propaganda machine spins the atrocities that slip through into the public record as a disconnected series of aberrations, accidents and 'bad apples,' instead of as the result of illegal rules of engagement and unlawful orders from higher-ups. 
his Nobel lecture to speak about the real role that the U.S. plays in the world and how it whitewashes its crimes. Pinter recounted a meeting at the U.S. Embassy in London in the 1980s in which a senior embassy official, Raymond Seitz, flatly denied U.S. war crimes against Nicaragua for which the U.S. was in fact convicted of aggression by the International Court of Justice (ICJ). Seitz went on to serve as Assistant Secretary of State, U.S. Ambassador to the U.K., and then vice-chairman of Lehman Brothers. 
nducted throughout the world. It was never-ending. And it is as if it never happened. 
'The United States supported and in many cases engendered every right-wing military dictatorship in the world after the end of the Second World War. I refer to Indonesia, Greece, Uruguay, Brazil, Paraguay, Haiti, Turkey, the Philippines, Guatemala, El Salvador, and, of course, Chile. The horror the United States inflicted upon Chile in 1973 can never be purged and can never be forgiven. 
'Hundreds of thousands of deaths took place throughout these countries. Did they take place? And are they in all cases attributable to US foreign policy? The answer is yes they did take place and they are attributable to American foreign policy. But you wouldn't know it. 
'It never happened. Nothing ever happened. Even while it was happening it wasn't happening. It didn't matter. It was of no interest. The crimes of the United States have been systematic, constant, vicious, remorseless, but very few people have actually talked about them. You have to hand it to America. It has exercised a quite clinical manipulation of power worldwide while masquerading as a force for universal good. It's a brilliant, even witty, highly successful act of hypnosis.' 
If in 2016 the world seems to be more violent and chaotic than ever, it is not because the United States lacks the will to use force or project power, as both major party candidates for president and their military advisers appear to believe, but because our leaders have placed too much stock in the illegal threat and use of force and have lost faith in the rule of law, international cooperation and diplomacy. 
After a century of commercial dominance, and 75 years of investing disproportionately in weapons, military forces and geopolitical schemes, perhaps it is understandable that U.S. leaders have forgotten how to deal fairly and respectfully with our international neighbors. But it is no longer an option to muddle along, leaving a trail of death, ruin and chaos in our wake, counting on an elaborate propaganda machine to minimize the blowback on our country and our lives. 
Sooner rather than later, Americans and our leaders must knuckle down and master the very different attitudes and skills we will need to become law-abiding global citizens in a peaceful, sustainable, multipolar world. 
Nicolas J S Davies is the author of 'Blood On Our Hands: the American Invasion and Destruction of Iraq.' He also wrote the chapters on 'Obama at War' in 'Grading the 44th President: a Report Card on Barack Obama's First Term as a Progressive Leader.' Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

US impunity erodes world justice → Deficit hysteria invades the presidential campaign The smog of decades-old fiscal wars crept into the final debate—and the folks who want to cut Social Security managed to sneak in. By Todd Gitlin Posted on October 27, 2016 by Todd Gitlin 
Whether you think Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton prevailed in last week's debate—Clinton by sounding like an adult, Trump by clenching his jaw to keep from foaming at the mouth—one undisputed winner was an entity called the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget . That awkward mouthful adorns a letterhead think tank that moderator Chris Wallace cited twice as an authority on the purportedly world-shattering dangers of government overspending. 
The CRFB wears the bluest of ribbons at the forefront of the parade of worthies who have been shaking their fists at a falling fiscal sky for decades. Let's call them the Responsibles. They are a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bowles-Simpson-Peterson Establishment, which has long crusaded to cut Social Security benefits and otherwise put federal government spending in a chokehold. Erskine Bowles is the financier and onetime White House chief of staff for former President Bill Clinton, who has apparently never met a corporate board he didn't like to join. Alan Simpson is the former Republican senator from staunchly Republican Wyoming who once likened Peter G. Peterson is a billionaire who served as President Richard M. Nixon's Commerce secretary, a veteran of the Wall Street investment firms Lehman and Blackstone who has been beating the drums for public austerity since at least 1992. In 2010, Peterson joined Warren Buffett and Bill Gates in agreeing to give half their wealth to charity. On the receiving end of Peterson's largesse, reputed to add up to $458 million between 2007 and 2011, was the foundation that has sported his name 
If Trump were a normal Republican candidate, we would have heard a great deal more about nightmarish debt and entitlement crises during this campaign. Even as Republican presidents from Reagan to George W. Bush ran up the deficit and Bill Clinton ran surpluses, Republicans and Blue-Dog Democrats have thundered consistently on—deficit, deficit DEFICIT, brought on by tax-and-spend liberals . This was the theme song behind the so-called sequester deal of 2012 
Officially, these worthies can lay claim to the label because they do feature center-right Democrats (Leon Panetta is the best known) to lend a certain sheen. Former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul A. Volcker enjoys widespread esteem, so when he co-authors a New York Times op-ed with Peterson, and refuses to engage the progressive counterarguments , the conventional wisdom gets one more boost and the regressiveness of their argument is obscured. 
Volcker and Peterson allow that bending the medical cost curve would help Medicare in the long run, but fail to acknowledge that the long run has already arrived. Panicky Americans are left to quaver at the unwarranted expectation that Social Security will go bust before they get to collect. Volcker and Peterson ignore the promise of progressive taxation. A financial transaction (or Robin Hood ) tax does not interest them. Neither does cracking down on the corporate practice of tax evasion with shell games of offshoring profits . The appallingly regressive nature of the Social Security payroll tax does not catch their eyes. As the New America Foundation's Steven Hill wrote in July 
Calling proposals to balance the budget by further cutting the social safety net 'nonpartisan' disguises the skewed nature of the center-right consensus that chokes off grown-up debate on the options. Americans are allergic to straightforward ideological disputation, so if we're not looking closely, we regard 'nonpartisanship' as a surrogate for 'fairness and balance.' There's not a progressive in the Responsible pack. But why should there be? However willing clear-headed progressives are to acknowledge that government spending is not a sure-fire solution to everything that ails the body politic—not even close—they think that a good deal of unnecessary suffering could be avoided with the judicious use of deficits. This prospect 
American politics is deadlocked in no small part because of received opinion—what Paul Krugman This post was first published on BillMoyers.com 
Todd Gitlin is a professor of journalism and sociology and chair of the Ph.D. program in communications at Columbia University. He is the author of 16 books , including several on journalism and politics. His next book is a novel, The Opposition. Follow him on Twitter: @toddgitlin

ARTICLE

Israel's Lieberman threatens Gazans with genocide By Stephen Lendman Posted on October 
How long will Israelis put up with racist, fascist governance threatening their security and well- 
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net. His new book as editor and contributor is ' Flashpoint in Ukraine: US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III .' Visit his blog at sjlendman.blogspot.com . Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink

ARTICLE

Preventing cultural genocide with the Mother Tongue policy in Eritrea By Thomas C. Mountain Posted on October 27, 2016 by Thomas C. Mountain 
The small east African nation of Eritrea has implemented the Mother Tongue policy nationwide to prevent cultural genocide within its nine different ethnic groups. 
This is done by educating all children in tribal environments in their mother tongue until literacy at grade 5. By making sure that the ethnic minorities learn to read and write in their mother tongue the Eritrean Government is making sure that their culture survives as well, for without one's language one cannot practice your culture. 
Historically destroying peoples mother tongue is the means used to carry out a policy of cultural genocide with many thousands of dialects having disappeared during the Western colonial and neo colonial era. Today many of the languages that remain are threatened by the children of these ethnic groups not being literate in their mother tongue which will almost inevitably lead to the loss of their identity, their language and their culture. 
It has not been easy for Eritrea, hammered by global warming, drought, sand, economically disadvantaged due to Western inflicted sanctions and embargoes and with 9 tribes with 9 languages, some of which have never had a written language, the challenge of implementing the Mother Tongue policy for all our tribes has been hard work. 
It has been well over a decade now that the policy has become the practice nationwide and the next generation of Eritrean youth from all our 9 tribes are literate in their mother tongue, a policy the whole world needs to adopt. 
Thomas C. Mountain is an independent journalist in Eritrea, living and reporting from here since 2006. His speeches, interviews and articles can be seen on Facebook at thomascmountain and he can best be reached at . This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

I' Two of Mohammed' 
Generally, I use Mohammed's words, quoting him in a first person narrative. He told the story of their desperate life-threatening journey over a year ago. They went to Finland with the hope that fewer refugees would travel so far, that they would get asylum quicker and be reunited with their family, Mohammed's wife and the other six children in Iraq. Together with a small group of friends, Kathy Kelly and I were able to visit them in Finland in the deep winter cold this past January. We were able to bring them for a few days from the camp to Helsinki where they were warmly r 
In late June, Mohammed wrote us about the depression and frustration among refugees in their camp as many of them were getting rejected for asylum. He wrote that even Iraqi refugees from Fallujah, Ramadi and Mosel were getting rejections. 'I don't know what I will do if I get a bad answer. For the last three weeks only bad answers are coming.' 
'Today I got the immigration decision that my case was rejected. Me and Ahmed are not welcomed to Finland. Thanks for everything you did.' The next day he wrote again. 'Today is one of the heaviest days of my life. Everybody, my son, my cousin and myself . . . we just kept silent. We are shocked from the decision. Losing my brother, jailed for 2 years, kidnapped, tortured, losing my house, parents, father-in-law, death threat letter and assassination attempt. Over 50 relatives killed. What more must I give them for them to believe me? Only one thing I forgot, to submit my death certificate. I feel I am being slaughtered. I don't know what to tell my wife and children [in Baghdad]. 
We have since learned that Finland is granting residency to only 10% of asylum seekers. An appeal is in progress, and several people have written letters on Mohammed' 
In the meantime, the situation in Iraq and in Baghdad continues to worsen in terms of daily explosions, suicide bombings, assassinations, kidnappings, ISIS, police, army and militia activity. His wife lives in a particularly open and vulnerable rural area. His brother, who used to live a stone's throw away, had to flee with his family several months ago due to death threats. This left Mohammed's wife and children without protection. During Ramadan Mohammed wrote, 'The situation is really terrible during these days. My wife was planning to take the kids to her mother's village during EID but she cancelled this idea.' On another occasion he wrote, 'My wife is very worried about our second oldest son, afraid he will be kidnapped. She is thinking of moving from the village. Today we argued very hard as she blames me, telling me that I said we would be reunited within 6 months. 
On two recent occasions armed uniformed men came to Mohammed's house seeking information about Mohammed and Ahmed. Mohammed wrote, 'Yesterday at 5 a.m., the house was raided by armed official military guys in uniforms. Maybe the police? Maybe the militia or ISIS?' It is hard to imagine the fright of Mohammed's defenseless wife and the children, the youngest of whom is only 3 years old. It is hard to imagine Mohammed and Ahmed's fright being so far away. At times Mohammed's wife has hidden the oldest boy in the reeds by their house, afraid he will be recruited by force by ISIS or the militia! She has also been afraid to send the children to school because the security situation is so dangerous. She is angry at Mohammed, scared and not understanding why they have not been reunited after a year' 
Recently Mohammed emailed, 'Honestly, Cathy, every night I am thinking of returning home and ending these arguments. Living away from your beloved kids is really hard. If I get killed alongside of my family, then everyone will understand why we had to leave and the arguments will finish. Even the Finnish immigration will understand that what I told them was true. But the next morning I changed my mind and decided to await the court's final decision. 
'Every night I am afraid from the next morning's news from my family. My daughter asked me by phone last week 'Dad, when can we live together again. I am now 14 years and you have been away so long.' She broke my heart. 
Just a few days ago he wrote, 'I'm so happy because the ice has melted between my wife and I. My little boy, 6 years, and his youngest daughter, 8 years, went to school today. My wife is so brave. . . . She decided to pay for a school bus for all of the kids. She said, 'I believe in God and I am sending the children and taking the risk.' 
This entry was posted in Special Reports . Bookmark the permalink

ARTICLE

Terrifying': AT&T spying on Americans for profit, new documents reveal 'If companies are allowed to operate in this manner without repercussions, our democracy has no future' By Nadia Prupis Posted on October 28, 2016 by Nadia Prupis 
Telecommunications giant AT&T is spying on Americans for profit and helped law enforcement agencies investigate everything from the so-called war on drugs to Medicaid fraud—all at taxpayers' expense, according to new reporting by The Daily Beast . 
The program, known as Project Hemisphere, allowed state and local agencies to conduct warrantless searches of trillions of call records and other cellular data—such as 'where a target is located, with whom he speaks, and potentially why'—for a massive range of investigations, the Beast 's Kenneth Lipp reports. In one case examined by the news outlet, a sheriff's office in Victorville, California, used Hemisphere to track down a homicide suspect. 
Hemisphere was first revealed by the New York Times in 2013, but was described at the time as a 'partnership' between AT&T and drug enforcement agencies used in counter-narcotics operations. 
Neither, it turns out, is entirely true. 
Lipp writes: 
AT&T's own documentation—reported here by The Daily Beast for the first time—shows Hemisphere was used far beyond the war on drugs to include everything from investigations of homicide to Medicaid fraud. 
'partnership' but rather a product AT&T developed, marketed, and sold at a cost of millions of dollars per year to taxpayers. No warrant is required to make use of the company's massive trove of data, according to AT&T documents, only a promise from law enforcement to not disclose Hemisphere if an investigation using it becomes public. 
&T seeks to buy out Time Warner in a mega-merger that media watchdogs are warning would create 'dangerous concentrations of political and economic power.' 
said Tuesday , 'The for-profit spying program that these documents detail is more terrifying than the illegal [National Security Agency] surveillance programs that Edward Snowden exposed. Far beyond the NSA and FBI, these tools are accessible to a wide range of law enforcement officers including local police, without a warrant, as long as they pay up.' 
It makes me sick to my stomach thinking about it,' Greer said. 
&T went above and beyond to make the operation profitable, Lipp writes. ACLU technology policy analyst Christopher Soghoian told the Beast , Companies have to give this data to law enforcement upon request, if they have it. AT&T doesn't have to data-mine its database to help police come up with new numbers to investigate.' 
This document here is striking,' Schwartz told Beast . I've seen documents produced by the government regarding Hemisphere, but this is the first time I've seen an AT&T document which requires parallel construction in a service to government. It's very troubling and not the way law enforcement should work in this country.' 
At a minimum there is a very serious question whether they should be doing it without a warrant. A benefit to the parallel construction is they never have to face that crucible. Then the judge, the defendant, the general public, the media, and elected officials never know that AT&T and police across America funded by the White House are using the world's largest metadata database to surveil people,' he said. 
'Customers trusted AT&T with some of their most private information, and the company turned around and literally built a product to sell that information to as many government agencies and police departments as they could. Not only did they fail to have any safeguards to prevent unauthorized use of the data, they actually required law enforcement to keep the program secret and dig up or fabricate other evidence, to hide the fact that they'd received information from AT&T.' 
&T to shut down the program and on the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate Hemisphere and reveal all the cases in which it was used. 
If companies are allowed to operate in this manner without repercussions, our democracy has no future,' Greer said. 
Common Dreams staff writer. Special Reports   .

ARTICLE

The war on UNESCO: Al-Aqsa Mosque is Palestinian and East Jerusalem is illegally occupied By Ramzy Baroud 
Did Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi actually read the full text of the UNESCO resolution on Palestine and Israel, before he raved with anger ? 
'I think this is a mistaken, inconceivable resolution,' he said. 
'It is not possible to continue with these resolutions at the UN and UNESCO that aim to attack Israel. It is shocking and I have ordered that we stop taking this position (his country's abstention) even if it means diverging from the position taken by the rest of Europe,' he added. 
Renzi, who became prime minister in 2014 at the relatively young age of 39 knows exactly how the game is played. In order to win favor with Washington, he must first please Tel Aviv. 
His country has abstained from the October 12 vote on a resolution that condemns Israel's violations of the cultural and legal status of Occupied East Jerusalem. This decision has ignited the ire of Israeli Ambassador to Rome Ofer Zaks who riled up the Jewish community in Italy to protest the abstention. Renzi, in turn, was converted into a champion of the 'Temple Mount,' the name Israel uses to describe the Palestinian Muslim holy site. 
Renzi cravenly went on damage control mode without truly understanding the nature of the resolution, which merely condemned Israel's obvious violations of international law, and only calls for Israel to respect the status of Palestinian culture in the occupied city. 
None of procedures that led to the vote on the UNESCO's resolution —voted by 24–6, with 26 abstentions—violated protocol, nor was any of the wording inconsistent with international law. In fact, UNESCO was merely doing its job: attempting to protect and preserve the historical and cultural heritage of the world. 
Jerusalem is a sacred and a holy city to a majority of humanity, simply because it is significant to the spiritual wellbeing of the adherents of the three monotheistic religions. In fact, the resolution stated so : 'Affirming the importance of the Old City of Jerusalem and its Walls for the three monotheistic religions . . .' 
Renzi's outburst is quite disappointing, to say the least, for the young, eager politician simply tried to score cheap political points with Israel—thus the United States—without a full, or even partial comprehension of what the UNESCO resolution resolved. Nor did he seem aware of the fact that such text is largely a repeat of what has been discussed by the world's leading cultural organization in April, and repeatedly before that date. 
'If anyone wants to say something about Israel, let them say it, but they should not use UNESCO . . . To say that the Jews have no links to Jerusalem is like saying the sun creates darkness,' he said, paraphrasing the sentiment displayed by the Israeli Prime Minister. 
It would be rather sad if Renzi sees a mentor in Benjamin Netanyahu, for the latter is one of the least liked world leaders who has made a mockery of international forums and derided the United Nations itself as anti-Semitic and its process as 'theater of the absurd.' 
This is what Netanyahu had said in response to the resolution and shortly before he suspended his country's membership in UNESCO. Using a language that is as amusing as his cartoon depiction of the Iranian nuclear bomb in his famous UN spectacle in 2012, he said: 'To say that Israel has no connection to the Temple Mount and the Western Wall is like saying that China has no connection to the Great Wall of China or that Egypt has no connection to the Pyramids.' 
Other Israeli officials followed suit with a chorus of denunciations, included Israeli President Reuven Rivilin, who described the decision as an 'embarrassment' for UNESCO. Culture Minister, Miri Regev, cut to the chase, by labeling the resolution 'shameful and anti-Semitic.' 
In fact, it was neither. 
In addition to Renzi's odd reaction, the United States and other Western governments reacted with exaggerated anger, again without even addressing the situation on the ground, which prompted the resolution—and numerous other UN resolutions in the past—in the first place. 
Even the Czech parliament jumped on board , voting to condemn what they described as a 'hateful, anti-Israel' sentiment.' 
I have read the resolution repeatedly to pinpoint the specific text that could possibly be understood by Israel's friends as hateful, to no avail. The entirety of the text was based on past international conventions, resolutions, international law, and refers to Israel as the Occupying Power, as per the diktat of the Geneva Conventions. 
The Italian, Czech, American anger is, of course, misdirected and is largely political theater. 
But, of course, there is an important context that they refuse to address. 
Israel is working diligently to appropriate Muslim and Christian heritage in East Jerusalem, a city that is designated by international law as illegally occupied. 
The Israeli army and police have restricted the movement of Palestinian worshipers and is excavating under the foundation of the third holiest Muslim shrine, Haram al-Sharif, in search of a mythological Temple. 
In the process of doing so, numerous Palestinians, trying to defend their mosque from the attacks staged by Israeli occupation forces and extremist Jewish groups, have been killed. 
How is UNESCO to react to this? 
The resolution merely, 'called on Israel' to 'allow for the restoration of the historic status quo that prevailed until September 2000, under which the Jordanian Awqaf (Religious Foundation) Department exercised exclusive authority on Al-Aqṣa Mosque/Al-Ḥaram Al-Sharif.' 
Moreover, it 'stressed,' the 'urgent need of the implementation of the UNESCO reactive monitoring mission to the Old City of Jerusalem and its Walls.' 
Where is the 'hate' and 'anti-Semitism' in that? 
Israel's anger is, of course, fathomable. For nearly fifty years, following the illegal occupation and annexation of the Palestinian Arab city, Israel has done everything it could possibly do to strip the city of its universal appeal and Arab heritage, and make it exclusive to Jews only—thus the slogan of Jerusalem being Israel's 'eternal and undivided capital.' 
Israel is angry because, after five decades of ceaseless efforts, neither UNESCO nor other UN institutions will accept Israel's practices and designations. In 2011, following the admission of 'Palestine' as a member state, Israel ranted and raved as well, resulting in the US cutting off funding to UNESCO. 
The latest resolution indicates 
Since its establishment atop Palestinian towns and village, Israel has been on a mission to rename everything Arabic with Hebrew alternatives 
Dr. Ramzy Baroud has been writing about the Middle East for over 20 years. He is an internationally-syndicated columnist, a media consultant, an author of several books and the founder of PalestineChronicle.com. His books include 'Searching Jenin,' 'The Second Palestinian Intifada' and his latest 'My Father Was a Freedom Fighter: Gaza's Untold Story.' His website is www.ramzybaroud.net This entry was posted in Commentary  

ARTICLE

Crossing the Acheron: Back to Vietnam By Luciana Bohne Posted on October 31, 2016 by Luciana Bohne 
In classical mythology, the Acheron is one of the rivers of the Underworld. It marks the boundary between the living and the dead. The ferryman, Charon, ferries the dead across the Acheron to a place where they lose memory. Nothing of what made them human remains—happiness, suffering, love, hatred, guilt, regret, redemption, betrayal, forgiveness. 
From Gilgamesh to Odysseus to Aeneas, the living heroes of the epic descend into the Underworld at a point of despair in the sense of their quest. Burdened by a fate that requires momentous courage and tragic self-sacrifice for the sake of their people's survival, they resent the absurdity of their lot. Down there on a visit, they return from the shadow land strengthened. They recognize that the business of living is not oblivion but action. 
John Marciano's recently published book, The American War in Vietnam: Crime or Commemoration ? functions as such a Charon in reverse. It ferries readers back to the realm of remembering. This slim volume could not have come at a more opportune moment. American political culture is punch-drunk with the pursuit of war. The altered state is reaching the point of delirium tremens. Thwarted in the neocolonial scheme of annexing Syria by Russia's legal intervention, the American elite are pushing for confrontation. Though it is hard to think the unthinkable, the nuclear holocaust may happen if not by intention then by spontaneous combustion from over-intoxication with the fumes of war. 
This reckless confrontation results from decades of accumulated unaccountable power. Its boldness reflects a cumulative experience of impunity for aggressive behavior by soft and hard neocolonial postures since the end of WW II. The war in Vietnam, as Marciano suggests, should have functioned as the lesson that checked the nation's historical thrust for conquest, but the turning point would have required a national effort to relinquish the myth of the Noble Cause, the delusion that America is vested with a divine mandate to assimilate the people of the world to the American image—for the people's own good. Britain had its White Man's Burden; France its mission civilatrise ; America its Manifest Destiny. 
This timely volume traces the war to the apocalyptic finale of the most powerful military in the world defeated by the determination, courage, and self-sacrifice of a peasant people unwilling to be enslaved. But this is as much a book about the past as it is about the present. It reminds us, with Tolstoy, 'The reality of war is in the killing,' a realization officialdom would like to block. In fact, they have prepared a falsifying celebration of that moral and military debacle. 
As Marciano writes in his introduction, 'In May 2012, President Barack Obama and the Pentagon announced a Commemoration of the Vietnam War to continue through 2025, the fiftieth anniversary of the conflict's end. Among the Commemoration's objectives, three stand out: 'to thank and honor' veterans and their families . . . 'to highlight the advances in technology, science, and medicine related to military research conducted during' the war; and to 'recognize the contributions and sacrifices made by the allies.'' 
President Obama claimed in the commemoration announcement speech that the war had been 'an honorable cause.' Marciano challenges this notion. America's historic ideology of the Noble Cause, he writes, rests on the belief that the United States is 'A unique force for good in the world, superior not only in its military and economic power, but in the quality of its government and institutions, the character and morality of its people, and its way of life.' 
This is the mystical bigotry of a messianic faith typical of empires. Imperial militarism seeks in a Noble Cause the justification for subjugating large chunks of humanity. In the distant past, the Noble Cause may have received the sword directly from a god—as it did in postcolonial America when it sought to exterminate the native inhabitants. By the anointment of the sword, the divinity also endowed, supposedly, the conquering 'race' with moral superiority. Thus, imperialism, in the perverse arrogance of its twisted psyche, contains the germ of genocide. As a result, the superstition of a superior 'race' has been endured by most of the 'races' on the planet as a most Ignoble Cause. In Vietnam alone, the Big Lie of the Noble Cause sent four million Vietnamese to their death. 
Marciano leaves us in no doubt that the White House and the Pentagon are commemorating a crime. They are falsifying history in order to shape the future, which will be and is the reenactment of the war against Vietnam on a global scale. They want to establish the altar for a 'sacred union,' the nation united behind the Noble Cause of war. On the altar will sit the fetish of the export of the 'miracle of democracy, ' in reality the imposition of regimes of terror such as the Vietnam War planners established in Saigon. We see today in Ukraine that the 'miracle of democracy,' brought to Kiev by the US in 2014 to the tune of five billion dollars, amounts to a handful of dry dust, collected from the WW II graveyard of European Nazism, inciting a lot of blind, anti-democratic and noxious nationalism. 
As through a glass darkly, Marciano shows us that in the war crime against Vietnam we can see reflected the crimes perpetrated today from Afghanistan to Yemen, from Iraq to Syria, from Yugoslavia to Libya and across the African continent. As in Vietnam (the fakery of the Gulf of Tonkin incident), today's war are based on fabricated pretexts; as in Vietnam (napalm and agent orange), today's wars are chemical wars (depleted uranium for Yugoslavia and Iraq; white phosphorus for Falluja); as in Vietnam (Hanoi and Haiphong) the bombings destroy urban life, vital infrastructure, schools and hospitals; as in Vietnam (Laos, Cambodia) the bombings spreads out (today to Yemen); as in Vietnam (Ho Chi Minh) the leaders who resist US penetration are demonized (Milosevic, Saddam, Qaddafi, Assad) as enemies of humanity. As in Vietnam, all the wars of today are fought mostly to prevent or reverse independence and self-determination of former colonial places. 
Finally, as in Vietnam the USSR, today's Russia is emerging as the displacement of all the guilt that weighs on the shoulders of the Noble Cause. The Washington Post recently wrote 'the Kremlin annexed Ukraine.' I read it twice—not 'annexed Crimea,' the standard disinformation, but the whole of Ukraine! Does one laugh or weep? Does one have to take a hallucinogenic to see Russian flags and images of Putin blanketing Kiev instead of neo-Nazi emblems and images of Bandera? 
The next president will certainly be Hillary Clinton, whom I call 'the centripetal president.' From Republicans to Democrats to neocons, all converge on endorsing the war candidate. In her consensus war regime, the elite will decide everything. We will not be consulted. This is why The American War in Vietnam: Crime or Commemoration? is a vital read. It calls for our re-democratization to question our leaders, to be skeptical of the media, to avert our eyes from the petrifying stare of the Medusa decked with the aegis of the Noble Cause; to challenge—even ridicule–the vaunted humanitarianism of an elite of bloodhounds baying for war; to refuse to commemorate war crimes and to work to stop them. 
Above all, we need to remember that the crimes of other governments are the responsibility of the people of those governments—not of our bombs. Though our elite have given to themselves the power and the right to remake the map of the world by force, we need to reassert the legal principle of non-intervention in the internal affairs of a sovereign states if we are serious about peace. We, citizens, do not have the right (or the power, unless we line up behind the power of the militarist state) to change the practices of other states, but we do have the right to demand change for those of our own. Let's start exercising that right. We did for Vietnam; we can do it again. Commemorate the people who protested the war in Vietnam, not the crime the governing elite committed there in our name, as Marciano's book amply documents. 
The US government is now engaged in waging eight wars. We better get busy. 
Luciana Bohne is an Intrepid Report Associate Editor. She is co-founder of Film Criticism, a journal of cinema studies, and taught at Edinboro University in Pennsylvania. She can be reached at: . This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by Frank Scott 
'The greatest objective of mankind in this century should be to eradicate imperialism and capitalism as models for society.'—Evo Morales 
As we approach the end of our most recent contamination of the ideal of national democracy with possibly its worst example we would do well to consider the words of a democratically elected leader of a nation that could teach us about the word's meaning. 
A representative of the real majority of his people, a former farm worker who rose to the presidency on the shoulders of ordinary Bolivians and not the bank books of his nation's rich, Evo Morales and his supporters understand more about the state of the world than many of us understand about the state of our nation. Whichever of the ruling parties' unpopular wretches is elected on November 8, they will contradict Morales's words, possibly with more savagery than ever before, and the need for a political economic transformation of America and the world will become greater than ever before. 
Our ruling oligarchs have reacted with a vengeance in suppressing two dangerously democratic threats to their dominance. First, Bernie Sanders leading a popular movement motivated by social desire, and second a more ego centered individualist struggle led by an economic billionaire and intellectual pauper, usually a winning combination in the empire of capital but not this time. In fact, the populace has received daily bulletins about Donald Trump's outrageous practice of capitalism and its profitable by-products of division by dollar, race and sex. Who knew? 
If we are to believe polls which measure how much we absorb the message of our consciousness controllers, the assault on our collective mentality has never been as blatant, corrupt, single minded and seemingly successful; we will soon coronate a historic first for the empire as the glass ceiling above the CEO presiding over the slaughters perpetrated by our warfare state will be broken and a woman will lead the foreign policy that creates many people of color: blood red. 
The further destruction of the Muslim world and the creation of more terrorists who murder us because we murder them will continue. Heart breaking photos of a Palestinian, Yemeni, Iraqi or Syrian parent carrying what used to be a son or daughter, reduced to a bloody pulp form of unidentifiable gender fluidity by an Israeli, French, British or German aimed, American created bomb, will not go viral. Only those dramatic and sometimes staged photos of alleged victims of America's adversaries are assured such coverage, while we beseech one and all to take in refugees created by our destruction of their nations. 
Frighteningly worse for all of us than terrorist attacks would be a nuclear war that could happen if Russia reacts with as much arrogance and stupidity as the USA and responds to menacing provocation on its borders to enter such a confrontation that could spell the end of everything. 
Hopefully, there will be enough Americans who identify with humanity's wholeness and refuse forced acceptance of membership in a fictitious minority with warped identity sense that makes it somehow less or more politically correct by having different genitals, skin tones or belief systems and remaining oblivious to being members of the one and only race: human. 
Historic problems dating back to the nation's origins in being brutally stolen from the original inhabitants, built on slave and indentured servant labor abused in order to create wealth enough to trickle down on what many of the descendants found a middle class status in a dream society that offered material hope to many but depended on continued exploitation of many more to maintain a lie. We are a nation built at the expense of the semi-voluntary poor thrown out of Europe, Asia and Africa to become supporters of a national dream nearing a nightmare for too many and needing a wakeup call from the world, in the words of Morales. 
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, our supposed ideal, obviously has nothing to do with the present owned and operated by great wealth entity that can be defined as democracy the way that rape can be defined as love. But as long as great wealth maintains dominance and keeps democratic power from the rest of us in part by controlling what we think we know, genuine concern about government can be played as a skirmish between the supporters of a market without any control and supporters of a market with minimal control, both assuring that wealth will be defended, only differing in how much of it will accrue to the minority rulers, how quickly it will occur and how acceptable that will be found by the poorly informed. 
Neither government nor banking nor finance will work for the majority of the people until the people create democracy in deed as opposed to the sham we have. As long as minorities, growing smaller in number as their private wealth grows larger, are allowed to dominate there is no difference between modern capitalism and ancient feudalism. We now tolerate billionaires whose material wealth and power would stagger some phony royal/god/pharaoh of the ancient past and our innumeracy in failing to understand that—how the hell does anyone have a billion dollars while more than a billion humans survive (?) on not much more than a couple of dollars a day?—while we are fed a steady diet of consumerist garbage by these rulers can only change when we grow angry enough at what is happening to the planet we live on and most of its people by having it and us treated as products in a free market where nothing is free, all to benefit them while we carry the ever more staggering cost. For openers, we ought not to vote for the lesser evil deadly duo but the greater good of Jill Stein and the Greens and then join any group opting for change that is systemic and not simply individual. 
The Trump and San 
Frank Scott's political commentary and satire is online at legalienate.blogspot.com

ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by Gilad Atzmon 
Over the years, American governments have invested in building a huge infrastructure designed, in the name of public safety and national security, to spy on each and every one of us. 
It was the whistleblower Edward Snowdon who taught us about the extent of the cooperation between the NSA, telecommunication companies and European governments. Some of us were extremely concerned about these revelations while others learned to live with them—but very few of us realised that sooner rather than later, it would be we the people who actually gained such free access to the secrets of our big brothers. 
Just a week or so before the American presidential election, it has become clear that, rather than them looking at us and making us feel vulnerable and exposed, it is actually us, the people, who are sitting in front of our TV screens being entertained by Clinton's emails and the revelations about her ties with the most horrible people on the planet. 
It seems as if us 'little brothers' are growing tired of our 'big brother' and such a realisation points to a shift in consciousness that could lead to complete social revolution. The awareness is certainly here already. 
Gilad Atzmon is an Israeli jazz musician, author and political activist. His new book, 'The Wandering Who,' may be ordered from amazon.com or amazon.co.uk .

ARTICLE

Was the airstrike in Syria Killing 22 schoolchildren another US false flag? Russian defense says so By Joachim Hagopian Posted on October 31, 2016 by Joachim Hagopian 
The Western media seizes every chance to twist the truth in favor of another round of Putin bashing as its worn out flimsy excuse to escalate further hostilities against Moscow in order to trigger World War III. 
The pathological liars of the West never fail to deceitfully add fuel to their propaganda war machine fire. The latest hype is blaming a Russian airstrike for destroying a school in the rebel held Idlib Province in northern Syria, killing 22 children and six teachers. 
Immediately the UN, as the Washington vassal it is, through the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), for added sensational effect no less, began opportunistically milking the tragedy for all it's worth, denouncing the killing as 'an outrage' and probable war crime, adding that it's the deadliest attack on a school in the near six-year Syrian conflict. What's being left out of this heavily biased narrative is that the war in Syria was maliciously started by the United States, specifically the CIA funding protests in 2011 (actually as far back as 2005 ) targeting Assad as part of its infamous Arab Spring uprising in accordance with Empire's illegal regime change policy. As an independent, secular leader unwilling to succumb to Empire's pressure to allow a 2009 proposed Qatar gas pipeline to Europe be built through his country, the fixated neocons have been gunning for Assad's removal ever since. 
Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov explained that after closer examination and careful analysis, the video released to Western media allegedly depicting the airstrike in Idlib Province consists of more than ten separate pieces of footage fragmented together. Thus, it appears to be a hoax designed to incriminate the Russian aerospace group for killing innocent kids. 
He added, 'As one can see on a photo from the Russian drone, the roof of the school is not damaged and there are no bomb craters in the area adjacent to the school . . . All this means that the UNICEF leadership fell a victim to a new deception of swindlers in White Helmets. That is why, before making loud statements, UNICEF officials should check sources of their information in order not to undermine reputation of a respected organization.' 
Of course, this latest false flag isn't the first time Russia's been falsely blamed for attacks in Syria. Through CIA and military intelligence, the West has an elaborate network of anti-Russian and anti-Assad provocateurs waging staged events to implicate and vilify Putin and Assad as the enemy. General Konashenkov mentioned the White Helmets as part of the organized setup of US false flag operations in Syria. 
A former UK military intelligence officer owns the private security company responsible for training and handling the so-called White Helmets, discredited Syrian provocateurs pretending to be Syria's Civil Defense corps regularly staging fake photo-ops after US backed terrorist groups kill innocent civilians making it appear that Assad and Putin are willfully and inhumanely murdering them. This latest school tragedy appears no different as incident after incident has been exposed in recent months. 
Like last month's attack on that UN humanitarian aid convoy north of Aleppo, engineered by Western intelligence working with the terrorists to accuse Russia of yet another airstrike that didn't happen, covering up the a rocket attack perpetrated by the US backed al Nusra Front (forget their recent name change designed to distance themselves from being US proxy war terrorists no different from al Qaeda or ISIS/Daesh/Islamic State). Bottom line, Terrorists-R-US, Inc . 
In this latest propaganda ploy, on-the-ground eyewitness reports vis-à-vis White helmets state that 10 airstrikes around midday on Wednesday were responsible for striking the residential compound containing two schools in session at the time resulting in the bloodbath. Of course the go-to propagandist organization out of London that the Western media never fails to quote, the already outed fraudulent Syrian Observatory of Human Rights consisting of one anti-Assad expatriated Syrian, began immediately pointing the finger at Russia, like Clinton, Obama and all the Western axis-of-evil liars determined to demonize Putin and Russia as false justification for starting their next world war . 
In response to the tragedy, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova on Thursday called for an urgent international investigation without delay. She had this reaction to the Western pressitutes blaming her nation: 'This is not surprising, but at the same time it deserves the strongest criticism. Al-Jazeera, The Independent, and other mass media sharing the same attitude to the journalistic profession at once blamed the tragedy on Russia, on the Russian aerospace group and on the Syrian armed forces. They claimed outright that it was a bombardment carried out by Russia and Syria. This is a lie. Russia has nothing to with that terrible tragedy, with that attack.' 
Zakharova also mentioned concern that the UN humanitarian relief in Syria has not nearly been enough to evacuate the wounded and sick from East Aleppo after Russia and Syria agreed to a humanitarian pause there several days ago. However, US backed rebels and snipers fired on civilians attempting to leave the city. Moreover, the US took full advantage of the lull in the Russian-Syrian fighting by opportunistically resupplying their terrorists on the ground with 50 ton airdrops of fresh ammo and weapons. Again, clearly it's the US that's the war crime culprit, needlessly causing only more war and more deaths in the war ravaged nation reeling from nearly a half million lives lost. 
Another reality check for the Washington neocon war maniacs determined to blame Russia for all the ills of the world (including the corrupt US political system responsible for the rigged election ) as their deceptive sleight of hand brainwash to feebly cover up their own slaughterhouse carnage raping our planet, just one day prior to the Idlib school violence, the Beirut branch of Amnesty International (AI) chastised the US led coalition pretending to fight the terrorists for its wanton killing of civilians in Syria as 'collateral war damage.' The inhumanities that Empire commits is never admitted or acknowledged but instead constant lies claiming that Russian and Syrian forces are cold-bloodedly mowing down innocents continue nonstop. The hubris and hypocrisy stemming from Washington's rotten core is American exceptionalism at its diabolical worse. 
Deputy Director for research at the Beirut Amnesty International office Lynn Maalouf , stated, 'It's high time the US authorities came clean about the full extent of the civilian damage caused by coalition attacks in Syria. We fear the US-led coalition is significantly underestimating the harm caused to civilians in its operations in Syria.' 
AI estimates that in 11 US coalition airstrikes since September 2014 killed more than 300 civilians in Syria. Maalouf maintains that in each case, 'the coalition forces failed to take adequate precautions to minimize harm to civilians and damage to civilian objects.' So who's really the inhumane kid-killing bad guy in Syria? Definitely not Russia nor the Syrian government but once again the enemy of the world, the US Empire. 
Ultimately to silence this never-ending US blame game against Moscow, the Russian ambassador to the UN on Thursday began circulating the original September 9 US-Russian peace treaty to the UN Security Council as well as to the UN Geneva branch. This document clearly shows that Russia has exhausted every sincere effort to bring an end to the war in Syria and stop global terrorism but the United States and its Western lackeys have willfully and deceitfully sabotaged that process at every turn in order to save their precious terrorists and endless war on terror. The evildoers behind the lifted curtain are exposed and guilty as charged. 
Or how can we forget that Obama staged false flag attack in August 2013 when the liar-in-chief falsely blamed Assad for sarin gassing his own Syrian children in the nearby Damascus suburb of Ghouta . Despite the real child murderers being Obama and his backed rebels, he and Hillary created soon to be named ISIS, the Manchurian president given the mission to destroy America and his then recently resigned secretary of state designated to be his successor to finish the job were trying to launch airstrikes on Syria to start World War III over three years ago. Putin outsmarted the US traitors in charge by brokering the last minute deal for Assad to turn in his chemical weapons arsenal. But with White House approval, US backed terrorists guilty of the Ghouta massacre are still using their Saudi and Turkish supplied chemical weapons to kill Syrian civilians even to this very day. Where are the humanitarian cries about those war crime atrocities? 
Or what about all the civilians dying in Syria from mortar shelling of residential neighborhoods in West Aleppo? A mere one day after the Idlib school bombing, the US backed al Nusra fired rockets in two locations in West Aleppo, one a school killing six children under the age of 16 and injuring more than a dozen others. In response to the Thursday school bombing in West Aleppo by US backed terrorists, the Aleppo police chief Zuher Said Aldin commented, 'There are no military units there, only schools. Nevertheless, militants carried out a strike on this area, moreover, when classes were underway. Innocent children were killed, they just wanted to study.' 
But where are all the humanitarian cries against US financed and supported terrorists constantly murdering innocents throughout the Middle East and North Africa? Conveniently absent, because the US plotters of wars around the world couldn't care less about any dead children anywhere on this planet. 
Or the 10,000 civilians in Yemen slaughtered by the US backed Saudi coalition consisting of US Special Force boots on the ground and more al Qaeda and ISIS terrorists, deployed there as well, in addition to Israeli and Gulf State airstrikes and now US destroyers pounding the Yemen coast killing more civilians with cruise missiles after yet more US false flag claims that the Houthis fired missiles at the US Navy without any evidence to prove it. Where are the sanctimonious humanitarian cries over dead Yemeni children? 
This historic, incessant use of false flags designed to bri 
Joachim Hagopian is a West Point graduate and former US Army officer. He has written a manuscript based on his unique military experience entitled 'Don't Let The Bastards Getcha Down.' It examines and focuses on US international relations, leadership and national security issues. After the military, Joachim earned a master's degree in Clinical Psychology and worked as a licensed therapist in the mental health field with abused youth and adolescents for more than a quarter century. In recent years he has focused on his writing, becoming an alternative media journalist. His blog site is at empireexposed.blogspot.co.id/ This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink

ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by Linh Dinh 
Over three days last week, at least 150 blacks attacked whites at random around Temple University. Victims were surrounded, punched and kicked. Wallets and phones were stolen. Rocks were thrown at passing cars. When cops showed up, one was knocked from her bike and a police horse was even punched twice in the muzzle. 
Most of the assaults took place on Friday. On Saturday, Joe Lauletta, a father of one victim, reported on FaceBook : 
I spent last night in the ER at St. Mary's HospitaI. I received a call from my daughter Christina after my son's football game. She was crying, I couldn't understand her, my heart dropped, I became scared, I said 'what is the matter?' 'Dad, I was jumped, I'm beat up pretty bad. Where r u? Temple, they stole my phone. We're heading to the police station.' I do not hear from her until she gets to her apartment. Rage is running through my mind the whole time. She said she is getting a ride home and wants to go to St. Mary's. I find out that her and her 2 male friends where badly beaten by a group of 30–40 black teenagers on their way home from the Temple football game. This happened after they got off the subway at Broad and Cecil B Moore. These sick animals held her down and kicked and stomped on her repeatedly. Thank god, the people from the pizza place intervened. They arrested 2 people at the scene. I have not let Christina out of my sight, she is resting. Every part of her body is badly bruised, it makes me cry just thinking about it. No broken bones. If you have children at Temple, tell them to be careful. Please keep Christina Lauletta in your thoughts. 
CBS Philadelphia describes another victim's ordeal: 
Zaria Estes , was given a 2 ½-6 year sentence. 
catch and wreck , knock out game or flash mob, and it can happen at parks, shopping malls, state fairs or even your living room. 
beating . Had these girls not posted their exhilarating workout on Facebook, they might never have been caught. 
explains : 
reading programs in place, tutored high schoolers and even talked to their own students about respecting longtime community residents. But Temple would be wise to reach out into the community with an eye toward creating stronger relationships and greater opportunities for the young people who've been pushed aside by a generation of exclusionary development. 
The community would be wise to reach back. 
So these attackers are among 'people who've been pushed aside by a generation of exclusionary development.' Like many urban universities, Temple is surrounded by black ghettos , but these are being gentrified thanks to a steady influx of white suburbanites and immigrants. 
If you're barely treading water, and your rent jacks up because of gentrification, you'll be pissed too. Who wants to be evicted? Blacks, though, are always the victims, and never agents, of any neighborhood's improvement. Why is that? 
In Detroit, a post-apocalypse ghetto of burnt out houses, gutted factories and urban raccoons, Mexicans revived a section near downtown. Unlike the rest of Detroit, there are plenty of restaurants and shops in Mexicantown, and it's perfectly safe to walk around. 
If there were fewer Mexicans, blacks would have more jobs, obviously, so why are our borders wide open? In ' Race and Crime in America,' Ron Unz suggests that Hispanics are being imported to replace blacks. They can do the same jobs, sans mayhem. In 1992, East Palo Alto had the highest murder rate in all of America. Then a transformation happened as Hispanics flooded in. Ron Unz: 
Over the last twenty years, the homicide rate in that small city dropped by 85%, with similar huge declines in other crime categories as well, thereby transforming a miserable ghetto into a pleasant working-class community, now featuring new office complexes, luxury hotels, and large regional shopping centers. Multi-billionaire Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife recently purchased a large $9 million home just a few hundred feet from the East Palo Alto border, a decision that would have been unthinkable during the early 1990s. 
The more blacks there are in a neighborhood, the more crimes, the lower the housing values and the more dysfunctional the public schools, and everyone knows this, including, say, a fresh-off-the-boat immigrant from Mali or Bangladesh. Black maladaptation is only getting worse. 
What you have, then, is a group that will largely be excluded from better jobs, universities and housing. As long as the United States shall last, blacks will be an underclass. Their symbolic successes, as in having a half-black president, can't gloss over the fact that the majority of them are barely afloat. 
The in-state tuition for Temple University is $15,688, and the school accepts 56% of its applicants. It's reasonably priced and easy to get in. Only 13.1% of Temple students are black, however, in a city with 44.1% blacks. Before you charge racism, do consider what Walter Williams has to say : 
Among high-school students who graduated in 2014 and took the ACT college readiness exam, here's how various racial/ethnic groups fared when it came to meeting the ACT's college readiness benchmarks in at least three of the four subjects: Asians, 57 percent; whites, 49 percent; Hispanics, 23 percent; and blacks, 11 percent. However, the college rates of enrollment of these groups were: Asians, 80 percent; whites, 69 percent; Hispanics, 60 percent; and blacks, 57 percent. 
Though all races are being admitted to college too liberally, blacks benefit the most, for only 1/5th of blacks in universities should even be there. Feeling out of place, blacks across the country are demanding separate dormitories. 
Blacks are also given preferred treatment when it comes to government jobs and contracts, so the academy, state and media are all in their favor, yet their failures have only increased. 
In Ethnic America, Thomas Sowell observes, 'The [black] race as a whole has moved from a position of utter destitution—in money, knowledge, and rights—to a place alongside other groups emerging in the great struggles of life. None have had to come from so far back to join their fellow Americans.' 
Having achieved not just civic equality but, at times, even favored treatment, blacks still often find themselves on the losing end of life's struggles. If you dare to suggest that individual blacks should bear at least some responsibilities for their failures, however, you will be branded a racist. 
So I'm a racist for writing this, Walter Williams is a racist for pointing out that most blacks attending college shouldn't be there, and Joe Lauletta is a racist for calling his daughter's attackers 'sick animals.' Everyone is a racist except those 150+ blacks who attacked whites unprovoked. 
To many black apologists, blacks can't be guilty of anything, be it murder, rape, a brick across your face or even racism, because everything they do is just a response to relentless white racism. I'll insist, though, that these black apologists are the worst racists of all, because to deny someone of moral agency is to reduce him to an animal. 
As for the media, their steady suppression or excuse of black misbehavior is an encouragement of even worse. This has to be intentional. They're enabling more riots, more catch and wrecks, more knock out games. 
Teaching in Germany, I showed my students the Philadelphia Police Department's YouTube channel, without comments. One video after another had a black person assaulting or robbing somebody. When a Hispanic criminal suddenly appeared in the 9th video or so, some students couldn't help but grin, for they were fleetingly spared of the monotony. 
Since the students wanted to learn about the US, I gave them an authentic, unedited glimpse. At their local cinema, Straight Out of Compton was playing. It's very cool to act black in Germany . 
Of course, black apologists will claim that American blacks only rob because they're oppressed and poor, though I don't see how this explains the 22,000+ black-on-white rapes/sexual assaults reported yearly, as compared to zero white-on-black sexual attacks. (See table 42 of the Department of Justice's Criminal Victimization in the United States reports for 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , 2007 and 2008 , the last year available.) Oh yes, white women are so fetishized, blacks can't help but rape them. None of them can help doing anything, I get it. What a gross insult this is to decent blacks. 
Again, to deny someone of moral agency is to reduce him to an animal. 
Linh Dinh is the author of two books of stories, five of poems, and a novel, Love Like Hate . He's tracking our deteriorating socialscape through his frequently updated photo blog, Postcards from the End of America . This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Paranoid apoplexy over the Russkies By Jacob Hornberger Posted on October 28, 2016 by Jacob Hornberger 
As I watch the paranoid apoplexy that U.S. officials and their acolytes in the mainstream press are displaying over the hacking of Democratic Party computers and the disclosure of their emails, I'm tempted to say that it might all be some sort of karmic justice. But since I'm a Christian rather than a Buddhist, I'm more tempted to say that it might all be a ratification of the principle, 'You get what you sow.' 
Consider their accusation: that it was the Russkies who did the hacking and the disclosing of those emails. Is there any evidence that they've shown us? None! But heaven help anyone who points that out. He will be labeled a lover and defender of Vladimir Putin as well as an American who hates America, one who dares to doubt the word of the U.S. 'intelligence establishment.' Why, they might even insinuate that he is a communist or a communist sympathizer, as they did during the old Cold War. 
When it comes to U.S. national-security state accusations against Russia, Americans are supposed to do what they were expected to do during the previous Cold War: hop to, salute, pledge allegiance, and unconditionally accept the conclusions of the U.S. 'intelligence community.' Sort of like when they were expected to blindly support the invasion of Iraq based on those WMD conclusions that were being issued by the national-security establishment. 
Don't ask questions. Just defer to their authority. They know what's best for us. They have access to information we don't have. They're just protecting 'national security.' 
Evidence? Who needs any stinking evidence? Everyone knows that the Russkies do these sorts of things. It has to be them. Who else? 
Never mind that these people lie from time to time. Recall Director of National Intelligence James Clapper who lied under oath to Congress about the NSA's super-secret illegal surveillance scheme on the American people. (Of course nothing happened to him.) Or CIA Director Richard Helm's lying to Congress about the CIA's super-secret schemes in Chile to effect regime change there. (He was permitted to plead out to a misdemeanor and hailed as hero back at CIA headquarters.) 
In fact, the subject of Chile raises the possibility that the paranoid apoplexy that these people are experiencing over Russia's supposed efforts to influence U.S. elections might be some sort of psychological payback for all the things that the U.S. national-security establishment has done to influence elections in other countries. 
In the 1960s, one could be forgiven for concluding that the CIA was a super-secret political party in Chile, given the millions of dollars that the CIA spent to support its candidates in Chile's elections. Of course, that wasn't the worst of it. When the 1970 presidential election failed to go the CIA's way, it bribed members of the Chilean legislature, bribed national food truckers to go on strike, assassinated an innocent man (Rene Schneider, the head of Chile's armed forces), orchestrated a violent military coup that left the democratically elected president of Chile dead, and then supported a regime that raped, tortured, executed, and assassinated thousands of innocent people, including two innocent Americans, Charles Horman and Frank Teruggi . 
And they're complaining of a few hacked emails belonging to some U.S. political hacks? 
Don't forget Guatemala. When the Guatemalan people elected Jacobo Arbenz to be their president, U.S. national-security state officials were outraged because he was a socialist (just like Franklin Roosevelt and Lyndon Johnson, who brought us Social Security and Medicare). So, the CIA did some interfering with that election by instigating a violent military coup in Guatemala, one that sent that nation into a 30-year civil war that killed hundreds of thousands of people. 
What about Iran, where the CIA decided that it would do a some influencing in an election in that country by instigating a coup that ousted the democratically elected prime minister of the country? Americans and Iranians are still paying the price for that bit of influencing. 
Lest anyone think that those democracy-busting regime changes are ancient history and that the U.S. national-security establishment has reformed itself, let's not forget the massive amount of weaponry and foreign aid that is poured into the coffers of Egypt's brutal military dictatorship, which ousted a democratically elected president it didn't like. 
If there weren't so many innocent people who have suffered death, rape, torture, execution, and assassination from U.S. interference with the elections of other countries, the rank hypocrisy would be rather humorous. The simple fact of the matter is that U.S. officials lack moral standing to complain about any foreign regime's supposedly influencing U.S. elections. 
I'd be remiss if I failed to point out one humorous aspect of this karmic or you-get-what-you-sow experience. U.S. officials just arrested a national-security state official and charged him with stealing U.S. national-security secret secrets. What are the secrets he stole? He stole secret codes that enable U.S. officials to hack into the computers of foreign regimes! How's that for a bit of dark irony? It's just a matter of time before they say that Putin is using the codes that their man stole to hack into the email accounts of Democratic Party hacks. 
One final question: Why are U.S. officials and their mainstream press supporters complaining that everyone is reading those Democratic Party emails? As those people say to Americans who have had their emails, Internet visits, and telephone calls monitored by the NSA, if you have nothing to hide, what are you worried about? This work by MWC News is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License . 
Jacob G. Hornberger is founder and president of The Future of Freedom Foundation. This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Anxiety grows among GOP congressional staffers By Wayne Madsen Posted on October 28, 2016 by Wayne Madsen 
With their bosses away campaigning, some for their political lives, a number of Republican staffers in Congress are growing anxious over their future employment. With the Senate now favored to be transferred to Democratic control, GOP staffers for members up for re-election on November 8, as well as Republican staffers assigned to various Senate committees and subcommittees, are shopping around their resumes. 
Although more senior staff can always expect to find employment with Washington's many lobbying firms and policy-wonkish institutes and foundations, that is not necessarily the case with younger staffers who may find their future options being limited to Starbuck's baristas and Uber drivers. 
On the House of Representatives side, Republicans are expected to lose a number of seats in a Democratic wave but GOP control of the House, barring a dramatic shift, is expected to remain in Republican hands. However, staffers for GOP members who are in close races or facing certain defeat are also scurrying around Washington looking for future employment. 
In what could be termed poetic justice, many Republican staffers who helped push their bosses' memes against government 'entitlement' programs, including unemployment benefits, may be among the first in line at District of Columbia, Virginia, and Maryland state unemployment offices come December. Previously published in the Wayne Madsen Report . Copyright © 2016 WayneMadenReport.com 
Wayne Madsen is a Washington, DC-based investigative journalist and nationally-distributed columnist. He is the editor and publisher of the Wayne Madsen Report (subscription required) . This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Hurricane Mathew vs. shock and awe of empire By Philip A Farruggio Posted on October 28, 2016 by Philip A Farruggio 
On Friday, October 7, we were awaiting the hurricane named Mathew that was fast approaching Daytona Beach Florida. My wife and I were hunkered down in our master bedroom in what was supposed to be the safest part of our townhome, that being the western part. 
Mathew was slowly getting closer from the east, and the winds were picking up. At around 11 A.M., a category 3 monster attacked us with its shock and awe. As we were ready to crawl into our bedroom closet, with our two kitty cats in their travel cases in the bathroom, the 100 mph winds were causing havoc to our neighborhood. I went past the barricade of our two chests of drawers to peer out the bedroom windows. I could see the pine trees out back just bending to and fro. At that moment I felt this uneasy, frightened feeling in my gut. I was scared shit! I looked at my wife and tried to hide the desperation that overwhelmed me . . . thoughts of all of us being killed by a tree crashing into our bedroom! 
Moments later, before we went into the closet to ride this devil out, a crash! A powerful crash that felt like a bomb had hit our house. Boom! I ran to the window and saw where the pine tree behind our house had snapped from the middle, flying into us. Then the heavy rain had found its way into our domain. It ran like a fountain down the walls! We used up every towel and comforter we had in our home to soak up as much as we could . . . for two hours we did this, and then the storm began to ease up. 
A neighbor down the street from us invited us to go and stay in her late father's empty house. It literally took us two hours to finally have the courage to leave our home, run to our car outside, pack it with clothes and our kittens and drive down the street. There were two pine trees wavering out front, looking like they were ready to crush our parked car. Fallen trees and debris made our street look like perhaps Berlin in April of 1945. 
I wish everyone, and I mean everyone who had 'waved the flag' and vociferously supported our country's attacks on Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya, using shock and awe in all instances, could have been here with my wife and me on that fateful day a few weeks ago. To experience what we went through for but a few hours, and then pause and study the damage our carpet bombing campaigns had done to the people of those three nations would be most enlightening to say the least. Imagine being a mother and father with a few small children, hunkered down in some highly vulnerable home, and hearing the ghastly whistle sound of the bombs being dropped on them. Take that one solitary boom and shock that we heard and felt on October 7 here in Daytona, and multiply it by a hundred recurrences over a period of days or weeks. Seeing your child's arm or eye blown away, with the blood flowing like that rain down the walls of my home, and maybe then one can realize just how brutal our Shock and Awe was. 
It's so easy for the two empire's puppets, Trump and Clinton, to talk of being tough and powerful, when it isn't their families that are under the jackboot of Uncle Sam. Shame on them! And shame on those of you out there who will support leaders and wanna be leaders who strut like peacocks waving MY flag. Yes, MY flag should not be for sale. Too many good men and women have lost their lives for it. Too many other good men and women have lost their limbs, eyes and even their brains because of phony Shock and Awe con men whom they believed in. 
Philip A Farruggio is son and grandson of Brooklyn, NY, longshoremen. A graduate of Brooklyn College (class of '74 with a BA in Speech & Theater), he is a freelance columnist posted on World News Trust, Nation of Change Blog, Op Ed News,TheSleuthJournal.com, Intrepid Report, Information Clearing House, Dandelion Salad, Activist Post, Dissident Voice, Counterpunch and many other sites worldwide. Philip works as an environmental products sales rep and has been a street corner protest activist leader and Green Party member since 2000. In 2010 he became a local spokesperson for the 25% Solution Movement to Save Our Cities by cutting military spending 25%. Philip can be reached at . This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Canada and EU sign 'thoroughly undemocratic' CETA trade deal Opposition groups note that the deal could still fail legal scrutiny and ratification in Europe By Nadia Prupis 
Canada and the European Union signed the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) on Sunday amid widespread protests against the controversial deal that came back to life after negotiations stalled over objections from Wallonia, Belgium. 
Environmental and democracy groups who opposed the agreement issued cautious statements condemning the signing but noting that CETA was not a done deal. 
'This agreement will probably not survive the democratic and legal scrutiny of the ratification process over the coming months. It's time for our governments to break rank with corporate lobbyists and redesign a trade policy that respects democracy and promotes the public interest,' said Shira Stanton, trade policy adviser at Greenpeace EU. 
CETA now faces a vote in the European Parliament and ratification by the parliaments of the EU's 28 countries. 
If it passes, CETA would create a legal system that allows corporations to sue governments for perceived loss of profit. That framework will also be put to scrutiny by the European Court of Justice and the German constitutional court, and if it fails to stand up would invalidate CETA. 
The deal has long been opposed on the grounds that it would harm human rights, democracy, and the climate, among other risks. 
Alfred de Zayas, the United Nations independent expert on the promotion of a democratic and equitable international order, said in a statement Saturday that each country should hold a referendum on signing the deal before doing so, warning that it was a 'corporate-driven, fundamentally flawed treaty.' 
'There is a legitimate fear that CETA will dilute environmental standards, food security, and health and labor protection,' he said. 'A treaty that strengthens the position of investors, transnational corporations, and monopolies at the expense of the public interest conflicts with the duty of states to protect all people under their jurisdiction from internal and external threats.' 
Global Justice Now (GJN) trade and migration campaigner Guido Tallman tweeted a picture of the massive deal and wrote, 'Here's CETA. Any MEP planning to vote for it, should be sure to read it first. All of it. So they know what they're voting for.' 
Throughout Europe this weekend, CETA opponents took to the streets to protest the signing. In London on Saturday, many posed outside the European Commission office dressed as zombies to symbolize CETA's seeming resurrection, urging commissioners to 'stop CETA rising from the dead.' 
In Brussels, some protesters broke through a barricade and attempted to storm the European Commission building before being dragged away by police. 
GJN executive director Nick Dearden said Saturday , 'The signing ceremony . . . means that CETA has been brought back from the dead for now—but it is a ticking time bomb. The Wallonia parliament has a promise that they will be able to stop the ratification of CETA when they get a formal vote on it, and unless there are substantial changes, they—and hopefully other parliaments—will use that veto.' 
'CETA would open up our government to a deluge of court cases by North American multinational corporations and investors,' Dearden continued. 'It presents a threat to our ability to protect the environment, to protect the public and to limit the power of big banks. It's thoroughly undemocratic and must be stopped.' 
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License 
Nadia Prupis is a Common Dreams staff writer. Special Reports . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

UN special rapporteur on Palestine blasts Israe By Stephen Lendman 
How many years of illegal Israeli occupation of Palestine are too many? How long will the international community tolerate its vicious persecution of millions of defenseless people? 
How long will its longstanding slow-motion genocide policy be allowed to continue unchallenged? 
Every day is Kristallnacht in Palestine, especially in lawlessly blockaded Gaza under siege, subject to Israeli terror-bombing and incursions at its discretion, slaughtering civilians indiscriminately because who'll intervene responsibly to stop the horrors Palestinians endure. 
In his first report to the UN General Assembly, Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Palestine Michael Lynk described deplorable conditions, unacceptable, yet persisting, with nothing in prospect likely to change things without international community intervention. 
Calling for an end to nearly half a century of illegal occupation, he said that '[t]he Palestinian economy is without parallel in the modern world. Israel's occupation is denying Palestine's right to development and severely hampering its ability to attain even the minimum targets of the Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ).' 
Israel systematically breaches fundamental international laws unaccountably. Apartheid worse than South Africa's is institutionalized. State terror is official policy. Israel treats Palestinians the way Hitler persecuted Jews. 
'Poverty is rising,' said Lynk. 'Unemployment is rising to epic levels. Food insecurity is becoming more acute. The Palestinian economy is becoming more stifled and less viable under the occupation. Israel's deliberate fragmentation of [Occupied Palestine] and lack of development has negatively impacted human rights.' 
Conditions are 'seriously deficient in its respect for the legal principles and obligations embedded within the right to development.' 
'The deepening of the occupation, the constriction of basic human rights and the utter absence of a political horizon leading to self-determination for the Palestinians have reinforced an atmosphere of despair and hopelessness.' 
Praising regional human rights groups for their courage and commitment to justice, Lynk explained that '[t]hey face scorn and worse . . . If a just and compassionate peace is ever to come to the Middle East, we will owe much to these fearless advocates.' 
In mid-October, in testimony before Security Council members, B'Tselem Executive Director Hagai El-Ad called for UN action to end nearly half a century of illegal Israeli occupation. 
Israeli UN envoy Danny Danon accused him of 'defam[ing] us in front of the international community.' Israel threatened to revoke his citizenship. 
Human rights workers for Palestinian liberation risk life and liberty. El-Ad concluded his remarks, saying: 'For most of my country's existence, the world has allowed it to occupy another people. I have lived my entire life, every single day of it, with that reality.' 
'Millions of Israelis and Palestinians know no other reality. We need your help. Fifty years of 'temporary' occupation are too long for even a single person on this planet to accept such a contradiction in terms.' 
'The rights of Palestinians must be realized; the occupation must end; the UN Security Council must act; and the time is now.' 
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net. His new book as editor and contributor is ' Flashpoint in Ukraine: US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III .' Visit his blog at sjlendman.blogspot.com . Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network. It airs three times weekly: live on Sundays at 1PM Central time plus two prerecorded archived programs. Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

6 'miracle' drugs Big Pharma now regrets With Big Pharma, first they promote it, then they discover the risks. By Martha Rosenberg Posted on November 1, 2016 by Martha Rosenberg 
Are you depressed? It may have less to do with your mood than your birth control pills, high blood pressure pills, antibiotics or even anti-hair-loss drug, according to new research. New risks have also emerged with popular gastroesophageal reflux disease medicines and even the top-selling painkiller, Tylenol. 
There are two reasons the risks associated with popular drugs seem to trail their aggressive promotion. Certainly, as millions use brand name drugs, dangerous side effects and adverse events are seen that did not emerge in much smaller clinical trials. Who knew? But also, as Intrepid Report has noted before, dangerous side effects that might be considered major drawbacks to prescribing the drugs often emerge only when drugs have gone 'off patent' and all their profit potential is realized. For both reasons, drug safety activists recommend waiting five years before taking a 'new' drug—until it is not 'new' anymore. 
Here are drugs and drug classes that have raised new concerns. 
1. Proton Pump Inhibitors 
One of Pharma's most successful gambits has been its proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) like Nexium (the 'Purple Pill') and Prilosec that reduce stomach acid. To sell the drugs, Pharma aggressively raised 'awareness' of gastroesophageal reflux disease or GERD a rare condition which, over time, can change the lining of the esophagus and lead to cancer. Actually, most PPI users have simple heartburn. Even babies are now given PPIs for 'baby reflux' because they spit up 71 times a day—a normal occurrence that has been pathologized. 
are addictive. 'Once a patient has taken a PPI for longer than a few weeks, acid hypersecretion can occur on discontinuation,' says a recent article in Pharmaceutical Journal. 'This causes rebound symptoms, and frequently establishes a vicious cycle of drug reinitiation and long-term continuation.' 
Clostridium difficile ('C Diff'), bone thinning and fractures and vitamin and mineral deficiencies to chronic kidney disease and heart attacks. Now there is a new reported risk: dementia. 
JAMA Neurology of 73, 679 people 75 or older with no dementia and taking PPIs found the patients 'had a significantly increased risk of incident dementia compared with the patients not receiving PPI.' Other studies have also found a link. 
fluoroquinolone class which includes Cipro and Levaquin. Even as the FDA tries to curtail use of antibiotics on the nation's farms to make animals grow faster (a use which accounts for most U.S. antibiotic sales) drug use on the farm is actually increasing. The FDA's 2014 Summary Report on Antimicrobials Sold or Distributed for Use in Food Producing Animals reveals that cephalosporin sales increased by 57 percent between 2009 through 2014, sales of antibiotics like clindamycin increased by 150 percent and sales of antibiotics like gentamicin, a dangerous drug class, increased by 36 percent. 
1974, Navy recruits were given antibiotics to see if they would gain weight, and after only seven weeks, they did. Similar results were seen in children in Guatemala and in babies . But making people fat or encouraging antibiotic resistant microbes like MRSA are the least of the risks, it turns out. 
the bacteria in our gut, the microbiome, which antibiotics compromise as they kill the 'bad' bacteria, are responsible for much more than good digestion. Antibiotics also affect the brain and 'influence our mood and temperament,' says food expert Michael Pollan. 'If you transplant the gut microbiota of relaxed and adventurous mice into the guts of timid and anxious mice they become less stressed and more adventurous.' Antibiotic-affected microbiomes may also be behind asthma and autoimmune diseases, acn published reports. 

The Doctors' Case Against the Pill by Barbara Seaman was published, Wisconsin senator Gaylord Nelson held hearings about clear links between the Pill and depression, blood clots and decrease in libido cited nowhere on the label. No women were asked to speak at the hearings, moving Alice Wolfson, a co-founder of the National Women's Health Network, to say, 'It must be admitted that women make superb guinea pigs. They don't cost anything, they feed themselves, they clean their own cages, pay for their own pills, and remunerate the clinical observer. We will no longer tolerate intimidation by white-coated gods antiseptically directing our lives.' 
Fast-forward to this year, when medical studies again c links between birth control pills and depression, especially in young women, and corresponding higher use of antidepressant drugs. 
'The risk of depression has been recognized since women were able to get their hands on oral contraceptives,' says Cindy Pearson of the National Women's Health Network. 'It's been reported by women for 50 years.' 
Sweetening the Pill: or How We Got Hooked on Hormonal Birth Control might also be vindicated, writes Lara Prendergast. The book was called 'a dishonest anti-Pill treatise' because the author 'dared to point out that hormonal contraceptives are ranked by the World Health Organization as a class-one carcinogen alongside tobacco and asbestos,' she writes. 
about Propecia, a popular treatment for male pattern baldness linked to disturbing side effects in men including sexual dysfunction and actual reduction in penis size. At the time, Propecia's label assured users that sexual side effects 'went away in men who stopped taking Propecia'; however, the current label warns about sexual dysfunction like 'erectile dysfunction, libido disorders, ejaculation disorders, and orgasm disorders; male infertility and/or poor seminal quality' that continues after discontinuation of treatment. 
BMJ found 'the risk of erectile dysfunction was not increased for users of finasteride 1mg compared with unexposed men with alopecia [hair loss],' but reports of the disturbing side effects abound in medical j ournals and popular magazines. 
Men's Journal last year. 
Post-Finasteride Syndrome Foundation . 
& Johnson to increase warnings in 2014. Unintentional acetaminophen overdoses cause as many as 26,000 hospitalizations and 458 deaths per year reported the FDA. 
Soon after the increased warnings, medical journals linked acetaminophen to birth defects in the children of women the drug such as poor motor development, behavior problems and language delays. A study in JAMA Pediatrics identified an increased occurrence of ADHD by the age of seven in children whose mothers took acetaminophen. A study in the International Journal of Epidemiology found children more likely to have behavior problems and slow motor development by the age of three if their mothers had taken acetaminophen. Not all medical voices concur. Some said the studies were poorly designed or that fevers , for which the mother presumably took acetaminophen, are responsible for the birth defects. 
In recent years, acetaminophen has been found to have psychological and mental effects not before described. The pain reliever may 'blunt individuals' reactivity to a range of negative stimuli in addition to physical pain,' says study. Another study found acetaminophen reduced the psychological pain caused by social rejection. 
6. Beta Blockers 
One out of Americans has high blood pressure and beta-blockers like atenolol (Tenormin), carvedilol (Coreg), metoprolol, propranolol (Inderal), sotalol (Betapace) and timolol (Timoptic) which treat the condition have been linked to depression for many years. 
early as 1967, the British Medical Journal reported that hypertensive patients treated with propranolol for cardiac arrhythmias experienced a rise in the incidence of depression. Still, it has not been known if patients' depressions were caused by the actual actions of beta blockers (like blocking the effects of epinephrine/adrenaline and slowing heart rate) or mood conditions associated with the diseases for which beta blockers are prescribed such as hypertension and congestive heart failure. 
Hypertension found that beta blockers 'may have a role in the pathogenesis or course of mood disorders' and increased hospital admissions for mood disorders. A 'bidirectional relationship between depression and cardiovascular disease' exists, says the study , 'because of the overlapping pathophysiological processes that underlie both conditions.' 
There is a lot of data that depression and cardiovascular disease are related . . . but current hypertensive practices do not consider depression,' said the study's lead author Sandosh Padmanabhan. 'There could be some people who are predisposed to depression who we should not be giving these drugs.' 
Martha Rosenberg is a freelance journalist and the author of the highly acclaim Facebook page.

ARTICLE

Trump's campaign for celebrity Like junk food, will Trump leave us empty and wanting more? By Neal Gabler Posted on November 1, 2016 by Neal Gabler 
It is a cliché by now that Donald Trump has run a reality show campaign—a series of gaffes, surprises, outrages, weirdnesses, explosions, revelations, and just every other ingredient that comprise the popular TV genre of faux authenticity. On reality TV, the subjects are seldom artists or entertainers or high achievers in any field. They are personalities. Their roles are their lives, which creates a Möbius strip. What do the Kardashians actually do besides being on their show, which has, of course, generated all sorts of commercial opportunities that almost make it seem as if they are doing something? What is their talent, other than the talent for self-promotion? 
All of this was anticipated 54 years ago by historian Daniel Boorstin in The Image , in which he defined a celebrity as someone who is known for being well-known. In a previous post , I discussed how this applied to Trump, who seems a hollow man except for his fame. 
But I am not sure that Boorstin's tautology, clever as it is, is really accurate. I would submit that celebrity isn't a status, nor is it a media anointment. I think celebrity is actually a narrative form played out in the medium of life and then broadcast by the traditional and now social media. One earns celebrity—to the extent that you can call it earned—by keeping one's narrative going. You lose your celebrity not when you lose fame or attention, your well-known-ness, but when you lose your narrative, which is what got you the attention in the first place. 
Donald Trump is the first celebrity candidate in both Boorstin's sense and mine—Boorstin's because Trump is less a builder of edifices than a slapper-of-his-name-on-other-people's edifices. He is literally known for being well-known. And in mine because Trump has spent the better part of his life providing narratives to the press to feed its insatiable appetite for gossip and his desire for attention. There are many ways in which Trump is a unique presidential aspirant, but chief among them may be this: He is the first candidate who ran for president to feed his celebrity. The entire campaign is a plot point—a means to a larger end, which is not the presidency, but keeping his celebrity afloat. Relevance is an issue for all of us, but especially for a 70-year-old man who is accustomed to the spotlight. 
I thought of this when The New York Times ran two pieces this week. One was the first of a series based on interviews with Trump conducted by biographer Michael D'Antonio and given to The Times by him. What the interviews reveal is that Trump's primary obsession is a fear of losing his fame. In the interviews Trump reviles Arsenio Hall , a former talk show host and one-time Celebrity Apprentice contestant . 'Dead as a doornail. Dead as dog meat,' Trump eulogized. 
The other article that struck me was one about how Trump used appearances on TV shows and in films 
As the Times piece about Trump's Hollywood connections tells it, he began talking about running for president as early as 1988. Why? Trump didn't have any overriding sense of national mission. He doesn't have one even now. Clearly, his ongoing, three-decades-long flirtation with the presidency was just a plot twist—a way of juicing the narrative when it was flagging. In that sense, it was no different than his affair with Marla Maples, his feud with Rosie O'Donnell, his nonstop lawsuits and everything else. The presidency was a publicity stunt. It still is. Viewed that way, nearly everything Trump does, 
Politics, as I have written many times, has long been integrated with entertainment. The devices of the latter serve the ends of the former, and this has especially served conservatives: The X-Files fed conservative paranoia, 24 This post was first published on BillMoyers.com 
Neal Gabler is an author of five books and the recipient of two LA Times Book Prizes, Time magazine's non-fiction book of the year, USA Today'

ARTICLE

The forgotten political debate that led to America's worldwide interventionism By Jim Miles 
The True Flag: Theodore Roosevelt, Mark Twain, and the Birth of the American Empire By Stephen Kinzer Henry Holt and Company, New York. 2017 
The American empire is usually not spoken of as such within today's current mainstream media discussions, but is generally recognized as such during infrequent candid moments, and within discussions in much of the alternate media. The discussion is not new, and the factors within the discussion, while changing somewhat with the times, tend to have remained the same. Stephen Kinzer's illustrative new history, The True Flag, takes the reader back to the turn of the Twentieth Century when the first acts of overseas empire were argued and acted on. 
It can be argued that 'empire' starts with the first movement across the continent by the new United States, incorporating, by various means, Florida, the Louisiana Purchase, the northern half of Mexican territory, and the lands of the native population. Kinzer acknowledges all that indirectly, as do some of the characters in the history, but his focus is on the pivotal years of 1898 to 1901 when the arguments concerning overseas territories focused on the Spanish empire in Cuba, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Philippines, and the then sovereign state of Hawaii. 
The writing is history at its best. Kinzer writes an interesting history with a casual anecdotal style of reading rather than the more common dry textbook style. While doing so the reader receives a sense of the actual personality and characteristics of each person within the narrative. As the story unwinds, these personality traits become as important as the actual facts of what happened, the latter having devolved form each individual's interests and intentions. 
The title highlights Roosevelt and Mark Twain as the prime protagonist/antagonist pair. The history itself presents a significant group on either side: McKinley, Hearst, Lodge, and Roosevelt promoting empire; Hoar, Carnegie, Bryan, and Twain opposing the annexation/conquest of overseas territories. Many other characters come into play, but his group displays the personal characteristics that helped shape the overall argument. 
The themes of the arguments are surprisingly familiar to contemporary empire critics. 
The racist nature of U.S. endeavours runs throughout the discussion, ranging from the idea of 'benevolent assimilation' allowing the 'blessings of good and stable government . . . under the free flag of the United States [McKinley],' to 'the misguided Filipino [McKinley],' but more strongly worded in the sanctimonious terms of 'savage tribes [Roosevelt]' and from the military commander in the Philippines, a people 'in the childhood stage of race development.' 
Sound familiar to today's rhetoric? So do the underlying rationalizations and apologetics for empire. The Filipinos 'shall for ages hence bless the American republic,' for their 'emancipation' not just from another empire but from the 'arrogant rule of a native dictator.' On the other hand, when the fighting became bloody and fierce, the insurrection fighters were attacked as 'They assailed our sovereignty [McKinley—again],' while the anti-imperialists at home became 'complicit in the killing of U.S. soldiers [Roosevelt].' Rally 'round the flag boys. 
Other current themes run through the works. The ideas of the U.S. as a moral nation collided with the now consistent idea that 'it was foolish to dwell on constitutional niceties when vital interests were concerned.' The concept of forceful morality came into play as it does today. Mckinley argued, Forcible intervention of the United States as a neutral to stop the war [would be] in the cause of humanity.' The imperialists in general 'considered war purifying,' and 'In their imagined future, humanity would be guided by a virtuous United States and disciplined by American military power.' Sounds like something out of our contemporary Thomas Friedman and his 'hidden fist.' 
The reality underlying most of the rhetoric was markets, resources, and profits, much as it is today with the U.S. concern for maintaining its petrodollar hegemony. With the U.S. in an economic downturn, and millions unemployed (still familiar?) the imperialists argued that 'commerce would have to be protected, or imposed on unwilling nations by naval power . . . [fusing] America's commercial and strategic interests into a global strategy.' Empire would create 'outlets for the surplus' and guarantee America's 'commercial supremacy.' Cuba was already mostly owned by fruit and sugar farmers, and the Philippines represented a market of 10 million citizens who would be educated to the U.S. manner of consumption and also would serve as a stepping stone into Asian markets. 
The anti-empire people obviously lost the argument—perhaps not the argument, but certainly the reality. Their central focus was the adverse effects overseas acquisitions would have on the very nature of the Republic that would eventually lead to its decline and its dislike and distrust by much of the world. In that sense, yes, they won the argument, but not the reality. 
Similar to his other works, Stephen Kinzer presents an easily readable, entertaining, and informative history of these important years. The True Flag is an important addition to not only understanding this particular time of imperial expansion, but also as a basis for understanding most of the subsequent events leading up to today's aggrandizing imperial rhetoric—it is not new. 
Jim Miles is a Canadian educator and a regular contributor/columnist of opinion pieces and book reviews for The Palestine Chronicle. Miles' work is also presented globally through other alternative websites and news publications. Reviews . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

The U.S. government's power to assassinate By Jacob Hornberger Posted on November 2, 2016 by Jacob Hornberger 
Throughout the presidential campaign, including the presidential debates, among the issues that have not been raised or discussed is the federal government's power to assassinate. The power to assassinate is now consider an accepted power of the federal government. In fact, most people, especially mainstream reporters and pundits, treat federal assassinations with blasé and nonchalance. 
Most people undoubtedly believe that the federal government's power of assassination was acquired only after the 9/11 attacks and as part of its 'war on terrorism.' 
But that's simply not true. The federal government's power to assassinate people stretches all the way back to the decision to convert the federal government into a national-security state in the latter half of the 1940s. It didn't take the CIA, one of the principal components of the national-security establishment, long before it adopted and exercised this extraordinary power in its effort to defeat the Soviet Union in the Cold War and to protect the United States from going communist. 
Let's go back to 1954. The CIA had decided that the people of Guatemala had made a mistake in electing a man named Jacobo Arbenz as their president. Arbenz was a socialist. He was also a person who believed that everyone, including communists, had the right to participate in the political process. 
When Arbenz began seizing land belong the giant U.S. corporation United Fruit, which was the largest landowner in Guatemala and had connections to members of Congress and members of the national-security establishment, and distributing it to the poor, the CIA targeted him for a regime-change operation. In the eyes of the CIA, Arbenz's land-reform plan confirmed that he was operating under the direction of an international communist conspiracy based in Moscow. 
As part of that operation, the CIA prepared a kill list for the man who would replace Arbenz, a brutal army colonel named Carlos Castillo Armas. The CIA's kill list consisted of suspected socialists. The idea was that there would be nothing wrong with assassinating or executing people who believed in socialism or communism. 
Fortunately for Arbenz, he decided to leave the country before the CIA's handpicked replacement was able to kill him. 
In the 1960s, the CIA entered into a partnership with the Mafia to assassinate Fidel Castro. What had Castro done to deserve being assassinated? He had certainly never attacked the United States or even threatened to do so. Like Arbenz, his 'crime' was that he was a socialist or a communist. That's all the justification the CIA needed to murder him. 
In the 1970s, the CIA participated in the assassination of a man named Rene Schneider. Who was Schneider? He was the commanding general of Chile's armed forces. He also had a wife and children. 
More important, he was an insurmountable obstacle to U.S. hopes for a military coup that would prevent Chile's democratically elected socialist president, Salvador Allende, from taking office. Schneider's position was that he had taken an oath to support and defend the constitution of Chile, which, like the U.S. Constitution, did not provide for a military coup as a way of replacing a democratically elected president. 
Since President Richard Nixon and the CIA wanted the coup, the CIA targeted Schneider for a violent kidnapping that would remove him from the scene. When the kidnapping attempt took place, Schneider, who was armed, fought back and was shot dead by the kidnappers. 
When the CIA's role in the kidnapping-murder came to light years later, the CIA maintained that it only wanted Schneider kidnapped, not killed. The CIA's claim, however, was disingenuous. After all, what did the CIA think the kidnappers would do with Schneider after he was kidnapped? Since the reason he was being violently removed from the scene was so that he could no longer obstruct a U.S.-orchestrated military coup, there was no possibility that he would ever be returned alive. Assassination/execution had to be part and parcel of the original kidnapping scheme, something that Schneider himself undoubtedly recognized, which had to be the reason he fought back rather than letting himself be taken captive. 
Of course, under the legal concept of felony-murder, the CIA was as responsible for the murder of Rene Schneider as the people who shot him dead. That concept holds that when a person is killed during the commission of the felony, all the participants to the felony are legally responsible for the murder as well as the felony. 
Consider the execution/assassination of two young American men during the Chilean coup—Charles Horman and Frank Teruggi. Many years after the coup, a top-secret State Department investigative report stated that U.S. intelligence had played a role in their murders and recommended deeper investigation. 
Of course, no further investigation took place and no one, needless to say, was ever indicted here in the United States for the murders of those two men. By the 1970s, the CIA had simply become too powerful for any U.S. official to suggest that it be held to account for the murder of two innocent men. 
Why did U.S. intelligence agents want Horman and Teruggi killed? They were socialists. They had supported Salvador Allende, Chile's democratically elected socialist president. They also opposed the Vietnam War. As journalists, they were also exposing the deep U.S. involvement in Chile's democratic affairs. Moreover, Horman had inadvertently discovered U.S. complicity in the coup itself, which he planned to write about. Of course, U.S. officials were equally determined to keep their role in the coup top secret. 
Several weeks ago, the U.S. mainstream press commemorated the 40th anniversary of the assassination on the streets of Washington, D.C., of former Allende administration official Orlando Letelier and his 25-year-old assistant Ronni Moffitt. The assassination was carried out as part of Augusto Pinochet's top-secret international assassination program known as Operation Condor, an operation that the CIA not only partnered in but also most likely planned and orchestrated as part of its post-coup relationship with Pinochet. 
Why did Pinochet target Orlando Letelier for assassination? For the same reason that the CIA, which helped install Pinochet into power, targeted Arbenz, Castro, Horman, and Teruggi for assassination: Letelier was a socialist, as was Ronni Moffitt. 
Ironically, while still condemning Pinochet for assassinating Letelier and Moffitt, the U.S. mainstream press remains silent., blasé, or even supportive of the U.S. national-security state's assassinations or assassination attempts against Jacobo Arbenz, Fidel Castro, Rene Schneider, Charles Horman, and Frank Teruggi. 
But let's face it: when they assassinated Orlando Letelier and Ronni Moffitt the U.S.-installed and U.S-supported dictator Augusto Pinochet and his national-security establishment were simply exercising the same power of assassination that the U.S. national-security establishment has been exercising since its inception in the 1940s and, equally important, that it continues to exercise today. 
This work by MWC News is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License . 
Jacob G. Hornberger is founder and president of The Future of Freedom Foundation. This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

The godfather of whistleblowers: Remembering Phillip Agee, ex-CIA By Thomas C. Mountain Posted on November 2, 2016 by Thomas C. Mountain 
Before Edward Snowden and Julian Assange there lived the godfather of whistleblowers, Phillip Agee, Ex-CIA. Phil named names, exposed CIA agents and brought down whole agency operations back when he published his book 'Inside the Company' in 1975. 
The difference with back then and today's whistleblowers is that Phil Agee actually exposed CIA undercover agents, some of whom, being involved in covert wars, were killed as a result, something Snowden and Assange differ with Agee over. 
From a Third World perspective, Phil Agee did us a lot of good by helping us kick the criminals working for the CIA out of our countries. The undercover agents who were killed were not the good guys Hollywood would have you believe. Kidnapping, torture, disappearances and assassinations is what the CIA does, or oversees. 
If you are a political activist in the Third World, you want to know your enemy so you can protect yourself from these criminals secretly draped in the red, white and blue of Yanqui Imperialism. 
Here is Africa we have learned from bitter experience that the CIA's preferred fronts are aid workers, journalists and clergy. 
Now if Snowden or Assange would publish the names of the clergy, journalists and aid workers working for the CIA, then maybe we could prevent them from committing their malicious crimes of espionage, you know, save lives and protect our loved ones and fellow countrymen and women. 
If people living in the Western countries were shocked by Snowden's exposé then they were pretty naive. J. Edgar Hoover's FBI never respected anyone's privacy, least of all the president of the USA. And if you were deemed a threat, like over 200 Black Panthers and American Indian activists, no compunctions about gunning you down. 
Exposure of US government spying doesn't really help us here in the Third World because we are being kidnapped, tortured, disappeared and assassinated. Spying on our mobile phones is quite a way down on the list of our worries. 
Hopefully the next generation of whistleblowers will remember Phillip Agee and not just expose crimes but actively prevent any future damage by naming names, exposing agents and destroying operations of the international criminal cartel known as the CIA. 
Thomas C. Mountain is an independent journalist in Eritrea, living and reporting from here since 2006. His speeches, interviews and articles can be seen on Facebook at thomascmountain and he can best be reached at thomascmountain at g mail dot com. This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Not guilty: The power of nullification to counteract government tyranny By John W. Whitehead Posted on November 2, 2016 by John W. Whitehead 
'The people have the power, all we have to do is awaken that power in the people. The people are unaware. They're not educated to realize that they have power. The system is so geared that everyone believes the government will fix everything. We are the government .'—John Lennon 
How do you balance the scales of justice at a time when Americans are being Tasered, tear-gassed, pepper-sprayed, hit with batons, shot with rubber bullets and real bullets, blasted with sound cannons, detained in cages and kennels , sicced by police dogs, arrested and jailed for challenging the government's excesses, abuses and power-grabs? 
Politics won't fix a system that is broken beyond repair. 
No matter who sits in the White House, the shadow government will continue to call the shots behind the scenes. 
Relying on the courts to restore justice seems futile. 
Indeed, with every ruling handed down, it becomes more apparent that we live in an age of hollow justice, with government courts, largely lacking in vision and scope, rendering narrow rulings focused on the letter of the law. This is true at all levels of the judiciary, but especially so in the highest court of the land, the U.S. Supreme Court, which is seemingly more concerned with establishing order and protecting government agents than with upholding the rights enshrined in the Constitution. 
Even s 
It doesn't matter who the activists are (environmentalists, peaceniks, Native Americans, Black Lives Matter, Occupy, or the Bundys and their followers) or what the source of the discontent is (endless wars abroad, police shootings, contaminated drinking water, government land-grabs), the government's modus operandi 
Just recently, in fact, an Oregon jury rejected the government's attempts to prosecute seven activists 
In finding the defendants not guilty—of conspiracy to impede federal officers, of possession of firearms in a federal facility, a 
The Malheur occupiers were found not guilty despite the fact that they had guns in a federal facility (their lawyers argued the guns were 'as much a statement of their rural culture as a cowboy hat or a pair of jeans'). They were found not guilty despite the fact that they used government vehicles (although they would argue that government property is public property available to all taxpayers). They were found not guilty despite the fact that they succeeded in occupying a government facility for six weeks, thereby preventing workers from performing their duties (as the Washington Post points out, this charge has also been used to prosecute extremist left-wingers and Earth First protesters 
As law professor Ilya Somin explains, jury nullification is the practice by which a jury refuses to convict someone accused of a crime if they believe the 'law in question is unjust or the punishment is excessive .' According to former federal prosecutor Paul Butler, the doctrine of jury nullification is 'premised on the idea that ordinary citizens, not government officials, should have the final say 
In a world of ' rampant overcriminalization ,' where the average citizen unknowingly breaks three laws a day, jury nullification acts as ' a check on runaway authoritarian criminalization 
Indeed, Butler believes so strongly in the power of nullification to balance the scales between the power of the prosecutor and the power of the people that he advises 
If you are ever on a jury in a marijuana case, I recommend that you vote 'not guilty'—even if you think the defendant actually smoked pot, or sold it to another consenting adult. As a juror, you have this power under the Bill of Rights 
Not only should the punishment fit the crime, but the laws of the land should also reflect the concerns of the citizenry as opposed to the profit-driven priorities of Corporate America. 
This is wh 
Various cities and states have been using this historic doctrine with mixed results on issues as wide ranging as gun control and healthcare to ' claim freedom from federal laws they find onerous or wrongheaded 
For the rest of us who are dependent on the 'fairness' of the system, there exists a multitude of ways in which justice can and does go wrong every day. Police misconduct. Prosecutorial misconduct. Judicial bias. Inadequate defense. Prosecutors who care more about winning a case than seeking justice. Judges who care more about what is legal than wha 
The real and manufactured events of recent years—the invasive surveillance, the extremism reports, the civil unrest, the protests, t 
Those protests in Ferguson , Baltimore and Baton Rouge to protest police brutality? The militarized police ' clad in Kevlar vests, helmets, and camouflage, armed with pistols, shotguns, automatic rifles, and tear gas ' turning towns into war zones? The kenneling 
Employ militant nonviolent resistance and civil disobedience 
And then, as I explain in more detail in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People llify the laws. Nullify everything the government does that is illegitimate, egregious or blatantly unconstitutional. 
Constitutional attorney and author John W. Whitehead is founder and president of The Rutherford Institute. His book (SelectBooks, 2015) is available online at www.amazon.com. Whitehead can be contacted at This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the

ARTICLE

Israeli minister urges greater West Bank land theft By Stephen Lendman Posted on November 2, 2016 by Stephen Lendman 
Israel is run by a lunatic fringe combination of fascist hardliners, Zionist zealots and religious extremists. 
Education Minister Naftali Bennett is an over-the-top ultra-right-wing ideologue, urging unlimited settlement expansions on stolen Palestinian land, an ethnic cleansing policy for exclusive Jewish development. 
He believes Jews have exclusive sovereignty over all parts of Judea and Samaria. He supports racist hatred, state terror, ethnic cleansing and slow-motion genocide. 
On Sunday, he threatened Security Council members, saying that '[t]here is a discussion that in the coming months the UN Security Council will force a resolution on Israel.' 
'If that happens, we need to have an appropriate Zionist response, immediate sovereignty over Judea and Samaria, including Maaleh Adumim, Gush Etzion, Ariel, Ofra and Beit El.' 
'It is time to extend out sovereignty in the land of Israel . . . the entire story of settling and Zionism is a story of a great vision and the determination to see that vision through.' 
In September, Israeli-installed Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas said he intends urging SC members to declare Israeli settlements illegal—knowing Washington will veto any resolution proposed. 
In 2011, it vetoed a Palestinian backed draft memo, denouncing Israel's settlement policy as an illegal obstacle to peace. 
Last month, 88 US senators urged Obama to veto any similar Security Council resolution proposed. Extremist settlers and Knesset hardliners demand legislation authorizing annexation of Ma'aleh Adumim, Israel's third largest settlement, home to over 37,000 residents. 
Israel's settlement project flagrantly violates international law. Over 600,000 settlers occupy stolen Palestinian land. 
Fourth Geneva prohibits an occupying power from transferring its citizens to the territory it occupies, as well as displacing people from their land to permit it. 
Israel wants historic Palestine exclusively for Jews, Palestinians denied their fundamental rights—terrorized for decades with no international support. 
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net. His new book as editor and contributor is ' Flashpoint in Ukraine: US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III .' Visit his blog at sjlendman.blogspot.com . Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network. It airs three times weekly: live on Sundays at 1PM Central time plus two prerecorded archived programs. This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Egypt: No gain without pain By Linda S. Heard Posted on November 2, 2016 by Linda S. Heard 
In order to understand why Egypt's economic temperature has cooled it should be understood that this once stable country, with a healthy investment climate, was rocked by a mass public uprising resulting in its overthrow that was met with prolonged Brotherhood violence and the emergence of a terrorist group in northern Sinai. 
A tepid relationship with Western countries, which some perceive as having undermined the nation's upward trajectory—or, at the very least, have done nothing to aid it—hasn't helped. The Obama administration has been unsympathetic and the same could be said for many of America's European allies, unlike Saudi Arabia and some Gulf states, which have given generously to keep Egypt's economy afloat. 
Whereas other states hit by serial terrorist attacks have received offers of help, the downing of a Russian passenger jet almost exactly a year ago elicited a halt in British and European flights to the once thriving Red Sea resort town of Sharm El Sheikh and, in the case of Russia, to all Egyptian airports. This is unprecedented and has been interpreted by many Egyptians as having a political component. 
Add to that media scaremongering, giving the impression that the most populated Arab country isn't safe, and it's no wonder that Egypt's tourist industry has been decimated or that the inflow of foreign currency has been reduced to a trickle. I must admit my surprise to read a recent article in the Huffington Post headed: 'I traveled to Egypt, and yes it was safe.' 
'I realized that all of the people telling me that Egypt was unsafe hadn't even been there,' writes Alyssa Ramos. She goes on to share what made her feel safe during her stay and why she believes people should go there. There is hope. Numerous countries have restored flights and most other are expected to do so very soon. 
Today, Egypt needs its friends more than ever. The currency is at a record low while experts predict a further devaluation. Indeed, it is so volatile that some countries have stopped trading in Egyptian pounds. The price of imported goods has skyrocketed and inflation is rampant. Illegal hoarding of staples such as sugar and rice has caused market shortages. 
The government has pleaded with ordinary people to accept a tightening of belts to reap rewards down the road. Many I've spoken with have displayed understanding; others are more impatient. Unsurprisingly, the Muslim Brotherhood is attempting to capitalize by whipping up the emotions of the poorest sectors. 
On the whole, Egyptians are tired; they know that social unrest will only make things worse as it has all over the map of the so-called Arab Spring to varying degrees. 
For several years, Egypt has resisted seeking an IMF loan, which invariably is granted with strings, but the current situation has warranted a new strategy; one that would encourage foreign investments. 
A $12 billion loan repayable in three years is currently on the table provided the country can secure $6 billion in bilateral financing, which it is well on the way to doing thanks to Saudi Arabia, China and the Group of 7 nations. IMF Director Christine Lagarde believes the board will approve Egypt's request within weeks. 
The strings in this case will translate to greater austerity, higher fuel prices, and a flexible exchange rate. Not included are cuts to food subsidies, although those have long been mulled as they eat up 14 percent of the national budget and as things stand subsidized food items are accessible to all, including the Middle classes and the wealthy. If and when the subsidy system is dismantled for everyone, the government has given assurances that a safety net will be created for low-income families. 
President Abdel-Fattah El-Sissi ce 
This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the

ARTICLE

Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA): Canada and the EU By Jim Miles 
Most interesting watching the progress of the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) between Canada and the EU through the various opaque backroom ministrations this past week. 
NAFTA first 
As the progeny of North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA, 1994) it serves to refer to a bit of history. Former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney very recently on CBC said that NAFTA was a wonderful agreement. He said that its purpose generally was to help all economies but more specifically 'to help Mexican workers' who at that time had been devastated by the devaluation of the peso (also 1994) due to capital flight from Mexico (one of the many outcomes of fiat currency markets). 
Unfortunately, the record does not support this. Mulroney used the example that this year (2016) more Mexicans were returning home than entering the U.S., implying it was due to the NAFTA success. More realistically it has been due to the increasing police violence in the U.S. accompanied by the election cycle fought between a manipulative chicken-hawk liar and a misogynist xenophobic narcissist. 
The truth behind NAFTA is different. Yes thousands of jobs were created in the Mexican maquiladora along the U.S. border. These jobs were filled by workers who in general were displaced from their lands through a combination of two economic hits. First was the IMF and its 'structural adjustment programs' (known and admitted failures, at least in an economic sense, not in a political control sense) applied after the 1994 debt collapse. This was quickly followed or accompanied by NAFTA which allowed ample cheap subsidized U.S. agricultural products to flow into Mexico, cutting the main basis of support for the agricultural sector. 
Not only was NAFTA not good for Mexico, it also seriously affected well paying jobs in Canada and the U.S. as corporations moved their production to where the wages and benefits were lowest or, as for benefits, non-existent. Much of the increased trade was not due to increased economic activity but the recording of cross-border transactions that used to take place internally. Nowadays, views of the U.S. 'rust belt' and the declining number of living wage jobs in both Canada and the U.S. testify to the negative impact of NAFTA—except for the corporations and their managers who have gained enormously. 
Another aspect of NAFTA that is of note is the political manipulations that occurred in Canada. NAFTA was essentially a Conservative creation under PM Mulroney, as above. The Conservative Party was devastated in 1993 in part due to NAFTA (but also due to other domestic failures)—the interesting part being that his replacement, Jean Chretien, Liberal leader, campaigned against it, but once in power accepted it as it was (with additional 'side deals' and promises). 
One of its significant factors, other than selling out Canadian workers and resources, was the trade dispute settlement section, the appropriately labeled 'Chapter 11' section. This allows for opaque, non-democratic, supranational (above national sovereignty), closed door arbitration panels staffed by selection rather than qualification (other than perhaps their pro-business financial status). Along with this is that a foreign corporation can sue the Canadian government for perceived loss of profits due to some Canadian regulation or policy, regulations that would generally serve to protect the environment, the health, benefits of Canadian workers, and the independent agricultural sector. 
This has resulted in many lawsuits against Canadian sovereignty that has cost the taxpayer billions of dollars in lawyers' fees and settlements to companies that may or may not have intended to set up business here in the first place. It has also caused the government to change some of its regulations in favour of corporations. 
NAFTA begets CETA 
The same indicators on dispute settlement occur with CETA. Many informed citizens object to corporations having supranational rights over sovereignty both in Canada and the EU; concerns that reflect the same 'investor dispute settlement' mechanisms. Note also that it is 'investor' dispute and not citizen dispute, meaning that the average citizen cannot sue either the government or the corporations for damages to health, benefits, wages et al. There is a lawsuit currently underway to challenge the constitutional legality of the agreement as it also overrides provincial, territorial, and First Nations jurisdiction. These are not national functions but can be effectively manipulated through various degrees of transfer payments and the good old fashioned crony benefit payment system. 
The Walloons opposed the 'investor dispute mechanism,' in part because it would facilitate the loss of an independent agricultural sector (via Canadian corporations, in effect U.S. branch corporations, suing for agricultural benefits—much of Canada's agricultural sector is already owned/controlled by a small number of supranational agribusinesses). 
While listening to Scott Peterson on CBC discuss CETA and the Walloons, he said it was 'amazing how money and politics are intertwined.' Well, really, if that is the ignorant level of commentary that CBC can provide, considering it abides by establishment guidelines [1], no wonder we get little truth from the media and the government—being intertwined themselves—concerning what is truly being negotiated with CETA. 
But Peterson also reiterated the tired old mantra, CETA will create jobs and promote growth. Kevin O'Leary also added his support indicating the agreement is 'progressive,' another meaningless platitude when given without context (e.g., progressive for whom?). 
Jobs, growth, the middle class, values, and progressivity 
PM Trudeau spoke this morning (Sunday, October 30, 2016) after signing CETA. It was almost a déjà vu moment, after having listened to Mulroney brag about jobs and progress with NAFTA. Even further, it has another similarity because it was the loathed Conservative government that began the secret negotiations, only to be defeated, in part because of that, only to have the Trudeau Liberals accept the agreement essentially as is—with a few 'side deals' with Belgium and Wallonia—without allowing it to be voted on in a referendum. Do they not trust their ability to manipulate a referendum, relying instead on their false majority (with 39.5 % of the vote) in the House to give it legitimacy? 
In sum, very similar to the Mulroney/Chretien duo, and also very similar to our NAFTA partners, wherein the Democrats and Republicans are essentially two sides of the same coin—pretty much literally as it is the corporate-industrial-military coin that determines policy, not the House nor the ever absent referenda. 
But on. . . . the rhetoric from Trudeau this morning was quite repetitive, with the same old platitudes brought forth. He indicated 'we need economic growth. .to contribute to society,' we have progressive 'values and concerns very similar' to the EU, the dispute mechanism is a 'progressive mechanism,' and Canada has provided 'leadership . . . on values' with 'like-minded countries.' Even though it needs to be ratified after signing, it has a 'provisional implementation' clause (but that clause has not been ratified?) and we will 'feel benefits immediately,' and it is 'good for middle class.' 
Sounds great, but if NAFTA is our guide, not much benefit will be seen by the middle class, not much 'progress' will be made (exactly how is that defined, Justin?), not many jobs will be created to lift the poor up into the middle class (maybe by Mexican standards).[2] And what really are our values? Corporate control over government? Intertwined networks of bankers, industrialists, militarists, politicians, and media telling us what is best for us? Can we go forever in our finite world with 'economic growth' that is based on consumer extractive industries backed by corporate military power? 
PhD—'piled higher and deeper,' conveyed by Mr. Harper, as he watches his nemesis follow exactly the same policies he had pushed for. The main benefactors of all trade agreements, none of which are 'free,' are large corporations and the financiers and politicians that work within and alongside them. 
In sum 
CETA is an agreement that reflects all that was negative about NAFTA. It provides the promise that further agreements (TTIP, TTP) will provide the same investor dispute mechanism that supersedes national sovereignty. It further disenfranchises the average citizen while enriching and empowering the corporate elite, again promising more for the future. It displays all the hollow rhetoric that is manipulated through the media, generally meaningless undefined platitudes without context or reference to the realities of existing agreements. 
The Trudeau government is simply reinforcing the Harper government that preceded it, using essentially the same verbiage but somehow with a kinder, gentler persona. And both reflect the will of the corporate political elites who chase the overall dream of global control of wealth and resources regardless of the detriment to the people or the environment. 
Notes 
[1] Prime recent example: CBC's Natasha Fatah commenting on the Syrian war, asking a question about the 'collateral effects' of the U.S. led attack on Mosul. So it's no longer ‘collateral damage' and assuredly a far cry from 'war crimes' charges that are made against Russia and Syria for very similar actions against al-Nusra/al-Qaeda/ISIS in Aleppo. 
[2] Another CBC asisde: Canada's Finance Minister Morneau recognized that currently there is a large job 'churn' that workers will need to get used to short term, insecure, 'precarious' jobs; if this is the way the Finance Minister thinks—along with his cronies—it provides a more realistic picture of what a CETA future will hold for Canada, and other countries aligned inside trade deals. 
Jim Miles is a Canadian educator and a regular contributor/columnist of opinion pieces and book reviews for The Palestine Chronicle. Miles' work is also presented globally through other alternative websites and news publications. This entry was posted in Business , Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Walling them out, or walling us in? Shall we wall off Canada, too? By Jim Hightower Posted on November 3, 2016 by Jim Hightower 
Evading security cameras in the remote expanse along the U.S. border, three Guatemalans waited till dusk to slip illicitly into our country. 
This is the stuff of Donald Trump nightmares—and if he were to witness such a scene, we can only imagine the furious rants that would follow. 
But Trump will never see this scene or even know about it, because he's facing south, fulminating against Mexicans and assuring his faithful followers that he'll stop illegal entry into the U.S. by building a ' beautiful, impenetrable wall ' across our 2,000-mile border with Mexico. 
Meanwhile, the scene described took place way up north, where rural Vermont connects to Canada. As the New York Times recently reported , 'This area is a haven for smugglers and cross-border criminal organizations.' 
With so many of our nation's political and security officials obsessed with the southern border, more and more criminal action—including the smuggling of people, drugs, and weapons—has plagued our 5,500-mile Canadian border, the longest in the world between two countries. 
Running from the Atlantic to the Pacific through sparsely populated and heavily wooded terrain, there's often no clear demarcation of where Canada ends and the U.S. begins. Some farms, homes, and businesses actually sprawl across the border. 
Only about 2,000 agents patrol this vast stretch, and officials concede they don't even have a good guess of how many people and how much contraband is coming across, or where. 
So, the question for Mr. Trump is: Shall we wall off Canada, too? And how much of our public treasury, democratic idealism, and international goodwill shall we dump into the folly of militarizing both borders? 
By simply thinking we can wall the world out, we'll be walling ourselves in—and that's suicidal. 
OtherWords columnist Jim Hightower is a radio commentator, writer, and public speaker. He's the editor of the populist newsletter, The Hightower Lowdown . Distributed by OtherWords.or g . Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

As the public turns against Pharma, government embraces it By Martha Rosenberg Posted on November 3, 2016 by Martha Rosenberg 
Public anger at Pharma and its outrageous prices has never been higher. 
First a smirking Martin Shkreli, founder of Turing Pharmaceuticals, refused to explain or defend his price hike of the antiparasitic drug Daraprim from $13.50 to $750 on the Hill in February, a price hike that could put the life-saving drug out of reach for some. With clear derision for regulators and the public itself, he tweeted that lawmakers were 'imbeciles' after he testified. 
Then Mylan jacked the price of its EpiPen, an emergency allergy treatment that saves lives, to $600 up from $100 almost overnight this summer. After public uproar, Mylan offered EpiPen cost breaks to low-income people—a common Pharma ruse that simply shifts costs to others while letting Pharma keep its prices. 
And even as U.S. Pharma companies profiteer on older drugs like Daraprim (and newer drugs like the hepatitis C drug Sovaldi, which costs $84,000 for a course of treatment), they try to duck U.S. taxes with overseas partnerships and incorporations. The same taxes that fund their drugs in Medicare, TRICARE, the VA and other U.S. entitlement programs. 
Pharma may be becoming one of the public's most reviled sectors but the U.S. government is in the process of erasing the few regulatory firewalls that have existed and tolerating alarming conflicts of interest. 
Exhibit A is the nomination and confirmation earlier this year of Robert Califf as FDA commissioner despite financial links to 23 Pharma companies, including Johnson & Johnson, Lilly, Merck, Schering Plough and GSK, according to a statement on the website of Duke Clinical Research Institute which he directed. In disclosure information for an article in Circulation, Califf also lists financial links to Gambro, Regeneron, Gilead, AstraZeneca, Roche and other companies and equity positions in four medical companies. Califf 'served as a director, officer, partner, employee, advisor, consultant or trustee for Genentech,' said the Medscape website. This is an FDA commissioner? 
In the past, someone so heavily funded by industry would not be considered for a government position regulating that very industry. Yet on PBS, Califf saw no problem with doctors and researchers receiving Pharma money and actually thought it desirable. 'Many of us consult with the pharmaceutical industry, which I think is a very good thing,' he told host Susan Dentzer. 'They need ideas and then the decision about what they do is really up to the person who is funding the study,' he said. 
Califf was an early cheerleader for the blood thinning drug Xarelto, which is now linked to at least 500 deaths and possible high level medical deception. 
NIMH and NIDA also turn toward industry 
Other branches of government are also tilting toward Pharma. In a recent editorial, John Markowitz, professor of clinical psychiatry at Columbia, lamented that at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), under the leadership of recently departed director Thomas Insel, translational research (which tends to be Pharma focused) 'has become virtually required for funding' with almost no clinical, non-drug research funded. 
Insel, an early proponent of SSRI antidepressants (which he said 'soothed people's symptoms within weeks, much faster than standard psychotherapy'), left government to work at a billion dollar, semi-secret private venture between Google and Pharma last year. The CEO of the new Google life sciences venture is former Genentech chairman Art Levinson. As NIMH director while national alarm about toddlers on stimulant drugs was growing, Insel protested 'under treatment' of children with ADHD drugs. 
Finally, even as drug addiction, especially to opioids, becomes a leading cause of death in the U.S., Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), is looking to Pharma to find a 'vaccine' for drug addiction. Shouldn't Volkow know, as head of the institute, there is no 'cure' or vaccine for addiction—that it is is widely viewed as a physical, psychological and spiritual disease? Has she ever talked to Michael Botticelli, director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy, for example, who, as an addict himself, advocates non-drug, non-Pharma, peer treatment for addiction? (And shouldn't NIDA replace 'drug abuse' with the non-judgmental 'addiction'?) 
Volkow and Insel 's love of industry has also caused them to conduct disturbing animal experiments reminiscent of the noir researcher Henry Harlow. The medical establishment is increasingly reconsidering such invasive and unnecessarily cruel research. 
To stay a Wall Street darling, Pharma is gouging on drug prices, fleeing overseas and forming semi-secret partnerships with cyber giants. The public is appalled—and government is helping out. 
Martha Rosenberg is a freelance journalist and the author of the highly acclaimed 'Born With A Junk Food Deficiency: How Flaks, Quacks and Hacks Pimp The Public Health,' published by Prometheus Books. Check her Facebook page. This entry was posted in Commentary , Health . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Forrest Gump was right on! By Philip A Farruggio Posted on November 3, 2016 by Philip A Farruggio 
If one remembers the 1994 film Forrest Gump, one should recall his famous quote: Stupid is as stupid does. Well, he must have been clairvoyant as to our Amerikan public, as least those of us who vote. Factoring out we who refuse to support this Two Party con job, we are left with the overwhelming numbers who will 'follow the herd' and vote for either of the two scoundrels running for president. 
The Trump supporters are made up of millions of angry white males, with a smithering of angry white females to join them. Many of these folks, and this writer sees them throughout my town of 60,000, live in substandard housing (many in mobile home parks ) and drive older vehicles. Yet , they are aroused and volunteering for a spoiled rich guy who never had to worry about his housing or any living expenses. They are standing on street corners holding signs for a megalomaniac billionaire who only played by the rules of the corporate empire and never the needs of working stiffs. They are so angry at the so-called system that they support a man who has represented it his entire adult life. Sadly, these angry white folks buy into Trump's populist rhetoric, caring not for the fact that he supports what Eisenhower warned us of: The Military Industrial Complex, a.k.a. empire! Trump will spend more and more of their working stiff hard earned tax money on the military, surpassing even what the Bush cabal and Obama 'hope and change' phonies have spent: over 50% of federal tax revenues!! 
Now we come to the other Stupid is as stupid does electorate: The Ms. Killary supporters. This is a person who has supported her husband's welfare reform bill, which incidentally, hurt millions of poor people of color. She supported his NATO bombing campaigns in what was once Yugoslavia, which helped to nurture the very fanatical Islamic jihadists that were the precursor to Al-Qaeda and ISIL. Ms. Killary supported NAFTA and GATT and WTO (Google them for references to trade deals that destroyed American jobs), which is one of the things that the idiot Trump rightfully is against. During her days as secretary of state for the stooge Obama, Ms. Killary actually pushed him to sign onto the NATO carpet bombing of Libya, taking out Gaddafi (remember her famous 'We came, we saw he died' laughter after they tortured Gaddafi by sticking a bayonet up his rectum and then killing him? ). She then supported the coup that took out the socialist and truly populist president of Honduras, and the coup that did the same for the president of the Ukraine (who committed the sin of being pro Russia), replacing him with obvious neo fascists (why quiet about that Mr. Netanyahu of Israel? ). Ms. Killary publicly states, with compunction, that the war criminal Henry Kissinger 'is a friend and I relied on his counsel while I was secretary of state.'. This is the war criminal that so many working stiffs of all colors will be supporting November 8, who, by the way, will continue her New Cold War with Russia rhetoric into the White House and also, like Trump, sally up to the Military Industrial Complex, a.k.a. empire. 
So, there you have it. The circus has truly come to town . . . but who are the clowns? Are they the ones who tell me all the time that my vote for Jill Stein of the Green Party or my conservative friend's vote for the Libertarian Party's Johnson are 'wasted votes'? Is that what they call pragmatism, voting for the lesser of two evils or voting not for someone, rather voting against someone else? To this writer a pragmatist is the guy facing the firing squad who asks for a blindfold. Either way, he's gonna be dead!! 
Philip A Farruggio is son and grandson of Brooklyn, NY, longshoremen. A graduate of Brooklyn College (class of '74 with a BA in Speech & Theater), he is a freelance columnist posted on World News Trust, Nation of Change Blog, Op Ed News,TheSleuthJournal.com, Intrepid Report, Information Clearing House, Dandelion Salad, Activist Post, Dissident Voice, Counterpunch and many other sites worldwide. Philip works as an environmental products sales rep and has been a street corner protest activist leader and Green Party member since 2000. In 2010 he became a local spokesperson for the 25% Solution Movement to Save Our Cities by cutting military spending 25%. Philip can be reached at .

ARTICLE

Obscured American: Eddie the house painter By Linh Dinh Posted on November 3, 2016 by Linh Dinh 
When 46-year-old Eddie found out I'd been interviewing people, he wanted to talk. 'You can write a book about me!' and that's true enough, but then again, I've never met an uninteresting person. 
Within a minute, Eddie was showing me photos of women on his cell phone. There was plenty of skin and at least one crotch shot. These voluptuous ladies had sent these boudoir selfies to him, Eddie growled, his eyes sparkling. 
Eddie's a beefy dude, with a head like an Olmec statue. Though he wears a permanent scowl, it's a friendly scowl. 
Eddie was in Friendly Lounge with his house painting boss, Tony, an Italian dude who used to live in the neighborhood. 
After talking to Eddie, I checked out his Facebook page. 'im a fun loving guy who just wants peace in my life,' he introduces himself, and the first two photos feature Eddie with white women. In one, he's in some bar and wearing a white T-shirt, 'WHITE GIRLS LOVE ME.' With his arms outstretched , Eddie's surrounded by eight white females and one bald white guy. The women appear to be in their 30s and 40s, though one, wearing granny glasses, has sweated, cursed and imbibed her way through nearly six decades, it seems. You go, grandma! In the other photo, two beaming blondes drape themselves all over Eddie. 
Below these shots, there's a video of Oprah Winfrey begging her audience to vote for Hillary Clinton, and down the page, there's a computer animation of Donald Trump making his most grotesque faces while sitting on a toilet. 
Talking to me, Eddie brought up the pains of being rejected by his dad all his life. The rates of American children being born out of wedlock have been rising, calamitously, for decades, and currently stand at around 40%. Among blacks, it's 72%. 
I've known Tony since high school. He lives in the suburbs too. I grew up in West Philly, right around the corner from the zoo, then I moved to the suburbs. I've been working with Tony for two years. 
I was in Boston for ten years. The only reason I came back here was because I had the cancer and everything. After they did the surgery, my family wanted me to come back, you know, be closer to home, in case it happens again. 
I was doing work. The customers loved the work. Their relatives were from Boston, and they were like, 'Do you travel?' I said, 'If it's worth it, yeah.' 
So they put me on a job up there, and my ex-girlfriend, I stayed at her house for a while, then I bought my own place. When I moved up there, I just got work, work, work, work. 
I loved it up there! I loved it! I loved it! I loved it! 
It's funny because I'm not like most black guys, black people, you know. I love the water, being out there on the water, fishing and all types of stuff, and there are so many bodies of water up there. That's where I get my peace of mind, you know what I mean? I sit there and don't have a care in the world. I didn't have my own boat. I was renting the stuff right there. 
Here, it's not the same because you can't get in the water. I love fresh water. Fresh water is beautiful. I like deep sea fishing, salt water and all that, but freshwater is beautiful. 
This whole summer, I didn't hit the water at all. I didn't even swim this summer. Did you hear what I just said, Tony? This whole summer, I didn't even swim. Like, what the fuck! 
They have lakes up there, and they have park rangers and they've got grills up there, where you can grill, volleyball nets, all that stuff. 
It's $4 a carload, so you can have six people in a car. It only takes $4 to get in there. You can swim, fish, play volleyball, and you can do that almost any time. 
at it's crazy to move up there, like they're so prejudiced up there, but they're not. They were so nice. 
The first day I got up there, people were opening doors for me. They were like, 'Hey, how are you doing?!' It was totally different from here, you know, and I loved it, just loved it. 
It's not racial at all. There were so many mixed couples, so many Brazilians, Ecuadorians, all types. Puerto Ricans, Chinese, Asians, all, all, everything. 
They did have a bad rap, but it's just not correct. 
They do still have certain areas. They still have these little gangs. Like, one of my buddies wanted to take me to a club. We get there, and I have to park down the street. They had already gone inside the club, but I had to park. When I got close, walking, two dudes stopped me. There was a black guy and a Puerto Rican guy. They were like, 'Yo, you got the wrong color on.' 
So I opened my mouth, and I said, 'You've got to be kidding me,' and I was laughing. 'You don't know my lifestyle. You're coming at me like that?' 
As soon as I opened my mouth, though, they were like, 'Oh, you're not from around here. Where are you from?' I said I'm from Philly, so they were like, 'You're cool, man.' I laughed at them, basically. 
There are different levels with me. You get mad, you get angry and you get upset, you know what I'm saying? I try not to get angry, at all. Angry takes me to a totally different place, which is not good, so I try not to do that. I try to stay at one focal point and, even though I'm mad at you right now, I'll still say something stupid so that you laugh. 
Let's say you're just bothering me. I'll walk outside or something, then come back in, and I'll start fucking with you back, but in a fun way. Even though you were fucking with me in a bad way, I'll come back and fuck with you, in a good way. 
positive. 
You're not going to defeat me by your words or whatever, you know, because I'm very smart. In the 7th grade, I used to smoke weed and stuff like that, came to class all high, and I still got A's on my tests. 
They kept me after school, you know, because I was cheating, and I still got the same grade, so they were like, 'You're so smart to be so dumb.' 
My sociology teacher said, 'You shouldn't be getting high. You're too intelligent for that.' It stuck with me all my life. 
Like, me and him are Facebook friends. I texted him, 'Hey Mr. Coleman, blah, blah, blah. Yo, thank you for saying that to me when I took your class,' and he was like, 'Well, Eddie, I don't remember what I said.' I told him, 'You said that I was so smart to be so dumb,' and I always took that into my brain. 
My kids are mixed. I love white women. Ha, ha, ha! 
We all bleed the same damn color. People don't realize that racism is taught. If you take an Asian kid, a black kid and a white kid and put them in the sandbox, they're going to play, until somebody says they can't play with that child. 
It's the parents. The parents may come up to that kid, 'Get out of there! You can't play with them!' You know what I mean? The kids will act how kids act. They don't know no better. They'll play! 
Me, I have no problems at all. You respect me, I respect you. 
Like I said, I have mixed kids, but growing up, I was shot at because I was black. I walked through the wrong neighborhood. Somebody tried to shoot me with a harpoon! I've been through some shit. I can't help it if I'm black. I can't help that. 
That's what he does, you know, scuba diving. He didn't hit me. I was lucky I got pushed out of the way. This was growing up in the suburbs, Lansdowne, Yeadon, Upper Darby. I got shot at, you know what I mean, because I walked on the sidewalk. 
rby, they beat me up. It was a domestic call. My wife was white, OK? We had kids, mixed kids. The argument was next door, not my house, but they came at my house, threw me down the steps, beat me up, put me in a cop car, then turned around and told me, 'If you don't want to go to the hospital, you better give me your address,' so I gave them my address. 
They were like, 'You don't live there. A white girl lives there.' They were like, 'Where you live at?' I gave them the address again. They were like, 'You don't live there! You go to the hospital,' so guess what? I went to the hospital. They beat me the fuck up! 
They took me from my house. She was living there, with me! 
I couldn't even fight back. My wife said, 'That's my husband,' but they made her go back in the house. This was ‘92. 
I came home the next day. They ripped my shirt. I had a button shirt. They cut it in the back, with a razor, so I'm walking in my shirt with a hole in it. They made me walk home without no shoes. 
So I went to my old neighborhood. I talked to my mom and all that, and we went to the Lansdowne police station, because we knew an officer there. They said there was nothing they could do about it, because there's a code of silence among the police officers, or so they said, so my sister took it to a different level. 
I don't know if you've ever heard of Mary Mason? WHAT? My sister took it to a radio station. They had a picture of me. They had a picture of my clothes. They had a picture of me all beat up and everything. 
Over nothing! Over nothing! Literally. I was beaten up over nothing! 
I ended up suing them but, again, I was young, so I settled out of court with them. I ended up getting, like, $45,000. If I kept it going, I would have gotten a whole lot more. 
Like I said, again, then I was selling drugs. I had an arsenal. I had guns and stuff like that, you know. I was going to blow the police station the fuck up, you know what I mean, but the police station was right next to a school, so I couldn't do that. 
No, I didn't have a record then. I never got caught. 
They were arguing next door. It wasn't us! They went to the wrong house and fucked me up! 
I've got three friends that are police officers. I trust them, but I don't trust those other ones. As soon as I saw them, it's, 'Yes, sir,' whatever, but they threw me to the ground and worked me over! 
For two years, they harassed me. They banned me from that town. If they saw me driving, they'd pull me over. They were like, 'You've got two minutes to get out of this town!' 
I had to move back to my mom for a little while. My wife and kids, too. 
I never got bitter over that. I get sick of reading stuff now in the news. I think about my children's security. It pisses me off, you know. 
Like I said, again, I already lived that life. Innocent people getting beaten up by the cops, getting killed, that could have been me, I could have gotten killed. That night. 
What I was doing was, I was avoiding that act, you know, which was kind of hard to do, because certain roads led that way, so I had to take back streets just to keep away. Again, I was still young, too. 
I was going to blow the hell out of that police station, you know what I mean? I had the artillery to do it, but, again, glory to God and all that. God had my back! Otherwise, that police station and whoever was in it was gone! 
There's a kid that I went to school with, they killed him in a cell. Now, when they put you in that cell, they take your shoe strings, they take your belt and they take your shirt from you, so how are you going to hang yourself? He's 6–4. How do you hang yourself when you're 6–4 and you're in a 6-foot cell? You can't! 
He was a good kid, but he was a bad kid, you know what I mean? I forget how he got locked up. He got locked up for something. They killed him the same night. They locked him up, then they killed him. You can look it up. It's on the Internet still. 
My wife stayed with me. Five years later, we split up, but it wasn't over that. I had three children with her, my oldest three. 
She got mad because I moved on. I had another woman. I was just having another kid. I had a reason to dump her, you know what I mean? If you're in a relationship, and you're not growing. You're supposed to grow together. She cheated on me. I'm sure she did. She got caught twice, so when she started doing it, I started doing it. 
She did it first, she did it first, she started it. 
All I did was work. I worked, then came home, I swear to God! I was bringing home $1,300 cash a week. I was taking out vent systems, heaters, boilers and all that. I was bringing all this money home. It's heavy work, back-breaking stuff. All you wanted to do was go home to your shower and that's it. Eat, then sleep. 
I was mad because she was collecting welfare. It's like, 'Why are you collecting welfare?' We've got plenty of money. We had a good life. It's because of her girlfriends. It was like, 'You can get this, you get that.' Now, I had no insurance and stuff. I told her, 'You can get the medical, and you can get the food stamps, but don't get the cash,' but she went out and got it all. She got all the benefits, so I ended up in the system. 
I told the judge, 'How are you locking me up, when my kids live with me? Like, what are you talking about? This is my house. My kids live with me and everything.' Well, it was because of her, she was getting welfare, but I didn't know. 
I was getting locked up for a month here, a month there, you know. When they locked you up in the state of Pennsylvania, they suspended your license, so how could you get to work? If you had a driving job, you couldn't do it. It's fucked up! 
I told the judge, again, here you go, 'My kids live with me. I don't owe her nothing. Why am I here? If you look at the record, you'll understand what I'm talking about here. I' 
'Oh, I'm trying to get more money, blah, blah, blah blah,' so he looked and found out that she had a warrant out, so he said to me, 'Mr. Calvin, you want me to lock her up? What she' 
I said, 'Your honor, no.' I said no. 'We're not together no more. I didn't suffer from you guys. I was in the system. I was in jail six times, but I'm done now.' I said, 'No, that' 
She was acting real stupid. I looked at her and I said, 'I told you you wasn't going to get no money.' That's what I said to her. 'I told you you weren't going to get no money. The judge could have locked you up, no matter what I said. You heard what he said. It was welfare fraud. You' 
I have a kid that's getting ready to turn four, up in Boston. All of my other kids are here. I've got 24, 21, 20, 16, 15 and one that's getting ready to turn four. I grew up without a father, so I was going to make sure I' 
My three oldest, I put money into their accounts, in their names. They each have $50,000 in their bank account, right now. They've got more money than I do. Now, my younger ones, my 16 and 15-year-old, they've got about $10,000. The baby don't have shit, you know what I mean, but she' 
I was doing the smart thing with the money. Like I said, I grew up without a father, so I'm going to provide for my kids, no matter what. I'll suffer later, but as long as my kids are OK, then I'm happy. 
When I did get to know my father, I met him in church. I 
I was 16. Again, I was selling drugs, but I was also working at McDonald' 
He comes into church, sits behind us and goes like this to my mom. Taps on her shoulder, 'Who's that?' She almost cursed in church. 'It's a shame you don't know your own son!' I turned around and almost flipped, but then I realized I was in church. I was like, 'You made me and you don' 
When she got pregnant by him, she was with him for, like, five years. She said, 'I' 
My father, I almost killed him, in church. I was so angry. Yeaah. Yeaah. I was like, 'How can you not know who I am? Where was you at?' Like, 'Why don't you want me? What did I do to you? I didn't do anything to you. You made me,' but there was nothing, not a fuckin' word, not a fuckin' 
I never called him dad. I never called him pop. There was nothing until I turned 18. When we graduated high school, I paid for his parking to come see me graduate. That' 
My father came to my graduation because I begged him to come. Face to face, I was like, 'I'm your son. Aren't you proud of me for graduating, at least?' He was like, 'Well, she has money.' 
I paid for his parking. I paid for his ticket. We got, like, three graduation tickets, and you had to pay for two more. I paid for it. I paid for him. It was $10 or something. He didn' 
That's why I made a promise to myself. I said that when I have kids, no matter what happens between me and the girl, my kids are going to know who I am, and that I was there, so that' 
Tony gets mad that a lot of his crew don' 
I know what it's like to be on a bus with kids, grocery shopping and all that, with the kid wrapped around you, and you carrying bags and getting on a bus. I know what it' 
I told Tony, 'I ain't got no vehicle, man. I gave it to my son. I ain' 
When I hear people, because I hear people all the time, like how they hate their mom, how they hate their dad, and I'm like, I can see how you hate your dad, and you must have a reason, but at least you're living together. I didn't have that. All I had was my mom. You've got a mom and a dad, so you should be happy, you're lucky, because I didn' 
Linh Dinh is the author of two books of stories, five of poems, and a novel, Love Like Hate . He's tracking our deteriorating socialscape through his frequently updated photo blog, Postcards from the End of America . This entry was posted in Features . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Battles of Kunduz: US/Afghan 'friendly fire' By Eric Walberg Posted on November 4, 2016 by Eric Walberg 
The first 'Battle of Kunduz' took place from April to October 2015 for control of the city, where Taliban forces were playing cat and mouse for months and finally overran the city, forcing government forces to flee. The capture marked the first time since 2001 that the Taliban had taken control of a major city in Afghanistan. The Afghan government claimed to have largely recaptured Kunduz by October 1 in a counterattack. But by 6 October, the Taliban had recaptured substantial portions of Kunduz. 
In the confusion, on October 3, long after the government had supposedly recaptured the city, still looking for the Taliban command centre, US fighter pilots ominously circled the Kunduz emergency care trauma hospital. It had been installed and administered by Doctors without Borders (MSF), the only state-of-the-art facility in the war-torn province. 
For 45 minutes, like ominous clouds, the planes fired pot shots, as if warming up, taunting or warning the doctors and patients, who started to flee and were mowed down. Finally, the pilots of the gunships launched full scale fire at 2 a.m., on both the hospital and civilians fleeing what was clearly the target of US wrath. 
A year later, the Canadian MSF head, Stephen Cornish, described the assault at a memorial gathering at Toronto General Hospital honouring the 42 victims, both the MSF doctors and their patients, killed by US forces. In keeping with NGO tradition, Cornish wouldn't lay the blame on specific individuals, though there were dozens of eye witnesses. He just kept insisting that there be an independent inquiry. 
The US military refused, quickly deciding it was multiple errors of command and execution. The US forces were changing their shift and got confused. A sleep-deprived Green Beret major in charge of the US force believed that the Afghan commandos were under fire from the Taliban control centre. The local headquarters of Afghanistan's spy agency, the National Directorate of Security, was 500 m from the hospital. 
The hospitals was clearly marked to avoid precisely such error. MSF had warned US and Afghan authorities of the hospital's location ahead of time, but bombing continued for more than 30 minutes after it notified military officials it was under attack. 'Sorry, human error.' No one, sleep-deprived or otherwise, was held responsible. Not a peep from the official Afghan authorities in Kunduz. 
This case is frightening, 'a turning point' according to MSF Canada President Heather Culbert. 'That the US would violate one of the fundamental tenets of international humanitarian law by attacking civilians in a medical facility was appalling.' Even worse, there have been an increasing number of violations of international humanitarian law that have taken place in the 12 months that followed. 
Even worse, no one was charged, despite the sleepy 'smoking gun'. The US military has 'status of forces' agreements with all countries precisely for that reason, allowing it to spirit out its guilty soldiers before they can be brought to account, whether it be for murder, rape or worse. 
The 'fall' of Kunduz to the Taliban prompted a number of Afghan parliamentarians to call for the resignation of President Ashraf Ghani and Chief Executive of the Islamic Republic Abdullah Abdullah. In response Ghani's office replied that he had ordered an investigation into how Kunduz City fell so quickly. 
Instead of putting things 'in order', the Afghan government continues to watch Kunduz go back and forth between the Taliban and the Afghan National Army. As MSF honoured their fallen last month, the Taliban forces once again took the center of the city, forcing the only remaining hospital to evacuate staff and patients. 
Syria is the most dangerous spot for MSF. In February 2016, two MSF-supported hospitals in Idlib District and Aleppo were bombed, killing at least 20 and injuring dozens of patients and medical personnel, it is not clear by whom. In April 2016, an MSF hospital in Aleppo was bombed, killing 50, including six staff and patients. Again, it is unclear who did the bombing. 
They get flack from both sides wherever they operate. A few weeks after the Kunduz tragedy, an MSF hospital in Sa'dah, Yemen, was bombed by the Saudi Arabia-led military coalition, and then again in January 2016, killing 6. In November 2015, an MSF hospital was bombed by a Syrian Air Force helicopter, killing seven and wounding 47 people near Homs. 
In Kunduz, the hostility is greatest from government officials, who distrust them, humiliated by their inability to maintain order. I suggested to Cornish: Is it revenge? A warning that you shouldn't even be here? No comment. Cornish just insisted that hospitals should be out of bounds in conflict situations. But 'sleep deprivation' hardly accounts for the Kunduz tragedy. 
The account of the battle for Kunduz reads like a video game. The 'good guys' in bullet-proof armour on adrenaline and/or drug-induced highs, using night vision goggles and infrared cameras, guns and grenades, like toys in a dazzling arcade. The 'bad guys'—poorly armed guerrillas who perversely refuse to submit to the 'good guys'. The thrill of a brush with death for US soldiers, before returning to the US with a few 'scalps,' wild tales of adventure, and some war booty. US pilots in Iraq even produced a video of how they mowed down helpless civilians for fun. In Oliver Stone's Snowden this is graphically depicted, happening from the NSA base in Hawaii. 
The alarming degeneration of the security situation which Kunduz demonstrated prompted UN Security Council Resolution 2286 in May 2016, which calls for greater protection of civilians, medical facilities and personnel in war zones. Instead of seeing a decrease in atrocities since the resolution, however, attacks and deaths increased by 50%. 
The reckless attack on the hospital in Kunduz made me think of the inviolability of churches and mosques in feudal times, how this honorable tradition was lost in the secular 20th century, where Nazis burned the churches full of civilians. In an age without belief, hospitals become the substitute inviolable, sacred spot. But nothing is sacred anymore. The 'good guys' have lost their aura of fighters for a sacred cause. 
Kunduz also recalls fire bombing of Dresden by the Allies in WWII, the symbol of the mass bombing of civilians that killed tens of thousands of civilians, in an attempt to destroy the morale of the enemy, setting a precedent for US bombing in Vietnam, Afghanistan and Iraq. 
The Red Cross reports that its work has actually become more dangerous since the end of the Cold War and the ascendancy of the US as world policeman. So we should not be surprised by Kunduz. It is merely another example of the US doing what it knows best: using military might to terrorize, in hopes that its victims will submit to its will. To brazenly target hospitals indeed is a turning point, a turning backwards to past crimes, crimes we once piously attributed only to the enemy. But where there is no enemy left, everyone becomes a target. We are the enemy. 
Our only hope is to 'turn back' the system of imperialism and its ideology of materialism, and to restore the sense of spirituality which has been eroded by it. 
Canadian Eric Walberg is known worldwide as a journalist specializing in the Middle East, Central Asia and Russia. A graduate of University of Toronto and Cambridge in economics, he has been writing on East-West relations since the 1980s. He is author of ' Postmodern Imperialism: Geopolitics and the Great Games ' and ' From Postmodernism to Postsecularism: Re-emerging Islamic Civilization .' You can reach him at ericwalberg.com . This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Posted on November 4, 2016 by Gilad Atzmon 
In her recent Washington Post Article , Jewish academic Cheryl Greenberg makes one valid observation. Trump's criticism of the Jews is far more subtle than his disapproval of other groups and identities (Mexicans, Muslims, Women etc). Though Trump is not known for pulling his punches, when it comes to the Jews, Trump chooses his words very carefully. Trump, according to Greenberg, is so careful 'that it's not clear that Trump himself fully understands the implications of what he's saying.' I guess that the Jewish academic couldn't restrain herself from looking down at the Goy candidate. 
Greenberg sees Trump as a puppet-master who controls his audience by means of 'dog whistling.' 'Trump's references to money, bankers and international conspiracies appear to be deliberate anti-Semitic dog whistles, and his alt-right supporters recognize (and celebrate) that.' 
Greenberg elaborates on her observation, 'first of all, dog whistles serve when overt expressions are not an option; they communicate to those who are familiar with the conspiracy theories but maintain plausible deniability.' According to Greenberg, when Trump wants to communicate a message about the Jews, he uses an indecipherable code intelligible only to half of the Americans . . . Greenberg and the ADL. 
If Greenberg is correct, if Trump says 'international Bankers' but really means Jews, then both the Republican candidate and half of the American people are fearful of the Jews. They must very well understand what a confrontation with Jewish institutions may entail. They know that, in America, criticism of Mexicans, Women, and Muslims is a kosher territory but even a subtle criticism of Jews may cost them dearly. One may wonder, how did this happen? What is the substance of that magical power that empowers half of Americans to speak in codes when they think about Jews? 
Greenberg seems to raise the right question just to come up with the wrong answer. 'Why would anti-Semitism not be an overt option, while racism, sexism, and xenophobia are?' 
'Americans are less willing to accept blatant anti-Semitism than racism,' Greenberg's answers. 
What Greenberg really wants to say is that Americans can be racists and can say whatever they like about whoever they want. But when it comes to Jews, they refrain. Americans do know very well the geography of the boundaries of correctness. Jewish power is for them a taboo, at least momentarily. America and Americans are fully aware of the enormous power that is bestowed in the hands of just a few Jewish oligarchs within the ubiquitous industries of media, finance, politics, and culture. 
America would have loved to dissolve the situation peacefully but it can't. Jewish power can't be contained or suppressed because we are not even allowed to allude to it, let alone point it out. 
Jewish power is defined as the power to silence criticism of Jewish power. Jewish power, as such, is a ticking time bomb. It is a unique form of self-destructiveness. The history of the Jews proves this point. Time after time it is Jewish power that sets the path towards a glamorous Jewish golden age that leads to the most severe tragic consequences. 
The Jewish phobia of anti-Semitism is not driven by fear of the gentile. It is actually the other way around. The Jewish fear of anti-Semitism is the result of Jews being fearful of their own might. Jews tend to recognise that there is something in themselves that evokes animosity from others. This is the true meaning of the Jewish 'Pre Traumatic Stress Syndrome.' It is the acceptance that from here forward, things can only get worse. Many Jews see in Trump's popularity a symptom of a fatigue of their own power. They interpret the nostalgic yearning for 'America being great' as a pining for a Christian past. Something that predates Goldman Sachs' and Soros' dominion. The Jewish aggression towards Trump can be realised as an expression of Jewish guilt. Yet, Trump himself has very little to do with it. He married his daughter to a Jew. He trades with Jews, he loves Israel. He is almost as Jewish as the Clintons. 
Greenberg is optimistic. For her, Trump's popularity is 'the final gasping of white supremacy.' His voters—pretty much half of the American people—are dogs reacting to a man with a whistle. I am not as optimistic as Greenberg. I think that exploring such contempt towards half of the American people in the name of a vague progressive mantra is a very dangerous game. It suggests to me that progressives have reached a state of complete detachment. 
Gilad Atzmon is an Israeli jazz musician, author and political activist. His new book, 'The Wandering Who,' may be ordered from amazon.com or amazon.co.uk . 

ARTICLE

Posted on November 7, 2016 by Lawrence Davidson 
For those who might wonder why foreign policy makers repeatedly make bad choices, some insight might be drawn from the following analysis. The action here plays out in the United States, but the lessons are probably universal. 
Back in the early spring of 2003, George W. Bush initiated the invasion of Iraq. His public reason for doing so was the belief that the country's dictator, Saddam Hussein, was on the verge of developing nuclear weapons. The real reason went beyond that charge and included a long-range plan for 'regime change' in the Middle East. For our purposes we will concentrate on the belief that Iraq was about to become a hostile nuclear power. Why did President Bush and his close associates accept this scenario so readily? 
The short answer is Bush wanted, indeed needed, to believe it as a rationale for invading Iraq. At first he had tried to connect Saddam Hussein to the 11 September 2001 attacks on the U.S. Though he never gave up on that stratagem, the lack of evidence made it difficult to rally an American people, already fixated on Afghanistan, to support a war against Baghdad. However, the nuclear weapons gambit proved more fruitful, not because there was any hard evidence for the charge, but because supposedly reliable witnesses, in the persons of exiled anti-Saddam Iraqis, kept telling Bush and his advisers that the nuclear story was true. 
What we had was a U.S. leadership cadre whose worldview literally demanded a mortally dangerous Iraq, and informants who, in order to precipitate the overthrow of Saddam, were willing to tell the tale of pending atomic weapons. The strong desire to believe the tale of a nuclear Iraq lowered the threshold for proof . Likewise, the repeated assertions by assumed dependable Iraqi sources underpinned a nationwide U.S. campaign generating both fear and war-fever. 
So the U.S. and its allies insisted that the United Nations send in weapons inspectors to scour Iraq for evidence of a nuclear weapons program. That the inspectors could find no convincing evidence only frustrated the Bush administration and soon forced its hand. On 19 March 2003 Bush launched the invasion of Iraq. The expectation was that, once in occupation of the country, they would surely find those nukes. They did not. Their Iraqi informants had systematically lied to them. 
Social and behavioral sciences to the rescue? 
The various U.S. intelligence agencies were thoroughly shaken by this affair, and today, thirteen years later, their directors and managers are still trying to sort it out—specifically, how to tell when they are getting 'true' intelligence and when they are being lied to. Or, as one intelligence worker has put it, we need ' help to protect us against armies of snake oil salesmen. ' To that end the CIA et al. are in the market for academic assistance. 
A 'partnership' is being forged between the Office of the Director of National Intelligence( ODNI ), which serves as the coordinating center for the sixteen independent U.S. intelligence agencies, and the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine . The result of this collaboration will be a ' permanent Intelligence Community Studies Board ' to coordinate programs in 'social and behavioral science research [that] might strengthen national security.' 
Despite this effort, it is almost certain that the 'social and behavioral sciences' cannot give the spy agencies what they want—a way of detecting lies that is better than their present standard procedures of polygraph tests and interrogations. But even if they could, it might well make no difference, because the real problem is not to be found with the liars. It is to be found with the believers. 
Believers 
It is simply not true, as the ODNI leaders seem to assert, that U.S. intelligence agency personnel cannot tell, more often than not, that they are being lied to. This is the case because there are thousands of middle-echelon intelligence workers, desk officers, and specialists who know something closely approaching the truth—that is, they know pretty well what is going on in places like Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Israel, Palestine and elsewhere. Therefore, if someone feeds them 'snake oil' they usually know it. However, having an accurate grasp of things is often to no avail because their superiors—those who got their appointments by accepting a pre-structured worldview—have different criterion for what is 'true' than do the analysts. 
Listen to Charles Gaukel, of the National Intelligence Council—yet another organization that acts as a meeting ground for the 16 intelligence agencies. Referring to the search for a way to avoid getting taken in by lies, Mr. Gaukel has declared, ' We're looking for truth. But we're particularly looking for truth that works. ' Now what might that mean? 
I can certainly tell you what it means historically. It means that for the power brokers, 'truth' must match up, fit with, their worldview—their political and ideological precepts. If it does not fit, it does not 'work.' So the intelligence specialists who send their usually accurate assessments up the line to the policy makers often hit a roadblock caused by groupthink, ideological blinkers, and a 'we know better' attitude. 
On the other hand, as long as what you're selling the leadership matches up with what they want to believe, you can peddle them anything: imaginary Iraqi nukes, Israel as a Western-style democracy, Saudi Arabia as an indispensable ally, Libya as a liberated country, Bashar al-Assad as the real roadblock to peace in Syria, the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) aka Star Wars, a world that is getting colder and not warmer, American exceptionalism in all its glory—the list is almost endless. 
Conclusion 
What does this sad tale tell us? If you want to spend millions of dollars on social and behavioral science research to improve the assessment and use of intelligence, forget about the liars. What you want to look for is an antidote to the narrow-mindedness of the believers—the policymakers who seem not to be able raise above the ideological presumptions of their class—presumptions that underpin their self-confidence as they lead us all down slippery slopes. 
It has happened this way so often, and in so many places, that it is the source of Shakespeare's determination that 'what is past, is prelude.' Our elites play out our destines as if they have no free will—no capacity to break with structured ways of seeing. Yet the middle-echelon specialists keep sending their relatively accurate assessments up the ladder of power. Hope springs eternal. 
This work by MWC News is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License . 
Dr. Davidson has done extensive research and published in the areas of American perceptions of the Middle East, and Islamic Fundamentalism. His two latest publications are Islamic Fundamentalism (Greenwood Press, 1998) and America's Palestine: Popular and Official Perceptions from Balfour to Israeli Statehood (University Press of Florida, 2001). He has published thirteen articles on various aspects of American perceptions of the Middle East. Dr. Davidson holds a BA from Rutgers, an MA from Georgetown University and a Ph.D. in history from the University of Alberta. This entry was posted in Analysis . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Alfred Hitchcock explains James Comey, the media and 2016's 'MacGuffin' It takes a master of suspense to decode the final plot twists of this election. By Neal Gabler Posted on November 7, 2016 by Neal Gabler 
It is impossible to count the myriad ways in which the media botched FBI Director James Comey's Friday announcement that the agency had found a cache of emails that seemingly (a key word) pertain to Hillary Clinton's use of a private server. I heard the news via CNN at an airport while waiting to board a plane. No one needs to be told that CNN is a journalistic disgrace—a textbook case of the decline of American media, all the more depressing because, unlike Fox News and MSNBC, it purports to be a real news organization. Instead, it is a ratings machine, and it is beyond contemptible. 
So what I heard was Wolf Blitzer in his customary tizzy, as if Pearl Harbor had just been attacked, breathlessly ballyhooing Comey's missive to Congress and asking what seemed to be an endless queue of talking heads to weigh in on what is now routinely called a 'bombshell.' This too is a textbook example of media practice. In the movies, bombast has replaced narrative. The last half-hour of every blockbuster is obligatory and generic: noise, lots and lots and lots of noise, and a gazillion special effects until any vestige of story evaporates and your head throbs. Cable has done something similar with news. It is all pitch, no content. The hysteria can transform anything into a drama, which is precisely cable's intention. 
This has been true of the Clinton emails since the beginning. It was always something of a hoax—a new chapter for a hungry media juicing its audience. Not one in a hundred voters can tell you the awful crime Clinton was supposed to have committed or why it matters. Not one in a hundred—and I would include journalists—have any idea of what really went down with these emails, as I discussed in an earlier post that highlighted the one reporter, Garrett M. Graff of Politico , who actually did something it appears no other reporter thought of doing: read the FBI's summary account of the investigation. 
In effect, then, the Clinton emails have always been what the great film director Alfred Hitchcock called a 'MacGuffin,' which Hitchcock described as the 'device, the gimmick, if you will, that sets the plot in motion.' And he continued: 'It doesn't matter what it is. And the logicians are wrong in trying to figure out the truth of a MacGuffin, since it's beside the point. The only thing that really matters is that in the picture, the plans, documents or secrets must seem to be of vital importance to the characters. To me, the narrator, they're of no importance whatever.' 
It takes Alfred Hitchcock to reveal the secret of the emails as well as the basic operating principle of our political media. To the media, the emails are the primary plot device. In reality, they mean nothing. And I should add this: Should Donald Trump win this election, and he very well might now, historians 50 years from now will be scratching their heads over how something so inconsequential as a private email server could possibly have swayed the election. Emails! Really! How do we explain a MacGuffin overtaking our politics? 
The thing is that while the media have been obsessing over the MacGuffin, they have missed entirely the real story—the story that historians will examine and ponder. Oddly enough, it was arguably one of the world's worst newspapers, England's right-wing Daily Mail tabloid, which is about 10 notches below our own New York Post , which is 10 notches below any real newspaper, that broke the deeper story . 
The Daily Mail reported that FBI agents were incensed over Comey's decision not to prosecute Clinton (so, says the paper, was Comey's wife) and many submitted resignations in protest. Even when real newspapers finally caught up with this angle, they soft-peddled the significance of the nation's primary investigative agency being an in-house right-wing force that was determined to veer the election toward Trump. The later dump of Bill Clinton documents only underscores the determination of the FBI to turn the election. 
That is real and really disturbing news—colossally big news, giant headline news. With his sudden announcement, Comey may or may not have been trying to pacify the GOP, which would have been bad enough. It does appear he was trying to raise morale among the Gestapo at his own agency by aiding Trump. And let's be clear: He knew he was aiding Trump. 
That the media have largely ignored this aspect is both astonishing and depressing. The New York Times very delicately compared Comey to the late J. Edgar Hoover, who used the agency for his own devices, largely to settle personal grievances and advance his right-wing agenda. (And I mean very delicately. The media have always treated Comey as Diogenes.) 
But then the media are so caught up in their own hysteria over emails, they don't have distance to view the big story. And when they aren't preoccupied with the emails, they are preoccupied with how Comey's revelation, seemingly in violation of Justice Department protocols and the Hatch Act, will affect the election. So you go from the MacGuffin to the horse race without ever having to engage anything substantive. 
You could say that Comey brilliantly played the media for his own benefit, knowing that they couldn't resist and certainly wouldn't investigate a new plot twist. Hitch knew the difference between an insubstantial MacGuffin and something that was important. Comey realized that the media don't. Their confusion, along with their unwillingness to out the FBI and its seemingly alt-right agenda, could wind up being the decisive element in this election. It is the campaign equivalent of that deafening superhero movie climax—all noise, no sense. This post was first published on BillMoyers.com . 
Neal Gabler is an author of five books and the recipient of two LA Times Book Prizes, Time magazine's non-fiction book of the year, USA Today's biography of the year and other awards. He is also a senior fellow at The Norman Lear Center at the University of Southern California, and is currently writing a biography of Sen. Edward Kennedy.

ARTICLE

Washington's meddling in foreign elections By Jacob Hornberger Posted on November 7, 2016 by Jacob Hornberger 
As U.S. officials continue to accuse Russia of meddling with the U.S. presidential election, an accusation that they have provided no evidence whatsoever to support, let's review some of the U.S. government's history of meddling with elections in others countries. 
1. In 1951, the democratically elected parliament of Iran elected a man named Mohammad Mossadegh to be Iran's prime minister. Mossadegh angered British Empire officials by nationalizing British oil interests in the country. 
British officials then turned to the CIA for assistance. In 1953, the CIA secretly fomented a violent coup in Iran, which succeeded in ousting Mossadegh from power and making the Shah of Iran the supreme unelected dictator of the country. 
To fortify the Shah's dictatorial hold on power, the CIA helped organize and train his domestic police force, the Savak, which was essentially a combination of the CIA, the NSA, and the military. Part of the CIA's training involved teaching Savak agents the art of torture. 
For the next 26 years, the Iranian people suffered under one of the most brutal and tyrannical dictatorships in the world, one that U.S. officials fully supported and called an ally and friend of the United States. 
In 1979, Iranians successfully revolted against the Shah's regime and ousted him from power. One result was not a restoration of the democratic system that had elected Mossadegh but rather another brutal dictatorship, this time a religious one. Another result is the bad relations between the Iran and U.S. governments that continue to exist today. 
2. In 1951, the Guatemalan people democratically elected a man named Jacobo Arbenz to be their president. Arbenz, however, was not satisfactory to U.S. officials, especially the national-security branch of the government, specifically the Pentagon and the CIA. The reason that U.S. officials opposed Arbenz was that he was a socialist, and U.S. officials considered a socialist president of Guatemala to be a threat to 'national security' here in the United States. 
In 1954—one year after the coup in Iran, the CIA fomented a violent military coup that succeeded in removing Arbenz from power and replacing him with one of the most brutal unelected military dictators in Latin American history, a man named Carlos Castillo Armas. The CIA had a kill list prepared for the coup, which Arbenz was able to escape by fleeing the country before Castillo was able to get him. The CIA's destruction of Guatemala's democratic system threw the nation into a 30-year civil war that ended up killing millions of Guatemalan people, especially many of the poor. 
3. In 1960 a man named Patrice Lumumba was elected Congo's first prime minister after independence from Belgium. Lumumba spoke out against Western imperialism and refused to take sides in the Cold War, which caused the CIA to conclude that he was a threat to 'national security.' The CIA orchestrated the assassination of Lumumba, which ended up taking place on January 17, 1961, just three days before President Kennedy, who liked Lumumba and who would have ordered the CIA to stand down, was to be sworn into office. 
4. In 1970 a man named Salvador Allende received a plurality of votes in the presidential election in Chile. Pursuant to the Chilean constitution, the election was thrown into the national congress. President Richard Nixon, his national-security team, the Pentagon, and the CIA concluded that because Allende believed in communism and socialism, he posed a grave threat to 'national security' here in the United States. The CIA attempted to bribe members of the congress to vote against Allende. It also orchestrated the kidnapping of the head of Chile's armed forces, Gen Rene Schneider, who opposed a U.S. military coup in his country, especially since a coup would violate the country's constitution. The kidnapping attempt on Schneider left him dead. 
The CIA then fomented a coup that took place on 9/11 1973 that violently ousted Allende from power and left him dead. Replacing him was army Gen. Augusto Pinochet, one of the most brutal unelected military dictators in history. By the time Pinochet's 17-year reign of military terror came to an end in 1990, he and his CIA-supported goons had incarcerated, raped, tortured, or killed tens of thousands of innocent people—that is, people whose only 'crime' was believing in socialism—with the full support of the CIA, Pentagon, Nixon, and his 'national security' team. 
Of course, there are also the more recent support of regime-change operations that ousted democratically elected presidents that the U.S. government disapproved of, such as in Ukraine and Egypt. 
And then there is the long list of countries where unelected dictators were targeted for regime change by the U.S. national security state and, where successful, replaced with a brutal unelected pro-U.S. dictator. Cuba, Indonesia, Iraq, Libya, and Syria all come to mind. 
U.S. officials need to keep in mind that when they point their accusatory index finger at Russia for supposedly meddling in the U.S. presidential election, U.S. officials have, at the same time, three fingers pointing back at themselves. This work by MWC News is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License . 
Jacob G. Hornberger is founder and president of The Future of Freedom Foundation.

ARTICLE

After November 8, America may need legalized pot By Frank Scott Posted on November 7, 2016 by Frank Scott 
'If we cast a vote for establishment politicians we are legitimizing establishment control of politics. It's that simple.'—Michael K. Smith 
As millions prepare to do just what Smith warns against, including hundreds of thousands who think themselves dedicated to ending such control, it's time we understand American mind management's great success at reducing voters to herds of human cattle whether from a conservative right, a liberal left, or trapped in the middle of the political desert called the two party system under one class control. 
Reducing otherwise thoughtful Americans to sinking intellectually lower than those they are taught to disrespect as uneducated and worse, we find an allegedly liberal population that might make Germans during the Nazi era seem civil libertarians by comparison. The all consuming state of the mind managed and consciousness controlled—the greater the conflict, the tighter the control—finds supposedly educated groups reacting with all the critical thoughtfulness of a dog leaving its droppings on the pavement. And a likeness to excrement might be raising the level of debate, given the atrocities of persuasion used to reduce America's political arena to a giant national toilet. Consider only a few of the glaring contradictions hardly given a thought by innocents who exercise more choice while shopping for clothes, pet food, weapons or drugs than in the political marketplace where they, instead of the products, are branded. And let's remember the origin of this ugly overused term which originally meant burning into the flesh of an animal or human slave the 'brand' of its owner. Whose 'brand' are you? 
People taught that freedom of speech and thought are cherished ideals are programmed into vilifying those who dare to speak or think differently than they. While the all too easy examples of religious fundamentalists suppressing the freedom of one or another minority or the right to openly speak about beliefs that contradict the accepted code are cited by a purportedly secular liberal sector as narrow minded bigotry, it is as guilty, often proudly so, of the same behavior. 
For example, when a rich, silicon valley techmeister dared to contradict the hypothetically free thinking libertarian mindset of the market fundamentalist community who make up the majority of the rich IT class, the reaction was swift and as tolerant as any Nazi embargo on thought. Previously lauded by a gay liberal publication for being rich and homosexual as well, he became a villain and un-gay for being a supporter of Donald Trump. And liberals too young to remember or too ignorant to know about the anti-Soviet frenzy of the Cold War are aroused to react to Putin and Russia the way the people they treat with utter contempt might react to an abortion being performed at the altar during their church service. A supposed community of gay rights advocates doesn't accept gays who don't toe the party line of such supporters, while alleged anti-war oriented people operate in a controlled mental state lusting for war as the country moves closer to a military confrontation with Russia, provoked by sources of propaganda they formerly opposed moving them to think—if at all—from their lower anatomy, in the fashion of the candidate they are programmed to hate. 
A rapidly diminishing economic system that still rewards a substantial minority with comfort and privilege while giving the class above them that brands their professions measures of wealth beyond belief, is made to feel superior to the majority who carry the burden of social costs to finance their personal benefits. This results in great numbers of people looking down on those below them in the economic stratification of 21 st century capitalism, approaching that of its centuries old origins in comfort for some and squalor for most. Thus, those able to afford education, a shrinking minority and 'diverse' in the divide and conquer modes of identitarian affirmation, are taught to disrespect those with less ability to pay the educational premiums or qualify for the massive debt required. The majority of Americans, without college degrees and forced to accept even more limited work than those who make it through the paper mills and become lawyers, teachers or as often, baristas, are seen as less able to think or perform in the capitalist marketplace and become subjects of blame for all the worst aspects of the game. 
Inequality, racism, sexism, problems of immigration, gentrification and many other aspects of what passes for normal political economics are seen as the fault or responsibility of 'others.' And the majority group, carefully splintered into as many ethnic, religious and ugliest and most ignorant of all, racial minorities—thus with less chance to perform as the majority we truly are—are driven to reactionary minority political organization which seems the only answer to other reactionary minority opposition given that action of a majority is treated as a work of fiction or desire of folly. Meanwhile, imperial warfare, Wall Street, Corporate America, the richest 1%, its well paid servants and Israeli interests continue to take up the lion's share of the nation's wealth as alleged market competition becomes the anti-social reality of the most while a perverted form of wealthy socialism exists with benefits for only the least. 
With established billionaires, through their banks and lobbies like NRAIPAC, maintaining control whichever of the deadly duo is elected by well meaning lesser evilites, the need for a radical politics of truly revolutionary and not simply social democratic change will become more pressing. The identity group of those with enough money to matter no matter what their skin tone, religion or ethnicity, needs to join with masses whose lives matter much less because they haven't enough money to matter, no matter what their skin tone, ethnicity or religion. The most democratic, humane and efficient system will not happen until it's created by people who understand that with all the horrid treatment of people of different caste and color, the primary division and barrier among all of humanity is that of economic class. With all the nonsense about an alleged problem of growing population, no one goes without food, shelter, education or healthcare because there isn't enough of those things, but only because they haven't enough money to pay for them and return a profit to the marketeers who sell them. 
We now have capital's representatives from all supposed minorities in Congress, on Wall street, in the military, as CEOs of major corporations and just about everything else. Whether the private profits accrue to heterosexuals, homosexuals, people of light skin tone, dark skin tone, or with accents that identify them as from Mexico, Brooklyn or Serbo-Croatia, they come at public expense. Instead of seeking other mind management created minorities to blame or see as enemies, we need to direct our focus at the rigged system of human inequality which allows some to thrive only at others' failure. The only minority to deal with on a confrontational basis is the billionaire gang formerly confronted by some dedicated followers of the Bernie Sanders campaign, before they became sheep led to a voting booth to make sure that billionaire minority retains its domination. If only 5% of them vote for Jill Stein, the Greens will receive millions of public dollars to continue building a real alternative of hope for the future. When slavish obedience to mind managed lesser evil ends, we will begin building a better nation and world, but not until then. On the eighth, vote, inhale deeply and try to relax, if you can. And on the ninth, begin working for that change, if you haven't already. 
Frank Scott's political commentary and satire is online at legalienate.blogspot.com . Email:

ARTICLE

Posted on November 7, 2016 by Walter Brasch 
With less than a week until the election, just about every voter in the swing states has received dozens of robocalls, e-mails, letters, postcards, and exposure to almost-uncountable radio, TV, digital, satellite, and social media ads. Most are attack ads, with similar messages. 
The ads focus upon homeland security, taxes, immigration, pro-life/pro-choice, and bringing jobs back to America. The conservatives have thrown in the phrase 'liberal extremists' in many of their ads in an effort to shock all America to believe that liberals are somehow tied to Muslim extremists. The liberals are pushing an agenda that defines the conservatives as greedy plutocrats who have little thought for the middle class. This election, from local offices to the presidency may be the dirtiest since 1800 when Thomas Jefferson challenged John Adams. 
Donald Trump, who has outsourced much of his clothing line and construction materials, now says if president he will bring jobs back to America, stop illegal immigration, defeat Isis, repeal Obamacare, lower taxes for families while miraculously raising the budget for defense, and perform myriad miracle acts that are not part of a president's constitutional responsibility. 
On his march to the presidency, Trump has focused upon Hillary Clinton's e-mails, a scandal that isn't one. Congressional hearings and the FBI have cleared her; innumerable times, Trump has continued to attack her. Clinton has already apologized for using a personal e-mail server during her four years as secretary of state. What turned up among more than 30,000 e-mails is about 55 e-mails that received a 'confidential' tag, the lowest of three classifications, with another 55 receiving 'secret' or 'top secret' classification. As a cabinet officer, and fourth in line of succession, she had the right to classify any message. A few of the messages came from other agencies. About 2,100 messages were classified retroactively. 
Clinton, still ahead in numerous polls, has attacked Trump for his crude behavior. One of her TV ads, which penetrates almost every TV show, is a fast-paced collage of his many comments; among them, Trump mocks a disabled reporter, uses obscene language, and treats women as chattel. 
Both candidates call each other unfit to be president, with Clinton asking voters if they really want Trump to be the person in charge of unleashing the nuclear arsenal, and Trump asking voters if they want a corrupt liar in the White House. Trump has also played upon Clinton's 30 years of public service, linking her as an insider and him as an outsider to Washington, D.C., politics. The 'outsider' label has been resonating with voters at all levels of the election campaigns as voters believe they are outsiders, alienated to government, and are willing to be led by insiders who claim to be outsiders. 
The cost of airing ads by both candidates for the presidency and members of Congress is more than $4 billion, and that doesn't include the cost of producing them. More than $600 million, spread among all major Democratic and Republican candidates for the presidency, has been spent on broadcast TV ads, according to Borrell Associates. During the past 21 weeks, Clinton has spent about $211 million on broadcast TV ads; Trump has spent about $74 million, according to data compiled by BloombergPolitics. However, Trump has used both Twitter and free TV time, due to outrageous statements, to equal Clinton's campaign. During the final week prior to the election, Trump will spend $25 million in broadcast TV ads. 
The Trump totals don't include a $3 million TV ad buy from the NRA, which stokes the fire of fear that Clinton, if elected president, will violate the Second Amendment and take guns away from civilians, something a president cannot do. By Tuesday's election, it will be doubtful that either Clinton or Trump will know how many ads were placed by their campaigns or by SuperPACs on their behalf that aired on broadcast television. 
There is one reality in all the advertising—negative ads generally don't work, and exist only to reinforce a candidate's base of support. 
Dr. Brasch, who has covered politics and government for four decades, is author of 'Fracking America: Sacrificing Health and the Environment for Short-Term Economic Benefit.'

ARTICLE

Why Palestinians want to sue Britain: 99 years since the Balfour Declaration By Ramzy Baroud Posted on November 4, 2016 by Ramzy Baroud 
Last July, the Palestinian Authority took the unexpected, although belated step of seeking Arab backing in suing Britain over the Balfour Declaration. That 'declaration' was the first ever explicit commitment made by Britain, and the West in general, to establish a Jewish homeland atop an existing Palestinian homeland. 
It is too early to tell whether the Arab League would heed the Palestinian call , or if the PA would even follow through, especially considering that the latter has the habit of making too many proclamations backed by little or no action. 
However, it seems that the next year will witness a significant tug of war regarding the Balfour Declaration, the 100 th anniversary of which will be commemorated on November 02, 2017. 
But who is Balfour, what is the Balfour Declaration and why does all of this matters today? 
Britain's Foreign Secretary from late 1916, Arthur James Balfour, had pledged Palestine to another people. That promise was made on November 02, 1917, on behalf of the British government in the form of a letter sent to the leader of the Jewish community in Britain, Walter Rothschild. 
At the time, Britain was not even in control of Palestine, which was still part of the Ottoman Empire. Either way, Palestine was never Balfour's to so casually transfer to anyone else. His letter read: 
'His Majesty's government view with favour the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people, and will use their best endeavours to facilitate the achievement of this object, it being clearly understood that nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities in Palestine, or the rights and political status enjoyed by Jews in any other country.' 
He concluded, 'I should be grateful if you would bring this declaration to the knowledge of the Zionist Federation.' 
Balfour was hardly acting on his own. True, the Declaration bears his name, yet, in reality, he was a loyal agent of an Empire with massive geopolitical designs, not only concerning Palestine alone, but with Palestine as part of a larger Arab landscape. 
Only a year earlier, another sinister document was introduced, albeit secretly. It was endorsed by another top British diplomat, Mark Sykes and, on behalf of France, by François Georges-Picot. The Russians were informed of the agreement, as they too had received a piece of the Ottoman cake. 
The document indicated that, once the Ottomans were soundly defeated, their territories, including Palestine, would be split among the prospective victorious parties. 
The Sykes-Picot Agreement , also known as the 'Asia Minor Agreement,' was signed in secret one hundred years ago, two years into World War I. It signified the brutal nature of colonial powers that rarely associated land and resources with people who lived upon or owned them. 
The centerpiece of the agreement was a map that was marked with straight lines by a China graph pencil. The map largely determined the fate of the Arabs, dividing them in accordance with various haphazard assumptions of tribal and sectarian lines. 
The improvised map consisted not only of lines but also colors , along with language that attested to the fact that the two countries viewed the Arab region purely on materialistic terms, without paying the slightest attention to the possible repercussions of slicing up entire civilizations with a multifarious history of co-operation and conflict. 
Palestinians rebelled , marking a rebellion that has never ceased 99 years later, and highlighting the horrific consequences of British colonialism and the eventual complete Zionist takeover of Palestine which is still felt after all of these years. 
Paltry attempts to pacify Palestinian anger were to no avail, especially after the League of Nations Council in July 1922 approved the terms of the British Mandate over Palestine—which was originally granted to Britain in April 1920—without consulting the Palestinians at all. In fact, Palestinians would disappear from the British and international radar, only to reappear as negligible rioters, troublemakers, and obstacles to the joint British-Zionist colonial concoctions. 
Despite occasional assurances to the contrary, the British intention of ensuring the establishment of an exclusively Jewish state in Palestine was becoming clearer with time. The Balfour Declaration was not merely an aberration, but had, indeed, set the stage for the that followed, three decades later. 
In fact, that history remains in constant replay: the Zionists claimed Palestine and renamed it 'Israel'; the British continue to support them, although never ceasing to pay lip-service to the Arabs; and the Palestinian people remain a nation that is geographically fragmented between refugee camps, in the diaspora, militarily occupied, or treated as second class citizens in a country upon which their ancestors dwelt since time immemorial. 
While Balfour cannot be blamed for all the misfortunes that have befallen Palestinians since he communicated his brief but infamous letter, the notion that his 'promise' embodied complete disregard of the aspirations and rights of the Palestinian Arab people—that very letter is handed from one generation of British diplomats to the next, in the same way that Palestinian resistance to colonialism has and continues to spread across generations. 
That injustice continues, thus the perpetuation of the conflict. What the British, the early Zionists, the Americans and subsequent Israeli governments failed to understand, and continue to ignore at their own peril, is that there can be no peace without justice and equality in Palestine; and that Palestinians will continue to resist, as long as the reasons that inspired their rebellion nearly a century ago remain in place. 
Dr. Ramzy Baroud has been writing about the Middle East for over 20 years. He is an internationally-syndicated columnist, a media consultant, an author of several books and the founder of PalestineChronicle.com. His books include 'Searching Jenin,' 'The Second Palestinian Intifada' and his latest 'My Father Was a Freedom Fighter: Gaza's Untold Story.' His website is . . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

The future of civil rights is up to the Supreme Court A single court seat can change the landscape of our liberties—and this election could determine four. By Mary Frances Berry Posted on November 4, 2016 by Mary Frances Berry 
When 95-year-old Rosanell Eaton first registered to vote in the Jim Crow South, she was forced to pass a written literacy test and recite the preamble of the Constitution from memory. Seven decades after becoming one of the first African American voters in her county, Eaton once again found herself facing obstacles undermining her access to the franchise. 
Because of North Carolina's harsh new voting restrictions, Eaton had to make 11 trips to various state agencies—traveling a total of over 200 miles —to get the identification she needed to vote. 
So Eaton challenged the state's voter ID laws in a case that made its way to the nation's highest court. After an appeals court struck down the restrictions, the Supreme Court—in a 4–4 tie vote this August—declined for now to reinstate them, pending an eventual appeal. 
Eaton's harrowing story demonstrates the powerful role of each Supreme Court justice. Had there been one more conservative justice sitting on the court, North Carolina voters like Eaton would be facing the controversial, discriminatory barriers she challenged this November. 
As with so many decisions in our country's history, the protection of Americans' fundamental rights came down to a single seat on the Supreme Court. It was only by one vote, after all, that the court decided the damaging Shelby County case in 2013, which gutted the Voting Rights Act—a landmark achievement of the 1960s civil rights movement—and allowed North Carolina to establish these discriminatory voting restrictions in the first place. 
As powerful as a single Supreme Court seat can be, more than one seat hangs in the balance this November. The next president could nominate up to four justices for lifetime appointments on the Supreme Court. The outcome of the election may well determine the composition of our nation's most powerful court for decades—and with it, the future of our civil rights. 
Based on the list of judges Donald Trump has said he would consider for nomination, our civil rights could be in real jeopardy with a Trump presidency. Multiple judges on Trump's list have upheld the kind of discriminatory voter ID laws that Eaton is fighting in North Carolina. 
For instance, after a lower court found that Wisconsin's voter ID law 'results in the denial or abridgment of the right to vote on account of race or color ,' Judge Diane Sykes—whom Trump has named as a possible Supreme Court nominee—nonetheless voted to reinstate the law. A Trump Supreme Court could uphold suppressive voting laws that have been shown to substantially lower turnout among minority voters. 
In other civil rights matters, the records of Trump's proposed judges paint a similarly distressing picture. 
In a case involving a black worker being passed over for a promotion because of his race, Judge William Pryor argued that it was just a 'conversational' aside when the supervisor in the case called an African American employee 'boy,' dismissing the condescending slur as not connected to promotion decisions. Equally alarming is Judge Steven Colloton, also on Trump's list, who would have refused to allow a woman who reported being sexually harassed and fired by her manager to go to trial. 
Civil rights issues will continue to make their way to the Supreme Court time and again. I shudder to imagine the Supreme Court justices Trump has proposed serving as the final word on the legal questions that shape Americans' access to the ballot box, housing, discrimination-free workplaces, and other critical civil rights. 
The fate of hard-won rights and liberties, like those Rosanell Eaton began fighting for more than 70 years ago, rests in the hands of the justices on that bench—and every vote counts. 
Dr. Mary Frances Berry is a professor of history at the University of Pennsylvania and serves on the board of People For the American Way. Her latest book is 'Five Dollars and a Pork Chop Sandwich: Vote Buying and the Corruption of Democracy.' Distributed by OtherWords.org .

ARTICLE

Florida's 'deceptive' solar initiative, backed by utilities companies, loses support 'It's a monopoly wolf in solar sheep's clothing' By Nika Knight Posted on November 4, 2016 by Nika Knight 
As utilities companies funnel millions of dollars into a last-ditch effort to convince Florida voters to pass an anti-solar initiative, the latest polling data shows support for the measure falling . 
Florida's Amendment 1 is ' deceptive ,' environmentalists argue, as it is written in pro-solar language but would in actuality block widespread adoption of solar power in the Sunshine State. 
The measure is backed by a political committee formed by utilities companies, which has so far raised more than $26 million to fund the campaign. 
'As we like to say, 'it's a monopoly wolf in solar sheep's clothing,'' Dr. Stephen Smith, executive director of Southern Alliance for Clean Energy and a founding member of Floridians for Solar Choice, told the Sierra Club's Sierra magazine. 'We are in a pitted battle to stop the utilities from choking off citizen-owned solar.' 
The initiative would 'write people's right to own or lease solar panels and other equipment into the state constitution,' InsideClimate News explains . 'But it would also make it unconstitutional to require a utility's non-solar customers to subsidize those who do go solar. Those subsidies have helped make home solar affordable and are the best incentive to push the fast-growing energy source to widespread use.' 
Support for the measure fell markedly after an audio recording leaked to the public last month in which a lobbyist working for electric companies bragged about the measure to industry insiders. 
The Miami Herald/Times , which released the recording, reported : 
Sal Nuzzo, a vice president at the James Madison Institute in Tallahassee, [ . . . ] called the amendment, which has received more than $21 million in utility industry financing, 'an incredibly savvy maneuver' that 'would completely negate anything they [pro-solar interests] would try to do either legislatively or constitutionally down the road,' according to an audio recording of the event supplied to the Herald/Times . 
He offered others a recommendation: 'As you guys look at policy in your state, or constitutional ballot initiatives in your state, remember this: Solar polls very well,' he said. 
'To the degree that we can use a little bit of political jiu-jitsu and take what they're kind of pinning us on and use it to our benefit either in policy, in legislation or in constitutional referendums—if that's the direction you want to take—use the language of promoting solar, and kind of, kind of put in these protections for consumers that choose not to install rooftop. 
'I'm discouraged as a citizen how far we have slipped and see Amendment 1 as a means of accelerating that decline in solar in Florida,' Graham said, according to the Miami Herald 
And Graham's far from the only prominent voice to condemn the measure: 'Former Vice President Al Gore, speaking at a rally for Hillary Clinton, described the amendment as ' phony baloney. ' Carl Hiassen, Florida's best-known opinion journalist, has called the proposal a ' slick, oily fraud, ' and even the usually apolitical Jimmy Buffett has urged a no vote, noted 
Such statements from opponents of the initiative have gone far to quell support, according to a new poll 
One of those voters was 'Barbara Waks, a retiree who had already mailed in her early-voting ballot when the Herald story appeared. She said that she thought she was supporting renewable energy,' the New York Times reported 
'I felt so stupid,' she told the Times. 'I'm familiar with the political arena and the garbage that exists, but this is beyond the pale. 
Nika Knight is a Common Dreams

ARTICLE

Eight ways to strengthen our democracy beyond voting The strength of our civic life depends on what we do outside elections. By Chuck Collins   Chuck Collins 
Throughout this trying election season, we've been told how much is at stake with our vote. But the success of any democracy depends on continuing to pay attention long after we cast our ballots. 
So let's pledge to strengthen our democracy with a few resolutions to focus our intentions and keep us moving forward over the next four years. 
1. Change your media diet . 
Way too much ink, airtime, and mental real estate has been consumed by the horserace reporting on elections—it's all about who's winning and losing. So unplug from the talk shows that interview pollsters and engage in partisan bickering all day. Find the commentators and independent media outlets that strengthen our civic life. 
2. Turn off corporate media. 
This election has been very profitable for big media corporations, but bad for our democracy. As CBS chairman Les Moonves remarked , 'Man, who would have expected the ride we're all having right now? The money's rolling in and this is fun.' 
Our differences have been compounded by media reports that amplify the loudest and most partisan utterances. Election coverage this year has encouraged us to view one another as cartoon caricatures, not neighbors. 
3. Reject the consumer mentality in elections . 
We're encouraged to view national elections like consumers buying a car, but presidential elections can make most of us feel like spectators, not participants. Election Day is a small part of our real democracy—think of voting as a tiny fraction of your civic life. 
4. Make your voice heard . 
Pledge to communicate with your elected officials all year round, not just when they want your vote. Call, write, email, and attend community forums. When a politician hears from a dozen constituents with the same concern, it matters. 
A few resolutions must address our polarized political atmosphere. The only way to break through this is by connecting with people we don't always agree with. 
For instance, the liberal California sociologist Arlie Hochschild spent five years interviewing conservative Tea Party activists in Louisiana, making friends and asking deep questions. She urges us all to scale the 'empathy wall' and learn each other's stories. 
Here's a few easy ways to get started. 
5.Try a social media fast. 
Social media is amazing, but it mostly serves as an echo chamber to reinforce our existing views. It's not a substitute for talking to people, asking questions, and learning why people support certain policies. 
6. Practice the art of civil discourse . 
Find ways to meet others face-to-face to engage in conversations, not soapbox speeches and debates. Look at the ' Living Room Conversation ' movement that brings people together across political divisions. Their goal is to encourage 'authentic, respectful conversations' to 'strengthen relationships and advance understanding of the challenges, opportunities, and solutions before us.' 
Finally, other resolutions should focus on changing our polarizing election system. 
7. Eliminate the wealth primary . 
Long before voters cast their ballots in a primary, big money donors have winnowed the field and selected who will stand for election. People all across the political spectrum agree that we need fundamental campaign finance reform to reduce the influence of big money, including the repeal of Citizens United . 
8. Break the two-party duopoly . 
A growing number of voters have declared independence from the two major parties. So why do we allow other voices and perspectives to be excluded from presidential debates? Our democracy would benefit if we had real choices outside the two major parties, as they do in most other countries in the world. 
The strength of our civic life depends on what we do outside elections. And especially after the deeply toxic experience of 2016, we all need to step up to protect our real democracy from those who profit from division. 
Chuck Collins co-edits Inequality.org at the Institute for Policy Studies and is author of the new book, Born on Third Base: A One Percenter Makes the Case for Tackling Inequality, Bringing Wealth Home, and Committing to the Common Good . Distributed by OtherWords.org.   permalink .

ARTICLE

We the people' against tyranny: Seven principles for free government By John W. Whitehead   John W. Whitehead 
'As I look at America today, I am not afraid to say that I am afraid.'—Former presidential advisor Bertram Gross 
As history teaches us, if the people have little or no knowledge of the basics of government and their rights, those who wield governmental power inevitably wield it excessively. After all, a citizenry can only hold its government accountable if it knows when the government oversteps its bounds. 
Precisely because Americans are easily distracted—because, as study after study shows, they are clueless about their rights—because their elected officials no longer represent them—because Americans have been brainwashed into believing that their only duty as citizens is to vote—because the citizenry has failed to hold government officials accountable to abiding by the Constitution—because young people are no longer being taught the fundamentals of the Constitution or the Bill of Rights, resulting in citizens who don't even know they have rights—and because Americans continue to place their trust in politics to fix what's wrong with this country—the American governmental scheme is sliding ever closer towards a pervasive authoritarianism. 
This steady slide towards tyranny, meted out by militarized local and federal police and legalistic bureaucrats, has been carried forward by each successive president over the past fifty years regardless of their political affiliation. 
Big government has grown bigger and the rights of the citizenry have grown smaller. 
However, there are certain principles—principles that every American should know—which undergird the American system of government and form the basis for the freedoms our forefathers fought and died for. 
The following seven principles are a good starting point for understanding what free government is really all about. 
First, the maxim that power corrupts is an absolute truth. Realizing this, those who drafted the Constitution and the Bill of Rights held one principle sacrosanct: a distrust of all who hold governmental power. As James Madison, author of the Bill of Rights, proclaimed, 'All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree.' Moreover, in questions of power, Thomas Jefferson warned, 'Let no more be heard of confidence in man, but bind him down from mischief by the chains of the Constitution.' As such, those who drafted our founding documents would see today's government as an out-of-control, unmanageable beast. 
The second principle is that governments primarily exist to secure rights, an idea that is central to constitutionalism. In appointing the government as the guardian of the people's rights, the people give it only certain, enumerated powers, which are laid out in a written constitution. The idea of a written constitution actualizes the two great themes of the Declaration of Independence: consent and protection of equal rights. Thus, the purpose of constitutionalism is to limit governmental power and ensure that the government performs its basic function: to preserve and protect our rights, especially our unalienable rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, and our civil liberties. Unfortunately, the government today has discarded this principle and now sees itself as our master, not our servant. The obvious next step, unless we act soon, is tyranny. 
The third principle revolves around the belief that no one is above the law, not even those who make the law. This is termed rule of law. Richard Nixon's statement, 'When the President does it, that means it is not illegal,' would have been an anathema to the Framers of the Constitution. If all people possess equal rights, the people who live under the laws must be allowed to participate in making those laws. By that same token, those who make the laws must live under the laws they make. However, today government officials at all levels often act as if they are royalty with salaries and perks that none of the rest of us are afforded. This is an egregious affront to the citizenry. 
Fourth, separation of powers ensures that no single authority is entrusted with all the powers of government. People are not perfect, whether they are in government or out of it. As history makes clear, those in power tend to abuse it. The government is thus divided into three co-equal branches: legislative, executive and judicial. Placing all three powers in the same branch of government was considered the very definition of tyranny. The fact that the president today has dictatorial powers would have been considered a curse by the Framers. 
Fifth, a system of checks and balances, essential if a constitutional government is to succeed, strengthens the separation of powers and prevents legislative despotism. Such checks and balances include dividing Congress into two houses, with different constituencies, term lengths, sizes and functions; granting the president a limited veto power over congressional legislation; and appointing an independent judiciary capable of reviewing ordinary legislation in light of the written Constitution, which is referred to as 'judicial review.' The Framers feared that Congress could abuse its powers and potentially emerge as the tyrannous branch because it had the power to tax. But they did not anticipate the emergence of presidential powers as they have come to dominate modern government or the inordinate influence of corporate powers on governmental decision-making. Indeed, as recent academic studies now indicate, we are now ruled by a monied oligarchy that serves itself and not 'we the people.' 
Sixth, representation allows the people to have a voice in government by sending elected representatives to do their bidding while avoiding the need of each and every citizen to vote on every issue considered by government. 
Finally, federalism is yet another constitutional device to limit the power of government by dividing power and, thus, preventing tyranny. 
These seven vital principles have been largely forgotten in recent years, obscured by the haze of a centralized government, a citizenry that no longer think 
It will mean ' voting with our feet 
As journalist Chris Hedges points out, 'There were once radicals in America, people who held fast to moral imperatives. , not because it was easy or practical. They were willing to accept the state persecution that comes with open defiance. They had the courage of their convictions. They were not afraid.' 
Ultimately, as I make clear in my book , it will mean refusing to be divided, one against each other, by politics and instead uniting behind the only distinction that has ever mattered: 'we the people' against tyranny. 
Constitutional attorney and author John W. Whitehead is founder and president of The Rutherford Institute. His book (SelectBooks, 2015) is available online at www.amazon.com. Whitehead can be contacted at  

ARTICLE

The 'victorious' legacy of the Vietnam War By Emanuel E. Garcia, MD 
'What's he talking about?' you might be thinking, 'didn't America lose the war?' 
I guess it all depends on how you look at it. 
Sure, over 58,000 American soldiers perished , with many more wounded, and over a million Vietnamese fighters and civilians , according to the best estimates, died. And although there is some uncertainty about the actual number of Vietnamese casualties, one thing is certain: their names are not engraved on the Vietnam War Memorial in Washington, DC—an omission which brings 'irony' to unimaginable heights. Surely the Vietnamese, whose country committed no infringement against the United States, and whose people were slaughtered whether they took up arms to defend their territory or merely attempted to ply their rice paddies—deserved some acknowledgment. 
Nevertheless, narrative has it that the war—or, since there was never any formal declaration of war, I should more properly say 'conflict'—was lost and that American pride and the American military and, according to some, the American psyche, suffered a terrible blow. 
But in one respect the Vietnamese entanglement proved to have an enduring and efficiently victorious legacy, a legacy moreover that informs the recent escapades in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria and the so-called 'war on terror'. 
To explain what I mean, I have to meander a bit into the terrain of human psychology and war, guided by a remarkable book: Lt. Col. Dave Grossman's On Killing . Grossman makes two cogent observations: (1) there exists even on the fields of war a very powerful and innate human resistance against killing, which armies throughout the centuries have fought to diminish, and (2) it was in Vietnam that the American soldier was 'psychologically enabled to kill to a far greater degree than any other soldier in history.' 
People, generally speaking, do not kill easily. Soldiers throughout history have had a hard time killing face to face and very often turned their weapons away. Only an extremely and brutally efficient methodology of deconditioning, which made its appearance in Vietnam, could result in vastly higher 'kill rates'. In other words, the more distant and dehumanised the enemy is made to seem, the less resistance there is to murder. 
Vietnam, therefore, heralded a great victory of mechanised death and destruction over the inner humanity of individuals; and those techniques, we can be sure, have only been fortified since then by the increasing reliance on long-range bombing, video-game-like machinations from far away, by the rendering of individual human beings who bleed and laugh and cry and suffer into anonymous digits or blips. 
So on the one hand, it is a wonderful thing to realise that even in the bloodiest times of war, humankind has struggled to kill at close quarters—that, in fact, no matter how much we are inundated by the press and by the purveyors of violent war games, killing is no easy thing. More often than not, even in the great battles between recalcitrant adversaries, compassion showed its presence. 
But compassion seems to have no place in, for example, drone-assassination campaigns that have been 'legitimised' by an onslaught of propaganda, with victims that are merely insignificant dots. Killing has been perfected, as it were. 
Indeed, now that I think of it, the irony of the Vietnam War Memorial is no match for the irony inherent in the fact that the man who has won a Nobel Prize for Peace is the very same individual who has presided over an assassination programme whose distinction is as a kind of apex of dehumanised murder. 
I hope for a greater victory, however: one that awaits those who fight not against other men and women, but against the organised forces and practices that seek to abolish our humanity by digitising, anonymizing and atomising us when our great and truer essences cry out for love, connection and community. 
Dr. Garcia is an American-born poet, novelist and physicians who resides in New Zealand. This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

The struggle continues for a binding treaty to #StopCorporateAbuse By Adam Parsons Posted on November 9, 2016 by Adam Parsons 
In the last week of October, civil society came another step closer to achieving a legally binding instrument on transnational corporations (TNCs) and other business enterprises with respect to human rights. Delegates from many large social movements and networks met alongside state representatives at the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva, Switzerland, to further proceedings for an open-ended intergovernmental working group set up two years ago. Despite considerable opposition from Western powers to a binding treaty in any form (particularly the United States, United Kingdom and other countries of the European Union), activist groups are now ramping up the struggle as part of a Global Campaign to Reclaim Peoples' Sovereignty, Dismantle Corporate Power and Stop Impunity . 
The fact that this process is now an official part of the UN agenda is itself remarkable. Since the 1970s, there have been a long series of failed attempts to develop binding international systems to regulate corporations for their human rights violations. The abortive efforts to create a code of conduct for TNCs through the UN Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) were completely thwarted by the early 1990s, until fresh proceedings were launched in 1998 under a subordinate body of the then-Human Rights Commission. In 2003, the Sub-Commission approved a 'non-voluntary' set of norms that could hold TNCs accountable, although these were rigidly opposed by the business sector, and ultimately declared to have 'no legal standing' by the Human Rights Commission. 
As an alternative, the UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan appointed a Special Representative for Business and Human Rights, Professor John Ruggie, who became renowned for pursuing a less ambitious or 'partnership' approach to corporate regulation. His UN Guiding Principles, when eventually released in 2011, were accepted by all governments but remain voluntary and non-binding, only calling on corporations to act with due diligence. Civil society organisations wholly decried the inadequacy of the proposed follow-up mechanisms, which they stated even risked undermining efforts to strengthen corporate responsibility and accountability for human rights. 
Against this background, it was therefore a huge step forward in 2013 when a grouping of countries, predominantly from the Global South, called for a renewal of efforts towards a legally binding framework to regulate the activities of TNCs and to provide appropriate protection, justice and remedy to the victims of human rights abuses. An historic resolution was adopted by a majority of States (again mostly from the Global South, including Russia and China) at the Human Rights Council in June 2014, establishing an intergovernmental working group with the mandate of drafting a legally binding instrument. It is the first time in almost 25 years that a UN intergovernmental body is dedicating itself to the regulation of corporations, which is set to be an intensive process with considerable hurdles if a genuine legal regime for TNCs is to be eventually agreed and implemented. 
'Damage to life' 
The case for holding TNCs to account for their activities could not be tighter, considering the gap that exists in the international legal architecture which means they cannot be prosecuted directly for human rights abuses. Yet the harm that TNCs are wreaking is well-documented, referred to by the Global Campaign as 'damage to life'; for example, through repressing social struggles and resistance, causing pollution in the extractivist industries, displacing indigenous peoples from their land, exploiting workers through poor labour conditions, and so on. Over several years, a Permanent People's Tribunal has given representatives from affected communities the opportunity to testify on the socio-environmental impacts of harmful corporate activities, and to highlight the numerable cases that demonstrate how TNCs are able to act with effective impunity. Indeed it is the consistent work of many human rights defenders that has brought the issue of corporate impunity to the agenda of the Human Rights Council, leading to demands for the rights of affected persons to be central to a binding treaty, both in terms of regulation and remedy. 
Campaigners talk of an entire 'architecture of impunity' that has protected the operations of TNCs for decades, and placed the rights of corporations above the rights of people through the privatisation of legal norms and institutions. Some of the largest TNCs have greater economic power than many nation states, while their tremendous political power is reinforced and protected on a legal level by a multitude of norms, treaties and agreements. Often described as a new global corporate law, or the lex mercatoria , it is made up of mechanisms such as the Investor to State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) provisions and arbitration tribunals that are enshrined in bilateral trade agreements; or the International Monetary Fund's imposed structural adjustment programs (now replicated in Europe under the so-called Competitiveness Pact policies); or the World Trade Organisation's dispute-settlement system. While the rights of TNCs are shielded by this complex global legal framework based on trade and investment rules, there are no adequate counterweights or enforceable mechanisms to control the social, cultural, environmental or labour impacts of their operations. The result is a normative asymmetry between the binding norms that protect investor interests, and the soft law that reduces TNCs obligation to respect human rights to mere voluntary measures. 
A binding treaty to regulate the activities of TNCs could therefore provide a vital counterpoint to the controversial free trade and investment agreements that are being continually negotiated in secret, without any democratic legitimacy. As the UN's Independent Expert on the Promotion of a Democratic and Equitable International Order, Alfred de Zayas, has forcefully argued , these ongoing agreements—such as the TTIP, TPP, CETA and TISA—are all prepared without the inclusion of key stakeholders or parliaments, and are thus in direct violation of international human rights law. They also enable international investors to override the national sovereignty of democratic States, and seek to impose their own system of 'arbitration' that isn't required to adhere to any nation's law and constitution. Inequality and asymmetry are built into the legal foundations of the current trade and investment regime, which is solely intended to serve the immediate profits of investors, speculators and transnational enterprises, at the wider expense of social and economic progress. 
Inverting the normative pyramid 
In this context, the implications of mainstreaming human rights into trade agreements and WTO practice through a legally binding instrument are potentially radical and transformative. The basic intent of civil society proposals is to invert the international normative pyramid to place the rights of social majorities at the top, hence the repeated calls for a final treaty to obligate States to introduce a binding human rights supremacy clause into all trade and investment agreements they sign, in conformity with the principles of the UN Charter. The repeated calls for States to comply with their extraterritorial obligations in the area of economic, social and cultural rights—as set down in the Maastrict Principles —is also central for ensuring that human rights can assume their rightful role as the legal basis for regulating global trade and finance. 
As a result of invoking the pre-eminence of these hierarchically superior norms, it could require renegotiating all existing trade and investment agreements, and could certainly overturn the investor-to-state dispute settlement (ISDS) regime, as well as the secretive corporate arbitration system in its entirety. Indeed if States and TNCs were truly compelled to respect and comply with the conventions, recommendations and declarations that are the established basis of international human rights law, then it could lead to an exhaustive list of necessary reforms to the global economic system: strict regulations on financial transactions and speculation, the closure of tax havens, the cancellation of illegitimate public and sovereign debt, the reversal of privatisations on public goods and services to ensure the right to food and health, and so much more. 
This greater vision is upheld by a joint civil society proposal to elaborate an International People's Treaty , which aims to go much further than articulating the need for control mechanisms to halt human rights violations committed by TNCs. The growing demand for access to justice is also linked to the ideal of creating international law “from below,” and establishing “peoples' sovereignty over the commons” by opposing the expansion of TNCs into sectors that should be controlled by communities and citizens. As part of a work-in-progress, the current base document for global consultation has a lengthy section on alternatives to the dominant socioeconomic paradigm, emerging from the experiences and proposals of the many social movements, scholars, activists and affected communities who are resisting the growing power of TNCs in their diverse spheres. 
A radical alternative proposal 
At the centre of these proposals is the need to promote effective mechanisms for the realisation of fundamental human rights as governments formulate a new international political, economic and legal order, based upon an equitable distribution of wealth and respect for nature. The principle of sharing is therefore recognised as the basis of all transitional measures that promote cooperation and solidarity, as emphasised in the section of the People's Treaty on envisioning new economies: 
“To address the basic needs of more than half of the world's population and end the disruption of the vital cycles of the Earth system, global and national economies have to redistribute wealth to reduce asymmetries under the limits of nature. Some sectors and countries still need to improve their wellbeing while others need to reduce their overconsumption and waste. Well-being for all will only be sustainable when we share what is possible and available. The real challenge is not only to eliminate poverty but, more importantly, to eliminate the concentration of wealth and power and achieve economic and social justice based on rights.” 
No doubt many will dismiss this broader vision of global equity and justice as politically unrealistic, in light of the growing number of corporate abuse scandals across the world, and the continuing disregard for basic labour and human rights standards in many developing countries. Campaigning groups are still trying to resist corporate capture of the process for a binding treaty through the Human Rights Council, and are calling on all States to at least participate in good faith, considering the overt antagonism of the European Union during the first session held in 2015. The prospect of achieving a concrete draft proposal next year in line with progressive civil society demands is currently less than optimistic, even with the staunch support of countries like Ecuador, Cuba and Bolivia. Without massive, continual and unending support from ordinary citizens for securing the basic socioeconomic rights of all—as envisioned in STWR's flagship publication , Heralding Article 25 —the balance of power will remain firmly in the hands of transnational capital and its servile political representatives. 
Nevertheless, the treaty process remains an important opportunity for interlinking popular resistance struggles, building counterpower, and slowly cracking the immense wall of corporate impunity. It is a process that should concern not only human rights activists, but everyone who campaigns for a more democratic, sustainable and egalitarian world that places people and nature ahead of transnational corporate interests. 
Adam Parsons is the editor at Share The World's Resources . This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Protestants get ready to grovel By Gilad Atzmon Posted on November 9, 2016 by Gilad Atzmon 
This week we learned that Jewish institutions insist upon the Protestant Church apologising for its founder's views of the Jews. The Jewish Algemeiner writes that 'the 500th anniversary of the Reformation would be the 'perfect time' for Protestant leaders to recognise and apologise for the 'horrific antisemitism' of their movement's founder, Martin Luther.' 
The truth of the matter is that Martin Luther didn't know about Zionism, Israeli criminality, Alan Dershowitz, Bernie Madoff, Jeffrey Epstein, or Sir Philip Green but he still had a serious problem with the Jews. Back in 1543 he wrote On The Jews and their Lies , a book notorious for its opposition to Jews and their religion. 
Rabbi Abraham Cooper—associate dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Centre—wants the Protestants to disown the founding father of their church or at least to 'directly address the issue (of anti-Semitism) in the overall context of what they're celebrating in terms of this anniversary,' 
David Michaels of B'nai B'rith insists that the churches reject some of their founder's teachings. 'This reality requires committed Lutherans and other Christians to ensure that there is fitting recognition and rejection of Luther's hateful beliefs about Jews, wherever these persist.' 
The Protestant world is clearly being subjected to an institutionalized assault Judaism. But there is one thing the Jewish Algemeiner fails to do. It fails to brief us about Luther's argument against the Jews. The truth of the matter is that Luther's animus towards Jewry wasn't at all racially driven. His arguments against Jews were purely theological rather than biological. Thus, using the term 'anti-Semitism' in reference to Luther is misleading. It leaves one wondering whether Bnai B'rith and the Simon Wiesenthal Centre are lying consciously when they refer to Luther as an 'anti-Semite'? If they do, we may actually need to seek the assistance of Luther's book in order to grasp Rabbi Cooper and Michaels' conduct. 
Gilad Atzmon is an Israeli jazz musician, author and political activist. His new book, 'The Wandering Who,' may be ordered from amazon.com or amazon.co.uk . This entry was posted in Religion . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

USA continues drive to plutocracy, dismantling of state By John Stanton Posted on November 8, 2016 by John Stanton 
Interest groups and lobbyists have been busy peddling their client's interests since 1816 when Delaware manufacturer Isaac Briggs teamed up with his colleagues in an attempt to convince federal lawmakers to impose tariffs on the import of foreign made manufactures. 
Alexis de Tocqueville writing in his two volume set Democracy in America (1835, 1840) observed the unique American characteristic of banding together in civic and issue specific interest groups for the purpose of influencing lawmakers, regulators and public opinion at the local, state and national levels. 
Congressional legislation to limit the influence of lobbyists in the US Congress and the federal government at large arguably did not being in earnest until the 20 th Century. The landmark Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, passed on the eve of World War II, 'requires persons acting as agents of foreign principals in a political or quasi-political capacity to make periodic public disclosure of their relationship with the foreign principal, as well as activities, receipts and disbursements in support of those activities requiring foreign company or government.' 
That act remains in force today. 
Nice try 
The Federal Regulation of Lobbying Act of 1946, the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 and the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act of 2007 are notable for their attempts to inform the public who was lobbying for what interest and for how much money. The Open Government Act of 2007 mandated a one year waiting period for federal public servants before they could make the move through the revolving door to lucrative for-profit opportunities. 
President Barak Obama issued an Executive Order in 2009 known as the Ethics Commitments by Executive Branch Personnel. That decree sought to impose a two-year waiting period for executive branch appointees. 
US executive branch agencies can also write their own lobbying rules or modify those contained in legislative acts. Members of the US Congress can also play an active role above and beyond legislative actions. On December 18, 2008, then Senators John Kerry of Massachusetts and Richard Lugar of Indiana sent a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to the Clinton Foundation, and the soon to be confirmed US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, limiting the Clinton Foundation's interactions with foreign governments. 
In the MOU, the Clinton Foundation was instructed to spin off the Clinton Global Initiative placing strictures on Bill Clinton's ability to accept contributions from foreign governments. It appears that the Clinton's ignored the MOU with the recent revelations of Qatar's $1 million gift which went unreported. 
Thanks to WikiLeaks, the DNC hack, Edward Snowden, Chelsea Manning and others, the internal workings of the US-Corporate State have been pried open to reveal a can of filthy worms entangled with each other in every which way. And not a damn thing will change no matter who runs the country. The American people, their constitution, Bill of Rights and ideals set forth in the Declaration of Independence are being tortured by opportunists. 
Besides that, they were written by 'white people' back in the 1700s and so they hold no weight with large segments of the American citizenry. That, of course, plays right into the hands of the 'color of money' tech and financial interests who seek to eliminate the US nation-state leaving only the military, intelligence and the dollar's printing presses as backstops. 
No win situation 
In practice, all the well-intentioned federal legislation, tireless efforts of lobbyist watchdogs and anti-revolving door advocates had done little to inhibit much of the influence peddling undertaken by foreign agents and governments, US law firms, interest groups, trade associations, corporations and lobbying houses. 
Nor have their efforts slowed the speed of the revolving door though which officials who on one day are protecting and defending the Constitution of the United States emerge on the other side claiming fealty to a corporation's shareholders. The rules, regulations and procedures governing the process are not worth the paper they are printed on. 
The United States Supreme Court ruled that influence peddling by individuals or non-profit organizations are protected by the free-speech First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. In 2010 the court's Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission extended that concept to for-profit associations, corporations and labor unions. 
Predictably, organizations and wealthy individuals have flooded the federal government and the 2016 election cycle with money. 
According to the public interest website Opensecrets.org—which tracks lobbying and revolving door activity—from 2008 to 2016 over $15 billion was spent by assorted organizations for US federal level influence peddling for all manner of issues ranging from defense and finance to sports and healthcare. The National Football League works hard at the local, state and federal levels for public funds to get their stadiums subsidized at the expense of taxpayers 
In 2016 alone, $1.6 billion was billed by lobbyists to their clients. In that same year 10,498 individuals and organizations registered as lobbyists. 
But even knowing how the system works, Americans see no alternative because they do not want to do the very difficult work of rebooting the system or holding their so-called leaders accountable. 
A look at AT&T, Time Warner merger & influence 
In October, the world's third largest telecommunications giant AT&T, a creature of the former Ma Bell System monopoly, offered cable and content provider Time Warner shareholders an $85 billion merger package. Both boards of directors gleefully approved the deal. Now that merger must receive the approval of the US Department of Justice and assorted state and federal regulatory bodies. If approved by regulators, the merger would create one the world's largest media conglomerates with one side of the monster, AT&T, very tight with the US National Security Agency. 
To increase the likelihood of success, AT&T, for its part, has mobilized some 100 lobbyists in Washington, DC, and scores more across the nation to cajole public utility, state legislatures and governors into supporting the merger. The company is already on the march in the US Congress and at federal agencies like the Federal Communications Commission. Even the self-proclaimed titans in the US Congress who decry the influence of money in politics or swarms of lobbyists are on the dole. 
In 1999, Senator John McCain from the US state of Arizona and then chairman of the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee, that oversees the telecommunications industry, introduced a bill that cleared the hurdles for AT&T's acquisition of MediaOne Group, making AT&T, at the time, the largest cable company in the United States, the Center for Public Integrity said in a report. 'His efforts did not go unrewarded: Two weeks after he introduced his bill, AT&T employees and their spouses contributed $10,000 to his presidential campaign in addition to $3,000 they gave him three days after AT&T announced its merger plans.' 
AT&T's federal influencers include revolving door types like former Senators John Breaux of Louisiana and Trent Lott of Mississippi who now work for heavyweight Washington, DC, law-firm and influence house Squire, Patton and Boggs. AT&T will also apply pressure from its own board of directors, one of whom is former President Bill Clinton's chief economic advisor Laura D'Andrea Tyson. Coincidently she once served as a board member for Ameritech Corporation, formerly part of the AT&T-Bell System and now owned by AT&T. And how about this? The board also includes the former chairman of the US Federal Communications Commission from 1997 to 200, William Kennard. 
Inches or sins? 
America is bankrupt and on the highway to hell. 
The outcome of the 2016 election will not halt that process unless the American people find a way out of the political, financial, cultural and military morass they and their leaders have created. There are two paths forward for Americans, it seems. 
The first is offered in dialogue from the movie Seven in which the serial killer John Doe (played by Kevin Spacey) innovatively murders seven people based on the Seven Deadly Sins. Sure, John's methods are unsound but the 'point' he makes about the sickness and tolerance levels of society are spot on. 
John Doe: 'A woman . . . so ugly on the inside she couldn't bear to go on living if she couldn't be beautiful on the outside. A drug dealer, a drug dealing pederast, actually! And let's not forget the disease-spreading whore! Only in a world this shitty could you even try to say these were innocent people and keep a straight face. But that's the point. We see a deadly sin on every street corner, in every home, and we tolerate it. We tolerate it because it's common, it's trivial. We tolerate it morning, noon, and night. Well, not anymore. I'm setting the example. What I've done is going to be puzzled over and studied and followed . . . forever.' 
The second path and a better alternative to John Doe's shock doctrine is from movie dialogue from Any Given Sunday in the famed inches speech by Coach D'Amato (played by Al Pacino). The football team has descended into the hell of cliques, internal clashes, off-field antics, and disagreements over play calling. No football team can be successful in such a situation. The team has to come together for some purpose. 
Americans face that challenge now. 
Coach D'Amato : 'Either we heal as a team or we're 'gonna' crumble inch by inch, play by play until we're finished. We're in hell right now, gentlemen . . . we can stay here, get the shit kicked out of us, or we can fight our way back into the light. We can climb 'outta' hell . . . one inch at a time. You see life's this game of inches, so is football. Because in either game—life or football—the margin for error is so small. I mean, one half a step too late or too early and you don't quite make it. One half second too slow, too fast and you don't quite catch it. I know if I'm 'gonna' have any life anymore it's because I'm still willing to fight and die for that inch, because that's what living is, the six inches in front of your face. The inches we need are everywhere around us. That's a team, gentlemen, and either we heal, now, as a team, or we will die as individuals. That's football guys, that's all it is.' 
John Stanton played US contact football from youth level through small college on the offensive line. He captained his youth and high school teams and contributed significantly to three conference championships in college. He coached the sport for 25 years. His most recent book is US Military's Progressiveness Leaves Civil Society Behind . Email him at . Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

This is no 'new cold war'; it's far worse than that By Eric Zuesse Posted on November 8, 2 
It would end that way because any hot war between the two sides would terminate either in one side surrendering to the other, or else in at least one of the two sides (presumably to be started by the one that's on the brink of defeat in the traditional hot war) nuclear-attacking the other (as being its only alternative to defeat). In other words, M.A.D. recognized and accepted the fact that for a nuclear power to attack a nuclear power with non-nuclear weaponry will almost certainly provoke a nuclear war at the moment when one of the two is losing (or about to lose) the conventional conflict to the other. Nuclear weapons are weapons of last resort, but they exist in order to prevent defeat. That is what they exist for. If Japan had had deliverable nuclear weapons, then the end of World War II would have been considerably delayed. Japan would have lost because it 
But M.A.D. is not just a physical reality but equally importantly a mutually-shared belief-system, a belief-system that becomes no longer operative if one of the two sides switches to believe that a way exists actually to win a nuclear war—in other words, to believe that conquest of a nuclear power by another nuclear power is a real possibility. During the years prior to 2006, there was an increasing though unspoken belief at the top of the US aristocracy (the people who control the US government—or at least have controlled it since 1981 ), that the United States would be able to win a nuclear war against Russia; and, suddenly, in 2006, the belief was published, and virtually no one who possessed power or influence challenged it; and, from that time forward, M.A.D. was ended on the American side, and nuclear weapons became, in the US, strategized within a new framework (called 'nuclear primacy' 
After 1991, when the Warsaw Pact no longer existed, the US military alliance NATO invited into its membership all of the former states of the USSR except Russia (thereby indicating NATO's continuing hostility toward that particular nation and the fraudulence of NATO's peace with it), and also invited in all of the USSR's former Warsaw Pact allies, and so NATO (a now clearly anti-Russian, no longer at all anti-communist, alliance) has come to extend right up to Rus 
Consequently, in the current US-NATO operation on and near Russia's borders , the Alliance is starting the buildup of its traditional invasion forces. This includes even some US allies that are not in NATO . The supposed 'justification' for this amassing of invasion-forces on Russia's borders is to 'defend' against 'Russia's aggression' when (in March 2014 just weeks after the bloody US coup in Ukraine ) Russia enabled the residents of Crimea to rejoin Crimea as part of Russia, of which Crimea had been until the Soviet dictator Khrushchev arbitrarily transferred Crimea to Ukraine in 1954 . That disagreement about Crimea is the supposed root-cause for NATO's involvement, even though Ukraine still is not (and previously did not want to be) a member of the NATO alliance. Anyway: is the rationalization for NATO's buildup toward what could become WW III. 
Ever since 19 February 2016, the US has been storing tanks and artillery , sufficient 'to support 15,000 Marines,' in undisclosed 'confidential,' Norwegian caves. Norway has a 200-mile border with Russia. CNN's news-report on that was accompanied by a video headlined 'Russia Reveals Aggressive Military Plans' . It reported that Russia's (democratically elected, though not mentioned as such) President, Vladimir Putin, was moving troops and weapons toward Norway's border. (How would the US respond if Russia were to be storing invasion-equipment and troops in Mexico near the US border? Would the US be moving troops and weapons near the Mexican border to protect against an invasion of America; and, if so, then how accurate would it be if Russia's media then headlined 'America Reveals Aggressive Military Plans'? Hitler's Germany used those sorts of media-tactics, but this time Obama's America is doing that.) Marine Corps Times headlined on October 24 th , . 
nd its greatly expanded NATO, thus now surrounds Russia not just with its tanks etc., but with its missiles and bombers, on and near Russia's borders, and so the flight-time from launch to the nuclear-bombing (if the ground-invasion of Russia encounters defeat) will be less than ten minutes, sometimes even less than the time for Russia to get its own missiles launched in retaliation against ours; and so a US blitz nuclear attack against Russia could conceivably be an entirely one-sided war. Here is how that scenario—the end of physical M.A.D.—has actually become the objective sought by the US government (and the necessary backstory for America's war-drills on Russia's borders): 
In 2006, the US aristocracy published in the journal Foreign Affairs, from their Council on Foreign Relations, the first article which said that the US goal should no longer be a continuation of M.A.D., but instead 'The Rise of US Nuclear Primacy' , by which the US aristocracy meant the rise of America's ability to win a nuclear war against Russia. It established this stunning goal merely by saying that such an objective could be achieved and that it should be achieved, and by the article's being published by the US aristocracy itself (the people who control this country), and by furthermore the US aristocracy not condemning and rejecting and repudiating it but simply letting that article stand with little to no public discussion (and no public debate) about it, much less with the chorus of public condemnations of it in the US press, such as would have happened if America were a democracy—but this nation no longer is a democracy, it has become an aristocracy , and this aristocracy had now published the 'Nuclear Primacy,' article. (By contras 'The Fallacy of Nuclear Primacy' . That article had no impact.) 
The Foreign Affairs article even was so bold as to assert that 'US leaders have always aspired to this goal,' (nuclear primacy)—a wild and unsupported allegation that's not much different from alleging that not only George W. Bush but all US Presidents after World War II were aspiring to have the ability to conquer Russia (and the authors were asserting that only now was this supposedly terrific ability coming within reach). It was explicit about G.W. Bush's having this desire: 'The intentional pursuit of nuclear primacy is, moreover, entirely consistent with the United States' declared policy of expanding its global dominance. The Bush administration' started the determined policy to achieve nuclear primacy) was so dangerous and harmful a President. His invasion of Iraq was merely a sympton of that deeper disease. 
And, so, this article about 'The Rise of US Nuclear Primacy,' and 'The End of,' M.A.D., was now—since it was published by the CFR and not rejected by any influential group—accepted within the US as a goal, 'Nuclear Primacy,' which the US government could and should strive for. That idea, of a winnable nuclear war (winnable by the US, of course), was no longer heretical, no longer viewed as repugnant. In fact, this article had been introduced and accepted by Harvard University simultaneously in its longer form and simultaneously published by their scholarly journal International Security, wh 'The End of MAD?' . (The periods are customarily removed from the acronym 'M.A.D.,' perhaps in order to associate the M.A.D. concept with the pejorative term, insanity. 
destroy the world ). 
US President Barack Obama is putting the goal of nuclear primacy into place, starting with implementation of Ronald Reagan's proposed 'Star Wars,' Anti-Ballistic Missile (ABM) defense system, now called the Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) system, and technically called by the name of its current embodiment: Lockheed Martin's, Boeing's, and Raytheon's, Aegis Ashore system, which Obama first made operational in Romania on 12 May 2016 . It's designed so as to enable a surprise nuclear attack against Russia in which any missiles that Russia might be able to launch in retaliation will supposedly (if the system works 100%) be annihilated during their launch-phase. 
Obama came into office criticizing the ABM plan and pretending not to be hostile toward Russia. He deceived Vladimir Putin into thinking that Obama sincerely wanted to pursue peace and cooperation with Russia. As soon as Obama became re-elected, his verbal smiling teeth immediately became actual glaring fangs. Then, soon after his regime overthrew in a bloody February 2014 coup the Moscow-friendly democratically elected President of Ukraine, bordering Russia , Russia started in the summer of 2014 to ignore the 1987 Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty, because for Washington the next step (beyond Ukraine) clearly now would be Moscow and so all bets were off. The installation of the Aegis Ashore in Romania , which is one important reason why Obama lies to say that all of the Aegis Ashore facilities will be targeted against Iran—and maybe also North Korea—but never against Russia. 
The full Aegis Ashore system, which will require several such sites, is not yet operational. NATO's PR-arm the Atlantic Council, has mentioned among the Aegis Ashore's benefits, that for the next such site, in Poland, 'Poland announced in late April that it would buy eight Patriot missile batteries from Virginia-based Raytheon Co. in a deal that could generate at least $2.5 billion in US export content.' The US government officials and their friends who have invested in Raytheon and the other 'defense' firms did not need to be informed of this by any PR person. They already knew of it from more reliable sources, and perhaps they even have invested in nuclear bunkers for themselves and their friends and their friends' friends 
Also in 2006, later in that year, specifically on 18 November 2006, was published at Global Research, which is an independent Canadian online international site dealing with geostrategy, a superb summary of the connection that this plan has to America's string of invasions in the Middle East. It's titled 'Plans for Redrawing the Middle East: The Project for a 'New Middle East,'' 
It should be noted that in his book, 'The Grand Chessboard: American Primacy and Its Geo-strategic Imperatives,' Zbigniew Brzezinski, a former US National Security Advisor, alluded to the modern Middle East as a control lever of an area he, Brzezinski, calls the Eurasian Balkans. The Eurasian Balkans consists of the Caucasus (Georgia, the Republic of Azerbaijan, and Armenia) and Central Asia (Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, and Tajikistan) and to some extent both Iran and Turkey. Iran and Turkey both form the northernmost tiers of the Middle East (excluding the Caucasus4) that edge into Europe and the former Soviet Union. 
The Map of the 'New Middle East' 
A relatively unknown map of the Middle East, NATO-garrisoned Afghanistan, and Pakistan has been circulating around strategic, governmental, NATO, policy and military circles since mid-2006. It has been casually allowed to surface in public, maybe in an attempt to build consensus and to slowly prepare the general public for possible, maybe even cataclysmic, changes in the Middle East. This is a map of a redrawn and restructured Middle East identified as the 'New Middle East.' 
MAP OF THE NEW MIDDLE EAST 
Note: The map was prepared by Lieutenant-Colonel Ralph Peters. It was published in the Armed Forces Journal in June 2006, Peters is a retired colonel of the US National War Academy. (Map Copyright Lieutenant-Colonel Ralph Peters 2006). 
Although the map does not officially reflect Pentagon doctrine, it has been used in a training program at NATO's Defense College for senior military officers. This map, as well as other similar maps, has most probably been used at the National War Academy as well as in military planning circles. 
Brzezinski's advocacy of 'American Primacy,' fits perfectly with the aristocracy's support of 'Nuclear Primacy,' and appeared eight years before it. His 1998 book was seminal also in many other ways. And, as that Nazemroaya article made clear, Brzezinski's plan was already being put into effect by the US government, even before 2006. 
However, the person who actually made the seminal decision behind all of this, the decision to conquer Russia, was US President George Herbert Walker Bush, on the night of 24 February 1990, just before the Soviet Union ended. He was the person who decided that after the USSR and its Warsaw Pact terminated, NATO would continue that cold war until Russia has been surrounded by US allies, who are Russia's enemies, when Russia will ultimately either surrender or else be destroyed by the US and its friends. 
Even if Russia assumes that any such nuclear war would be M.A.D., the government of the US no longer does. That'sRussia's predicament—and the world's . 
However, military planners in the US and its vassal nations, do not include in their calculations the world: the impacts that such nuclear winter and all the rest will have if their dream of 'nuclear primacy' amounts to anything more than merely the vicious hoax that it is. This fact, of their ignoring the world, is scandalous—against our military planners. They are so obsessed with 'victory,' that they are willing to participate in this false and potentially mega-catastrophic dream, of 'nuclear primacy.' 
Unless and until nuclear weapons are totally eliminated (which might never happen), their constructive function, of preventing WW III, must continue, not end as a result of 'nuclear primacy' and other such lies and delusions. However, the 'news' media, especially in 'The West,' are not pointing out those lies and distortions, but instead reinforcing them. 
If there is to be a WW III, it will end the world . That is the key fact, which is ignored by 'The West's' military planners. 
NATO needs to end now, just as the Warsaw Pact did in 1991—when an indecent, oligarchic , 'The West' continued the Cold War despite the Warsaw Pact's end, and now is making it hot. 
This article originally appeared in Strategic Culture Foundation on-line journal. 
Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author, most recently, of 'They're Not Even Close: The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records, 1910–2010,: This entry was posted in Analysis . Bookmark the permalink

ARTICLE

The politics of populism and mudslinging undermines democracy By Linda S. Heard Posted on November 8, 2016 by Linda S. Heard 
Our world is on the cusp of a new era. Traditional taboos are being smashed. Respect has become an old-fashioned word. Nothing is too low or too dirty to be ignored, overlooked or even applauded by some. 
The rise of antiestablishment popularism plays to the lowest common denominator and is potentially divisive and corrosive of values held dear for generations. We've witnessed how a populist candidate spouting what he imagines the struggling sectors want to hear has not only lowered the tone but has dragged many of his supporters and rivals down to the same level. 
The American political sphere has turned into a swamp of muckraking, hatred of the other and threats of violence to the extent that white supremacist militias are preparing to attack African Americans if their candidate doesn't make the White House. 
It's suddenly okay for the son of one to announce the former head of the Ku Klux Klan 'desperately needs a bullet in the head.' What happened to judicial process? On the other hand Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton cynically attempted to woo African Americans by appearing on the stage with her new buddies, celebrity black rappers. 
Robert de Niro's video urging voters not to support Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, adding he would love to punch him in the face went viral. Trump supporters claim they are a 'movement' and threaten revolution if he fails to win an election they believe may be 'rigged.' Republicans anxious to keep their grip on Congress have threatened to block Clinton's initiatives at every turn. 
Even the feuding Justice Department and the FBI aren't exempt from the ire. Both are being hit by accusations of interfering in the political process. The country that's stood as the greatest example of democracy and the rule of law is gradually embracing the law of the jungle. I'm amazed that most Americans see nothing amiss about their president, his wife and his vice-president spending days stumping for their candidate. Isn't a US president supposed to represent all Americans? 
There are echoes within the UK where politicians still quarrel over the validity of a referendum over Britain's exit from the EU. The High Court's judgment to the effect that the prime minister doesn't have the authority to take the country out without a parliamentary vote has resulted in media attacks on judges whose reputations were formerly unassailable. I may be wrong but I don't recall such venom directed at the judiciary throughout my lifetime. 
Tabloid headlines scream 'Who do you think you are? 'The judges versus the people' and the Daily Mail has gone as far as to post photographs of three judges referring to them as 'Enemies of the People,' describing one as being 'openly gay.' This is nothing short of an attack on democracy's checks and balances. 
The High Court has pronounced on a legal point, not on the pros and cons of Brexit. The government has the right to appeal in the Supreme Court but UK Prime Minister Theresa May has indicated she will proceed with triggering Article 50 come what may. 
Charles Falconer writing in The Guardian was right to assert 'the judiciary is a vital pillar of our constitution. The government must defend it from these unconscionable attacks—or put all our freedoms at risk.' 
Gina Miller, an activist who lodged the legal challenge is now receiving online death threats! Britons posting on Facebook have called for her 'to be shot or hung.' 
Populist leaders tap in to people's basest instincts. They are not reliant on knowledge of how the world works or of experience but rather on personal charisma and the power of persuasion. They inspire devoted followings blind to their transgressions which gives them a sense of power and infallibility. 
We've seen the rise of rank outsiders in the Philippines and Indonesia whose rhetoric and policies defy all norms. 
This 'anything goes' trend fuelled by fear and economic grievances is a slippery slope reminiscent of Germany in the early 1930s when Hitler wasn't viewed as the monster he was but as a saviour from a brutal economic depression resulting in worthless currency and unemployment in the millions. He mesmerised crowds as he vowed to make Germany strong again. Perhaps it's time that lessons were learnt before there's no going back. 
Linda S. Heard is an award-winning British specialist writer on Middle East affairs. She welcomes feedback and can be contacted by email at .

ARTICLE

A collection of thoughts about American foreign policy By William Blum   William Blum 
Louis XVI needed a revolution; Napoleon needed two historic military defeats; the Spanish Empire in the New World needed multiple revolutions; the Russian Czar needed a communist revolution; the Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman Empire needed World War I; Nazi Germany needed World War II; Imperial Japan needed two atomic bombs; the Portuguese Empire in Africa needed a military coup at home; the Soviet Empire needed Mikhail Gorbachev . . . What will the American Empire need? 
'I don't believe anyone will consciously launch World War III. The situation now is more like the eve of World War I, when great powers were armed and ready to go when an incident set things off. Ever since Gorbachev naively ended the Cold War, the hugely over-armed United States has been actively surrounding Russia with weapons systems, aggressive military exercises, NATO expansion. At the same time, in recent years the demonization of Vladimir Putin has reached war propaganda levels. Russians have every reason to believe that the United States is preparing for war against them, and are certain to take defensive measures. This mixture of excessive military preparations and propaganda against an 'evil enemy' make it very easy for some trivial incident to blow it all up.'— Diana Johnstone, author of 'Queen of Chaos: The Misadventures of Hillary Clinton' 
In September 2013 President Obama stood before the United Nations General Assembly and declared, 'I believe America is exceptional.' The following year at the UN, the president classified Russia as one of the three threats to the world along with the Islamic State and the ebola virus. On March 9, 2015 President Barack Obama declared Venezuela 'an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States.' 
Vladimir Putin, speaking at the UN in 2015, addressing the United States re its foreign policy: 'Do you realize what you have done?' 
Since the end of World W Attempted to overthrow Dropped bombs Attempted to assassinate Attempted to suppress 
'The Plan is for the United States to rule the world. The overt theme is unilateralism, but it is ultimately a story of domination. It calls for the United States to maintain its overwhelming superiority and prevent new rivals from rising up to challenge it on the world stage. It calls for dominion over friends and enemies alike. It says not that the United States must be more powerful, or most powerful, but that it must be absolutely powerful.' 
Two flew over the cuckoo's nest: 'We are, as a matter of empirical fact and undeniable history, the greatest force for good the world has ever known. . . . security and freedom for millions of people around the globe have depended on America's military , economic, political, and diplomatic might.'— 
'War with Russia will be nuclear. Washington has prepared for it. Washington has abandoned the ABM treaty, created what it thinks is an ABM shield, and changed its war doctrine to permit US nuclear first strike. All of this is obviously directed at Russia, and the Russian government knows it. How long will Russia sit there waiting for Washington's first strike?'— 
Iran signed the nuclear accords with the United States earlier this year by agreeing to stop what it never was doing. Any Iranian nuclear a 
US General Barry McCaffrey, April 2015: 'Because so far NATO's reaction to Putin's aggression has been to send a handful of forces to the Baltics to demonstrate 'resolve,' which has only convinced Putin that the alliance is either unable or unwilling to fight. So we had better change his calculus pretty soon, and contest Putin's stated doctrine that he is willing to intervene militarily in other countries to 'protect' Russia-speaking people. For God's sake, the last time we heard that was just before Hitler invaded the Sudetenland.' No, my dear general, we heard that repeatedly in 1983 when the United States invaded the tiny nation of Grenada to protect and rescue hundreds of Americans who supposedly were in danger from the new leftist government. It was all a fraud, no more than an excuse to overthrow a government that that didn't believe that the American Empire was God's gift to humanity. 
Since 1980, the United States has intervened in the affairs of fourteen Muslim countries, at worst invading or bombing them. They are (in chronological order) Iran, Libya, Lebanon, Kuwait, Iraq, Somalia, Bosnia, Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan, Sudan, Kosovo, Yemen, Pakistan, and now Syria. 
How our never-ending Mideast horror began: Radio Address of George W. Bush, September 28, 2002: 'The Iraqi regime possesses biological and chemical weapons, is rebuilding the facilities to make more and, according to the British government, could launch a biological or chemical attack in as little as 45 minutes after the order is given. The regime has long-standing and continuing ties to terrorist groups, and there are al Qaeda terrorists inside Iraq. This regime is seeking a nuclear bomb, and with fissile material could build one within a year.' Yet . . . just six weeks before 9/11, Condoleezza Rice told CNN: 'Let's remember that his [Saddam's] country is divided, in effect. He does not control the northern part of his country. We are able to keep his arms from him. His military forces have not been rebuilt.' 
The fact is that there is more participation by the Cuban population in the running of their country than there is by the American population in the running of theirs. One important reason is the absence of the numerous private corporations which, in the United States, exert great influence over all aspects of life. 
'The U.S. is frantically surrounding China with military weapons, advanced aircraft, naval fleets and a multitude of military bases from Japan, South Korea and the Philippines through several nearby smaller Pacific islands to its new and enlarged base in Australia . . . The U.S. naval fleet, aircraft carriers and nuclear submarines patrol China's nearby waters. Warplanes, surveillance planes, drones and spying satellites cover the skies, creating a symbolic darkness at noon.' (Jack A. Smith, 'Hegemony Games: USA vs. PRC,' CounterPunch) 
SR's leader Nikita Khrushchev, a native of the region, had donated Crimea to Ukraine in 1954. Crimeans were always strongly opposed to that change and voted overwhelmingly to rejoin Russia after the US-induced Ukrainian coup in 2014. Russian President Vladimir Putin refers to the Ukrainian army as 'NATO's foreign legion,' which does not pursue Ukraine's national interests. The United States, however, insists on labeling the Russian action in Crimea as an invasion. 
Putin re Crimea/Ukraine: 'Our western partners created the 'Kosovo precedent' with their own hands. In a situation absolutely the same as the one in Crimea they recognized Kosovo's secession from Serbia legitimate while arguing that no permission from a country's central authority for a unilateral declaration of independence is necessary . . . And the UN International Court of Justice agreed with those arguments. That's what they said; that's what they trumpeted all over the world and coerced everyone to accept—and now they are complaining about Crimea. Why is that?' 
Paul Craig Roberts: 'The absurdity of it all! Even a moron knows that if Russia is going to put tanks and troops into Ukraine, Russia will put in enough to do the job. The war would be over in a few days if not in a few hours. As Putin himself said some months ago, if the Russian military enters Ukraine, the news will not be the fate of Donetsk or Mauriupol, but the fall of Kiev and Lviv.' 
In a major examination of US policy vis-à-vis China, published in March 2015, the authoritative Council on Foreign Relations bluntly declared that 'there is no real prospect of building fundamental trust, 'peaceful coexistence,' 'mutual understanding,' a strategic partnership, or a 'new type of major country relations' between the United States and China.' The United States, the report declares, must, therefore, develop 'the political will' and military capabilities 'to deal with China to protect vital U.S. interests.' 
military from 'hemispheric defense'—an outdated relic of World War II—to 'internal security,' which means war against the domestic population.'— Noam Chomsky 
Cuban baseball players who are paid a million dollars to play for an American team are not 'defectors,' a word which has a clear political connotation. 
Boris Yeltsin was acceptable to American and Europeans because he was seen as a weak, pliable figure that allowed Western capital free rein in the newly opened Russian territory following the collapse of the Soviet Union. Yeltsin's era was also a time of rampant corruption by Russian oligarchs who were closely associated with Western capital. That corrosive culture came to a halt with the election of Vladimir Putin twice as president between 2000–2008, and again in 2012. 
Many ISIS leaders were former Iraqi military officers who were imprisoned by American troops. The fight isn't against ISIS, it's against Assad; at the next level it isn't against Assad, it's against Putin; then, at the next level, it isn't against Putin, it's against the country most likely to stand in the way of US world domination, Russia. And it's forever. 
Connecting to the US-based Internet would mean channeling all of Cuba's communications directly to the NSA. 
George W. Bush has been living a comparatively quiet life in Texas, with a focus on his paintings. 'I'm trying to leave something behind,' he said a couple of years ago. Yeah, right, George. We can stand up some of the paintings against the large piles of Iraqi dead bodies. 
Seymour Hirsch: 'America would be much better off, if, 30 years ago, we had let Russia continue its war in Afghanistan . . . The mistake was made by the Carter administration which was trying to stop the Russians from their invasion of Afghanistan. We'd be better off had we let the Russians beat the Taliban.' ( Deutsche Welle , April 2, 2014 interview) We'd be even better off if we hadn't overthrown the progressive, secular Afghan government, giving rise to the Taliban in the first place and inciting the Russians to intervene on their border lest the Soviet Islamic population was stirred up. 
The former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright in an interview in 1998 summed up exactly what the US thinks of the UN: 'The UN plays a very important role. But if we don't like it, we always have the option of following our own national security interests, which I assure you we will do if we don't like what's going on.' She is now a foreign-policy advisor to Hillary Clinton. 
'A leader taking his (or her) nation to war is as dysfunctional in the family of humankind as an abusive parent is in an individual family.'— Suzy Kane 
'It would be some time before I fully realized that the United States sees little need for diplomacy. Power is enough. Only the weak rely on diplomacy . . . The Roman Empire had no need for diplomacy. Nor does the United States.'— Boutros Boutros-Ghali , Secretary-General of the United Nations from January 1992 to December 1996 
'Interventions are not against dictators but against those who try to distribute: not against Jiménez in Venezuela but Chávez, not against Somoza in Nicaragua but the Sandinistas, not against Batista in Cuba but Castro, not against Pinochet in Chile but Allende, not against Guatemala dictators but Arbenz, not against the shah in Iran but Mossadegh, etc.'— Johan Galtung, Norwegian, principal founder of the discipline of peace and conflict studies 
'No mention was made that Iraq's Christians had been safe and sound under President Saddam Hussein—even privileged—until President George Bush invaded and destroyed Iraq. We can expect the same fate for Syria's Christians if the protection of the Assad regime is torn away by the US-engineered uprising. We will then shed crocodile tears for Syria's Christians.'— Eric Margolis, 2014 
the debate on Jewish Power.'— Gilad Atzmon 
'We need a trial to judge all those who bear significant responsibility for the past century—the most murderous and ecologically destructive in human history. We could call it the war, air and fiscal crimes tribunal and we could put politicians and CEOs and major media owners in the dock with earphones like Eichmann and make them listen to the evidence of how they killed millions of people and almost murdered the planet and made most of us far more miserable than we needed to be. Of course, we wouldn't have time to go after them one by one. We'd have to lump Wall Street investment bankers in one trial, the Council on Foreign Relations in another, and any remaining Harvard Business School or Yale Law graduates in a third. We don't need this for retribution, only for edification. So there would be no capital punishment, but rather banishment to an overseas Nike factory with a vow of perpetual silence.'— Sam Smith 
'I have come to think of the export of 'democracy' as the contemporary equivalent of what missionaries have always done in the interest of conquering and occupying the 'uncivilized' world on behalf of the powers that be. I have said that the 'church' invented the concept of conversion by any means, including torture and killing of course, as doing the victims a big favor, since it was in the interest of 'saving' their immortal souls. It is now called, 'democratization.''— Rita Corriel 
'It is more or less impossible to commemorate the war dead without glorifying them, and it is impossible to glorify them without glorifying their wars.'— Paul Craig Roberts

ARTICLE

Murder Inc. in the White House; Obama's Drones for Breakfast Club By Thomas C. Mountain   Thomas C. Mountain 
Elections come and go but when 'The Don,' Barack Obama, meets with his inner circle of Capos every Tuesday morning its breakfast with drones as in the Murder Incorporated assassination program. 
Think about it, every Tuesday morning in the White House this breakfast club decides who they are going to blow to smithereens that week, with fresh fruit and cappuccinos all around. 
Does Obama lie in bed on Monday nights deciding who to have assasinated the next day? You think I am joking? I went to the same school as Barack Obama, I know it torments the brother to blow away all those women and children at those village weddings but someone has to protect Pax Americana . . . right? 
Hear it straight from the mouth of Barack in 2012. 'Turns out I'm really good at killing people. Didn't know that was a strong suit of mine.' . 
The criminal absurdity of the right to kill at will without consequence when you head the most powerful military on the planet as the commander in chief seems to be completely lost on the American sheeple. 
As a star basketball player in high school Barry O'Bomber, as he was known, left a life of being the only black kid in an elite school of 3,000 to being amongst black Americans for the first time in his life when he left Hawaii for college on 'the continent,' as it is known in the islands. 
Obama spent most of his childhood completely isolated from blacks, had reached early adulthood before having any black friends and then made his career out of being black. Could this explain his sociopathic behavior? 
I suspect 'Barry,' as his white grandmother renamed him, must know about Murder Inc., the national crime syndicate headed by Lucky Luciano in the 1930s who met regularly to decide whom to kill. 
Mr. Luciano ended up serving life in a federal prison only to be released to set up the Italian Mafia nationally after WW2 as a part of the CIA's forerunners plan for murder and mayhem against the Italian Communist Party to prevent them from winning the postwar Italian elections. 
Impunity to kill, it runs in American history and Barack Obama finds himself surprisingly good at it. Breakfast with drones, approving the hit list alongside expressos and bagels, Tuesday morning is still Murder Inc. in the Obama White House. 
Thomas C. Mountain is an independent journalist in Eritrea, living and reporting from the country since 2006. His speeches, interviews and articles can be found on Facebook at thomascmountain and he can best be reached at thomascmountain at g mail dot com. This entry was posted in Commentary . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Freedom Rider: Dump the Democrats for good By Margaret Kimberley Posted on November 10, 2016 by Margaret Kimberley 
This columnist did not see a Donald Trump victory coming. The degree of disgust directed at an awful candidate was more than I had predicted. Neither the corporate media, nor Wall Street, nor the pundits, nor the pollsters saw this coming, either. Their defeat and proof of their uselessness is total. Those of us who rejected the elite consensus and didn't support Hillary Clinton should be proud. 
Black people are now in fear and in shock when we ought to be spoiling for a fight. All is not lost. Even the victory of the openly bigoted Trump poses an opportunity to right our political ship. Not the electoral ship, the political one. For decades black Americans have been voting for people who have done them wrong. Bill Clinton got rid of public assistance as a right, and undid regulations that kept Wall Street in check. He put black people in jail and yet black people didn't turn on him until he and his wife tried to defeat Obama. But Obama gave us more of the same. Bailouts of Wall Street, interventions and death for people all over the world, and a beat down of black people who still loved him. Despite the fear of Republican victory, we end up losing whenever a Democratic presidential candidate wins. 
Victory is ours if we dump the Democrat Party and their black misleaders. The Democrats were so entrenched in their corruption and self-dealing that they didn't see the Bernie Sanders campaign for modest reform as the savior it might have been. Instead, they marched in lock step with a woman who was heartily disliked. Sanders went along as the sheep dog who led his flock straight over the cliff. The Democrats inadvertently galvanized people who had stopped participating in the system and who want change from top to bottom. 
One of our biggest problems lies not in facts but in perceptions. What did Democrats do for black people? The Democrats ship living wage jobs off shore in corrupt trade deals like NAFTA and TTP. They don't prosecute killer cops or raise the minimum wage. Trump will be hard pressed to deport more people than Obama did. The list of treachery is very long. 
When Donald Trump asked black people, 'What have you got to lose?' his words were met with derision. But in reality he posed a good question. What do we have to show for years of Democratic votes? Obama bailed out banks, insurance companies, Big Pharma and even Ukraine. But he didn't rebuild Detroit or New Orleans. The water in Flint, Michigan, is still poisoned and the prisons are still full. 
The outpouring of love for Barack Obama was purely symbolic. In state after state, black people who gave him victory in 2008 and 2012 stayed home. They loved seeing him and his wife dressed up at state dinners but they were never fully engaged in politics because that is not what Democrats want. The love was phony and void of any political intent. Donald Trump will be president because of that veneer of political activism. 
As for white people who voted for Trump, of course many of them are racists. However they are not without valid complaints. They don't want neoliberalism but black people don't, either. They don't want wars around the world and neither do black people. We corrupt our own heritage of radicalism in favor of shallow symbolism. While we slept walk in foolish nostalgia for Obama and cried at the thought of him leaving office, white people kept their hatred of Hillary to themselves or lied to pollsters. They want America to be great again, great for them. White nostalgic yearnings are dangerous for black people, and we must be vigilant. But there may be opportunity in this crisis if we dare to seize it. 
Republicans have been the white people's party for nearly 50 years. Trump just made it more obvious. He didn't tell us anything we didn't already know. We don't have to be the losers in this election. Let us remember what we have achieved in our history. Half of black Americans didn't even have the right to vote in the 1960s yet made earth shattering progress in a short time. But we must understand the source of that progress. It came from struggle and daring to create the crises that always bring about change. 
Yes white people will strut for President Trump but that doesn't mean we must submit as if we are in the Jim Crow days of old. We have ourselves to rely on and we can reclaim our history of fighting for self-determination. The dread of redneck celebration should not be our primary motivation right now. Before we quake in fear at white America, we must send the scoundrels packing. 
The black politicians and the Democratic National Committee and the civil rights organizations that don't help the masses must all be kicked to the proverbial curb. The rejection must be complete and blame must be laid squarely at their feet. 
Those of us who voted for the Green Party ticket of Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka must stand firmly and proudly for our choice. We must strategize on building a progressive party to replace the Democrats who never help us. We must applaud Julian Assange and WikiLeaks for exposing their corruption. There should be no back tracking on the fight to build left-wing political power. 
The black people who didn't return to the polls shouldn't be blamed, either. Those individuals must have personal introspection that is meaningful and political. Their lack of enthusiasm speaks to Democratic Party and black misleadership incompetence. We should refrain from personal blame and help one another in this process as we fight for justice and peace. 
The end of the duopoly is the first step in liberation. Staying with a party that literally did nothing was a slow and agonizing death. Sometimes shock therapy is needed to improve one's condition. If we don't take the necessary steps to free ourselves, this election outcome will be a disaster. Instead, why not bring the disaster to the people who made it happen? The destruction of the Democratic Party and creation of a truly progressive political movement is the only hope for black America. 
Margaret Kimberley's Freedom Rider column appears weekly in BAR, and is widely reprinted elsewhere. She maintains a frequently updated blog as well as at freedomrider.blogspot.com . Ms. Kimberley lives in New York City, and can be reached via e-Mail at Margaret.Kimberley(at)BlackAgendaReport.com .

ARTICLE

Intrepid Report will resume publishing on Monday, November 29 This year's elections have left yours truly drained. By Bev Conover   Bev Conover 
Yes, Donald Trump, a sexual predator, a misogynist, a racist, a liar, a cheat, a con man extraordinaire, and a narcissist, who has never held public office and may not even be as rich as he claims, will, barring anything unforeseen, become president of the United States on January 20, 2017. 
Hillary Clinton may have won the popular vote but the Trump supporters gave him the necessary 270 Electoral College votes needed for victory. It was half a bloodless revolution. The other half would have been cleaning out Congress, too. 
While Hillary called half of Trump's supporters 'the deplorables,' and some undoubtedly are, all of them have had it with a government that only serves and enriches the plutocrats, and cares nothing about the rest of the people's welfare and needs. Thus, they saw an opening to revolt and did—call it striking out blindly because they didn't finish the job and Paul Ryan, if he hangs on to the House speakership, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell are licking their chops over the prospect of all the damage they intend to cause, i.e., if Trump goes along with them. 
It remains to be seen how happy Trump's supporters will be in a year or so if they lose their health insurance, if Medicare is cut, Social Security is privatized, there is no increase (maybe even a cut) in the federal minimum wage, the Dodd-Frank Act is overturned to let the banks go hog-wild, the wars aren't ended and the military is further bloated, and millions of undocumented aliens are deported. And those are just the openers on Trump's list of what he wants to do. Forget about the environment and drill, baby, drill. Global warming? He says it's a hoax. 
All is not doom and gloom if he follows through (at the risk of winding up like John F. Kennedy) on ending globalization, repealing NAFTA, leaving the World Trade Organization (WTO), refusing to sign on to the TPP, TTIP, TISA and any other trade deals that sap the signatories' of their nations' sovereignty for the benefit of the corporations. 
Now is the time for all of us who realize this broken system must be replaced to put aside our petty differences and reach out to each other and organize. We all want the same things: fairness, justice, peace and a sustainable planet. We the people have the power if only we would recognize it; the plutocrats do and that's what scares them. 
And now is the time for me to spend time with family visitors who have been very patient with me this week while I have been glued to this computer. Plus, it would be an understatement to say I need some R & R. 
As usual, I will be checking email daily, so writers may submit articles that aren't time sensitive. 
Bev Conover is the editor and publisher of Intrepid Report . Email her at .

ARTICLE

What happened in this election? By John Chuckman   John Chuckman 
Brushing away the extreme claims and rhetoric of much election analysis, there are some observations which deserve attention. These unfortunately mostly provide hard lessons and not a lot of encouragement for people who hold to principles of democracy, enlightenment, and progressivity. 
The election demonstrated perhaps better than ever, and better than has been generally been recognized, that America is, indeed, a plutocracy. It took a genuine American Oligarch, a multi-billionaire, a man with a lifetime's economic empire-building, to defeat a family which could provide the very definition of being politically well-connected, a family which had laboriously constructed and carefully maintained a kind of deep well ever-flowing with money for their ambitions. 
It was the ever-flowing well of money, drilled by Bill Clinton with help from some extremely shady friends, such as Jeffrey Epstein, that made the Clintons keystone establishment figures in the Democratic Party. It was not personal charm or exceptional political generalship—although Bill, in his heyday, displayed some of both of those—that earned the Clintons their place, it was the money, the 'mother's milk of politics.' In what is euphemistically called 'fund raising,' many hundreds of millions of dollars were provided for the party over the last couple of decades by Bill Clinton's efforts. 
Hillary fully appreciated the fact that money buys power and influence. She lacked Bill's superficial charm, but she certainly more than shared his ambition. On the charm front, when she was ready to move into running for office, she adopted, perhaps under Bill's tutelage, a kind of forced clown face with arched eyebrows, bugged-out eyes, and a smile as big as her lips would allow, and these expressions were accompanied by little gestures such as briefly pointing to various on-lookers or waving helter-skelter whenever she campaigned. 
Her gestures reminded me of something you might see atop a float in a Christmas Parade or of the late Harpo Marx at his most exuberant. These were not natural for her. They were never in evidence years ago when she spent years as a kind of bizarre executive housewife, both in a governor's mansion and later in the White House, bizarre because she indulged her husband's non-stop predatory sexual behavior in exchange for the immense power it conferred on her behind the scenes over her far more out-going and successful politician-husband. 
Anyway, Hillary knew that gestures and simulated charm do not get you far in American politics. She determined to build a political war chest long ago, and there are many indications over the years of her working towards this end of making this or that change in expressed view, as when running for the Senate, when sources of big money suggested another view would more acceptable. She was anything but constant in the views she embraced because when she ran for the Senate she spent record amounts of money, embarrassingly large amounts. 
In her years of speaking engagements, she aimed at special interests who could supply potentially far more money than just exorbitant speaking fees. Later, in the influential, appointed post of Secretary of State—coming, as it does, into personal contact with every head of government or moneyed, big-time international schemer—she unquestionably played an aggressive 'pay for play' with them all. Covering up that embarrassing and illegal fact is what the private servers and unauthorized smart phones were all about. 
A second big fact of the election is that both major American political parties are rather sick and fading. The Republican Party has been broken for a very long time. It hobbled along for some decades with the help of various gimmicks, hoping to expand its constituency with rubbish like 'family values,' public prayer and catering to the Christian Right, and anti-flag burning Constitutional amendments, and now it is truly out of gas. That is precisely why a political outsider like Oligarch Trump could manage to hijack the party. 
He was opposed by tired, boring men like Jeb Bush, seeking to secure an almost inherited presidency, and a dark, intensely unlikable, phony Christian fundamentalist like Ted Cruz, and it proved to be no contest. It was a remarkable political achievement, but I think it was only possible given the sorry state of the party. 
The Republican Party had been given a breather, some new life, by Ronald Reagan in the 1980s. He had an extremely mixed record as president, but he was popular, held in some affection, and did have a clear vision, but his effect on the party was not lasting. Trump could be seen as another Reagan, but I think the comparison is superficial. Trump literally hijacked the party, and he was not deliriously crowned by its establishment. 
The Republican Party itself was formed not long before Abraham Lincoln's candidacy out of the remains of worn out and collapsed predecessors, including the Whigs and Free-Soil Democrats. Parties do not last forever, and here was Trump creating something of a minor political revolution inside a tired and fairly directionless old party, a phenomenon which I do not think was sufficiently noticed. 
The press was too busy attacking him from the start to take notice or do any intelligent analysis, and he was attacked precisely for the potential damage to the establishment he represented. His most promising quality is his potential for creating a new coalition of interests and one excluding the continuation of the neocon wars Hillary vigorously embraced and would expand. 
But the Democratic Party is in serious trouble, too. It has a great deal of internal rot, as the WikiLeaks material from the DNC clearly shows us. Arrogance, lack of direction, ignorance of the people it has always claimed to serve, bad decision-making, and the absolute prostrate worship of money are the major symptoms. 
It would have been impossible for the party to have so made up its mind and committed its resources to Hillary Clinton without serious rot. She has always had strong negatives in polling, always been (rightly) suspected concerning her honesty. 
The WikiLeaks material tells us about many internal conflicts, including harsh high-level judgments of Hillary's decision-making, resentment over the back-stabbing character of daughter Chelsea who is said to resemble Hillary in her behavior and attitudes, and the belief of some that Hillary just should not have run. And, frankly, she had become for many a rather tiresome, used-up figure from whom absolutely nothing spectacular in politics or policy could possibly be expected. But they not only blindly supported her, they broke all their own party rules by internally and secretly working to defeat a legitimate and viable contender, Bernie Sanders. 
Sanders might well have been able to win the election for the Democrats, but their establishment was blind to the possibility and rejected his candidacy out-of-hand. After all, there were Bill and Hillary beckoning to their running well of money. In hindsight, it might be just as well that Sanders was cheated out of the nomination. He proved a weak individual in the end, giving in to just the forces he had claimed to oppose and leaving his enthusiastic followers completely let down. He may well even have been secretly bribed by money from the Clintons since he bought a fairly expensive property not long afterward. But, in any event, there he was, out on the hustings, supporting everything he ever opposed personified in Hillary Clinton. Men of that nature do not stand up well to generals and admirals and the heads of massive corporations, a quality which I do think we have some right to expect Trump to display. 
Another important fact about the election is that it was less the triumph of Trump than the avoidance of Hillary that caused the defeat. The numbers are unmistakable. Yes, Trump did well for a political newcomer and a very controversial figure, but Hillary simply did badly, not approaching the support Obama achieved in key states, again something reflecting the documented fact that she is not a well-liked figure and the party blundered badly in running her. But again, money talks, and the Clintons, particularly Bill, are the biggest fundraisers they have had in our lifetime. No one was ready to say no to the source of all that money. 
Now, to many Americans, the election result must seem a bit like having experienced something of a revolution, although a revolution conducted through ballots, any other kind being literally impossible by design in this massive military-security state. In a way, it does represent something of a revolutionary event, owing to the fact that Trump the Oligarch is in his political views a bit of a revolutionary or at least a dissenter from the prevailing establishment views. And, as in any revolution, even a small one, there are going to be some unpleasant outcomes. 
The historical truth of politics is that you never know from just what surprising source change may come. Lyndon Johnson, life-long crooked politician and the main author of the horrifying and pointless Vietnam War, did more for the rights of black Americans than any other modern president. Franklin Roosevelt, son of wealthy establishment figures, provided remarkable leadership in the Great Depression, restoring hopes and dreams for millions. Change, important, change, never comes from establishments or institutions like political parties. It always comes from unusual people who seem to step out of their accustomed roles in life with some good or inspired ideas and have the drive and toughness to make them a reality. 
I have some limited but important hopes for Trump. I am not blind or delirious expecting miracles from this unusual person, and after the experience of Obama, who seemed such a promising young figure but fairly quickly proved a crushing, bloody disappointment, I can never build up substantial hopes for any politician. And what was the choice anyway? Hillary Clinton was a bought-and-paid one-way ticket to hell. 
Trump offers two areas of some hope, and these both represent real change. The first is in reducing America's close to out-of-control military aggressiveness abroad. This aggressiveness, reflecting momentum from what can only be called the Cheney-Rumsfeld presidency, continued and grew under the weak and ineffectual leadership of Obama and was boosted and encouraged by Hillary as secretary of state. Hillary, the feminists who weep for her should be reminded, did a lot of killing during her tenure. She along with Obama are literally responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands of women and their families, many of them literally torn apart by bombs. 
The other area of some hope is for the welfare of ordinary American people themselves who have been completely ignored by national leaders for decades. George Bush's lame reaction to Hurricane Katrina (before he was internationally shamed into some action) has become the normal pattern for America's national government when it comes to ordinary Americans. 
The truth is that the legacy of FDR has withered to nothing and no longer plays any role in the Democratic Party, and of course never did in the Republican Party. By welfare, I do not mean the kind of state assistance that Bill Clinton himself worked to end. Nothing can impress someone not familiar with America's dark corners more than a visit to places like Detroit or Gary or Chicago's South Side, parts of New Orleans, or Newark or dozens of other places where Americans live in conditions in every way comparable to Third World hellholes. No, I mean the people's general well-being. Trump's approach will be through jobs and creating incentives for jobs. I don't know whether he can succeed, but, just as he asked people in some of his speeches, 'What do you have to lose?' Just having someone in power who pays any attention to the 'deplorables' is a small gain. 
People should never think of the Clintons as liberal or progressive, and that was just as much true for Bill as it is for Hillary. His record as president—apart from his embarrassing behavior in the Oval Office with a young female intern and his recruitment of Secret Service guards as procurers for women he found attractive on his morning runs—was actually pretty appalling. He, in his own words, 'ended welfare as we know it.' He signed legislation which would send large numbers of young black men to prison. He also signed legislation which contributed to the country's later financial collapse under George Bush. He often would appoint someone decent and then quickly back off, leaving them dangling, when it looked like approval for the appointment would not be coming. His FBI conducted the assault on Waco, killing about eighty people needlessly. A pharmaceutical plant in Sudan was destroyed by cruise missiles for no good reason. There were a number of scandals, including the suicide of Vince Foster and the so-called Travelgate affair, which were never fully explained to the public. It was his secretary of state, Madeleine Albright, who answered, unblinkingly, a television interviewer's question about tens of thousands of Iraqi children who died owing to America's embargo, 'We think it's worth it.' He committed the war crime of bombing Belgrade. When news of the horrors of the Rwanda genocide were first detected by his government, the order secretly went out to shut up about it. No effort was made to intervene. 
No, any real change in America could never come from people like the Clintons, either one of them. 
John Chuckman is former chief economist for a large Canadian oil company. He has many interests and is a lifelong student of history. He writes with a passionate desire for honesty, the rule of reason, and concern for human decency. John regards it as a badge of honor to have left the United States as a poor young man from the South Side of Chicago when the country embarked on the pointless murder of something like 3 million Vietnamese in their own land because they happened to embrace the wrong economic loyalties. He lives in Canada, which he is fond of calling 'the peaceable kingdom.' John's columns appear regularly on Intrepid Report, CounterPunch, Media Monitors, Politics Canada, Baltimore Chronicle, Intrepid Report, Scoop (New Zealand), Asian Tribune, Aljazeerah.info, Smirking Chimp, Dissident Voice, and many other Internet sites. He has been translated into at least ten languages and is regularly translated into Italian and Spanish. Several of his essays have been published in book collections, including two college texts. His first book has just been published, 'The Decline of the American Empire and the Rise of China as a Global Power,' published by Constable and Robinson, London. Contact him at .

ARTICLE

  Gilad Atzmon 
It occurred to me in recent years that the act of being progressive is not a political position but rather a mental state. 
The incapacity of the entire American progressive and left establishment to foresee Trump's landslide victory suggests that we are dealing with people who are institutionally detached 
Just three days ahead of the presidential elections, the Huffington Post pathetically criticised star pollster Nate Silver of 'Unskewing Polls in Trump's direction,' for suggesting that a Trump victory was realistic. Ryan Grim wrote: 'HuffPost Pollster is giving Clinton a 98 percent chance of winning, and The New York Times' model at The Upshot puts her chances at 85 percent.' 
'There is one outlier, however, that is causing waves of panic among Democrats around the country and injecting Trump backers with the hope that their guy might pull this thing off after all. Nate Silver's 538 model gives Donald Trump a heart-stopping 35% chance of winning as of this weekend.' 
The Huffington Post went as far as accusing Silver of 'making a mockery of the very forecasting industry that he popularized.' 
In perspectives, Nate Silver and his 538 were obviously spot on. The Huffington Post and The New York Times were totally off the mark. Is it a coincidence? 
How is it possible that the Democratic Party, the mainstream media and Wall Street have managed to totally miss the level of anger that unites the American masses. These questions go far beyond polling strategy or the science of statistics. We are dealing with a state of being aloof on the verge of total detachment. 
Left and progressive thinking is shaped like a dream. It tells us what the world ought to be. Progressives often seem to forget what the world really is and what its people are really like. Hillary Clinton and her campaign, just like the New York Times and The Huffington Post, were in a state of denial. Boasting in righteous hubris, they failed to read the map. 
But this shouldn't take us by a complete surprise. Detachment wasn't invented by Clinton and her team. Detachment and alienation are ingrained in progressive thought. To be a progressive is to believe that some of the 'other' people are simply a bunch of unaware 'reactionaries.' Progressive thought is the secular manifestation of 'chosenness.' It is inherently Jewish, a fact that explains why Hillary Clinton's top five donors were Jewish billionaires . 
Since being progressive is a form of supremacy. I would go as far as suggesting that progressives' antagonism towards 'white supremacy,' is at large, a form of projection. The progressive attributes to 'whiteness' his own exceptionalist inclinations. 
Americans vs. Identitarians 
On election day, we learned that the Democratic Party was hanging on a thread, hoping to be saved by Florida's 'Hispanic vote.' Clinton's political future depended upon the hope that Trump had managed to upset enough Latinos. This peculiar development in which a national party is dependent on group politics shouldn't take us by surprise anymore. 
The 2016 American presidential election divided America into two camps: The Americans on one side and the Identitarians on the other. The Americans are those who see themselves primarily as American patriots. They are driven by rootedness and heritage. For them, the promise to make 'America great again' confirms that Utopia is nostalgia and that the progressive reality is nothing short of dystopia. The Identitarians, on the other hand, are those who subscribe to progressive sectarian politics. They see themselves primarily as LGBTQ, Latino, Black, Jews, Women, and so on. Their bond with the American national or patriotic ethos is secondary and often non-existent. The future of the Democratic Party, in its current form, depends upon the hope that American subscriptions to sectarian ideologies will gradually increase and, as a result, will eventually strengthen the context of identity or group politics. The progressive agenda banks on the divestiture of the national and patriotic ethos. Needless to mention that half of America voted for Clinton. Hence, this political agenda is far from being farfetched or delusional. 
But the Identitarian agenda backfired. It was only a question of time before the so-called 'whites' or 'rednecks' grasped that their backs have been pressed to the wall. They also started to act and think as an identitarian political sector. Hillary Clinton calling Trump's voters a 'basket of deplorables' was a clear sign for white poor Americans that Hillary wasn't exactly their ally. However, Hillary was far from being alone. Almost every Jewish writer within the American press didn't miss the opportunity to attribute the 'White Supremacist' label to Trump's voters. For Cheryl Greenberg, Trump's popularity was 'the final gasping of white supremacy.' For T alking Points Memo's Josh Marshall , Trump's closing ad was packed with 'anti-Semitic dog whistles, anti-Semitic tropes, and anti-Semitic vocabulary.' For Marshall and Goldberg, half of the American people were dogs obeying their master's whistle. 
It shouldn't take us by surprise that half of the American people would eventually react. They became weary of Jewish progressives like Marshall and Goldberg seeing them as dogs and white supremacists. The time was ripe for a revolution. 
So is the revolution here? I'm not holding my breath. The people who crowned Trump are certainly exhausted. They are ready for a change. Can Trump introduce such a change? No one knows. He is certainly going to keep us entertained. 
Gilad Atzmon is an Israeli jazz musician, author and political activist. His new book, 'The Wandering Who,' may be ordered from amazon.com or amazon.co.uk .

ARTICLE

  Dave Alpert 
Why would the American people elect a racist, misogynist, narcissistic, criminal to the presidency of this country? 
There is no simple answer but let's look at the variables. First, let us look at his opponent, Hillary Clinton, one of the most disliked, distrusted candidates for the office of president in U.S. history. 
Hillary represents the establishment . . . she is friendly and subservient to Wall Street, the Banksters, and the war industry. She has proven to be a war monger who has never found a war she didn't like. Although she is the candidate of the Democratic Party, a party that likes to project themselves as the saviors of the working men and women, she does not now, nor has she ever, represented hope and relief to the working class. 
The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), an agreement which was activated in 1994, was supported by Hillary Clinton. This is an agreement between the U.S., Mexico, and Canada that resulted in the exportation of thousands of well-paying jobs to countries with a work force willing to work for significantly lower salaries. 
Thus, American corporations moved their production plants to Mexico leaving American workers without jobs and many towns, that relied for economic survival on these corporations, bankrupt. As we have learned, in a capitalistic society, the corporation's main obligation is to the shareholders, not the workers. 
Today, we are confronted with the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), another trade agreement that is being pushed by President Obama, a Democrat, and originally supported by Hillary Clinton, another Democrat. This so-called trade agreement would double down on the negative and problematic effects of the NAFTA agreement on working class Americans. Only the corporations and, therefore, the shareholders, would benefit. 
It was only when Bernie Sanders called her out regarding this issue that, Hillary began to modify her position on the TPP, claiming that she had not yet seen the details of the agreement and would withhold a decision whether or not to support it. Eventually, she stated that she would not support the TPP. But, as we know, campaign rhetoric is meaningless and once the campaign is over, we go back to business as usual. And, business as usual means continuing to exploit and abuse the working class for the benefit of the ruling class. 
As a result of the policies of the past 20 years, the people of the Industrial Heartland or 'Rust Belt' felt betrayed and angry . . . they had been abandoned. The states that make up the Rust Belt are Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, and lower Michigan. These are states that are considered swing states, states that are not red or blue and can go either Democrat or Republican. Hillary Clinton did not win any of these states. 
Donald Trump spoke to them, the people of the Industrial Heartland . . . he portrayed himself as an outsider, which was hard to dispute since he never held office, a populist billionaire, an oxymoron, who spoke for the working class. His style, although abrupt and insulting, was appealing to many people . . . where Donald would get in your face, with Hillary, you had to watch your back. 
The initial phase of Trump's candidacy was perplexing. He proceeded to insult Mexicans, Muslims, women, gays, blacks, and the disabled. One could hardly take his candidacy seriously. How do you insult the voters and expect to get their votes? In fact, many of us thought that Trump was being so outrageous that he would create fear and anger among the voters and push them to vote for Hillary. In other words, he was the foil for Hillary's run for the presidency. 
Trump's rhetoric has created a dangerous situation. Racists and white supremacists, who previously were more or less background noise, were given legitimacy by Trump's oratory. The voice of the white man now had the public's attention. 
Many of these folks are also 2nd amendment enthusiasts and do not hesitate to carry guns. This combination may at some point explode into armed conflict between the various factions in the U.S. The country is now more divided than at any time since the Civil War. 
Non-Christians and people of color are now on the official hit list and may very well be targeted for deportation or abuse. Dissidents will likely be put on this administration's neutralization list. We are moving rapidly into a fascist state. 
While black men were being shot by police almost daily, Trump made it clear that he supports the police and stands for law and order. These are statements that historically were code words for targeting people of color. We can expect that the police, who are already armed with military weapons, to become more aggressive in their implementation of law and order. They have been given official sanctions. 
Although we are in a crisis, we are also in a moment of opportunity. During the election period, I wrote that neither Trump nor Clinton deserved our support. People would inevitably ask, 'What else can I do?' The answer has always remained the same. ORGANIZE, ORGANIZE, ORGANIZE, RESIST, RESIST, AND RESIST SOME MORE. 
Although Trump won the electoral college vote, Clinton won the popular vote. There will undoubtedly be a focus on the unfairness of not abiding by the will of the people. This will serve as a distraction and deflection away from the critical issues. What will be missing from the discussion is that the ruling class selects and invests in the candidates running for office, candidates that, like Trump and Clinton, are not trusted or liked and do not represent our interests . . . that we are stuck in a two party system that projects one voice, the voice of the ruling class. Alternative options are purposefully excluded from the discussion and the will of the people ignored and silenced before the voting ever takes place. 
Change in the U.S. will never come from the ballot box and participating in this farce gives credibility to the ruling class's con job. We cannot wait for the next election because, as history has shown, we will again be given the choice between two candidates, neither of whom will represent us, our needs or our concerns. 
This economic and political system is rigged and corrupt. Even Donald Trump acknowledged this. It matters little who sits in the Oval Office, it is the system that must be changed. Capitalism and its imperialistic partner are destroying our planet, initiating wars worldwide and allowing the ruling class to exploit and abuse working people. Band-Aids on a broken system will not offer us meaningful relief, the system must be changed. 
Working people must begin to recognize that the enemy is not Russia, China or Assad's Syria, it is the capitalists/imperialists who are located right here in the U.S. that want to rule the world by any means necessary. As a result, hundreds of thousands have died and the homes of innocent people have been destroyed so that these men and women can fulfill their agenda of world domination. That's what Hillary Clinton supports and that's what Donald Trump will support. 
THE PRIMARY MISSION OF THESE PEOPLE IS PROFIT. 
We must take to the streets, whites, blacks, Latinos, Muslims, gays, straights, and shut down and put a stop to business as usual, and also refuse to continue participating in our own downfall. 
We live in the belly of the beast, the strongest and most militarized country in the world, as well as in the history of man itself. The U.S. has perpetrated more death and destruction than any country in human history. 'We' are the enemy, 'we' are the threat to human survival. Yet, it is this country that marches uninvited into other countries and determines who shall lead those countries and how those people should live their lives. 
IT IS TIME TO ACT . . . LET'S NOT WAIT UNTIL THE U.S. PROVOKES WW3. 
Dave Alpert has masters degrees in social work, educational administration, and psychology. He spent his career working with troubled inner city adolescents.

ARTICLE

Trump: A people's 'new world order' taking shape? By Eric Walberg   Eric Walberg 
A populist wave that began with Brexit in June became a tsunami as Trump's cyclone hit Washington Tuesday night, leaving the capital in a shambles. His is a story straight out of Grimm's fairytales. the peasants rose up. The phony civility of the neoconservative nightmare that Americans (and the world) have endured for years is cracking. 
Trump's victory is pure protest by the masses. Exciting, but disturbing, as Trump is just another billionaire. He will be sure to look after his own, but then again, maybe he can stare them down. Fortunately, there is the Republican Congress and Senate to provide stability as the upstart get his feet on the ground. The weakened Democrats will have to fight extra hard after years of complacency under the nice, liberal Obama. 
For critics of media control by the Israel lobby in the US, and the sham elections where money rules, the victory shattered this paradigm. 'Though the 'Masters of Discourse' control the entirety of world media, and they decide what people may think and say from Canada to Hong Kong, only you, American citizens, can defeat them. Trump has a great quality making him fit for the task: he is impervious to labels and libels. He had been called everything in the book: anti-Semite, racist, women hater, you name it. And he still survived that flak. Such people are very rare,' writes Israel Shamir. 
Almost all presidents since Jimmy Carter have campaigned as outsiders. Reagan, Bill Clinton, Bush jr, Obama. But they were all seasoned politicians and all disappointed. 
President Trump—think: Governor Ventura 
There is a precedent of a boorish outsider, made famous and pilloried in the media, who catapulted into the political world. His name is Jesse Ventura, a former professional wrestler who served as the 38th Governor of Minnesota from 1999 to 2003. He was the first member of the Reform Party to win a major government position, now in the Independence Party of Minnesota. 
He surprised everyone with a sober, uncorrupt term in office, reforming taxation and constructing the METRO Blue Line light rail in Minneapolis–Saint Paul. He shattered the Republican-Democratic stranglehold and no one suffered. Trump has shattered it again. He makes a path open to a third party or independent candidate in the future. 
Trump's trump card 
Trump's final ad, a 2-minute masterpiece of populist rhetoric infuriated the ADL for hinting the obvious: the forces of international finance that have their own agenda for the US, behind our backs, and whose agent is/was Hillary Clinton. He depicted a 'global power structure' that is 'bleeding America dry' with horrible trade deals that enrich elites and open the gates to mass immigration. 
The people behind this globalist takeover include George Soros, Federal Reserve Chairman Janet Yellen and Goldman Sachs Chairman Lloyd Blankfein, with the implication that Clinton is their minion. 'The Clinton machine is at the center of this power structure. We've seen this first hand in the WikiLeaks documents, in which Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of US sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers, her special interest friends and her donors,' charged Trump. 
That jab alone was worth more than all of Hillary's millions spent on ads attacking him for peccadilloes. Now the intelligent Republicans are waking up. Trumps' words are branded in their minds. That alone makes the election historic. 
The ADl's slander of Trump—this ad touches on images and rhetoric that anti-Semites have used for age—merely alerted Americans to the emptiness of the 'anti-Semitic' slur. If something is true, pointing it out is not bigotry. 
Senior House deputy whip Dennis Ross of Florida lauds Trump for his known ability as negotiator. 'Sure, he might toss out statements like 'build a wall,' or 'no Muslims,' and say something sensational. But then he knows how to give in a bit and come up with a solution.' 
House Speaker Paul Ryan publicly disowned Trump during the campaign, and now has to eating crow. The closest modern comparison of an outsider president and a speaker of the same political party may be the fractious relationship during the late 1970s between Democrats President Jimmy Carter and House Speaker Tip O'Neill. Carter's team didn't have an appreciation for how the system worked in Washington and struggled to advance his agenda. 
New American ball game 
The Republican win in the Congress and Senate, with a Republican president, offers a chance to produce meaningful change. Will Trump develop more concern for the environment and work to help the millions of poor Americans who put their trust in him? He has a huge responsibility to repay his voters and give hope for reconciliation with his opponents. There is much soul searching to be done now, on both sides of the divide in American political life. 
The election represents a call to action for people to fight hard to save the environment, rebuild a county falling apart, and demand a responsible US foreign policy. 
Democracy only works when we all take part. People are awakening from their Wall St induced sleep. Look for a new 'Occupy Wall St' and peace campaigning. 
That's the bright side. Trump's policies on the Middle East and Iran are confused and incoherent. Let's hope that his friendship with Vladimir Putin portends realism, and the ability and intent to change the US imperial mindset that plagues the world. The French are just as furious with the same scenario there. Trump's victory makes a victory for the Front National' s Marine Le Pen more likely. 'The American people—free!' Le Pen tweeted as Trump's count reached the threshold of victory. 
It also gives energy to Britain's vote to leave the European Union. Protest candidates throughout Europe have gained votes and seats in many countries, and entered government coalitions in 11 Western democracies, including in Austria, Italy and Switzerland. 
This wave of protest is gathering momentum. The American people have the chance now, and the responsibility, to help shape where Trump will take his 'revolution.' Whether he can work with his foreign counterparts to create a people's 'new world order', not the one Bush Sr. promised in 1991 and that Bush Jr. failed to achieve. Foreign policy has too long been off limits, done by elites behind closed doors. 
Government has to listen to the people now, after years of passivity and policies shaped by the elite. Trump made serious promises to revitalize American. People will now hold him to them. 
Canadian Eric Walberg is known worldwide as a journalist specializing in the Middle East, Central Asia and Russia. A graduate of University of Toronto and Cambridge in economics, he has been writing on East-West relations since the 1980s. He is author of ' Postmodern Imperialism: Geopolitics and the Great Games ' and ' From Postmodernism to Postsecularism: Re-emerging Islamic Civilization .' You can reach him at ericwalberg.com .

ARTICLE

Trump's election breaks chains of political correctness By Ben Tanosborn   Ben Tanosborn 
One likely winner to come out of the 2016 US presidential election: accuracy in polling. Obviously not past but future polling! 
Donald Trump, from the start of his campaign to capture the presidency, harangued his followers during the rallies with such unrestricted language that they felt liberated, able to speak out their minds without any fear of repression or recrimination. Well, at least not in the safety and camaraderie of their rallies; although also aware that politically correct America frowned on such openness, leaving them with a bi-forked tongue when applied to people who would likely judge, or categorize them . . . and that definitely applied to pollsters. 
One suspects that as much as 10 percent of the actual Trump vote came out of what we could call correctness-hiding, making total mockery of most pollsters. As a pertinent note I might add that while a student in operations research, I had a professor (Anant Negandhi, UCLA) who then claimed that polling involving issues with sociopolitical subjectivity was for the most part worthless because of the difficulty in modeling a survey which would correctively identify and quantify both the causal and intervening variables. Over a generation later, that difficulty has not really changed; nor has the need of pollsters to make a living, which may push them to sell smoke and mirrors to a well-funded political establishment. 
My own observation in weighing the impact of Trump's campaign on his followers, most particularly those in the construction trades, has been one where from the start of the campaign, and solidly after Trump's winning the Republican candidacy, these people who had expressed racial and ethnic bias with some trepidation were now doing so with little angst, as if their speech now had society's imprimatur and they had been godfathered by Donald Trump. 
After the cataclysmic misreading by a polling industry that has reverted from a science to an art . . . lagging miles behind the weather predicting science, one would expect the rigidity of science to take a critical role. So, of necessity if wishing to survive, the entire industry must undergo a true and complete overhaul. And that would be one positive result from this election: accuracy in polling. 
Now that Trump has become president-elect, to be escorted to the White House by a Republican Congress . . . and a conservative-in-waiting Supreme Court, will the specter of political correctness exit from American life? Not likely; but rest assured that there will be a great degree of accommodation for the 26 percent of American bigoted patriots (bigopats). [Read my article of June 16, 2016: Bigopats: ' Undocumented' Largest Group in American Politics . ] 
To say that America is divided is a mini-characterization of incredible proportions that we, as a nation, will have incredible difficulty in overcoming . . . and perhaps never will. First, we must cope with the surreal realization that this United States of America isn't at all represented by Kansas being a dream away from Oz. The results from this last election have told us the naked truth about our nation; a truth that most Americans would like to keep under wraps: that more than a divided country split in two or more political camps, America is really a fallen Humpty Dumpty fragmented economically, socially, and politically in a way that it will take a Herculean effort to be able to put it back together again. An effort that requires drastic change: both political and institutional. 
Once upon a united America, we insist in telling ourselves, we were the land of promise and hope; the great experiment in humankind: economic opportunity, the American dream, the mythical melting pot, freedom, dignity and self-realization. But we seem to forget, that it was the economic wellbeing in the America of generations past that did provide the glue that kept our multi-part Humpty Dumpty (diverse America) sitting smilingly on the wall, looking condescendingly over the rest of the world. 
Globalization has melted that glue; and economic change for that symbolic American middle class, whether coming from the Right (Trump) or the Left (Sanders), is unlikely to improve their lot. But at the end of the day, neither would have that middle path that Hillary Clinton would have walked. 
The establishment Detestables have lost the Toilet Bowl to Trump's Deplorables . . . we either grin and bear it; or, for the lack of a better plan, get ourselves dirty fighting Trump's Movement . . . certifiably a bowel movement in this last Toilet Bowl. Copyright © 2016 Tanosborn 
Ben Tanosborn, columnist, poet and writer, resides in Vancouver, Washington (USA), where he is principal of a business consulting firm. Contact him at .

