ARTICLE

Ã— Log In We recommend using Facebook so we can connect you with your existing friends on Films For Action. We will never post anything without your permission. Log in with Facebook

ARTICLE

Inside the Invisible Government: John Pilger on War, Propaganda, Clinton and Trump An American chopper patrols over the skies of Baghdad. (DVIDSHUB, Flickr) By John Pilger / newmatilda.com 
The American journalist, Edward Bernays, is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. 
The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psycho-analysis, it was Bernays who coined the term 'public relations' as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. 
In 1929, he persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade '“ behaviour then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, 'Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!' 
Bernays' influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was 'engineering the consent' of people in order to 'control and regiment [them]according to our will without their knowing about it'. 
He described this as 'the true ruling power in our society' and called it an 'invisible government'. 
Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives as it does now, and to go unchallenged. 
Imagine two cities. Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. 
But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters embedded with them, who enthusiastically report their battles and air strikes. There are front page pictures of these heroic soldiers giving a V-sign for victory. There is scant mention of civilian casualties. (IMAGE: The U.S. Army, Flickr) 
In the second city '“ in another country nearby '“ almost exactly the same thing is happening. Government forces are laying siege to a city controlled by the same breed of fanatics. 
The difference is that these fanatics are supported, supplied and armed by 'us''“ by the United States and Britain. They even have a media centre that is funded by Britain and America. 
Another difference is that the government soldiers laying siege to this city are the bad guys, condemned for assaulting and bombing the city '“ which is exactly what the good soldiers do in the first city. 
Confusing? Not really. Such is the basic double standard that is the essence of propaganda. I am referring, of course, to the current siege of the city of Mosul by the government forces of Iraq, who are backed by the United States and Britain, and to the siege of Aleppo by the government forces of Syria, backed by Russia. One is good; the other is bad. 
What is seldom reported is that both cities would not be occupied by fanatics and ravaged by war if Britain and the United States had not invaded Iraq in 2003. That criminal enterprise was launched on lies strikingly similar to the propaganda that now distorts our understanding of the civil war in Syria. 
Without this drumbeat of propaganda dressed up as news, the monstrous ISIS and Al-Qaida and al-Nusra and the rest of the jihadist gang might not exist, and the people of Syria might not be fighting for their lives today. 
Some may remember in 2003 a succession of BBC reporters turning to the camera and telling us that Blair was 'vindicated' for what turned out to be the crime of the century. The US television networks produced the same validation for George W. Bush. Fox News brought on Henry Kissinger to effuse over Colin Powell's fabrications. Former US president George W Bush (IMAGE: Peter Stevens, Flickr) 
The same year, soon after the invasion, I filmed an interview in Washington with Charles Lewis, the renowned American investigative journalist. I asked him, 'What would have happened if the freest media in the world had seriously challenged what turned out to be crude propaganda?' 
He replied that if journalists had done their job, 'there is a very, very good chance we would not have gone to war in Iraq'. 
It was a shocking statement, and one supported by other famous journalists to whom I put the same question '“ Dan Rather of CBS, David Rose of the Observer and journalists and producers in the BBC, who wished to remain anonymous. 
In other words, had journalists done their job, had they challenged and investigated the propaganda instead of amplifying it, hundreds of thousands of men, women and children would be alive today, and there would be no ISIS and no siege of Aleppo or Mosul. 
There would have been no atrocity on the London Underground on 7th July 2005. There would have been no flight of millions of refugees; there would be no miserable camps. 
When the terrorist atrocity happened in Paris last November, President Francoise Hollande immediately sent planes to bomb Syria '“ and more terrorism followed, predictably, the product of Hollande's bombast about France being 'at war' and 'showing no mercy'. That state violence and jihadist violence feed off each other is the truth that no national leader has the courage to speak. 
'When the truth is replaced by silence,' said the Soviet dissident Yevtushenko, 'the silence is a lie.' 
The attack on Iraq, the attack on Libya, the attack on Syria happened because the leader in each of these countries was not a puppet of the West. The human rights record of a Saddam or a Gaddafi was irrelevant. They did not obey orders and surrender control of their country. 
The same fate awaited Slobodan Milosevic once he had refused to sign an 'agreement' that demanded the occupation of Serbia and its conversion to a market economy. His people were bombed, and he was prosecuted in The Hague. Independence of this kind is intolerable.'‹ 
As WikLeaks has revealed, it was only when the Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad in 2009 rejected an oil pipeline, running through his country from Qatar to Europe, that he was attacked. 
From that moment, the CIA planned to destroy the government of Syria with jihadist fanatics '“ the same fanatics currently holding the people of Mosul and eastern Aleppo hostage. 
Why is this not news? The former British Foreign Office official Carne Ross, who was responsible for operating sanctions against Iraq, told me: 'We would feed journalists factoids of sanitised intelligence, or we would freeze them out. That is how it worked.' 
The West's medieval client, Saudi Arabia '“ to which the US and Britain sell billions of dollars' worth of arms '“ is at present destroying Yemen, a country so poor that in the best of times, half the children are malnourished. 
Look on YouTube and you will see the kind of massive bombs '“'our' bombs '“ that the Saudis use against dirt-poor villages, and against weddings, and funerals. 
The explosions look like small atomic bombs. The bomb aimers in Saudi Arabia work side-by-side with British officers. This fact is not on the evening news. 
Propaganda is most effective when our consent is engineered by those with a fine education '“ Oxford, Cambridge, Harvard, Columbia '“ and with careers on the BBC, the Guardia n, the New York Times , the Washington Post . 
These organisations are known as the liberal media. They present themselves as enlightened, progressive tribunes of the moral zeitgeist. They are anti-racist, pro-feminist and pro-LGBT. 
And they love war. 
While they speak up for feminism, they support rapacious wars that deny the rights of countless women, including the right to life. 
In 2011, Libya, then a modern state, was destroyed on the pretext that Muammar Gaddafi was about to commit genocide on his own people. That was the incessant news; and there was no evidence. It was a lie. An anti-Gaddafi rally, Libya 2011. (IMAGE: mojomogwai , Flickr) 
In fact, Britain, Europe and the United States wanted what they like to call 'regime change' in Libya, the biggest oil producer in Africa. Gaddafi's influence in the continent and, above all, his independence were intolerable. 
So he was murdered with a knife in his rear by fanatics, backed by America, Britain and France. Hillary Clinton cheered his gruesome death for the camera, declaring, 'We came, we saw, he died!' 
The destruction of Libya was a media triumph. As the war drums were beaten, Jonathan Freedland wrote in the Guardian : 'Though the risks are very real, the case for intervention remains strong.' 
Intervention '“ what a polite, benign, Guardian word, whose real meaning, for Libya, was death and destruction. 
According to its own records, Nato launched 9,700 'strike sorties' against Libya, of which more than a third were aimed at civilian targets. They included missiles with uranium warheads. Look at the photographs of the rubble of Misurata and Sirte, and the mass graves identified by the Red Cross. The Unicef report on the children killed says, 'most [of them]under the age of 10'. 
As a direct consequence, Sirte became the capital of ISIS. 
Ukraine is another media triumph. Respectable liberal newspapers such as the New York Times , the Washington Post and the Guardian , and mainstream broadcasters such as the BBC, NBC, CBS, CNN have played a critical role in conditioning their viewers to accept a new and dangerous cold war. 
All have misrepresented events in Ukraine as a malign act by Russia when, in fact, the coup in Ukraine in 2014 was the work of the United States, aided by Germany and Nato. 
This inversion of reality is so pervasive that Washington's military intimidation of Russia is not news; it is suppressed behind a smear and scare campaign of the kind I grew up with during the first cold war. Once again, the Ruskies are coming to get us, led by another Stalin, whom The Economist depicts as the devil. 
The suppression of the truth about Ukraine is one of the most complete news blackouts I can remember. The fascists who engineered the coup in Kiev are the same breed that backed the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941. Of all the scares about the rise of fascist anti-Semitism in Europe, no leader ever mentions the fascists in Ukraine '“ except Vladimir Putin, but he does not count.'‹ Russian president Vladimir Putin. (IMAGE: IoSonoUnaFotoCamera, Flickr) 
Many in the Western media have worked hard to present the ethnic Russian-speaking population of Ukraine as outsiders in their own country, as agents of Moscow, almost never as Ukrainians seeking a federation within Ukraine and as Ukrainian citizens resisting a foreign-orchestrated coup against their elected government. 
There is almost the joie d'esprit of a class reunion of warmongers. The drum-beaters of the Washington Post inciting war with Russia are the very same editorial writers who published the lie that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. 
To most of us, the American presidential campaign is a media freak show, in which Donald Trump is the arch villain. 
But Trump is loathed by those with power in the United States for reasons that have little to do with his obnoxious behaviour and opinions. To the invisible government in Washington, the unpredictable Trump is an obstacle to America's design for the 21st century. 
This is to maintain the dominance of the United States and to subjugate Russia, and, if possible, China. 
To the militarists in Washington, the real problem with Trump is that, in his lucid moments, he seems not to want a war with Russia; he wants to talk with the Russian president, not fight him; he says he wants to talk with the president of China. 
In the first debate with Hillary Clinton, Trump promised not to be the first to introduce nuclear weapons into a conflict. He said, 'I would certainly not do first strike. Once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over.' That was not news. 
Did he really mean it? Who knows? He often contradicts himself. But what is clear is that Trump is considered a serious threat to the status quo maintained by the vast national security machine that runs the United States, regardless of who is in the White House. 
The CIA wants him beaten. The Pentagon wants him beaten. The media wants him beaten. Even his own party wants him beaten. He is a threat to the rulers of the world '“ unlike Clinton who has left no doubt she is prepared to go to war with nuclear-armed Russia and China. US Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump. (IMAGE: Gage Skidmore, Flickr) 
Clinton has the form, as she often boasts. Indeed, her record is proven. As a senator, she backed the bloodbath in Iraq. When she ran against Obama in 2008, she threatened to 'totally obliterate' Iran. As Secretary of State, she colluded in the destruction of governments in Libya and Honduras and set in train the baiting of China. 
She has now pledged to support a No Fly Zone in Syria '” a direct provocation for war with Russia. Clinton may well become the most dangerous president of the United States in my lifetime '“a distinction for which the competition is fierce. 
Without a shred of evidence, she has accused Russia of supporting Trump and hacking her emails. Released by WikiLeaks, these emails tell us that what Clinton says in private, in speeches to the rich and powerful, is the opposite of what she says in public. 
That is why silencing and threatening Julian Assange is so important. As the editor of WikiLeaks, Assange knows the truth. And let me assure those who are concerned, he is well, and WikiLeaks is operating on all cylinders. 
Today, the greatest build-up of American-led forces since World War Two is under way '“ in the Caucasus and eastern Europe, on the border with Russia, and in Asia and the Pacific, where China is the target. 
Keep that in mind when the presidential election circus reaches its finale on November 8th, If the winner is Clinton, a Greek chorus of witless commentators will celebrate her coronation as a great step forward for women. None will mention Clinton's victims: the women of Syria, the women of Iraq, the women of Libya. None will mention the civil defence drills being conducted in Russia. None will recall Edward Bernays''torches of freedom'. Democratic presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton. (IMAGE: iprimages , Flickr) 
George Bush's press spokesman once called the media 'complicit enablers'. 
Coming from a senior official in an administration whose lies, enabled by the media, caused such suffering, that description is a warning from history. 
In 1946, the Nuremberg Tribunal prosecutor said of the German media: 'Before every major aggression, they initiated a press campaign calculated to weaken their victims and to prepare the German people psychologically for the attack. In the propaganda system, it was the daily press and the radio that were the most important weapons.' 
This is adapted from an address to the Sheffield Festival of Words, Sheffield, England. JohnPilger.com '“ the films and journalism of John Pilge 3.5 Â·

ARTICLE

Share on Facebook Tweet 
Join Leonardo DiCaprio as he explores the topic of climate change, and discovers what must be done today to prevent catastrophic disruption of life on our planet. 
Before the Flood, directed by Fisher Stevens, captures a three-year personal journey alongside Academy Award-winning actor and U.N. Messenger of Peace Leonardo DiCaprio as he interviews individuals from every facet of society in both developing and developed nations who provide unique, impassioned and pragmatic views on what must be done today and in the future to prevent catastrophic disruption of life on our planet. [watch video below]

ARTICLE

Donate Remember This When You Talk About Standing Rock Dan Nanamkin during the treaty camp's confrontation with militarized police force on Thursday afternoon. Photo by Adam Alexander Johansson. By Kelly Hayes / yesmagazine.org 
This piece is very personal because, as an Indigenous woman, my analysis is very personal, as is the analysis that my friends on the frontlines have shared with me. We obviously can't speak for everyone involved, as Native beliefs and perspectives are as diverse as the convictions of any people. But as my friends hold strong on the frontlines of Standing Rock, and I watch transfixed with both pride and worry, we feel the need to say a few things. 
I've been in and out of communication with my friends at Standing Rock all day. As you might imagine, as much as they don't want me to worry, it's pretty hard for them to stay in touch. I asked if there was anything they wanted me to convey on social media, as most of them are maintaining a very limited presence on such platforms. The following is my best effort to summarize what they had to say, and to chime in with a few corresponding thoughts of my own. 
It is crucial that people recognize that Standing Rock is part of an ongoing struggle against colonial violence. #NoDAPL is a front of struggle in a long-erased war against Native peoples '” a war that has been active since first contact, and waged without interruption. Our efforts to survive the conditions of this anti-Native society have gone largely unnoticed because white supremacy is the law of the land, and because we, as Native people, have been pushed beyond the limits of public consciousness. 
The fact that we are more likely to be killed by law enforcement than any other group speaks to the fact that Native erasure is ubiquitous, both culturally and literally, but pushed from public view. Our struggles intersect with numerous others, but are perpetrated with different motives and intentions. Anti-Blackness, for example, is a performative enforcement of structural power, whereas the violence against us is a matter of pragmatism. The struggle at Standing Rock is an effort to prevent the construction of a deadly, destructive mechanism, created by greed-driven people with no regard for our lives. It has always been this way. We die, and have died, for the sake of expansion and white wealth, and for the maintenance of both. 
The harms committed against us have long been relegated to the history books. This erasure has occurred for the sake of both white supremacy and US mythology, such as American exceptionalism. It has also been perpetuated to sustain the comfort of those who benefit from harms committed against us. Our struggles have been kept both out of sight and out of mind '” easily forgotten by those who aren't directly impacted. 
It should be clear to everyone that we are not simply here in those rare moments when others bear witness. 
To reiterate (what should be obvious): We are not simply here when you see us. 
We have always been here, fighting for our lives, surviving colonization, and that reality is rarely acknowledged. Even people who believe in freedom frequently overlook our issues, as well as the intersections of their issues with our own. It matters that more of the world is bearing witness in this historic moment, but we feel the need to point out that the dialogue around #NoDAPL has become extremely climate oriented. Yes, there is an undeniable connectivity between this front of struggle and the larger fight to combat climate change. We fully recognize that all of humanity is at risk of extinction, whether they realize it or not. But intersectionality does not mean focusing exclusively on the intersections of our respective work. 
It sometimes means taking a journey well outside the bounds of those intersections. 
In discussing #NoDAPL, too few people have started from a place of naming that we have a right to defend our water and our lives, simply because we have a natural right to defend ourselves and our communities. When 'climate justice', in a very broad sense, becomes the center of conversation, our fronts of struggle are often reduced to a staging ground for the messaging of NGOs. 
This is happening far too frequently in public discussion of #NoDAPL. 
Yes, everyone should be talking about climate change, but you should also be talking about the fact that Native communities deserve to survive, because our lives are worth defending in their own right '” not simply because 'this affects us all.' 
So when you talk about Standing Rock, please begin by acknowledging that this pipeline was redirected from an area where it was most likely to impact white people. And please remind people that our people are struggling to survive the violence of colonization on many fronts, and that people shouldn't simply engage with or retweet such stories when they see a concrete connection to their own issues '” or a jumping off point to discuss their own issues. Our friends, allies and accomplices should be fighting alongside us because they value our humanity and right to live, in addition to whatever else they believe in. 
Every Native at Standing Rock '” every Native on this continent '” has survived the genocide of a hundred million of our people. That means that every Indigenous child born is a victory against colonialism, but we are all born into a fight for our very existence. We need that to be named and centered, which is a courtesy we are rarely afforded. 
This message is not a condemnation. It's an ask. 
We are asking that you help ensure that dialogue around this issue begins with and centers a discussion of anti-Native violence and policies, no matter what other connections you might ultimately make, because those discussions simply don't happen in this country. There obviously aren't enough people talking about climate change, but there are even fewer people '” and let's be real, far fewer people '” discussing the various forms of violence we are up against, and acting in solidarity with us. And while such discussions have always been deserved, we are living in a moment when Native water protectors and water warriors have more than earned both acknowledgement and solidarity. 
So if you have been with us in this fight, we appreciate you. But we are reaching out, right now, in these brave days for our people, and asking that you keep the aforementioned truths front and center as you discuss this effort. This moment is, first and foremost, about Native liberation, self determination and Native survival. That needs to be centered and celebrated. 
Thanks, 
K and friends 
Kelly Hayes is a direct action trainer and a co-founder of The Chicago Light Brigade and the direct action collective Lifted Voices. She blogs at TransformativeSpaces.org , where this article originally appeared, about U.S. movements and her work as an organizer against state violence. 4.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Best of Luck With the Wall Share on Facebook Tweet 
A voyage across the US-Mexico border, stitched together from 200,000 satellite images. Directed by Josh Begley. Read more here . [watch video below]

ARTICLE

The Powerful Words of John Trudell Ring Out Over Standing Rock Share on Facebook Tweet The words of John Trudell, who walked on late last year, ring out in this video by filmmakers Heather Rae, Cody Lucich and Ben Dupris, who recently spent time with the water protectors near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation who are trying to stop the Dakota Access oil pipeline's proposed route under the Missouri River. His words, delivered in the 1980 speech We Are Power, are even more... read more 
The words of John Trudell, who walked on late last year, ring out in this video by filmmakers Heather Rae, Cody Lucich and Ben Dupris, who recently spent time with the water protectors near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation who are trying to stop the Dakota Access oil pipeline's proposed route under the Missouri River. His words, delivered in the 1980 speech We Are Power , are even more prophetic in the wake of the destruction of sacred burial grounds and the use of dogs and pepper spray against those who tried to stop it. 
'The brutality of the American corporate state way of life is nothing more than violence and repression, and it has nothing to do with power,' Trudell's voice says. 'It is brutality. It's a lack of a sane balance.' 
Rae, who produced and directed the 2005 Sundance Film Festival documentary selection Trudell , teamed up with Lucich and Dupris and posted this on the Sundance Institute's website. They graciously shared this, their footage of the movement against the Dakota Access Pipeline, with Indian Country Today Media Network . [watch video below]

ARTICLE

Donate The American Way: Socialism for the Rich, Free Enterprise for the Rest 'It is political decisions, not invisible hands, that dictate the functioning of the market.' (Photo: Fed Up/Steve McFarland Photography) By Jake Johnson / commondreams.org 
While it's not entirely clear who coined the phrase "socialism for the rich, free enterprise for the rest," its ability to provoke '” and, more importantly, to describe '” is beyond question. 
There are numerous variations on the saying , but each articulates a reality of which we are all, in some way, aware: The bankers who wrecked the economy, for instance, understood that they would be subjected to a different set of rules than those they were scamming with subprime mortgages . While the former have enjoyed the fruits of a bailout and an uneven recovery , those deeply harmed by the crash have struggled to regain anything resembling stability. 
Matt Taibbi has termed this systemic disparity " the divide "'” and as the divide between the rich and the poor, between the influential and the voiceless, expands, the economic order morphs to fit the resulting power dynamic. 
Thanks to Citizens United and other Supreme Court decisions that have vanquished the firewall that previously separated '” however tenuously and ineffectively '” corporations from the political process, the "winners" have been able to seamlessly convert their tremendous wealth into tremendous political influence. As recent scholarship has demonstrated, they usually get what they want. 
To call this socialism for the rich is to say that those at the top of the income distribution accrue all of the benefits and sympathies of the state, including, of course, a robust welfare apparatus . Their relationship with the state, furthermore, is effectively democratic; the views of the wealthiest are reflected in public policy. 
Those outside of this privileged class, meanwhile, are forced to endure the strictures of market discipline; when they face difficult circumstances, they are lectured , not assisted. Their views are not permitted to influence public policy; they suffer what they must. 
What does such a state of affairs mean for the prospects of those struggling for a more egalitarian future ? The title, as well as the substance, of economist Dean Baker's latest book does much to diagnose the severity of the problems progressive and radical movements face, even if it doesn't fully answer the question. 
In Rigged: How Globalization and the Rules of the Modern Economy Were Structured to Make the Rich Richer , as in his other work, Baker doesn't tiptoe, nor does he resort to jargon when plain language will do. He comes right out with it: The rich have rigged the economy, and we're all paying for it. 
In the age of Piketty '” and, indeed, in the age of Bernie Sanders, whose presidential campaign brought the notion of a rigged economy to the national stage '” this is not a particularly radical claim, but it has radical implications. It suggests, in short, what we already know: That far from advocating hands-off government, the rich simply want to have their own hands, and no one else's, on the rule-making apparatus. It appears that they have achieved this goal. 
George Orwell once observed that "economic laws do not operate in the same way as the law of gravity"; that is, in effect, the central point of Baker's study. There is nothing natural about the upward redistribution of wealth we have seen over the last several decades, nor is such redistribution the result of any mystical forces beyond our comprehension or control. 
Rather, as Baker makes clear, the rules were written with this end in mind. 
"The gainers in the top 1 percent," he writes, "have structured the market over the last four decades in ways that increase their share of income." 
Systematically, Baker lays out the ways in which the wealthy are simultaneously shielded from the worst of globalization and lavished with the spoils. 
Much of the professional class, he observes, has not faced the competition that has so ravaged blue-collar workers in the United States: American doctors, for instance, have not been forced to compete with the doctors of India or Western Europe, who earn far less . The result is "bloated" incomes for American doctors '” and the same is true of lawyers, dentists, and, indeed, the very pundits who "earn comfortable six-figure salaries" while "remarking on the narrow-mindedness and sense of entitlement of manufacturing workers." Meanwhile, wages remain stagnant for everyone else . 
That high-income professionals are protected from competition "has nothing to do with the inherent dynamics of globalization: it is about the differences in the power of these groups." 
"Bloated," also, is the pay of CEOs , which is determined not by "market forces" or by performance , but by a board of directors who, Baker notes, have "little incentive to hold down pay." 
"Directors are more closely tied to top management than to the shareholders they are supposed to represent," Baker adds, and they "are almost never voted out by shareholders for their lack of attention to the job or for incompetence. The market discipline that holds down the pay of ordinary workers does not apply to CEOs, since their friends determine their pay." 
Baker points also to the "government-granted monopolies"'” patents and copyright protections '” that "impose substantial costs on the public." As recent scandals have made clear, this is particularly the case in the pharmaceutical industry. 
"In the case of prescription drugs alone the cost is in the neighborhood of $380 billion a year (equal to 2.0 percent of GDP)," Baker observes. "Washington is filled with politicians and organizations that hyperventilate about government debt and the burden it imposes on our children, but they ignore the burdens imposed by patent and copyright monopolies granted by the government." 
In short, it is political decisions, not invisible hands, that dictate the functioning of the market. And from trade policy designed for the benefit of capital and rich nations to the rapid deregulation and growth of the financial sector, these political decisions have disproportionately rewarded economic elites at everyone else's expense. 
Baker's analysis provides much reason for pessimism: Wealth and political power are concentrated to such an extent that it will be difficult to force systemic change. It is unsurprising, then, that Baker qualifies his own proposals '” from a move toward full employment to taxation of financial transactions '” with the refrain, "this is not likely to happen anytime soon," given the power of those who benefit from the maintenance of the status quo. 
But implicit is also reason for hope: That such concentration of economic and political power is not a natural state of affairs means that it can be radically altered. 
"Neither God nor nature hands us a worked-out set of rules determining the way property relations are defined, contracts are enforced, or macroeconomic policy is implemented," Baker writes. "These matters are determined by policy choices. The elites have written these rules to redistribute income upward." 
The rules, in short, can be rewritten in such a way that promotes the spread of wealth and resources '” obscene inequality can be overcome. But Baker is an economist, not a polemicist: Thus it is unsurprising that the words "class struggle" do not make an appearance in his study. 
It is perfectly clear, however, that class struggle must be central to the fight for a fundamentally different set of rules: The rich have for decades waged unrelenting class war, and the consequences have been staggering. The mere extraction of concessions from above will not be enough to slacken the power the wealthiest have over the political process. 
"If we are going to change directions," notes sociologist Beverly Silver, "it's going to have to come from a mass political movement, rather than something coming out of capital itself." 
Thomas Ferguson , the Director of Research at the Institute for New Economic Thinking, largely agrees with this sentiment; systemic change will take an "uprising on the scale of the New Deal at least," he told me in an email, "combined with some fissures within business, as in that earlier period." 
Baker's analysis clearly interprets the economic context in which we find ourselves, and it is a context dictated by economic elites. "Well, of course it's an oligarchy," Ferguson told me when I asked him about the popular characterization of the United States as a representative democracy, despite the torrent of corporate money that has for decades flooded the coffers of both major political parties."The democratic element is vanishingly small at this point." 
But the point of economic analysis, to adopt Marx's famous saying , is not merely to interpret the world in which we live, but also to change it. To do so, the reasonable proposals offered by Baker must be accompanied by mass politics of the kind Sanders embraced and harnessed to great effect. It must be a politics devoid of the delusions fostered by what Matt Karp has called " fortress liberalism ": The notion that change trickles down from benevolent leaders. 
It's easy to be dismissive of mass movements, given the strength of the opposition: Far from diminishing under the weight of their own self-produced crises, major corporations continue to expand in both size and influence, making democratic action difficult. 
"But let's not get too gloomy," Ferguson urged. "If you told me two years ago that Bernie Sanders would get hundreds of thousands of votes in many states and win many caucuses against Hillary Clinton, I'd have said you were dreaming." 
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License 
Jake Johnson is an independent writer. Follow him on Twitter: @wordsofdissent 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

By Ann Deslandes / thevocal.com.au 
The feminist and feminist-adjacent internet had a mild implosion in February in response to an article by Canadian organiser, writer, and college professor Nora Samaran (a pseudonym). Titled 'The opposite of rape culture is nurturance culture' , Samaran proposes that the solution to rape culture and other manifestations of gendered abuse lies in the inverse of violence, which she says is nurturance '“ that is,a deep capacity to create safety and trust that many men are not permitted to develop in patriarchal culture. Patriarchal masculinity, as Samaran observes, teaches men that healthy attachment needs, such as attunement, comfort and responsiveness, or emotional availability are weak and wrong. As such, men become 'less able to experience women as whole beings', and are 'less able to make sense of their own needs'. So, as Samaran argues, if men can work together to connect with their capacity to nurture and teach each other the skills and qualities of 'healthy attachment', violence against women and non-binary folks might be turned around to its opposite: nurturance. 
As a proposed antidote to rape culture (most recently, most painfully highlighted by the now-viral letter written by the victim of barely-convicted rapist Brock Allen Turner), Nurturance Culture (short title) has been welcomed, argued over, and extended in multiple corners of the social web (and wept over by the MRA ones, natch). 300,000 people from almost every country in the world read the piece in the first week it was posted, and it has been translated into Spanish and Portuguese with more languages likely to come. This is particularly remarkable because Nurturance Culture is not your typical punchy, between-the-eyes manifesto that is easily parsed through social media channels '“ it's long; it draws from fields as diverse as neuroscience, psychology, racial justice, cultural theory, and science fiction; and it is concerned with no less than the deep, structural transformation of heteropatriarchal gendered culture. 
When I interviewed Samaran via Skype last month, she suggested that the length and depth of the piece might actually be the reason it had such an impact. In her words, 'the piece seems to have resonated so deeply because it combines current knowledge about the brain and nervous system with an analysis of power'. And, she observes, this kind of thinking is becoming quietly more common. 'It seems to me that for those who are paying attention, we are shifting away from cultures of dominance. While on the surface we live in very violent times and so much seems so hopeless, underneath there is a kind of tapping into a vast and deep reservoir of purpose and hope. When you begin to pay attention, you feel and see it emerging on many different fronts seemingly simultaneously. Even in very traditional places this change is happening; we see it in climate scientists beginning to legitimise considering feelings as important sources of information , or the field of medicine beginning to grapple with the possibility of a shared consciousness , it's happening in so many very significant places seemingly independently, such as Black Lives Matter , Indigenous resurgence happening across Turtle Island , the radical mental health movement in work such as The Icarus Project '¦ so much is arising against different forms of dominance simultaneously and it feels like rigid masculinity is one of those forms and is connected to all the others.' 
As Nurturance Culture gained traction, Samaran began inviting people to submit their own descriptions of what the 'nurturance' she is proposing looks like, which resulted in dozens of stories of husbands, boyfriends, lovers, friends, brothers, and fathers showing the kind of dependable love and intimate care that is indeed the opposite of hurting, hitting, bashing and raping. This included responses from men keen to share their understanding of the skills of nurturance, such as this one: 
'For at least a little while, especially when someone you are with is in need of nurture, let go of your own needs and desires. What does that mean? It means stop thinking about anything related to yourself: how you feel, what you need, what you think is best. Just listen and listen very closely. Try to imagine what it must be like to be this other person: absorb everything you know about their history and experiences and try to embody these. Listen to what they are saying, and repeat it back to them in order to clarify whether or not you've actually absorbed the essential meaning of what they are communicating to you.' 
Responses like this reflects one of Samaran's intentions for the piece '“ in her words, 'for men to teach one another what they are currently learning individually from women about how to be nurturing'. Samaran notes there were unforeseen responses too, such as those who 'interpreted the piece to mean that men should love and nurture and bond with one another ' . On the one hand, 'men connecting more with other men in a way that skips nurturing women entirely is not really my goal'¦. I've even seen all-male panels on masculine nurturance culture!' she laughs. Still, she adds, 'I think this piece cracked open an existing profound desire among men to be able to get closer to one another. And that is beautiful '“ men want to love each other, to nurture each other, and they don't feel allowed. That's one of the big things I hear is being discussed when this piece is used in workshops and discussion groups and conference panels. I just hope they do it in ways that grow their love and capacity to be nurturing to the women and non-binary folks in their lives '“ not just to strengthen masculine bonds.' Moreover, the answer to the question 'Nurturance is'¦.' must amount to something more than just 'not raping or assaulting', Samaran adds. 'I'm saying that 'nurturance is about learning how to make someone feel safe. I'm saying that it is totally ok to be honest and speak without shame of what we do and don't know, but social scripts about masculinity put a lot of pressure on men to never admit when they don't know something. It's completely ok to say 'hey I don't know how to be a safe man, a safe male presence in women's lives''“ because that is about a lot more than just not raping, it is about creating safe connection and spaces in which women and non-binary folks can heal from the massive gendered violence we experience. And, it is about recognising that men need to do this work and teach it to each other because we are already so exhausted from doing it.' 
According to Samaran, another critical aspect of Nurturance Culture that people have responded to is its discussion of shame: 'On the surface, the shame over not being able to provide what someone needs is massive, and apparently that's a big thing for men. However, underneath, there is a complex operation of shame going on in masculinity. If you have shamed yourself for having perfectly normal needs, you may not realise that you are doing so, and instead may perceive those same needs as shameful when they appear in other people. You may then actively shame people when they express those same normal needs you have internalised as shameful for yourself. So let's say you learned very early on that needing to be held tenderly and gazed upon lovingly is shameful. You put it away, and can't access it or even remember it. When someone you are lovers with has that very normal and healthy need, instead of comforting her appropriately, you may treat her as shameful and confusing, or become angry and withdrawn, and then blame her for this tension by calling her 'needy' or 'unreasonable''“ when really it is your own denied need that you are seeing. If you can recognise nurturance needs as completely normal and healthy, you can get your own denied needs met, and also respond in a good way to the needs of a lover, partner, or close friend. Ironically, guilt and shame can be paralysing and can prevent emotional maturity from emerging. We really do need to understand how to work to reduce shame and guilt and increase our culture's ability to let people be vulnerable. I'm interested in how we create a culture that is safe enough that vulnerability and being completely accepted as our whole selves is taken as a matter of course, as a strength, as a normal part of daily life, not just in our families but in our society across the board. That is how we will move away from shame and guilt and towards accountability and love.' 
Considering Australia's current crisis of violence against women, I asked Samaran about the role of public, government-sponsored campaigns like 'The Line' aimed at raising awareness amongst young people about consent and the impact of intimate partner violence, and the rollout of relationships education in schools where students learn about respectful relationships. Can measures like this complement or help build a nurturance culture? 'Sure', she replied. 'Mainstream media and the education system are both central in raising young people so these programs are helpful. Still, programs like the ones you describe are not enough '“ they're not a replacement for the daily, intimate work of building a culture that does the opposite of harm. Programs like this are resources, but let's not overlook where the learning really comes from '“ it is deep cultural change we need, and schools can be slow to change.' In this vein, Samaran also encourages readers to consider characters and plots that demonstrate nurturance in popular culture and in existing social movements primarily led by Black and Indigenous people of colour who are creating the world we want to see: 'when thinking about huge social problems like men's violence, it's so important to think about what the world we want could look like, and where it already looks more like what we want.' 
Ann Deslandes is a freelance writer and researcher. Tweet her at @Ann_dLandes and read her other writing at xterrafirma.net . 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Why You Should Stop Apologizing for Doing All That You Can Illustration by Kim Ryu By Kelly Hayes / transformativespaces.org 
I've noticed lately that lot of allies and accomplices I talk to about NoDAPL and other struggles will name what they are trying to contribute to the cause, and then promptly apologize that they can't do more. Often, the apologies seem perfunctory, or even insincere, but sometimes, they seem quite heartfelt. Personally, I deal with enough ideological tourists and movement loitering to feel a little sad when good people are doing good things, and feeling shitty about themselves anyway. 
Maybe they don't realize how many people applaud themselves for 'standing on the right side of history,' as though reading an article or a book, and figuring out where to 'stand,' is how one affects the course of history. 
Or perhaps they just don't know how to appreciate themselves '” or have even been taught not to. 
So I just want to say to everyone '” whether you see yourself as an ally, accomplice or frontline struggler: 
If you are really doing all that you can, you have nothing to apologize for. 
Because if you are really and truly doing all that you can, you're actually setting a pretty high standard for the rest of us. 
And if you are really and truly doing all that you can, you should appreciate that about yourself, and allow yourself to be appreciated by others. Because as simple as it may sound, it's often hard for us to internalize the fact that, on the scale of what we can all contribute, all you can is actually everything. 
If you're accustomed to selling yourself short, that may seem a little grandiose, so let's vision this through for a moment: 
Can you imagine how much closer to free we could get if everyone really did all that they could '” within their own capacity, without martyring themselves in a heap of burnout? 
What would it look like? 
What could we build? 
I think some of us have seen snapshots of what that could look like, in moments of consuming, fast-paced community collaboration, where we had to take care of each other to sustain community, and the work. But those breakneck sprints of action and inspiration, and the community-care triage that they necessitate, are not a model for day-to-day living. Because that intensity burns out. A broad, sustainable vision '” and a simple one really '” of community where everyone who claims to care passionately about a thing simply does all they can, and does their best'¦ that's obviously a dream that's still under construction. 
When we think about what obstacles impede that dream, we might first think of the internal failings of individuals: apathy, selfishness, etc. But what informs these tendencies? Is it possible that we are taught that some contributions are too small to matter, and that some are so great that they'll make all the difference? Are we caught in a mythology where we are deemed either heroic or insignificant? 
The idea that heroic individuals somehow marshal their talents, and resources (hello, Batman), to liberate the masses has, to put it mildly, an oppressive functionality. If internalized, it has the potential to shorten our social and political reach, due to our own self obsession. In movement building, we learn that heroic communities, rather than heroic individuals, propel our freedom dreams. Such communities are made up of people of all capacities, who bravely and lovingly do all they can. 
Respecting our differing capacities is part of taking care of each other, and personally, I want to live in world where we honor each other's contributions, celebrate one another, and love and care for each other. 
So the bottom line here is: Be glad to acknowledge that you do all you can. 
Let's not teach others, who might take an interest in movement work, that feelings of insufficiency and guilt are the inevitable consequences of those efforts. We can be humble without erasing or diminishing ourselves. We can tell people what it means to us to do what we can, and we can discuss the different shapes that can take '” and how fulfilling it can be. 
If you're reading this and thing to yourself, 'Well, I really could do a lot more,' you could be right. I don't know your story, or who depends on you, what your health is like or what resources you have to give. But if you think you have more to offer, don't approach those efforts from a place of guilt '” because as you may have noticed, the guilt of the privileged has never gotten anyone free. 
So take joy in sharing your efforts and ideas with others. Celebrate what it means to be a resistor acting in defense of your community, or acting in solidarity with others. And if you're a white accomplice, appreciate what it means to be a full-fledged traitor to white supremacy. Because that's a beautiful thing and worth smiling about. 
I'm not saying we should gloss over the messes we make and wade through in our organizing spaces. As communities, we need to be real about the rough places movement work can go '” especially when discussing the structural oppressions we replicate in our own spaces. But we also need to feel right about the things we deserve to feel right about, and to remind each other of that. 
If your goal is to be enough to put right everything that's wrong, you will never be enough. But if your goal is to build a culture and a community that upends its oppressions, then the best you've got '” the best that a whole lot of us have got '” is exactly what it's going to take. 
It's easy to tell people not to burn out, but I think it sometimes helps to think of movements as larger forces of nature '” as constellations of actions, movements, stories and freedom fighters. There are all kinds of action-takers who show us what the pursuit of freedom looks like. 
So just do your best today, and do it again tomorrow, and feel right about that. Because together, we will get there. 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

I Lived in a 38-Person Co-Op in San Francisco, and so Can You The joy and practice of learning to share By Tommy Alexander / thebolditalic.com Community living is blossoming in 21st-century San Francisco. This trend exists at the confluence of diverse historical narratives: the free-love and experimental ethos of the hippie movement, the casual opulence of the city's Victorian-era homes and the earnest audacity of start-up culture. These are co-ops where programmers and cooks rub shoulders with artists and teachers, where the phrase 'love and gratitude' is used as a casual valediction, and where globally minded innovators are working to develop replicable models for urban shared living. I live in a 13-person co-op in a big old house near the apex of Ashbury Street. Up here in the fog between the hills and the sky, we are sharing a fundamental human experience: a sense of belonging and collaborative meaning-making that can be difficult to find in modern urban society. These choices may seem unconventional, but they have enabled us to forge a meaningful, creative and affordable existence amid the hectic, electric bustle of our context. My housemates and I share food, resources and vision. We cook together; we clean together; and we meet regularly to discuss our mutual stake in this community. Some of us work nine-to-five office jobs; some of us work on nights and weekends; and others work primarily from home '” so we use Slack, the messaging app, to stay on the same page. We keep records of logistical information on a Google Drive, and we manage our common-pool funds in a shared bank account. We make group decisions using a combination of consensus and do-ocracy . There are jams and sharing circles as well as neighborhood-focused events, potlucks, talks and the occasional party '” and we must communicate thoughtfully with each other to make sure that everyone's needs are met. These choices may seem unconventional, but they have enabled us to forge a meaningful, creative and affordable existence amid the hectic, electric bustle of our context. I'm aware that the concept of communal living carries cultural baggage. When I speak to friends and family who haven't experienced anything quite like this, they invariably draw comparisons to communes and college dorms. Those are communities, too, but the vast spectrum of human collectivism is far more multifaceted than these few common examples might imply. It is natural to process new phenomena in terms of what we know, but it is also important to understand that each community is a unique collection of individuals. I've met a great many bright, passionate and reasonable people who have elected to pool resources with each other, and it looks a little bit different each time. There is no singular 'type' of person that benefits most from shared living. Each day, I awoke with a visceral sense of belonging. As for me, I arrived in San Francisco in June of 2015. I had just landed my first full-time writing job out of college. I grew up in hot, flat San Jose in the sprawling, suburban shadow of 'the city,' and some yearning part of me had always identified more with the foggy peninsula than the sunny valley. I was coming here alone, and I knew that I wanted to move in with a group of people. I answered a Craigslist ad, filled out an online application and underwent a series of casual phone interviews '” and there I was on the doorstep of a 24-person co-op that spanned the lower two floors of a four-story walk-up on the north side of Alamo Square. For the first few weeks, I felt that my social capacity was being worn down to a nub: there were so many new faces; there was so much happening all the time; and I was always a step behind. The people were warm and welcoming, however, and their home became my home. Within the month, the lease was up, and the community disbanded due to a difference in vision between the two cofounders. The members were variously scattered across the city and the East Bay. I joined a wave of 38 people who were moving into a 10-bedroom, four-story Victorian mansion around the block. The founders called it Chateau Ubuntu, for the Bantu word that roughly translates to 'I am human because you are human.' On July 1, I found myself sleeping in a bunk bed in a large third-floor master bedroom with five other people, four chandeliers and a fireplace topped by a marble relief of three nude nymphs. I lived in that room for nine months '” a gestation '” and my experience became a fascinating journey through the building blocks of humanity. I discovered that community is a synecdoche for society, and that any human system is just a web of agreements. I learned what it takes to keep a co-living unit afloat amid the various logistical necessities of city living: the rent, the utilities, the food, the facilities and how to facilitate the needs and wants of 38 unique individuals. I radically challenged my preconceptions about sharing space, time and resources. I fell deeply in love, and I found confidence in my art. Each day, I awoke with a visceral sense of belonging. To the uninitiated, a 38-person community living so densely in a single home often comes across as mad. In the act, however, it felt as though nothing could be more natural. There were deep and frustrating downsides, of course: high membership turnover, too little privacy and some unresolved interpersonal tensions. We were rarely able to wrangle a meaningful consensus, with so many people constantly in and out. Yet the physical closeness, coupled with a culture of radical acceptance, fostered perhaps the most warm and loving community of humans that I have ever experienced. For every serious meeting or disagreement, there was a 'cuddle puddle,' a 'gratitude circle,' an impromptu jam session or a big shared meal. Eventually, I burned out on the sheer density of Chateau Ubuntu. I needed a smaller and less socially absorptive environment in which to create more intention around my work, my art, my life and my love. I needed space to think. Along with a few friends, my partner and I left Chateau Ubuntu to cofound a new, smaller community: our current home, Chaortica . We remain connected to a colorful coalition of other communities in the greater Haight-Ashbury area and beyond, including Ubuntu and the flagship house of the Embassy Network. We've tapped into the Fellowship for Intentional Community , a global directory of shared-living communities that includes communes, eco-villages, co-ops and collectives of all stripes. We don't have it all figured out, but we are working together and collaborating on our dreams. Indeed, we cannot ever expect this to be perfect. As with any team, relationship or government, an intentional community is a constant practice, not a steady state. Certainly, some of the communities that take root in San Francisco are more ephemeral than others. There are ventures that fold within a year, and there are cooperatives that raise children in their midst. I've not encountered a house here that did not experience at least some small occasional turnover, but this does not mean that we are building sand castles. There is such a vast, wild richness to the spectrum of human experience, and each person whom I've met has taught me something about myself. When we come together across disparate backgrounds, we inform and expand each other's humanity. I posit that community living can be just as empowering as living alone but that it is always an exercise in adaptation. It works only with empathy, humility and a mutually assured foundation of healthy, open communication. One might argue that these practices are essential to the future of our species on a crowding , warming planet of 7.4 billion people . Cities are denser and pricier than ever, and we must learn to share '” on a personal and civilizational scale '” in ways that we have scarcely imagined. I do not mean that we all need to live in co-ops and communes, but I do contend that it is worthwhile for each of us to reconsider how much we can trust one another. I hope that we can all take the principle of collectivism as a nugget in and of itself rather than a subordinate component of gentrification, for collaboration is not a limitation. The solution to density is trust, not fear. Sharing is easier when we parse our wants from our needs. Life is more meaningful together. 
Tommy Alexander - Writing and loving and building community in San Francisco. Musician, climber, poet. Guides at AFAR. 
The Bold Italic - The Bold Italic is an online magazine that celebrates the character and free-wheeling spirit of San Francisco and the Bay Area. 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

By Martin Winiecki / kosmosjournal.org 
In the 1990s an unusual encounter took place in the Ecuadorian Amazon. In plant rituals, shamans of the Achuar, a tribe living in pristine forest that had never been in touch with Western civilization, received the warning that the 'white man' would try to invade their lands, cut down the forest and exploit the resources. Deeply shaken, they called out to the Spirits for help. Soon after white people did approach them, coming to them however with supportive intentions '“ a group of activists from the United States, searching for ways to protect Indigenous Peoples from the oil industry. The Westerners found a deeply interconnected tribal society living in profound symbiosis with the Earth. Seeing the bulldozers coming closer and closer, they asked the Elders of the tribe how they could survive. Their answer was surprising and straightforward: 'Don't try to help us here. Go back to your own culture and change the dream of the modern world! It is because of this dream that we are perishing.' [i] 
This experience gave rise to the Pachamama Alliance , an international educational network dedicated to changing the dream of the Western world. 
What is the dream of the Western world? When asked, most young people say: A perfect partner, a beautiful house, successful career, lots of money and travel to exotic places. Amplified a million times a day by Hollywood and the advertisement industry, promoted by parents, self-help gurus, schools and fairytales, this lifestyle became the central motif of our collective longing, the blueprint of globalized society. 
Fulfillment became a matter of possession, of how much wealth, fame, power and sex we earned for ourselves. Rewarding people with profit and status for the most competitive and destructive behavior, worshiping the golden calf of maximal economic growth, capitalism has effectively manufactured and then exploited people's dream image. Humanity's general ethical decline is the result of this collective corruption. 
'Social being determines consciousness''“ Marx 
First Nation tribes from North America coined a term to describe the 'disease of the white man''“ wetiko. In their understanding, wetiko consists of two essential characteristics: chronic inability for empathy and an egoistic fixation on ones own personal benefit and profit. The First Peoples used this word specifically because they could not fathom any other explanation for the behavior of the European colonialists. While often declared as unchangeable psychological features of humanity, greed, selfishness and violent impulses may in fact not be our 'human nature' as many claim, but rather the outcome of our alienation under capitalist conditions. Marx said, 'Social being determines consciousness.' [ii] According to epigenetic research, our genetic programming contains many different possibilities of existence. Whether wetiko takes holds of our psyche or we become compassionate strongly depends on the social structures we live in. We only consider egoism, hatred and brutality to be 'normal' because over the past few thousand years our civilization has been conditioned in this way '“ basing its economy on war, its social organization on domination and conformity, its religion on punishment, damnation and sin, its education on coercion, its security on the elimination of the supposed enemy, its very image of love on fear of loss. 
Patriarchal conditioning '“ carried out worldwide, generation after generation, with the most aggressive means '“ has created a cultural matrix of violence and fear, which at present nearly all of humanity more or less unconsciously follows. This matrix, or more accurately 'patrix', steers the global processes of politics and economics in similar ways as people's interpersonal relationships, families and love lives. As psychoanalyst Dieter Duhm writes, 'Automatic, usually unconscious, habits of thinking stand behind our daily misery.' [iii] 
Use of Agent Orange resulted in widespread birth defects in Vietnam 
Duhm started out as a leading Marxist writer during the anti-imperialist struggles of the 1960s and 70s in Germany, when he asked himself how it could be that billions of people comply with and obey the rules of society without being forced to do so. Shaken by the horrors of the Vietnam War, he needed to find a credible answer for how to overcome the imperialist system causing these atrocities. Working as a psychoanalyst, he faced the same basic structure in all his patients '“ no matter whether they suffered depression, heartache or schizophrenia '“ deep-rooted existential fear. The further he inquired, the more he realized this fear is not only in the 'mentally ill,' but also appears in the 'sane' as fear of what others could think of them, as speech anxiety, as fear of authorities and institutions, fear before and after intercourse, fear of the future, of getting sick and so on. 'This inconspicuous, socially omnipresent and 'normal,' fear is neurotic,' he writes. 'Fear is not only the product of capitalism, but part of its foundation, an element without which this entire system would collapse.' [iv] 
For Duhm, the consequence was clear: If we want to escape from the wetiko disease of our current capitalist culture, we need a credible concept for a new nonviolent global society and for transforming the old matrix of fear and violence into a new matrix of trust, compassion and cooperation. Healing wetiko would be nothing short of reinventing our entire civilization and basing human existence on new social, ethical, spiritual and sexual foundations allowing profound trust between people as well as between humans and animals. 
In 1978 Duhm started out with a group of people to engage in an interdisciplinary research project for social and ecological sustainability to develop precisely such a concept. Having witnessed the failure of countless communes in the 1970s, most due to unresolved interpersonal conflicts around money, power and sex (i.e. the inability of the groups to resolve wetiko among one another), the project focused its cultural experiment on creating new social structures able to resolve the psychological substratum of fear. They knew the answer could not be found in therapies, spiritual exercises and rituals alone, as helpful and healing as they may be '“ but that a whole new way of communitarian coexistence would have to be developed, from which one would no longer need to retreat in order to become human. Rather, it would be designed in a way that would foster compassion, solidarity and cooperation. 
The development of such a society would need to begin with initial models researching its basic structures and demonstrating its viability. Thereby, an adventurous research project began, establishing functioning communities of trust. The deeper they went the more they realized they needed to work on all basic areas of human existence: starting with the intimate questions of sexuality, love and partnership, questions of raising children, coexistence with animals, self-sufficiency in water, energy and food systems. From this experiment, the peace research center, Tamera , came into life along with the vision of creating 'Healing Biotopes' as catalysts for planetary system change. Solar-powered village by Sunvention, via Tamera 
For much of the last million years, human beings have lived in communities; in fact, the era in which we have not is only a tiny fraction in the entirety of human history. In order to subjugate people under their systems of dominance, patriarchal rulers systematically destroyed tribal communities, thereby inflicting a profound collective trauma onto humanity. Humanity thereby lost its spiritual, social and ethical anchor, drifting off in a self-destructive frenzy of atomization, self-interest and othering. As we are reaching the pinnacle of a culture of global wetiko , the last throes of late-stage capitalism, healing our collective trauma, re-establishing functioning communities based on trust, and making our human existence compatible with the biosphere and nature again, may well be our only opportunity to secure ourselves and our children a future worth living on Spaceship Earth. 
Martin Winiecki was born 1990 in Dresden, Germany, and is coordinator of the Terra Nova School in Tamera Center, Portugal where 160 residents of the center are working for a society free of violence and greed. 
[i] Speech by Lynne Twist at the 'Awakening the Dreamer' Symposium. USA, Los Angeles. Sept. 2008. 
[ii] Marx, Karl. A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy. New York: International, 1970. Print. 
[iii] Duhm, Dieter. Beyond 2012. The Birth of a New Humanity? What Is the Shift of Consciousness? . Bad Belzig: Verlag Meiga, 2010. Print. 
[iv] Duhm, Dieter. Angst Im Kapitalismus: Zweiter Versuch Der Gesellschaftlichen BegrÃ¼ndung Zwischenmenschlicher Angst in Der Kapitalistischen Warengesellschaft. Lampertheim: KÃ¼bler, 1975. Print. 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Mary Lyons Describes 'The We' Share on Facebook Caitlin Moran's Posthumous Advice for Her Daughter Caitlin Moran Â· 19,039 views today Â· My daughter is about to turn 13 and I've been smoking a lot recently, and so '“ in the wee small hours, when my lungs feel like there's a small mouse inside them, scratching to...

ARTICLE

Nonduality and the Consciousness of 'Things' - Thich Nhat Hanh Share on Facebook Tweet 
Do animals and plants have consciousness? Are electrons alive? Thich Nhat Hanh in dialogue with University of Virginia Astrophysicist Dr. Trinh Xuan Thuan. [watch video below] Caitlin Moran's Posthumous Advice for Her Daughter Caitlin Moran Â· 19,039 views today Â· My daughter is about to turn 13 and I've been smoking a lot recently, and so '“ in the wee small hours, when my lungs feel like there's a small mouse inside them, scratching to...

ARTICLE

By Djuan Wash / filmsforaction.org 
One cannot claim to be intersectional while at the same time being elitist and exclusionary. Everyone isn't hip to what heteronormativity, heterosexism, cisgendered, cissexism or many new-age terms mean. You can't write people off for not being where you are or prescribing to your beliefs. Being intersectional means to love and support people where they are and assist them in their efforts at gaining a better understanding of intersectional social justice. While the work ultimately lies on the individual to read/research further once you enlighten them, you can't do that if you brow beat them for being ignorant. If you're unwilling to meet people where they are, you're not being intersectional, you're being an asshole. This work is licensed under an Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License 4.0 Â·

ARTICLE

By Tim Hjersted / filmsforaction.org 
It's hard to believe Films For Action has been around now for 10 years. From our early years focusing on local film screenings to our more recent years, focusing on raising awareness globally via our website and social media, our mission has been to provide a DIY alternative to the corporate mass media, which censors, erases, sanitizes, attacks and ignores the diverse voices of humanity in favor of a narrow spectrum of elite, faux left-right consensus that favors the status quo and puts the interests of profit over people and planet. 
The mass media claims to be neutral and strives to be objective, but it has always been anything but. FOX News is famous for claiming they're "fair and balanced" - a line of propaganda so transparent it's been mocked for years. But the deeper truth is that all media has some form of bias. The major news networks and newspapers of the old media - ABC, CNN, MSNBC, CBS and the New York Times, to name a few, all mask their bias for elite perspectives (both corporate and state) behind a veneer of "objectivity." To present oneself as unbiased, while having bias is, of course, one of the hallmarks of any good, persuasive propaganda. 
But the old media is lying to itself for another reason. As one of our heroes, Howard Zinn once famously said, "You can't be neutral on a moving train." Neutrality in the face of injustice, in the face of racism, environmental destruction, corruption, colonialism, empire and plutocracy, cannot and will never be neutral. 
Media cannot be neutral on this moving train. Too much is at stake when we are quite literally facing a planetary emergency that is reaching its major turning point. We must pick a side. 
Does this mean Films For Action has bias? Yes it does. But it is bias rooted in the desire for justice. Our bias is rooted in our love for Pachamama, our Mother Earth, and all living beings. Our bias is rooted in our desire for a society that's just, egalitarian, peaceful, healing and truly democratic in ways that the present system will never offer. That is the big difference between the old media and the new media. Whereas the old media feigns neutrality and objectivity while promoting a spectrum of thought that benefits their bottom line, the new media is transparent about its values and who it stands for. 
It is for this reason that Films For Action will forever stand in solidarity with Black Lives Matter, Indigenous First Nations people, Queer and Trans Folkx, and all other people and movements fighting oppression and struggling for collective liberation all over the world. 
Ultimately, our mission as a media network is simple. We're here to support all of the global movements working to change the present system. We believe many hands make light work, and we need all of us helping our 'movement of movements' in whatever way feels right for each other. We need both a diversity of tactics and a diversity of efforts, so the more we can support each other and see how our efforts complement each other, the stronger we'll be. 
This idea that "I am because you are" - that your happiness is my happiness, that your suffering is my suffering - this is the guiding principle of love, of ubuntu that is what keeps our feet moving and our hearts in action. We are all one human family in relationship with each other and the rest of the community of life on Earth. So long as there is suffering in the world, our work is not done.

ARTICLE

By Chad Kautzer / filmsforaction.org 
My appeal to leftist comrades who think that not voting is a way to be a "principled" leftist, or that it's leftist to choose a third-party candidate so you can vote in good conscience. These are not leftist positions (Yes, I dare to assert a basic standard for distinguishing liberal and Leftist positions). 
It would be leftist to organize a boycott of the vote, so that abstention was a collective act with a clear and practical goal. It would also be leftist to vote for a third-party candidate if it furthered a leftist project. Currently, neither of these is the case, so we can take them off the table. 
Liberals are committed to an electoral system of politics and believe that politicians should "represent" their will. Indeed, many liberals want to completely identify with their candidates. This leads liberals to talk about voting their conscience or abstaining because they don't want to have to choose between the lessor of two evils. The liberal illusion is that it could ever be otherwise (next time we'll have candidates we can believe in!). 
Elections are always a choice between evils, but elections are only one component of leftist politics. We choose the candidates who will do the least amount of harm to our larger projects for radical change. And after voting, we get on with those projects - mobilizing at the grassroots, educating and organizing against oppression, capacitating our communities, and constantly challenging ourselves to be better friends and comrades. 
When we vote, we do not endorse liberalism and we are not morally compromised (as liberals would assert). We are using whatever resources are available to us to realize leftist goals and sometimes that means little more than choosing a politician who represents the least opposition to those goals. 
So, leftist comrades, I say this with love: let's shake off the liberal moralism of electoral politics and focus on what best enables the achievement of practical, leftist projects. This work is licensed under an Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License 4.3 Â·

ARTICLE

How to Love: Legendary Zen Buddhist Teacher Thich Nhat Hanh on Mastering the Art of "Interbeing" 'To love without knowing how to love wounds the person we love.' By Maria Popova / brainpickings.org 
What does love mean, exactly? We have applied to it our finest definitions ; we have examined its psychology and outlined it in philosophical frameworks ; we have even devised a mathematical formula for attaining it. And yet anyone who has ever taken this wholehearted leap of faith knows that love remains a mystery '” perhaps the mystery of the human experience. 
Learning to meet this mystery with the full realness of our being '” to show up for it with absolute clarity of intention '” is the dance of life. 
That's what legendary Vietnamese Zen Buddhist monk, teacher, and peace activist Thich Nhat Hanh (b. October 11, 1926) explores in How to Love ( public library ) '” a slim, simply worded collection of his immeasurably wise insights on the most complex and most rewarding human potentiality. 
Indeed, in accordance with the general praxis of Buddhist teachings, Nhat Hanh delivers distilled infusions of clarity, using elementary language and metaphor to address the most elemental concerns of the soul. To receive his teachings one must make an active commitment not to succumb to the Western pathology of cynicism , our flawed self-protection mechanism that readily dismisses anything sincere and true as simplistic or naÃ¯ve '” even if, or precisely because, we know that all real truth and sincerity are simple by virtue of being true and sincere. 
At the heart of Nhat Hanh's teachings is the idea that 'understanding is love's other name''” that to love another means to fully understand his or her suffering. ('Suffering' sounds rather dramatic, but in Buddhism it refers to any source of profound dissatisfaction '” be it physical or psychoemotional or spiritual.) Understanding, after all, is what everybody needs '” but even if we grasp this on a theoretical level, we habitually get too caught in the smallness of our fixations to be able to offer such expansive understanding. He illustrates this mismatch of scales with an apt metaphor: 
If you pour a handful of salt into a cup of water, the water becomes undrinkable. But if you pour the salt into a river, people can continue to draw the water to cook, wash, and drink. The river is immense, and it has the capacity to receive, embrace, and transform. When our hearts are small, our understanding and compassion are limited, and we suffer. We can't accept or tolerate others and their shortcomings, and we demand that they change. But when our hearts expand, these same things don't make us suffer anymore. We have a lot of understanding and compassion and can embrace others. We accept others as they are, and then they have a chance to transform. Illustration from Hug Me by Simona Ciraolo 
The question then becomes how to grow our own hearts, which begins with a commitment to understand and bear witness to our own suffering: 
When we feed and support our own happiness, we are nourishing our ability to love. That's why to love means to learn the art of nourishing our happiness. 
Understanding someone's suffering is the best gift you can give another person. Understanding is love's other name. If you don't understand, you can't love. 
And yet because love is a learned 'dynamic interaction,' we form our patterns of understanding '” and misunderstanding '” early in life, by osmosis and imitation rather than conscious creation. Echoing what Western developmental psychology knows about the role of 'positivity resonance' in learning love, Nhat Hanh writes: 
If our parents didn't love and understand each other, how are we to know what love looks like? '¦ The most precious inheritance that parents can give their children is their own happiness. Our parents may be able to leave us money, houses, and land, but they may not be happy people. If we have happy parents, we have received the richest inheritance of all. Illustration by Maurice Sendak from Open House for Butterflies by Ruth Krauss 
Nhat Hanh points out the crucial difference between infatuation, which replaces any real understanding of the other with a fantasy of who he or she can be for us, and true love: 
Often, we get crushes on others not because we truly love and understand them, but to distract ourselves from our suffering. When we learn to love and understand ourselves and have true compassion for ourselves, then we can truly love and understand another person. 
Out of this incomplete understanding of ourselves spring our illusory infatuations, which Nhat Hanh captures with equal parts wisdom and wit: 
Sometimes we feel empty; we feel a vacuum, a great lack of something. We don't know the cause; it's very vague, but that feeling of being empty inside is very strong. We expect and hope for something much better so we'll feel less alone, less empty. The desire to understand ourselves and to understand life is a deep thirst. There's also the deep thirst to be loved and to love. We are ready to love and be loved. It's very natural. But because we feel empty, we try to find an object of our love. Sometimes we haven't had the time to understand ourselves, yet we've already found the object of our love. When we realize that all our hopes and expectations of course can't be fulfilled by that person, we continue to feel empty. You want to find something, but you don't know what to search for. In everyone there's a continuous desire and expectation; deep inside, you still expect something better to happen. That is why you check your email many times a day! Illustration from The Missing Piece Meets the Big O , Shel Silverstein's minimalist allegory of true love 
Real, truthful love, he argues, is rooted in four elements '” loving kindness, compassion, joy, and equanimity '” fostering which lends love 'the element of holiness.' The first of them addresses this dialogic relationship between our own suffering and our capacity to fully understand our loved ones: 
The essence of loving kindness is being able to offer happiness. You can be the sunshine for another person. You can't offer happiness until you have it for yourself. So build a home inside by accepting yourself and learning to love and heal yourself. Learn how to practice mindfulness in such a way that you can create moments of happiness and joy for your own nourishment. Then you have something to offer the other person. 
['¦] 
If you have enough understanding and love, then every moment '” whether it's spent making breakfast, driving the car, watering the garden, or doing anything else in your day '” can be a moment of joy. 
This interrelatedness of self and other is manifested in the fourth element as well, equanimity, the Sanskrit word for which '” upeksha '” is also translated as 'inclusiveness' and 'nondiscrimination': 
In a deep relationship, there's no longer a boundary between you and the other person. You are her and she is you. Your suffering is her suffering. Your understanding of your own suffering helps your loved one to suffer less. Suffering and happiness are no longer individual matters. What happens to your loved one happens to you. What happens to you happens to your loved one. 
['¦] 
In true love, there's no more separation or discrimination. His happiness is your happiness. Your suffering is his suffering. You can no longer say, 'That's your problem.' 
Supplementing the four core elements are also the subsidiary elements of trust and respect , the currency of love's deep mutuality: 
When you love someone, you have to have trust and confidence. Love without trust is not yet love. Of course, first you have to have trust, respect, and confidence in yourself. Trust that you have a good and compassionate nature. You are part of the universe; you are made of stars. When you look at your loved one, you see that he is also made of stars and carries eternity inside. Looking in this way, we naturally feel reverence. True love cannot be without trust and respect for oneself and for the other person. Illustration by Julie Paschkis from Pablo Neruda: Poet of the People by Monica Brown 
The essential mechanism for establishing such trust and respect is listening '” something so frequently extolled by Western psychologists, therapists, and sage grandparents that we've developed a special immunity to hearing it. And yet when Nhat Hanh reframes this obvious insight with the gentle elegance of his poetics, it somehow bypasses the rational cynicism of the jaded modern mind and registers directly in the soul: 
To love without knowing how to love wounds the person we love. To know how to love someone, we have to understand them. To understand, we need to listen. 
['¦] 
When you love someone, you should   bring relief and help him to suffer less. This is an art. If you don't understand the roots of his suffering, you can't help, just as a doctor can't help heal your illness if she doesn't know the cause. You need to understand the cause of your loved one's suffering in order to help bring relief. 
['¦] 
The more you understand, the more you love; the more you love, the more you understand. They are two sides of one reality. The mind of love and the mind of understanding are the same. 
Echoing legendary Zen teacher D.T. Suzuki's memorable aphorism that 'the ego-shell in which we live is the hardest thing to outgrow,' Nhat Hanh considers how the notion of the separate, egoic 'I' interrupts the dialogic flow of understanding '” the 'interbeing,' to use his wonderfully poetic and wonderfully precise term, that is love: 
Often, when we say, 'I love you' we focus mostly on the idea of the 'I' who is doing the loving and less on the quality of the love that's being offered. This is because we are caught by the idea of self. We think we have a self. But there is no such thing as an individual separate self. A flower is made only of non-flower elements, such as chlorophyll, sunlight, and water. If we were to remove all the non-flower elements from the flower, there would be no flower left. A flower cannot be by herself alone. A flower can only inter-be with all of us'¦ Humans are like this too. We can't exist by ourselves alone. We can only inter-be. I am made only of non-me elements, such as the Earth, the sun, parents, and ancestors. In a relationship, if you can see the nature of interbeing between you and the other person, you can see that his suffering is your own suffering, and your happiness is his own happiness. With this way of seeing, you speak and act differently. This in itself can relieve so much suffering. 
The remainder of How to Love explores the simple, profoundly transformative daily practices of love and understanding, which apply not only to romantic relationships but to all forms of 'interbeing.' Complement it with John Steinbeck's exquisite letter of advice on love to his teenage son and Susan Sontag's lifetime of reflections on the subject , then revisit the great D.T. Suzuki on how Zen can help us cultivate our character . 
Liked this post? Consider supporting the author. Donating = loving. Give Now. 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

By Jacob Devaney / upliftconnect.com 
Overwhelm is a constant state of being for many of us, but it doesn't need to be. Most of us are under a deluge of responsibilities like running errands, responding to emails, keeping up with house-chores, hurrying to meetings, and more. Though this is normal in our modern lives, our nervous system struggles to keep up. If we don't make a conscious effort to relieve this kind of stress, our adrenals get depleted, and sometimes we get sick. Luckily overwhelm is not about how much is going on in your life, it is all about how you manage things. Let's dissect overwhelm from a neurological perspective and explore ways to reduce its impact on our lives. 
When life's circumstances overwhelm our ability to cope or integrate, our nervous system goes into a stress response. It doesn't need to be a life-threatening incident for the nervous system to trigger a fight, flight or collapse response. The interesting thing is that it is purely subjective. It can be as simple as a 'perceived threat', like being embarrassed in public, imagining that you will get fired for being late, or having a squirrel run in front of your car. Regardless of how big or small the incident is, our system can go into overwhelm, causing our brain to release all the stress hormones that accompany it. 
It can be as simple as a 'perceived threat' like imagining that you will get fired for being late. Self Awareness to the Rescue 
We pride ourselves in being busy. Many of us feel like something is wrong if we are tired, or feeling lazy and want to lay on the couch and stare at a wall. Actually, this is the parasympathetic, restorative nervous system that is inviting us to step out of our constant 'go-go-go' state so that we can unwind. Laying in the grass and looking at the clouds is actually much better for us than being on a couch staring at a wall, but we rarely make a conscious decision to do so. Instead, we collapse right in the middle of cleaning our house and then beat ourselves up for being lazy. 
Humans have a very different way of coping with stress than all other primates. In order to conquer fire (a trait that has allowed humans to climb to the top of the food chain), we had to develop regions of the brain that suppress our fear so that we can overcome it. The stress hormones associated with fear are still released even if we don't indulge them. Animals instantly discharge these hormones, but humans need to do this consciously. In other words, we have to make a choice to actively engage in practices that reset our nervous system. As we have explored in How to Relieve Stress Stored in our Bodies , this process can be a whole lot of fun and very rewarding on many levels. 
In any dark time, there is a tendency to veer toward fainting over how much is wrong or unmended in the world. Do not focus on that. Do not make yourself ill with overwhelm. -Clarissa Estes 
Humans have a very different way of coping with stress than all other primates. Information Overwhelm 
We live in a time of extreme bombardment of information, along with a desire to wake up socially and address the many problems facing the world. There is no effective solution when we come from a constant state of overwhelm. Being relaxed and clear-minded is the only way to approach these seemingly insurmountable issues. This research is well documented in the Uplift article Will Humanity Choose Love or Fear? Is the information you are reading an immediate threat to your survival'¦ Probably not. 
Information overload occurs when a person is exposed to more information than the brain can process at one time. '“ Lucy Jo Palladino , Ph.D Hemispheric Disconnect 
The right hemisphere of our brains is great for creativity and spirituality, it is where we go when we ponder the eternal nature of things, yet it doesn't comprehend time sequencing. Understanding this is paramount to taking the reigns on our overwhelm and positioning us to have greater coping skills. This unconscious, biologically-wired, stress response is explored in Get to Know Your Amygdala . 
The right hemisphere processes experience differently from the left '“ non-verbally through body sensations, visual images, emotions, and holistically '“ it processes the gestalt of someone's face or energy globally, all at once, rather than in a linear data bit by data bit mode. The right hemisphere is where we get our 'gut' intuitive sense of things and the gestalt of things as a whole. The right hemisphere is the seat of the social and personal self. The right hemisphere regulates the sub-cortical limbic system and is dominant for social-emotional processing. -Linda Graham 
We live in a time of extreme bombardment of information. How Do We Get Past Overwhelm? 
Step One is as simple as recognizing that you are operating from a state of overwhelm. Self-awareness breaks us out of unconscious patterning, and this is central to the practice of mindfulness. Learning to check in with one's self by pausing is also a great way to develop emotional intelligence. 
Step Two is to take a few deep breathes after recognizing that you are overwhelmed. This also works if you are angry, sad, or reacting out of fear. Since the emotional response is rooted in the right hemisphere, it always feels immediate. By breathing you are helping your mind integrate the threat level into time synchronisation, which is a left-brain process that will help relax your nervous system. 
Step Three is to remind yourself that you are safe, and to develop strategies to call on this sense of safety when needed. This is known as resourcing one's self, and there are healthy ways of doing it, as well as unhealthy ways. Hint: reaching for a cigarette, or indulging in television, drugs, or junk-food is not as effective as 5 minutes of stretching, mindful breathing, or taking a moment to connect with nature. 
Step Four is to help your body let go of any stress hormones that may have been released into your system at the first moment of panic/overwhelm. Shake like a dog, jump up and down or do some psoas stretches to discharge the nervous system and help you reset your physical body as well as your emotional body. 
Self-awareness breaks us out of unconscious patterning. 
Overwhelm has a whole lot to do with our perceptions. We   expand our mental-emotional container to be able to integrate larger and larger amounts of information without succumbing to overwhelm in the first place. The steps above will help you deal with overwhelm when it hits you, but a daily mindfulness practice will help you reduce the instances when you are thrown into overwhelm. The ability to respond without reacting, to observe without indulging, will help you increase success in your life on many levels. It will also be a valuable skill in rapidly changing times! 
Jacob Devaney - Founder and director of Culture Collective, creative activist, musician, and producer. 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Share on Facebook Tweet Short stories told by water protectors at Standing Rock, North Dakota. Part 1 - Introduction: Since mid-August 2016, thousands have set up camp near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota. They stand in opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline and its planned crossing of the Missouri River. This is the largest gathering of Native Americans in over 100 years. Many plan to make... read more 
Short stories told by water protectors at Standing Rock, North Dakota. 
Part 1 - Introduction: Since mid-August 2016, thousands have set up camp near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota. They stand in opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline and its planned crossing of the Missouri River. This is the largest gathering of Native Americans in over 100 years. Many plan to make this their home until DAPL is stopped. (4mins) 
Part 2 - Frank from Standing Rock, ND. "Tears do heal people. They help you learn. They help you move on." (5mins) 
Part 3 - Helen from Wounded Knee, SD. "I still couldn't sit there and pray freely, until I had to get up and pick up a gun, and fight for my rights. I fought in Wounded Knee." (5mins) 
Part 4 - Tyger from Gaffney, SC. "When I was 17 I went into the army. My first unit was the Army Corps of Engineers. And I thought I was fighting for my country. And I was. And now I'm fighting for my country again." (7mins) 
Part 5 - Darwyn from Omak, WA. "Something was telling me... you need to go, you need to go, you need to go." (5mins) 
Part 6 - Audrey De La Rosa from Kayenta, AZ. 'If you're a young able person, your back better be straight. You better be sitting in a position where if you have to get up and start running, you better go. I'm here. I'm able. As an academic scholar I've written my own papers on how social change begins on the reservation'¦ and it's happening.' (6mins) 
Part 7 - Alvin C Jacobs Jr from Charlotte, NC. "I'm a photojournalist. This is hard work. I mean, what the hell are we doing out here? Waking up angry. Going to sleep frustrated. Seeing people brutalized. Seeing racism flourish. Seeing people go through a living hell, just for simply existing." (6mins) 
Part 8 - Duane from Standing Rock, ND. "To understand one another brings unity. We need to share our lives. Without fear. Without judgement. And that will create unity that will be unbreakable." (6mins) 
Part 9 - David from Denver, CO. "The first interaction that Christopher Columbus had with any Indian on this hemisphere was with the TaÃ­no Nation. Both sides of my family have TaÃ­no blood in them. I say that I am a Boricua before I say that I'm a Puerto Rican." (5mins) 
Unless otherwise stated:

ARTICLE

Under the Surface - Naomi Klein and the Great Barrier Reef Share on Facebook Tweet In Under the Surface, a special Guardian film, the award-winning writer and environmental campaigner Naomi Klein travels to the Great Barrier Reef with her son, Toma, to see the impact of coral bleaching caused by climate change. In a personal but also universal story, Klein tells how she wants him to bear witness. 'Just in case, amid the coral that is still alive, he can find something... read more 
In Under the Surface, a special Guardian film, the award-winning writer and environmental campaigner Naomi Klein travels to the Great Barrier Reef with her son, Toma, to see the impact of coral bleaching caused by climate change. In a personal but also universal story, Klein tells how she wants him to bear witness. 'Just in case, amid the coral that is still alive, he can find something beautiful to connect with, something he can carry with him as he navigates life on a warmer, harsher planet than the one I grew up on. Because climate change is already here '“ and kids are on the frontlines' [watch video below]

ARTICLE

Donate Whether Trump or Clinton Wins the US Election, What Follows Is up to Us When the polls close, a new battle will begin '“ to resist a racist climate denier, or to force a centrist Democrat to deliver genuinely progressive change 'A politician is not a given. Each one is in part what we make them, by pushing, blocking, pressuring, encouraging, fighting, reframing, emphasizing, organizing.' (Photo: Michael Reynolds/EPA) By Rebecca Solnit / guardian.co.uk 
Presidential elections are a form of madness that comes over us once every four years. They fit the great-man or -woman narrative of history, seducing us into forgetting how powerful we are. They erase our memory of grassroots power, direct democracy and civil society. Leaders beget followers; people pin their hopes on one person, and with that they seem to shed responsibility for anything beyond getting that one person into office. Or, they wash their hands of any further involvement if it's not their one person. 
And so it is this time around. With the election a matter of days away and the media engrossed in a fight to end all fights, it sometimes seems as though we've lost sight of the powers that belong to us and not them, and the responsibilities and possibilities that go with our power. The intensely personal nature of this campaign '“ and the particular danger of Donald Trump '“ has created a kind of tunnel vision. 
"We forget our own influence, the innumerable times we've swayed outcome." 
Which is not to say that the outcome is unimportant. Far from it. Many Clinton supporters seem quietly confident of a win. I am less complacent. We've had enough surprises this year '“ in Britain, in Colombia '“ to know that voters have a way of confounding those who observe them. A Trump presidency would be a terrible thing. But a Clinton victory would be far from an occasion to sigh with relief, sit back and resume life as though the last few months had been a bad dream. A Clinton victory, in fact, would be just a starting point for a new kind of campaign. 
A politician is not a given. Each one is in part what we make them, by pushing, blocking, pressuring, encouraging, fighting, reframing, emphasizing, organizing. Every election season we pretend that one person will have all the power and that whatever they promise up front is exactly who they'll be, for better or worse. We forget our own influence, the innumerable times we've swayed outcomes, such as the decision to veto the Keystone XL pipeline. We forget the way culture and activism set the norms for political decisions on matters such as same-sex marriage rights. 
Election seasons erase the memory of movements that worked for years or decades, outside and around, below and above electoral politics. They drown out the histories that matter: how women got the vote, how the civil rights movement progressed, how the Free Trade Area of the Americas trade deal withered and died, how the World Trade Organization was hobbled and its poorer member nations inspired to revolt by the great 1999 shutdown in Seattle, how fracking got banned in New York State, how rape law has been radically revised in many ways and places thanks to feminist action and discourse. In all these cases, the people who we mislabel leaders only followed the will of the people. 
To reiterate: it matters who is president, but what a president does has everything to do with what the people demand or refuse or do themselves, and what the House and Senate send them or sabotage. 
Mitt Romney promised to build the Keystone XL pipeline himself if elected; Republicans for the foreseeable future will be puppets of the fossil-fuel industry. Democrats are not necessarily our friends or allies, but they are sometimes politicians who can be pushed. Obama wavered on that pipeline for several years. When he vetoed it, it was not because of who he is, but because of who we are, we the members of a climate movement that organized, educated, campaigned, blockaded and demonstrated for years, building a powerful movement. 
That the president has become so much more engaged with climate is a result what the movement did: it educated us on the science, made the case for the urgency and importance of action, built global coalitions, shed light on the ways climate is an economic and racial justice issue, started innumerable campaigns to block pipelines, divest, implement efficiency and good design, and shift to renewable resources. A lot of other changes that matter have happened at the local level as cities, regions and states have done great work on climate, led by community organizers, small groups and minor politicians you'll never hear about. 
The Obama administration could have done much more if more of the people who elected him stuck around to push back against the corporations, well-organized conservatives and big-money interests. Which is not to even raise the question of that administration's principles; it's more useful to ask what are our own, if most of us do little or nothing about policies we deplore or ideals we praise. 
The same will be true of a Clinton administration, if that's the one voters choose on Tuesday. The extent to which it serves the interests of people and our planet depends in part on the extent to which citizens apply pressure to it. You may feel exhausted right now; tired of a bruising cycle which has left no personal stone unturned (often to the detriment of policy scrutiny). But the truth is, we're at the beginning '“ either of a period of sustained resistance against a racist, misogynist, deranged climate-denier '“ or a period of sustained action to push the first female president to deliver a genuinely progressive, climate-conscious agenda. 
If we end up with a Democrat (and I regret that that's the best choice we get in this binary election), a lot is up to us. That's a gift and a responsibility. I'll take it. I hope you'll join me. 
Â© 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited 
Rebecca Solnit is an activist, TomDispatch.com regular, and author of many books, including the just published , Men Explain Things to Me (Dispatch Books, Haymarket Books). Her first essay for TomDispatch.com turned into the book Hope in the Dark: Untold Histories, Wild Possibilities , since translated into eight languages. Other previous books include: The Faraway Nearby , A Paradise Built in Hell , Wanderlust: A History of Walking , The Battle of The Story of the Battle in Seattle (with her brother David), and Storming The Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics . She is a contributing editor to Harper's Magazine . 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Words are battling in my head and I cannot truly form a sentence empty of frustration. 
The phone is barely ringing to Aleppo. And, when they finally pick up, no word is discernible. The internet connection is cut. There's no actual way of reaching anyone, to make sure your loved ones are safe. 
This is West Aleppo. 
A few days ago, a school was targeted, A SCHOOL Six children, six innocent lives, only there to getaway from the atrocity that is war, to learn, to reach a future, taken away, leaving torn families behind. 
This is West Aleppo. 
Yesterday, as the situation was getting worse and worse, my aunts and their families found themselves forced to seek what's left of safety and refuge, at my grandmother's house. 
This is West Aleppo. 
My friend wondering if he will survive one more month in this bloodshed because everyone around is dying. 
This is West Aleppo. 
Aleppo, where East and West have been battlefields for years now. Yet, as always we hardly hear of those paying the price. Forgotten, probably deliberately. After all, all that has mattered since day one was the Â« winner Â» of this horror story. 
Shame. Shame on this world. Shame on the mainstream media, playing a game with us, trying to convince us of the care they feel for the Syrian people dying but only talking about some parts of it. 
Where are the mediatized pictures of Aleppo these last few days'¦ Where are those people always acting like Syria has become their number one worry while six years ago, they didn't even know how to place it on a map of the Middle East'¦? Or is it just that some lives aren't really worth remembering'¦? 
You don't chose where you are born, where your house is. I have loved ones in both parts of Aleppo and I worry about them as much and I cannot bear the fact that a side is more worthy of empathy than the other just because there's apparently a Â« good Â» and a Â« bad Â» while all I'm seeing is my people suffering wherever they are.

ARTICLE

We Stood on the Rock A poem for those that fight with the Sioux, with water, at Standing Rock. 
[For those who fight at Standing Rock] 

Those sublime songs of Dakota 
Rushing hooves of wild buffalo 
Calloused tears and fragile fears 
When we held ourselves as each other's dears 

When dancing water met with bovine oil 
And siblings from afar came across the hill 
We dug our heels deep in weary soil 
One people who would not be still 

Into these fields we staggered blue 
As their tanks and rubber bullets slowed our paces 
Phallic batons took their dreadful cue 
From hooded men with hidden faces 

They ordered us back and put up wires 
They said they had come to make all things better 
With jobs and dollars and ivory spires 
The old promises of the wounded tinkerer 

Black Snake must make his way, they said 
Our lands were dead and mute 
Their machines purred and thrummed and fed 
On the very music they sought to refute 

We knelt in stinging tears and cried 
As yellow cranes sliced our mother red 
A surgical operation to make abide 
That which was never even dead 

Their cameras turned away '“ our stories postponed 
The dogs were set on us '“ our honour dethroned 
The skies coughed with smoke '“ our visions abused 
Our bodies were tallied '“ our power refused 

So we poured a libation of limbs 
And danced and laughed and swayed 
We became like water, flowing defiant hymns 
Unstable ghosts, form delayed 
We could not be killed; we could not be set straight 
We were a murmuration of unholy stirring 
We were thick; we were many, and downright apostate 
Every gesture was a perverse gathering 

We were there to bleed, to shed old hides 
To tell the tales of stone, prairie and Sioux 
Our skins were a wordless prayer, a choir of haunting guides 
When they struck our bodies we melted through 

Their victory lay with utterly containing us, 
In tired halos of their own making 
But we held on to our kin, the open plains unctuous 
A victory nobler than winning 

We knew the pollination songs of bees 
We knew the sacredness of a handful of soil 
We knew the nobility of water and trees 
We knew their own eyes did not weep oil 

Hand in hand we stood on the rock 
Drunken children of returning water 
We stood for daughters and sons not yet flocked 
Their own happily ever after 

Never forget, we urged ourselves as many suns set 
Never forget! '“ our wounds yelled this anthem 
Never forget this day when each other we met 
To remember is to overcome 

And we remember, we remember 
Those sublime songs of Dakota 
Rushing hooves of wild buffalo 
Calloused tears and fragile fears 
When we held ourselves as each other's dears 

When dancing water met with bovine oil 
And siblings from afar came across the hill 
We dug our heels deep in weary soil 
One people who would not be still

ARTICLE

Donald Trump & Hillary Clinton ~ RAP SONG (The Oligarchy) Share on Facebook 
Sure there are differences between Trump & Hillary. But don't you see all the similarities? [watch video below] Caitlin Moran's Posthumous Advice for Her Daughter Caitlin Moran Â· 2,738 views today Â· My daughter is about to turn 13 and I've been smoking a lot recently, and so '“ in the wee small hours, when my lungs feel like there's a small mouse inside them, scratching to...

ARTICLE

By Lilian Na'ia Alessa / culturalsurvival.org 
Western science and Indigenous worldviews are often seen as incompatible, with the Indigenous view usually being far less valued by society at large. But an inside look at Indigenous ways of knowing shows that they offer unique and dependable insights, in precisely the areas where Western science is often weakest. 
I grew up in a family where Bible study was mandatory. Yet, despite the firm Christian branches that shaded my home, there were traditional roots that anchored daily life. My grandmother spoke no English and went about her tasks singing. She sang to things I couldn't see, to stones and water. She spoke to the breezes that came off the sea. This was not odd to me. No question of sanity or need of counseling entered my mind. It was simply the mechanics of living, of praise to God, to the Creator. She wove fibers into amazing patterns, placing them in water while singing. When she finished singing, the coarse strands would be soaked and pliable and she would sing again until the pattern was done. Her songs, I came to realize, were timers for different tasks. She had no watch, knew no math, indeed had been denied the opportunity to get the education that became the currency of the world in her adulthood and old age. Instead, she had acquired a sophisticated methodology to transform the resources that yielded to her hand, and her hand only. There were no power tools, no mechanical devices to ease her work. There was only an elegance of skill that no machine could replicate. As a child, she was magic to me, and at her deathbed the shock of her mortality severed my faith in these songs. I turned to the precision of Western learning, so that such a fate would never befall me. So I would know the world, and in that knowledge, somehow control it. 
My desire to shun those things that had no firm margins grew as I came to learn the beauty and remarkable perfection of the universe through the eyes of those scholars who, like the elders of my youth, had discovered these things before. As I sat in uncomfortable chairs in lecture halls, a number in a sea of students, and despaired at the pain of examinations in those same chairs, a profound awe of the very molecules that composed my body and everything surrounding me settled. When I realized that the ability to pursue this learning fell squarely on my ability to navigate a system of hard edges, I panicked. I had been raised in a home swirling with soft fluidity of being. 
And now, my learning rejected these things. 
But numbers sing, too. Their words are clear and distinct, and their combinations were refrains of certainty. The slow draining of the deep convictions of my upbringing and generations of women who had sustained children with their hands became a steady flow. Here lay the solution: I could understand all things by measuring them, and in knowing those words I felt I could rewrite the song. 
The profound awe I felt as a student failed me when I took a job as a faculty researcher at a university. I came to realize that Western science hummed the words much of the time. I could see it coming: there were too many failures, too many times when it was apparent that politics, egos, and cliques were the white noise that drowned out the song. Like the death of my grandmother, it was a sound blow. 
Western science as a way of knowing has precision and discipline, and unlike most other ways of knowing, it can be faithfully replicated (most of the time) and understood by practitioners around the world, regardless of their language. But I was led to believe that it could explain more than it really could. Its limitations could be found not only in the over-simplification of the world but also in the murky stupidity of politics, greed, and hubris. And so, in my 30s, I found my faith in Western science fall away like a rock cast off a mountain for the second time in my life. In my rush to compose, rather than hear, the song, I was missing the synergy of the wisdoms of two worlds: one called 'traditional' and the other called 'Western.' 
The phrases 'traditional ecological knowledge,''traditional local knowledge,' and 'folk knowledge' are often associated with 'fuzzy knowledge,' the kind that comes from funneling information through a human instrument, whereas 'Western science' suggests an absolute objectivity, immune from human bias. In order to discern between the two, one must understand how different cultures, including the 'knowledge seekers' of both, come to exist, survive, and thrive in their worlds. The bottom line is that both address knowing the world using different, yet ultimately similar, approaches. Western science excels at unraveling the unseen'”our medical technology a testament to this precision'”while traditional knowledge reveals the dynamics of larger systems, particularly animals, plants, and habitats, and the wisdom of our place among them. 
In general, Western science and traditional knowledge are usually perceived as two separate, distinct, and somewhat incompatible entities. Why is this? In part, it is simply stubbornness and fear on both sides. In practice they are very similar, and in results they are highly complementary, because one works well at small scales and the other at large scales. But in their origins they differ. Western science is relatively new and evolved from the philosophies of Aristotle and Bacon that sought to standardize information so that it could be used by groups of people who did not necessarily live in the same region. People who moved from one region to another relied on this information to aid the growth of their crops, the health of their livestock, and the survival of their young, not to mention the development of weaponry, defenses, and trade. Aristotle stated that humans were separate from the rest of the 'natural' world (this including animals, plants, and the places they lived). This was a pivotal time in history: medicine was advancing and people were making connections between cleanliness and protecting food sources from competing interests, such as rats, which also spread disease. 
Government   were providing security for more and more people, most of whom had descended from tribes that survived by hunting and gathering and competing for these resources with neighboring tribes through conflict and, less often, fragile treaties of cooperation. With this shift from conflict to more and more centralized organization came more time to observe the components of the world not directly related to survival. While not new speculations, a class of 'observer' started documenting the way humans behaved with each other and other curious habits of the species. This class of observer was more often than not composed of members of religious sects, such as the clergy, and likely evolved from the strong shamanic heritage of their ancestral traditions. As these observations amassed and humans were ideologically 'cleansed' of their socially offensive ties to the animal world, human nature sought to explain the observations. Tied into this desire was an increasing belief that the surrounding world was less and less a living, interacting system and more and more a source of resources, composed of 'parts,' each of which could be isolated, understood, and manipulated, usually for the benefit of humans. At this point, any oral histories that linked societies to their environments were rapidly being relegated to the outlying villages and remnants of nomadic peoples. In other words, the 'uneducated.' So the 'observers' or 'scholars' had isolated themselves from their environments and were increasingly reliant on a hierarchy of workers to support their existence and lifestyles, distancing them from the lands and waters that sustained them. Could this be the point where Western science and traditional knowledge diverged as two distinct socially constructed approaches to 'knowing?' That remains to be studied, but perhaps one can link this early form of systematic observation and explanation to the relatively recent process called the 'scientific method' which is often invoked to settle information-dependent conflicts. 
It is my opinion that an important distinction must be made between scales of knowledge with respect to the scientific method and traditional knowledge. TechÂ­nologies such as microscopes and antibodies have given us insights into the unseen worlds of micro-scale processes that we would otherwise never have acquired. As you increase the level of space (for example a cell in the body) and time, you increase the level of complexity, or how many things interact with each other at any given time. By the time you arrive at ecosystems, the interactions of organisms and their habits, you have accumulated an enormous amount of complexity. It becomes increasingly difficult to resolve what is causing which effect. As a consequence, the scientific method and the Western approach to 'understanding' is more tenuous, and it is at this intersection of time and space that traditional knowledge is most apparent as another approach. By necessity, Western science must simplify things to develop testable hypotheses about how they work, which is both precise and useful at smaller scales. In the process, however, it eliminates details, many of which are considered 'descriptive' and either not important to understanding or too confounding. A hallmark of traditional knowledge is that details are exquisitely noted and communicated in such a way that the user can detect small changes and respond accordingly. 
This approach to traditional knowledge has existed as long as we have as a species. The act of residing, surviving, and thriving in a place means that the resident must 'know' her environment in such a way as to repeatedly have a high likelihood of regularly acquiring necessary resources, whether they are physical or not, on a regular basis. The consequence of failure is not the ridicule of one's peers or the failure to get a research grant; it is sickness, suffering, and death. One could say that the stakes in traditional knowledge are much higher, and hence so is the precision. Traditional knowledge requires something that, with few exceptions, Western science has failed to accomplish: long periods of observation in the same place and the transmission of these observations to others in that place so that they can use them practically and often, from a young age. 
Some Western schools of thought romanticize traditional knowledge and perceive that somehow possessing it brings ultimate harmony of the user with his world. No mistakes will be made because there exists a magical link where all things are known. This is part of the devalidation of traditional knowledge because it fails to acknowledge that it, like the scientific method, is a process where information is accepted or rejected based on receiving knowledge continuously, both directly from the system and from one's colleagues, friends, family, and mentors, usually to benefit the community and future generations. 
It should not be surprising that somebody suggests that the approach of traditional knowledge is not limited to humans. We have only recently become aware that elephants have very calculated ways of using and moving through their environments. They will find their food, raise their young, interact, and bury their dead in ways that are distinct to their clans, locations, and preferences and they will transmit this information from one generation to the next using a complex subsonic language. My grandmother told me similar stories about ravens, that we were really not that different, and that if we searched our memories really hard, we could actually see someone we knew in those brilliant, wise, winter eyes. 
Lilian 'Na'ia' Alessa is of Salish ancestry. She received a doctorate in cell biology from the University of British Columbia and now works in the area of adaptive resource management in Alaska, using tools from both traditional and Western ways of knowing. This article is adapted from Alessa's chapter, 'What is Truth? Where Science and Traditional Knowledge Converge,' in The Alaska Native Reader, edited by Maria ShÃ¡a TlÃ¡a Williams and published in 2009 by Duke University Press. For more information, go to the Duke University Press website at www.dukeupress.edu [1] . 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

WE NEED A REVOLUTION: Overcoming Fascism with a Movement of Love Sabine Lichtenfels negotiating with a general, 'Grace Pilgrimage' in Colombia, 2008 By Martin Winiecki / terranovavoice.tamera.org 
November 9th, the day after the U.S. election, will be a peculiar anniversary. On this day in 1938 more than 1000 synagogues and 7000 Jewish businesses were burning all over Germany, set ablaze by the Nazis. Going down in history as 'Kristallnacht' or the 'Night of Broken Glass,' this dreadful event marked the beginning of the Holocaust, resulting in six million Jews killed in less than seven years. 
History reverberates in an eerie manner these days. In the United States, the anger and hatred that has long been boiling in millions of people has now found its political outlet. 
No matter whether or not he will be elected president, Trump's success has been unprecedented and overwhelming. His simple message resonates in large parts of the American society, in people who have long felt betrayed, abused and disenfranchised by an alienated 'establishment.' Trump wins against all reasoning of decency because he recklessly breaks what his supporters most despise: 'political correctness.' He understands how to play the emotional piano of the masses; he's the ultimate caricature of a society teeming with universal corruption and sexual perversion. 
The rise of fascism always seems to hit the world by surprise. Yet what we are now witnessing has not begun with Trump, just as German fascism had not begun with Hitler. Wherever people are prohibited to express their basic emotional and energetic drives, wherever they grow up and live in conditions of fear, mistrust and violence, the danger of fascism looms. Suppressed life energy dams up and turns into constant aggression. When the container of the bourgeois order crumbles, when people lose their jobs, voices and prospects '“ as it has gradually happened in this era of expanding corporate dominance '“ and the state no longer succeeds in controlling violence, the monstrous force of bottled-up emotions breaks free. Once they have a strong paternal authority telling them whom to blame, declaring them to be a collective that will now exact revenge, people get together in wild exaltation. Finally they have a channel and they develop a threatening force.i We must not despise or ridicule these people, but understand how they have gotten into the desperate state they are in. Thereby fascism is no longer a thing of 'the others'; it's something that concerns us all. The psychoanalyst Dieter Duhm writes, 'Latent fascism is present everywhere; it is the cancer of humanity'¦ It develops in the subconscious of our human relationships. In the emotional substrata of a misguided civilization lie the horrible powers that led to Nazi Germany and which currently lead to very similar atrocities in many countries on Earth.'ii 
On the eve of the election, armed militias across the United States are preparing themselves to, as they say, 'take back their country' in case their opponent will 'rig' the elections. People call for boycotting companies who employ refugees from Muslim countries and threaten the people running them. Attacks on people of color, other religions and political ideologies have steeply increased in the time leading up to the election. People no longer see any prospect for the future. They no longer have anything in this world they can believe in. Unable of loving, retaliation is what gives them strength. Similar explosions of hatred are occurring all over the world. When we witness what political prisoners in Turkey (neglected by our Western leaders) or the civilians trapped inside the besieged cities of Aleppo and Mosul are now facing, we know that this global culture has come to a turning point. 
Yet the aggression now explicitly exploding among white lower-class Americans is only a miniature version of the ruthless warfare systematically orchestrated by this country's elites for many decades. War is an essential component of our entire economic system '“ one without which this system would instantaneously collapse. While 'decent' Americans show themselves outraged about Trump, their candidate for President has her blueprints ready for expanding military interventionism around the world. Democratic President Obama has already bombed seven Islamic countries and ordered the drone assassination of thousands of innocent children and women abroad, but he is considered 'moderate' in terms of warfare compared to Hillary Clinton. In the current escalation with Russia and China there no longer seems to be any limit. We mustn't be surprised by what is now erupting inside America. Similar to how it was in the late Roman Empire, the American Empire is entering a phase of self-destruction as it is being eaten up by the very violence it has used to establish itself in the first place. And with it goes the entire capitalist world order this country has essentially shaped. 
Trump is nothing other than a mirror for the world to look into, a call to awaken before it's too late. It is silly to blame the mirror for what you see in it. Trump is not the enemy; he is merely the symptom of a culture worshipping power, violence and greed. If you are afraid of Trump, what you are actually afraid of is this culture. Stopping fascism isn't achieved through ideological battles; it is rather a matter of building a new and humane culture. This is nothing short of a global revolution. A revolution from bottom up, on all levels of society. 
We need a revolution that establishes new foundations for human life on Earth, new foundations for our coexistence with each other and nature. A revolution that allows us to remember the sacredness of life and of all living beings. We need a revolution for solidarity and trust; 'a revolution,' as Dieter Duhm says, 'whose victory will create no losers because it will achieve a state that benefits all.'iii 
On November 9th 2005, Sabine Lichtenfels initiated the 'Global Grace Day' at the separation wall in Israel-Palestine. At the time, the peace activist and co-founder of the Tamera peace research center in Portugal led a group of 50 Israelis, Palestinians and internationals on a 'Grace Pilgrimage' through the Middle East '“ a form of political activism rooted in reclaiming the depth of our humaneness. The activists committed themselves to overcoming hatred and divide by addressing the human being trapped behind the masks of world views and traumatization.iv This allowed for 'miracles' to happen '“ encounters between former enemies invoking the vision of a reunited land. No matter whether it is a dispossessed farmer, a soldier, a fanatic resistance fighter or ourselves, whether it is a fascist, a banker, a liberal or an anarchist '“ there is something identical in all of humanity running far deeper than our ideological denominations: a universal longing to be accepted and seen, a longing to love and be loved, to belong to a community and to express oneself in trust and freedom; and there is a similarly universal trauma stemming from the suppression of these essential human needs. What we need is a revolution that acknowledges and follows human longing and establishes societal conditions where they can finally be met. 
This new revolution will not be achieved by shifting political power from one party to another, but by establishing forms of coexistence which allow the human being to liberate himself from all disguises and reconnect in trust. Every fascist will transform into a loving person, every terrorist into a caretaker for life, if he or she can find home in a community that allows closed hearts to open again. This is not a matter of therapy, but of the social, sexual, ethical   we live in. Building a movement based on communities of trust would not only be a genuine alternative to the fascist threat emerging everywhere; it may also set the foundations for the new global culture we as humanity need in order to have a future worth living on this planet. November 9th is a day of both despair and hope. In 1989 it was the day the Berlin Wall was opened. This year it can be a day for opening the wall of despair'”exercised by people who find their determination to collaborate for a world of solidarity and trust. 
Works cited

ARTICLE

Right to Clean Water & The Fight Against Eminent Domain Images come from the great video coverage of TYT, Democracy Now!, and Unicorn Riot By Jamie Poulos / filmsforaction.org 
The 3.8 billion dollar Dakota Access Pipeline project that has been the subject of controversy, encapsulates some of the main social problems facing society at this time: A justice system that b enefits corporate interests, often at the expense of true progress. Police increasingly being m ilitarized and civil liberties being eroded to protect the powerful! In addition to these issues, you have the determined continuation of a failed energy policy. Pipeline and oil projects are being given the green light without proper assessment of ecological, cultural, and social costs. The protesters want to protect our water, their land, and the sacred heritage sites of the Native Americans. 
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence ( ODNI ), predicts that by 2040 water demand will surpass supply by 40% . This will obviously affect the poorest most. The project has been halted next to the Missouri River and if allowed to continue the drinking water of the area will be threatened. Of course the most disenfranchised groups will suffer the most, mainly the Native Americans. The protesters make up a diverse group , comprising many indigenous peoples, environmentalist, and local farmers.They believe in the justice of their cause, so much so, that they endure extreme encounters from local police force. Dogs, rubber bullets, tear gas, and unfair arrest have been used to intimidate and deter protests. A militarized local police force has not only arrested hundreds of people on false accusations, but have used their position of authority to humiliate those they detain . Daughter of an indigenous leader was targeted, thrown into prison, and forced to sleep naked . Others arrested, were put into dog kennels and numbered . One farmer was arrested on her own land! Technically, according to the Treaty of 1851 , the contested land is actually belonging to the Native Americans. By proclaiming eminent domain the pipeline company has taken over property belonging to other people, including local farmers. Many can not afford to fight the legal battles needed to keep the construction of the pipeline off their own property! When directly asked about the aggressive police force used against peaceful protesters, President Obama placed responsibility on both sides. The aggressive and highly militarized responses of police has been well documented over the past months. This isn't a two sided story as far as social justice is concerned. However, in the Pay to Play global system of today, there is another side. CEO of Energy Transfer Partners, Kelcy Warren, has donated heavily to politicians, local government, and various oversight boards. Could this be one reason their project is receiving the amount and extent of local protection? The oil and gas industry has spent a total of 88 MILLION dollars lobbying this year alone! Why? Subsidies and favorable legislation. While fact and science are not on the industries' side, money is. The Huffington Post recently wrote an article placing Standing Rock into the larger framework of what is happening nationwide. Since the Keystone XL controversy, government agencies have been approving project after project without completing the necessary environmental risk analysis. Advocates of the pipeline emphasize the unlikelihood of any leak or spill occurring. Yet, oil spills and pipeline explosions happen often and go under or unreported. Think Progress published an article stating that over 300 oil spills went unreported within a two year period. Tens of t housands of gallons of oil are allowed to spill without it receiving any attention. James Sutton, from The Hill Talk , notes that from May to June 2016 over 20 oil spills in the US alone went unreported . There are many who criticize the current regulation system which places to much trust in companies. Oil companies are responsible for estimating how much oil has spilled and are then fined per gallon. Needless to say, the damage is often much more than they are readily willing to admit. Another argument often used in favor of this project and others like it, is job creation. The only logical step is to create an energy policy that would force investment into renewable energy . In the documentary Before the Flood we are shown a Tesla Gigafactory. Elon Musk claims 100 such mega battery factories could well remove our reliance on fossil fuels. The industry of oil and coal isn't about creating jobs; it is all about socializing risks and privatizing profits. Not only do certain industries add to the problems of global warming, but they actively deter alternatives . The documentary Who Killed the Electric Car , is a great example of this. By demanding a strict policy forcing a shift to sustainable energy we would be creating far more jobs and slashing the cost of energy. The Green New Deal proposed by Jill Stein is a good starting point for political dialogue. Scientist across disciplines and from all over the World have warned that we are moving closer and closer to a point of no return. We have the technology to reverse this. Do we have the will? We need a major shift in consciousness to begin to solve the pressing issues of our time. This begins with the individual. It need not be a daunting task: One Step

ARTICLE

By Julian Assange / counterpunch.org 
In recent months, WikiLeaks and I personally have come under enormous pressure to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says about itself to itself. That pressure has come from the campaign's allies, including the Obama administration, and from liberals who are anxious about who will be elected US President. 
On the eve of the election, it is important to restate why we have published what we have. 
The right to receive and impart true information is the guiding principle of WikiLeaks '“ an organization that has a staff and organizational mission far beyond myself. Our organization defends the public's right to be informed. 
This is why, irrespective of the outcome of the 2016 US Presidential election, the real victor is the US public which is better informed as a result of our work. 
The US public has thoroughly engaged with WikiLeaks' election related publications which number more than one hundred thousand documents. Millions of Americans have pored over the leaks and passed on their citations to each other and to us. It is an open model of journalism that gatekeepers are uncomfortable with, but which is perfectly harmonious with the First Amendment. 
We publish material given to us if it is of political, diplomatic, historical or ethical importance and which has not been published elsewhere. When we have material that fulfills this criteria, we publish. We had information that fit our editorial criteria which related to the Sanders and Clinton campaign (DNC Leaks) and the Clinton political campaign and Foundation (Podesta Emails). No-one disputes the public importance of these publications. It would be unconscionable for WikiLeaks to withhold such an archive from the public during an election. 
At the same time, we cannot publish what we do not have. To date, we have not received information on Donald Trump's campaign, or Jill Stein's campaign, or Gary Johnson's campaign or any of the other candidates that fufills our stated editorial criteria. As a result of publishing Clinton's cables and indexing her emails we are seen as domain experts on Clinton archives. So it is natural that Clinton sources come to us. 
We publish as fast as our resources will allow and as fast as the public can absorb it. 
That is our commitment to ourselves, to our sources, and to the public. 
This is not due to a personal desire to influence the outcome of the election. The Democratic and Republican candidates have both expressed hostility towards whistleblowers. I spoke at the launch of the campaign for Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, because her platform addresses the need to protect them. This is an issue that is close to my heart because of the Obama administration's inhuman and degrading treatment of one of our alleged sources, Chelsea Manning. But WikiLeaks publications are not an attempt to get Jill Stein elected or to take revenge over Ms Manning's treatment either. 
Publishing is what we do. To withhold the publication of such information until after the election would have been to favour one of the candidates above the public's right to know. 
This is after all what happened when the New York Times withheld evidence of illegal mass surveillance of the US population for a year until after the 2004 election, denying the public a critical understanding of the incumbent president George W Bush, which probably secured his reelection. The current editor of the New York Times has distanced himself from that decision and rightly so. 
The US public defends free speech more passionately, but the First Amendment only truly lives through its repeated exercise. The First Amendment explicitly prevents the executive from attempting to restrict anyone's ability to speak and publish freely. The First Amendment does not privilege old media, with its corporate advertisers and dependencies on incumbent power factions, over WikiLeaks' model of scientific journalism or an individual's decision to inform their friends on social media. The First Amendment unapologetically nurtures the democratization of knowledge. With the Internet, it has reached its full potential. 
Yet, some weeks ago, in a tactic reminiscent of Senator McCarthy and the red scare, Wikileaks, Green Party candidate Stein, Glenn Greenwald and Clinton's main opponent were painted with a broad, red brush. The Clinton campaign, when they were not spreading obvious untruths, pointed to unnamed sources or to speculative and vague statements from the intelligence community to suggest a nefarious allegiance with Russia. The campaign was unable to invoke evidence about our publications'”because none exists. 
In the end, those who have attempted to malign our groundbreaking work over the past four months seek to inhibit public understanding perhaps because it is embarrassing to them '“ a reason for censorship the First Amendment cannot tolerate. Only unsuccessfully do they try to claim that our publications are inaccurate. 
WikiLeaks' decade-long pristine record for authentication remains. Our key publications this round have even been proven through the cryptographic signatures of the companies they passed through, such as Google. It is not every day you can mathematically prove that your publications are perfect but this day is one of them. 
We have endured intense criticism, primarily from Clinton supporters, for our publications. Many long-term supporters have been frustrated because we have not addressed this criticism in a systematic way or responded to a number of false narratives about Wikileaks' motivation or sources. Ultimately, however, if WL reacted to every false claim, we would have to divert resources from our primary work. 
WikiLeaks, like all publishers, is ultimately accountable to its funders. Those funders are you. Our resources are entirely made up of contributions from the public and our book sales. This allows us to be principled, independent and free in a way no other influential media organization is. But it also means that we do not have the resources of CNN, MSNBC or the Clinton campaign to constantly rebuff criticism. 
Yet if the press obeys considerations above informing the public, we are no longer talking about a free press, and we are no longer talking about an informed public. 
Wikileaks remains committed to publishing information that informs the public, even if many, especially those in power, would prefer not to see it. WikiLeaks must publish. It must publish and be damned. 
Julian Assange is the founder of Wikileaks. His most recent book is The Wikileaks Files (Verso). 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Celebrating GLOBAL GRACE DAY, November 9, 2016 As every year, we celebrate the Global Grace Day on this November 9, 2016. First 'Global Grace Day' at the Separation Wall in Israel-Palestine, November 9, 2005 By Dieter Duhm / terranovavoice.tamera.org 
As every year, we celebrate the Global Grace Day on this November 9, 2016. It is a day of taking a decision for a future worth living. Its date reminds us of November 9, 1938, when Hitler Germany began its first massive attack against German Jews in what was called 'Kristallnacht' or the 'Night of Broken Glass.' Yet this date also reminds us of November 9, 1989, when the Berlin Wall was opened. The external wall that was overcome back then now also needs to be overcome within people so that we can find a way out of the unspeakable suffering people currently inflict on each other around the world. People shooting each other, intentionally killing one another '“ this does not belong to the plan of a humane world. Our goal is a world without war, without weapons and without fear. 
First of all, immense gratitude to all those who are offering assistance in this world gone astray; gratitude to all peace workers, all communities and organizations working to support the many people currently fleeing, those that need to persevere in camps without protection, hungry and cold, those that are trapped in war zones (e.g. Mosul, Aleppo) without any prospect for help, those that cross the Mediterranean Sea in crowded dinghies and those that mourn their lost relatives. It is an unending suffering on all continents. Many volunteers travel from hotspot to hotspot trying relieve a kind of distress that can no longer be relieved. We need another solution if want to provide sustainable, lasting help. What could it consist of? 
We need a new foundation for human coexistence. The relationship among people is the greatest crisis of our times. The morphogenetic field of war currently dominating this planet needs to be replaced by a new morphogenetic field of peace. The solution consists in creating new fields of life which the existing world of war cannot integrate, for they are anchored in the universal order, the field of the 'Sacred Matrix.' This field arises when we create new communities that manifest the fundamental values of life '“ solidarity, compassion, love and mutual support. Liberating sexuality and the love between the genders from all false restrictions and prejudices, renouncing lies and forevermore ending all forms of sexual violence belong to the work of these communities as well. 
'Sexpeace' is a key for healing. If truth, trust and love enter at the core issue of erotic love, the entire superstructure of society will change. A different relation to life develops ('re-ligio'), a new relation to animals and all beings. We experience this in Tamera on a daily basis. There is a power greater than all violence. This is the power of communities, which focus in total trust on a common goal for the future and are, while doing so, connected with the inner laws of objective ethics. They can no longer be corrupted nor governed. The power stronger than all violence '“ this is profound trust among people. Where there is trust, higher powers assist us as well. 
In this spirit, we work on the global Healing Biotopes Project . All groups working for peace are warmly invited to join this network. In the name of love for all that lives. 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Or, how to stop worrying and love staving off the dystopian nightmare that threatens. Trump's victory party By Liam Miller / filmsforaction.org 
Here we are. President Trump. 
I'm going to say it again. The pain will stop sooner. We have to toughen ourselves up. 
President Trump. 
Look. I'm not surprised. 
Turnout was low. Trump and Clinton each got 58 million votes and change. But it was enough to hurl Trump into office. 
The polls were close; but Clinton's supporters just haven't been passionate enough, while Trump's supporters are all too. 
We're looking at a bad situation. Potentially nightmarish. But we're also looking at the one situation that can get people to start working together who might otherwise have simply continued to jockey for power. (I'm looking at you, establishment Democrats.) 
Mind you. It's still wretched. But look at it this way: now, we can deal with our racist, sexist, patriarchist history head on. 
Every Sanders supporter is, deep inside, saying 'I told you so'. And they're right. 
Virtually every poll had Bernie thumping Trump soundly. All the arguments people make in favor of Trump, which they seemed to think outweighed his flaws, included bucking the system. All of those people would have voted for Bernie. Someone very close to me, who had been a Republican for four decades, registered Democrat to vote for Bernie in the primary; and they voted for Trump yesterday. 
Bernie was the people's candidate; independents (who now comprise 45% of the electorate) favored him 2:1. There's no doubt he would have trounced Trump; but there is also no doubt that Bernie's ideas are America's ideals. We just can't let these lunatics have their way with the country. 
So look. There's really no time to lose. Let's get the ball rolling. The midterms are two years away; we need to win big. Trump has a Republican Congress; dear lord, the horror. There's a presidential election to win two years after that. Local elections up and down the line. And a lot of grassroots organizing, fundraising, and door-knocking to accomplish. 
At least the Koch brothers and most of the establishment Republicans hate him too. 
Pull together, people. We got this. This work is licensed under an Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License 3.5 Â·

ARTICLE

Donald Trump & Hillary Clinton: Two Figures in a Derailed World What is the Way Out? By Dieter Duhm / terranovavoice.tamera.org 
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton '“ truly two representatives of a derailed world. Both hold up a mirror to our current society. One spoke for the establishment; the other for people's rage against the establishment. Rage prevailed, yet both represent the exact same system, just from two different angles. The fact that Trump won, taking into account all the outrageous things he said, shows what kind of turbulent revolt arises among large parts of the American population. It is the revolt of people who feel betrayed by an unfathomable system and who call for, as so often already, a strong leader. Thus the unrestrained demagogue gets on stage, calling for restoring the nation, for security and unity, and the common fight against all those who could disturb this unity. Sorry to say, w hat comes together here is something we have already once seen in the collective insanity under Hitler. But things will not go so far this time because there is neither a concept nor a political vision behind all these 'tremendous' words. Through the grotesque victory of this megalomaniac player, a movement for freedom could arise in the United States, one which strives for new objectives beyond the existing parties. In addition, positive counter-powers rise up across the globe '“ these are the ones that will set the course of things on a new track. Both ways, the one of Trump and Clinton alike, aim toward a deeply inhumane world; both generate unspeakably many victims. The emotional substratum Donald Trump activates is directed against all those of another race, religion or sexual identity. This is self-protection by way of exterminating others. Hillary Clinton pursues the policies of the political class, of calculated globalization, in collaboration with the international dictatorship of financial power, generating victims in all parts of the planet that are subdued by this globalization. This is the self-protection of the dominating system through market strategies and military force. Donald Trump has alleviated the souls of his audience by granting them permission to think the thoughts they anyway do. It has been a fundamental feature throughout human history that people come to power who are able to mobilize the subliminal 'mass psychology of fascism' as Wilhelm Reich called it '“ this hunger for unity under a powerful ruler. This story has been repeating for millennia and will continue repeating until we put an end to it. Humanity needs a new life order with a new vision of leadership and unity. What is meant is not external leadership, but leadership coming from within . It is not the unity proclaimed through banners and election slogans, but the inner unity of people who coexist in trust to assist fellow beings and serve the Earth. We refer to the unity in the natural connectedness with the great family of life '“ in the self-evident empathy, love and solidarity that immediately come into being when we reach the basis of trust, mutual acceptance and truth. This is the foundation for a life in love, power and health. Another kind of society will arise from this fundament, no longer based on power and capital, but on the truth within human relations. And if our estimate is right, this society will be compatible with the higher order of life, which we call the 'Sacred Matrix.' This movement will give rise to many new centers, birthplaces of a new planetary community. We need to get there, otherwise we will content ourselves with substitutive solutions that regularly lead to catastrophes. As humanity we have long worked with these substitutions. We have set up ideological, political, religious and moral systems intending to secure a fulfilled existence for ourselves. Yet now we are collectively facing the edge of abyss. The era of these substitutions has come to an end. Fascism was a substitution; capitalism was a substitution; the ideas of power and obedience, of autocracy and democracy were a substitution; the Catholic Church was a substitution; the mystic paths all the way to Nirvana were a substitution. The Chosen People, all the smaller and bigger empires, all gods were a substitution; and renouncing all gods and teaching materialistic nihilism was a substitution too. Today, we need another solution on a different social, interpersonal, ethical and spiritual foundation. We need a solution based on truth among real people, above all between the genders, man and woman, because this is the realm that has been most terribly destroyed by the violence of patriarchal history. In other words, if we want to end the worldwide injustice and the unspeakable suffering of humanity and the animal kingdom, we need to base the entire civilization of this planet on another foundation. Neither Trump nor Clinton will assist us here; what is required is a fundamental correction of our civilization and a new vision for inhabiting our planet. I know this sounds out of touch with reality, but it is inevitable and can clearly be done. If there is the vision of a humane existence on Earth it can also be realized. All people are made of the same matter. It is not just fantasy when we see the ONE, which is the same in everyone, within ourselves and all fellow citizens of this planet. We all come from the same universe, are reached by the same sun and have all come to this world from between the enormous legs of our Great Mother. We all share the same longing for love and peace. We all are happy about the friendliness of our alleged opponents '“ and we all would be able to make this friendliness our guiding orientation, could we let go of old, negative forces. For example in Colombia '“it is clear that there are the same souls, the same young people, the same hopes and goals in both conflicting parties. It is clear that there is a potential friendship behind this cruel hostility. Isn't it also clear that there is an original love even behind the fiercest relationship crises, that which has once brought the two together? Likewise, there is another possibility of existence behind the entire massacre of this world, which we recognize when we are not entangled in conflicts. We can understand what love is, how to follow its rules and what a global community of love could look like. We can also see the social, ecological and ethical preconditions needed to make it happen. These preconditions give rise to a new concept of coexistence among people, as well as between people and animals, people and nature. This is what we call the ' Global Healing Biotopes Project .' Slowly spreading, the project works to create a new global field stronger than all violence. We do not tolerate any cruelty on this planet. In the name of love for all that lives. Further Reading:

ARTICLE

The Conscious Resistance (Feat. Derrick Broze) Share on Facebook Tweet Anarchism. Agorism. Awareness. A collection of work highlighting the thoughts of Derrick Broze of The Conscious Resistance Network. Edited by Reckless Aesthetics in collaboration with Lifting the Veil (Recipe for Anarchy) Experimental film combines with tangible insights to offer a path out of the pitfalls of political power. Download or purchase Derrick's books with John Vibes! Reflections... read more 
Anarchism. Agorism. Awareness. A collection of work highlighting the thoughts of Derrick Broze of The Conscious Resistance Network . Edited by Reckless Aesthetics in collaboration with Lifting the Veil (Recipe for Anarchy) Experimental film combines with tangible insights to offer a path out of the pitfalls of political power. 
Downlo ad or purchase Derrick's books with John Vibes! 
Reflections on Anarchy and Spirituality

ARTICLE

By Suprabha Seshan / localfutures.org 
For many years, I've seen more and more of my rural and tribal neighbors pack their children off to school. Now, every morning between 8:00 and 9:00 am in this upwardly-mobile-yet-backward district, the country roads are full of children commuting to school, hoisting bags laden with what they believe is the wisdom and knowhow of modern culture. They are going for vidyabhyaasam (education, or more literally speaking, 'the exercise of knowledge'), and they go to the keepers of this knowledge '“ to teachers in schools. Everyone (parents, children, the state and society) deems this to be good and necessary. 
While I've long been a champion of equal opportunities, I'm now starting to believe that a dark and dangerous psychic predicament is falling upon this land, in part aided by the simultaneous entry of television into village homes, and a slew of fickle government policies aimed at progress, modernity and the end of poverty. 
The result is that self-reliance and land-based sustenance have been, more or less, replaced by a mobile populace commuting daily in the hope of finding skills, knowledge, support, wisdom and security elsewhere. A perverse notion '“ that the 'other is better' than self and home, that this 'other' can be acquired through hard work, enterprise, subsidies and bank loans, that everyone is now entitled to this 'other''“ is now here in our midst. 
Since mental and social strife are also increasing, perhaps this version of modernity, underneath all the glitter and promise, needs some examination. Is it for instance, instilling aspirations that can never be truly fulfilled? Is it exchanging one type of poverty for another? What happens to family and community relations once the young leave? What do these children do, once schooled? 
The subsidiary thesis of this essay is that modern education serves a version of Gulag, by forcing our young to suffer unspeakable conditions at an early age, by compelling them to do school work and homework for a greater part of their day. By sustaining this over long periods, at the most crucial time in their vulnerable years, it breaks them, in order to refashion them into a pliable workforce. By the end of schooling, if they succeed, the young are yoked, through fear and the promise of salvation. (If they fail, as indeed most do, they are consigned to lesser destinies). This arduous entrainment is essential for the great global workplace, and can only happen with various forms of rewards, promises, threats, violence and incarceration. 
Incarceration (both voluntary and involuntary), when sustained and normalized, leads to a range of issues'”shutdown, frustration, disorder, escape, split psychologies, helplessness, dissociation, physical ailments and phobias. These can be seen amongst children, prisoners, slaves, caged and beaten animals, controlled peoples. 
The primary thesis of this essay is that the psychic predicament just outlined goes hand in hand with the destruction of life, with the catastrophic end of the biosphere. 
A DIY manual for colonizing a new land might read: 
' First persuade, seduce, bribe or devastate the people. Break up their society, their beliefs, and their ways of life.' Take over their rivers, and their forests. Do this by hook or crook. Or use plain force, no pretense.' Convince them that it's for their own good. Even better, work on the young. Instill the idea that you have something supremely better to offer.' Draw them into the concrete jungle, into the cyber machine, into the factorial workplace, into the idea of the good life in the shining city.' At all times control their food and water: this instills fear and compliance.' Then, sever their allegiance to their bodies and psyches; hook them to the machine.' Be the mighty provider. 
Evicted populations, trans-located communities, weakened land-based cultures, and migrant workforces need to be fed, watered, educated, employed, housed and kept docile with entertainment. You have them when you've sold them the idea of choice while you've closed all the exit points, and they eat what you supply. Enter a new species of human bred on petroleum-driven food, petroleum-driven water, petroleum-driven health, petroleum-driven culture, petroleum-driven mind. 
Little bodies I've known, bodies tumbling, climbing, swimming, running, now sit still for long hours, with book/notebook/pencil in hand, in thrall, if not of the authority at the far end of the classroom, then of their fantasies. Little minds I've known, curious, aware, sensitive, attuned to the lives of creatures, rivers, land and each other thrown into the maw of the global machine, to be carried away to faraway lands and cities. 
The young are given thoughts, ideas and behaviors to follow or imitate, and to believe without question, to accept without dispute, and to ignore the call of their own bodies. By the end of schooling students take the following to be truths: everything comes with a price tag; it's possible to have an economy without an ecology; the earth is irrelevant; other humans are irrelevant; life is a matter of goods, gadgets, cash transactions and services. 
It's a rare community that does not send its children away to the cold vigilant 'care' of ever-distant adults of varying backgrounds and temperaments, teaching ever-distant things, for the sake of progress and human betterment. This sending away, experienced by children variously as severance, uprooting or exile, is done with good intention, and full conviction. 
The Left, the fringe, the rebels and the spiritually-minded have clearly outlined how schools breed factory workers, zombies and psychopaths. I'd like to propose that schooling is necessary for building a hierarchy of egos by destroying the individual's inherence in community through an insidiously brutal system of reward and punishment normalized in the name of education and social advancement. This hierarchy of egos, with an elite at the top commanding much of the world's wealth and people, is essential to genocide and ecocide. 
Today, I'm on a journey with a friend of mine, a Kurchiya tribesman. We've just come out of a forest to a town bursting with tourist operations, shops selling trinkets, hippie clothing, multinational beverages. I look back towards the jungle, with its thousands of species of living beings, its hills, rivers, valleys, and rain clouds swirling, upswelling. Then my gaze cursorily moves over a famous quote from Nelson Mandela, painted on a compound wall, 'Education is the most powerful weapon with which you can change the world'. 
My first thought is that different realities can be juxtaposed in one eye-sweep. Second, Mandela was not a pacifist. Third, there's a premise here that education is a positive thing, and that there is a shared definition of education. Fourth, Hmmm, that sounds like propaganda, it's a statement aiming to change the world. Fifth, if the word 'weapon' is being used, surely there's a war going on, or theft, injustice, or unspeakable violence, and that education is part of a militant struggle. My sixth thought is that that quote is now used by liberals, right-wingers, leftists, corporate-types and has over two million hits on Google! Just goes to show how great quotes can be co-opted to serve any agenda! 
Are the following true or false, or just inconvenient? 
' Modern education serves the corporate mindset, which serves a psychopathic mind-set that is behind planetary destruction. 
' Modern education feeds young minds and bodies into the industrial machine. It does this, overtly or covertly, by destroying traditional forms of community and replacing them with notions of the global workforce, the global market. By doing this it ends up serving forces of capitalism, industrialism, and a system that rewards the elite. 
' Modern education fetishizes abstraction. It rewards adepts of abstraction and standardization. By starting this early in life, the body becomes subservient to concept and clock, to the virtual, the distant and the measurable. 
Modern schooling fractures the individual in a number of irreparable ways. The fractures are complex, and many: the child from sustained intimate body contact with mother, with family; the child from neighbors; the child's mind from its body, from the natural environment, common/community sense, the land-base; the child from the real and the multi-dimensional (to the abstract and the virtual); from local history (to someone else's future or past); the child from wholeness (towards a fragmentedness); the child from magic, oral histories, gleaming cosmologies, peopled and alive (to facts derived by unknown people and machines); the child from living beings (to inanimate things); the child from rootedness and sense of place; the child from natural, cyclical, expansive time. 
Life is thus reduced to a matter of negotiating between split worlds, split mind-bodies, split communities, split realities, split values, split responsibilities, split knowledge domains, split geographies, split identities, split loyalties. How can a little human being possibly tolerate this? 
R D Laing wrote: 
'In order to rationalize our industrial-military complex, we have to destroy our capacity to see clearly any more what is in front of, and to imagine what is beyond, our noses. Long before a thermonuclear war can come about, we have had to lay waste to our own sanity. We begin with the children. It is imperative to catch them in time. Without the most thorough and rapid brainwashing their dirty minds would see through our dirty tricks. Children are not yet fools, but we shall turn them into imbeciles like ourselves, with high IQs, if possible.' 
Is it a stretch of imagination that school life is a continuous process of disintegration and estrangement? Study after study guarantees that, by the end of formative education, few children have healthy levels of self-esteem and self-worth, including the ones who worked hard and proved to themselves that they could achieve their goals and desires. How many students leave school with vibrant connections to a community that they will contribute to, as it has contributed to them? How many are comfortable in their skins? How many remain 'whole'? The subtext for graduates of schooling goes thus: her body is better than mine, their body type is better than our body type; his mind is better than mine; their minds are better than ours. Their culture is better than mine: television says it's so. 
My Kurchiya friend, a superlative tracker, now raises his children on a diet of Animal Planet and Discovery channels, homework, white rice, white sugar. No jungle meat, no walks on the wild side. I ask him if he intends to teach his jungle craft to his children. He says he will, that he wants his children to know healing with plants and the ways of animals, but that he also wants them to go to school. Vidyabhyaasam is a good and necessary thing, he declares. I ask him about Kurchiya vidyabhyaasam . He misunderstands me and says they have no schools. I ask him how they teach their young. He replies that girls and boys are socialized to become responsible members of their community, with different sets of instructions for either sex, offered by elders in the community or their parents, through a variety of rituals, celebrations, guidance and tasks. Boys, for instance, have bows made for them when they are very small, just to play with, and then they start accompanying the men to the forest, where there is a lot to learn about every animal, and about the forest. 
The Kurchiyas were fierce rebels and proud fighters. They could read the forest better than you and I can read a book. Now they work for wages, and their children go to school. Once they've been educated and urbanized, their bows will be mass-produced for tourist outlets; their elders will recount tales of valor to travelers in homestays, between television commercials; and their amazing bodies will succumb to various forms of civilization-induced diseases like diabetes, hypertension and cancer. 
An oft-touted development mandate goes something like this, 'Get the children in school, and crime rates will drop'. The more I see the effects of modern civilization the more I think, 'Get those children in school, make them extensions of the machine, and the living world, the real world, including themselves, will drop.'

ARTICLE

Donate On Trump: an Open Letter to the Brokenhearted "To those of you that care about diversity, about the environment, about the beauty of queer sexual orientations, about indigenous lands and their right to thrive, and about policing practices that have led to the deaths of many black men and women...I write." How do we respond to this confusing moment? What do we do now? How do we recover? By Adebayo Akomolafe / bayoakomolafe.net 
Let us acknowledge these difficult feelings of loss, these terrifying thoughts that are suddenly very alive in the air today. It is as if Pandora's Box has not only been emptied out into the world, but that it has been mass-produced and spread out to the corners of all lands. Hope now seems in short supply. We are undone. 
I write you because things have indeed fallen apart. While this unspeakable insurgency of despair might goad us into rushing into the next 'organizational moment''“ the itch to hit them back or do something '“ I want to invite us to slow down and pay attention to the stark grief that haunts us now. She stares us in the face, this repulsive visitor. If we must survive, we must return her gaze and let her do her important work with us. 
I am a Nigerian living in India. But like most people on the planet that tuned in to the surrealism of the 2016 American presidential campaigns, I woke up to the shocking news that Donald Trump was not only beating Hillary Clinton on election day, but that there was a frightening possibility he could win. And then that distant possibility, once laughably out of the question, became a gut-wrenching reality-to-come. Hillary's 'blue wall' fell to the man who promised to build more; the media people stuttered as their once pristine cast of glossy pundits groped for words; the Mexican peso fell. And in one fell swoop, it felt like America, the so-called home of the brave was exactly that : a place dyed in fear, where braveness would now be required to keep on living. 
Ever since Donald Trump became the 45 th president of the United States, the internet has been flooded with articles attempting to make sense of this story-bursting, crystal-ball-shattering moment. Politico published a piece with a title that must have resonated with many people around the world: 'How did everyone get it so wrong?' The London-based Independent insisted that 'Donald Trump would have lost US election if Bernie Sanders had been the candidate', while Thomas Frank opined on the pages of The Guardian that 'Donald Trump is moving to the White House, and liberals put him there'. Across the fractured landscape of YouTubia, self-professed Trumpists '“ also surprised by their fortune '“ laughed at liberals, mocking the 'feminazis' that thought Hillary Clinton '“ an admittedly troubled candidate who didn't seem to have a message beyond insisting on her entitlement '“ would simply waltz into the White House. 
I will not attempt to pry open the cadaver of this moment '“ it is probably the case that no post-mortem analysis is good enough to assuage our feelings of shock. What happened is not reducible to a single causative factor or a decidable 'active ingredient'. The world isn't that simple. I will however state, in the spirit of full disclosure '“ the kind of radical honesty we probably need at this time '“ that I secretly wanted this to happen: I was so invested in the idea of a Sanders presidency (and so mortified by what was obvious to me as an establishmentarian attempt to stifle his voice) that I became possessed by a schadenfreude I couldn't easily exorcise. I understood the dangers of a potential Trump presidency, but decided even that was better off to the inertia of the neoliberal status quo as embodied by a Hillary Clinton regime. That argument is not easily maintained in the face of the orange predicament we now find ourselves in. 
In an all-too-real case of 'be careful what you wish for', I find not relief but a painful sympathy with many who had hoped that the morning of 9 th would somehow usher in a more tolerant America. A more beautiful country. A country that cares about its many colours and contours. Now because of Trump and the energies he has activated, minorities are probably less safe. At a time of unprecedented racial tensions and phallic exhibitions of gunmanship, some folks are already dreading their next brief visit to the shopping mall, knowing that the streets are now being painted red with hate, white with racial acrimony and blind nativism, and blue with the authoritarian aloofness of a candidate who promised 'law and order'. The new America. 
It is to these vulnerable ones I write. Those of you that care about diversity, about the environment, about the beauty of queer sexual orientations, about indigenous lands and their right to thrive, and about policing practices that have led to the deaths of many black men and women. 
Without pre-empting Donald Trump or falling into the trap of disillusioned punditry '“ and yet with a keen awareness of the likely consequences of his presidency '“ I ask: how do we respond to this? What do we do? How do we recover? What opportunities are presenting themselves to us to work for (with) a caring world? At the time of writing this letter, there is news of revolt on the streets of Los Angeles, Chicago, New York and other American cities. People are protesting the rise of Trump. People are angry. Around this same time, famed documentarian Michael Moore has suggested concerned Americans should 'fire the punditry' and 'take over the Democratic party'. It is impossible to answer the question of what a 'right' response is, or to speak as if one is situated outside the swirl and flow of things. I do however want to invite you to try doing something less spectacular'¦something small, for it is my opinion that with Trump, the seeds of a 'new' politics may yet be planted. 
When I was growing up in Christian Nigeria, I was taught to think of my life only in terms of its 'greatness quotient'. I was conditioned early to yearn for prominence. Fame. Fortune. Legacy. Success. 'Awakening the Giant Within'. Getting to the top. Lasting forever. Those were resonant memes in my developmental years. The figures of Mandela, Bill Gates, Jack Welch, and Jesus were placed before me as aspirational objects. If I did not do all I can to increase my 'greatness quotient', my life did not really matter. 
I suspect this story is not uniquely mine to tell. We live in a world that places priority in the 'top' and discountenances the 'bottom'. The condition for living a life of meaning and purpose was moral probity: the stunning city of bigness only admitted those who walked the straight and narrow way, I was told. 
Well, if all that held true once, November 8 was a spectacular repudiation. Donald Trump, ill-prepared, a self-decorated humble person, and one who had said awful things about women, attained the highest office in America '“ his face beamed on to the Empire State Building in New York amidst the pomp and pageantry that defined his life. The Joker won'¦and nothing adds up anymore. Punditry is broken. Polls are broken. The sure-banker firepower of celebrity is broken. Virtue is broken. 
Trump strolled to the grand stage up in the front and wrecked it, but in so doing he inadvertently 'gave' us permission to inhabit the aisles '“ to rearrange the entire room. By becoming president, Trump disturbs the idea that the top is worth reaching '“ not because he is so vile that his new position as president denigrates the office, but because his unprecedented campaign and quest for power shakes us loose to recognize that where we stand is a thick place, sewn through and through with voices and potential and power. 
The stunning revelation of these times of upheaval is that 'winning' is defunct, and new relational modes are desperately needed: the red tape, the raised chair, the grand stage, the green room, and the white house are not the interesting, glorified objects they once were. The emperor has lost his clothes. This whole idea that greatness is some end goal to be achieved by the morally pure, the experienced, and the hardworking, has itself been reworked. And we are left with an awkward coming to terms with the fact that life isn't a highway but an ecology of small things and ordinary becomings. 
The way forward is thus awkward '“ or rather, there is no clear algorithm on what to do now except perhaps, among other things, to pay close attention to these twists and turns, these rabbit holes and tricky terrains. To take a critical look at the material details of our lives outside of the lenses of identity politics. An immaculate straight line was never 'there' to begin with. We are left with these small lives the media pretends doesn't really matter until you achieve celebrity status; we are left with the first stuttering words of a politics that invites us to the incommensurability of our small hours, and '“ in place of our fascination with distant power and oh-so-shiny things '“ urges an attention to our bodies, our relationships, our communities, our hidden miracles, our own stories, and our own knowings. 
Let me spell it out'¦what I suggest we can do. Please understand that I do not offer these points with any confidence in their stability or with any sort of finality. I offer them sensing that this moment could very well be that bright spot in the middle of a shadow, affording us an opportunity to co-create a politics that does not terminate with concession speeches '“ a politics that is not tied so stubbornly to single candidates and anorexic voting lines. I sing the songs of other places of power: Embrace the fact that the world is larger than our plots: 
The plot of a story is both its gentle guiding hand and its suffocating grip, helping it move along but also blinding it from realizing that life is bigger, sterner, and more promiscuous than its logic. I could have sworn that with Bernie Sanders' candidacy, the world was finally stepping into an age of deeper justice and beauty '“ that evolutionary moment we all await. His 'failure' to clinch the nomination was a chastising moment for many keen followers of the American primaries. I slowly came to terms with the fact that the world is not beholden to my liberal fantasies. Simply put, the map is not the terrain. The world stretches far and wide beyond our blind spots, our analyses, and our convictions about what justice looks like. Let grief do her work: 
Globalizing society hardly has any place left for grief. When we get uncomfortable, we are urged to pull ourselves together and get back on the wheel. I reckon that today's grief has something to teach us; there is a genius to its workings that allow a shift in how we relate with the world. I do not mean that we should all sit down and hold hands. I do however feel we can acknowledge that we are in a mess, and adjourn the quest for a palliative solution for the time being. Perhaps instead of counting down to 2020, or calling on Michelle Obama to run for office, we can use these days to investigate the edges of our politics. I believe grief disciplines us for this slow kind of work. What is at stake here is more than a liberal agenda, it is how we see the world and therefore how we maintain power structures that no longer serve our fondest hopes. At least for the moment, nurture a suspicion for shiny objects : 
We have become a photogenic people '“ attracted to the spectacular, repulsed by the unseemly. We live in cosmetic pixels. With selfies, Instagram posts, televised news that seems more committed to graphics and bloated soundtracks, and the ongoing digitization of relationships, our lives have been reduced to images '“ and we are forgetting the art of living in the spaces between those images. We are thus habituated to a regime of visuality that defines what is real to us '“ and silences/excludes other voices from mattering. Perhaps the reason why most people were shocked by the news of Trump's win was because they were contained by narratives and material conditions that forced a certain view about America. But then the terrain met the map. We need a new set of eyes. Find the others: 
When things break, we are afforded an opportunity to make reconfigurations. This perhaps is a good time to investigate the contours of our relationships with others, with those we love, with our neighbourhoods, with the strangers who breeze past us in a blur of inconsequentiality. American politics is premised on fixed identity categories '“ that Democrats and Republicans are essentially two aspects of an adversarial binary. To a large extent, each side sees the other as a noxious blight on the face of the country. The first moments of 'healing this divide' is the recognition that even evil has a story, that those persons who hate black people, or curse at 'the gays', didn't just spring out from the earth, fully realized and fleshed out. In a sense that often escapes us, we are unfolding, hyphenated aspects of each other. None of us is on the side of 'good'. Donald Trump and the people that support him are just as much a product of the same media-infused, economically imperilled, people-denying politics that have created us. In a game of sides, the greatest loss we suffer is the other side. Let us leave room for the outlier, for the strange, and for the unexpected. We are not as 'sorted out' as we think we are. Notice the ground upon which you stand: 
I like to say that falling could very well be flying, without the tyranny of coordinates. Technically speaking, falling objects are actually the gravitational pull of attraction between objects. I won't succumb to, or insist that, we are being ushered into a more glorious paradigm of politics'¦I cannot make that claim. There are however sympathies between place and feet, between our stories and our contexts, that call on us to participate in the sacredness of where we are. What attracts you now? What questions matter to you? What performances of place are pressing themselves upon you? What do you do every day? Where do you come from? Does that question make sense? A friend, Eric Chisler, put this sentiment this way: 'Remember the earth. Remember your ancestors. Remember your four-legged, winged, crawling relatives. Remember life. Your life, your way of living, that is the only activism you've ever had. Use it. Make your existence a ritual that honors everything your body and words touch. The times are troubled and you are needed. Wake up'”notice the consequence of every action and non-action. You are needed. You are needed. You are needed.' The confusion about what to do next is redemptive : 
If you are still confused about what this all means, how anyone could vote for Trump, what the future holds and how to respond to this proto-crisis of sorts, count yourself among the lucky ones. Confusion and uncertainty are how multiple agencies negotiate directionality '“ and this ongoing process is important. Even inertia isn't determinately still. We must slowdown in these times of urgency, and allow other agentic forces to reshape us. 
It might be the case that within the specificity of your own context, you know what to do. That's great. March on the streets. Print BLM tee-shirts. Learn how to plant your own food. Investigate your ancestry. Or open a gift shop and invite passers-by to get free hugs. Out of the logic of our emergence, new moments are distilled and new activisms become possible. We must be humble enough to recognize that the 'right thing' to do is almost always known in retrospect, and that justice is always justice-in-the-making. Small lives matter: 
Finally, don't beat yourself up for not saving the day. Even if some archaic policy were conjured by the White House, annulling president-elect Trump's win, it still wouldn't do much to address the politics that made him happen. The fight is not so much with Trump as it is for a new way of meeting our own selves '“ a way of speaking with those we consider 'other than us'. In short, we must turn to each other, for it is in the smallness of our embrace that new worlds burst into life. 

All considered, would it have been great to have a woman president? Yes. That would have assured many of their place in the world and told them that they are valued and needed and worthy of love. And yet, that message finds a more interesting home now that we have lost our way'¦now that hope seems faraway. 
The politics that knocks on our doors right now doesn't have to wait for the next four years. Let your campaigns of sacred enlivenment continue. 
Bayo Akomolafe

ARTICLE

This is an Anthem for Our Times Share on Facebook Tweet I think the world deserves to see the truth about #NoDAPL I tried my best to portray what I felt at camp, I felt LOVE. Love for all people, all living things, Mother Earth herself, and concern for future generations. I felt what this world needs at this time, Unity beyond race, concern for one another, and togetherness. I felt peace and calm. Then when the police came I felt the opposite, I... read more 
I think the world deserves to see the truth about #NoDAPL 
I tried my best to portray what I felt at camp, I felt LOVE. Love for all people, all living things, Mother Earth herself, and concern for future generations. I felt what this world needs at this time, Unity beyond race, concern for one another, and togetherness. I felt peace and calm. Then when the police came I felt the opposite, I felt lies, setups, and oppression, but I'm trying not to dwell on the negative. My only wishes with this video is that it helps in some way. Wasn't sure how to help so I just started filming. Much love to everyone on the front lines!! Much love Standing Rock, Oceti Sakowin, Turtle Island, all Indigenous Nations overseas, all spiritual leaders, and all beautiful Human Beings of all colors (Black, Red, White, Yellow, Pink, and Orange haha! jk). You are all important and I love you all equally! When I was at camp I got the feeling that this is the beginning of something new, something that excited me and woke me up, learning a new way to fight injustice, something bigger than what I thought it was, and it's beautiful. The energy, courage, and unity I felt at camp is inspirational. To EVERYONE at home let's keep spreading truth for those on the front lines! If anyone seeing this goes to Standing Rock, I would encourage you to be humble, sit by the microphone where they talk and feed, and listen to the leadership teach good things. It's a beautiful happening, don't go to lead, go to help... Peace love and prayers to all including the police, sheriff, gov, and ETP, maybe they will have a change of heart. And if not I'll see you on the front lines! hahaha!!! 
- Prolific The Rapper 
Follow Red Warrior Camp , Sacred Stone Camp , Dr0ne2bwild Photography & Video and others for the latest news daily!!.... [watch video below]

ARTICLE

By Tai Amri Spann-Wilson / 400yearsinbabylon.blogspot.com 
Dear Youth, 
On this day after the election, many are asking themselves how this could have happened. Regardless of who anyone close to you voted for, and regardless of how you yourself might vote, in a democratic country, the questions still remain: How could so few be allowed to vote? Why do so few who are eligible vote? How can we call ourselves a country when there seems to be so much hatred between those with differing ideologies? Do we care at all for people who are not like us? These questions can be maddening, but I beg you, don't give up hope. I promise you that just the thought of you gives so many of us so much hope. Especially me. And also, please don't fall into the temptation to hate those who may hate you. These times we are living in are reminding me, oddly enough, of the Empire Strikes Back. Luke, reacting to the violence of the world tries to combat it with more violence and ends up getting his hand cut off. It's only after he goes and studies the intricacies of justice that he is able to confront Darth Vader and the Emperor in triumph. If I were to pick a Grandmaster Jedi of our world, it would be Dr. Howard Thurman, the 'pastor' of Martin Luther King. Dr. Thurman wrote of hate, 'The logic of the development of hatred is death to the spirit and disintegration of ethical and moral value.' While hatred is a natural emotion, acting from it and allowing it to take root will never accomplish the goals we want them to. I call you StillSpeaking Youth to combat what I have seen older generations do to younger generations throughout my lifetime and into history. Each generation seems to think that their generation was the one that knew how best to fight. I'm afraid that the older I get the more I might start saying to younger folkx, 'At least MY generation had the Occupy Movement.' or 'At least my generation was involved in the Black Lives Matter Movement.' But the truth of the matter is that every generation gets their chance to shine and be a part of creating what Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. called, The Beloved Community. We hear a lot about Dr. King's Dream, but what we hear are the little specifics, white children and Black children holding hands and blah, blah, blah. We often miss the big picture. The big picture was that Dr. King believed, as I do, that there is a world possible right here that is far different than the world we live in today. In that world: there is no hatred over religious and political differences; everyone is loved and cherished for who they are, no matter the color of their skin, their sexual orientation, their gender expression; and people aren't treated differently because of how much money they make or what job they work. That Dream is possible, but only when we all put our hands into making this Beloved Community come true. I love each and every one of you so much, even when you get on my nerves I want to protect you from every harmful oppression. But the best way I know how to do that, is to try and help you be survivors in a world of hate. I always want to show you the survival tools I learned, and also the tools I've learned to help create a Beloved Community. Because I know, that just as I will someday be among the eldest generation of this world and that I hope to eventually be an ancestor that you call upon in your struggles, you will someday have to step up to the responsibilities of creating the Beloved Community in your own world just as me and my generation have. You don't have to do it like us, in fact I really hope you don't, we've made a lot of mistakes, but I want you to be those Love Warriors, I need you to be those Love Warriors, and I vow to be the Elder that you need. Just keep holding on and know this, the ancestors, including Dr. Thurman and Dr. King, are ALWAYS there when you call. You know I love you, Tai Amri (Baby Pastor and Jedi Master) Spann-Wilson 4.0 Â·

ARTICLE

NATURE Vs. BAYER - Animals Invade Corporate HQ Share on Facebook Tweet 
More than a hundred animals invaded the office of Bayer in Brussels to protest its intensive lobbying for TTIP and denounce their corporate power consolidation in acquiring Monsanto for $66 billion. 
EZLN is a group of activists who are keen to reveal corporate dirty secrets by bringing nature back into those dirty offices. 
"We'll point out every guilty lobby in this city so that everybody knows where and when they act" - says Sous-Colonel Orang Outan. 
Something more to say ? YES : STOP TTIP ! [watch video below]

ARTICLE

By Omar Kamel / medium.com It's not that we see Trump any differently. Trump is an egotistical racist misogynist who, in a rational world, shouldn't be in any position of power. Then again, neither should Hillary Clinton. We watched from afar (as 'afar' as the internet allows anyhow) as the 2016 presidential campaign rolled on, and, at first, we wanted Bernie Sanders to win, and were very glad to see just how much support he managed to get, but then, Bernie did two Very Bad Things; he said he was okay with Obama's Blacklist and his usage of drone strikes, and he said that he'd support Clinton if he didn't get the nomination. Some people held on to Bernie, but for many of us, for me, that was it. Bernie might still have claimed to be 'better', but he certainly couldn't claim to be 'good'. We also watched the political establishment ignore Bernie and shove Clinton ahead of the self described 'socialist'. We watched as even people like John Oliver and the entire cast of Saturday Night Live attacked Trump viciously and tried to pave the way to a Clinton victory. Oliver even took it upon himself to attack and ridicule minor candidates like Stein & Johnson, but not Clinton. We watched as so-called liberals and so-called democrats made Clinton out to be a hero. We watched as all those people bent over backwards and pretended that Clinton was one of the good guys because they felt compelled to pick between the 'lesser of two evils'. It was pathetic. There's a bit of fatality involved here, to be sure, and a deep level of cynicism. Many of us feel that if America could not choose the best option, then it deserved the worst. Also, there's a harsh desire for rough truth, rather than hypocritical garnish. In a sense, many Americans are Trump, but most of them like to think of themselves as closer in character to who Clinton (falsely) claims to be; liberal, democratic, leftist, humane, charitable, kind. There are some who faced the facts honestly, and admitted that, for all intents and purposes, Clinton was a criminal and a manipulator who plays ball with the worst human rights offenders on the planet (Saudi Arabia and Israel, for example) and relies on their financial and political support. They understood that when promising to continue Obama's legacy, Clinton is in fact promising to kill another 4,000 innocent Pakistanis by drone strikes in an illegal attempt to murder untried 'terrorists'. They understand that this is a woman for whom Madeline Albright is a role model, and Kissinger is an icon, a woman who started out Republican before swapping sides and acting as though she were a Democrat, most likely because she realized that, as a woman, she could go farther as a Democrat. This is a liar who claims to have been dodging sniper fire in a foreign land when she was being greeted with flowers . Throughout the campaign, Clinton supporters have turned a blind eye to her failings. Somehow they were more horrified by what Trump may do than what Clinton already has done. So yeah, we weren't very excited about a Clinton victory. Nothing would change. America would continue to think itself a progressive democracy that voted in first a black man, and then a woman. The demon would continue to wear a passable face, remain'¦presentable. We do not think Trump is any better, but we think a Trump victory would force the USA to admit to what it has become, and would allow other countries around the world to react appropriately now that the cover has been blown. JFK put on a good mask but behind the mask he was a lying adulterer who lifted the weapons embargo on Israel, allowing the US to supply it with the weapons used against Palestinians. The so-called 'Special Relationship' between the USA and Israel began with JFK. His smile and charm, however, make people, even in the Arab world, look back on him with fondness. Bill Clinton was the same, all charm and smiles while he signed off on the use of military force against Americans on American soil (in Waco), and pushed the Palestinians through Oslo, and then later, in his impeachment hearings, pretended the word 'is' was ambiguous. The Bill Clinton I remember was an arrogant liar and a murderer, not a charming man at all. The latest in this series of supposed good guys is Obama, proudly black, but closer to what Malcolm X referred to as a 'house nigger'. Obama did not stop the war machine, and did not close down Guantanamo. Drone usage during Obama's time has gone up exponentially, but'¦he performs beautifully; he cries when school shootings take place, he laughs at himself with an anger translating sketch, he dances and raps to your pleasure, he seems cool and laid back, a great dad, a fun guy . To tens of thousands of Pakistanis though, Obama is nothing but a cold blooded murderer. To Egyptians he is just another in a long line of US presidents who support a military dictatorship, supplying it with money and weapons. To people in Yemen (the poorest Arab country), he is the man who has helped supply Saudi Arabia (ostensibly the most fascist country on Earth) with more than $100 billion in weapons with which they have destroyed Yemen. To millions of people around the world he is a bomb that happens to have a smile painted on it. And now, finally, rather than suffer the pretense of progress under a female president, America has voted for Trump. Good. Lay bare the racism, lay bare the arrogance, lay bare the lies and the brutalities. Face yourselves, see yourselves, and then maybe, maybe, things will change'¦ 
Omar Kamel - I'm not a total bastard. Under my exterior there's a nice guy, but yes - under him there's another bastard. Let's just say I'm two thirds bastard. 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Donate How Cities Can Protect People Threatened by Trumpism Cities can offer shelter and protection to their vulnerable citizens and become a place progressives can exert real power. By Arun Gupta / yesmagazine.org 
The disbelief, shock, and anguish that Donald Trump is now president-elect is giving way to waves of protests. Tens of thousands are hitting the streets in cities large and small, blocking roads, and rejecting Trump's blatant racism, misogyny, and Islamophobia. 
But Trump is swiftly assembling a cabinet. The names being floated include some of the most dangerous fanatics, demagogues, and authoritarians in America, such as Rudy Giuliani, Sarah Palin, Ben Carson, Newt Gingrich, and Chris Christie. Trump has drawn considerable support for his proposals to deport undocumented immigrants, force Muslims to register with the government , and ban immigration from specific countries. He has allied himself with hardliners opposed to abortion and LGBTQ rights, and his website still includes a call for a 'complete and total shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.' 
Not surprisingly, the targets of these policies are terrified. 
But there is also a chance to create bulwarks of resistance that can minimize much of the harm, while creating space for movements to build power and eventually challenge Trump's agenda. 
Let's start in the cities. Cities are places of great diversity, creativity, and tolerance. They are the economic engines of the United States, producing much of the wealth, and where 63 percent of the population lives . Cities are the one place where the left and progressives can exert real power. 
We should start organizing to make cities powerful bastions of noncooperation, resistance, and protection. Activists and organizations can start demanding in every city that city councils and mayors issue resolutions and statements saying: 
1. Our city will not assist or cooperate with any raids or detentions or deportations of any immigrants. This includes assistance of local law enforcement or providing data to the federal government. Already, Seattle Mayor Ed Murray has pledged it will remain a sanctuary city even if Trump cuts off federal funds, as he has vowed to do. 
2. Our city will not cooperate or assist with registration and surveillance programs of Muslims, or any attempts to make our friends, neighbors, and loved ones the enemy. 
3. Our city is a safe zone for all immigrants, Muslims, LGBTQ people, women, and anyone fearing persecution from the Trump regime. 
4. Our cities reject any effort to criminalize or attack Black Lives Matter or other organizing for social justice, as Trump has suggested he might do. 
It's vital to go beyond nice-sounding but toothless resolutions. This would involve directing city and county attorneys to design legal strategies to resist odious federal policies. It means exerting strong civilian control of police departments, which a Trump administration will try to enlist as front-line troops to persecute entire communities. 
It's also vital to pass other resolutions and statements asserting unequivocal support for full reproductive health care for women; no attacks on the right to organize or unions; no attacks on workers' wages, benefits, or health care; and an end to the fossil fuel economy and a rapid and just transition. Complementary strategies can also be developed to make cities more welcoming for LGBT youth and for women denied abortion by creating networks to fund travel and lodging. But it will take organizing to bring local governments on board with such an agenda. 
Many city governments will try to do the minimum and hope protests die down. So there will be a need to organize to get community groups, unions, activist organizations, professional groups, and businesses on board for strong resolutions and action. 
The strategy should be to build a broad-based movement with a focused agenda. In other words, we want as many people on board as possible, but there are also minimum, nonnegotiable demands to protect vulnerable communities. 
Meetings should start happening citywide, in communities and in neighborhoods. Meet with your neighbors, meet with your coworkers. If you're a student, meet with other students. Wherever possible. 
A lot of horrendous things are going to happen, so we need to resist fiercely and build bastions of noncooperation and protection throughout the country. We have to defeat Trumpism without getting suckered into a failed Democratic Party. 
The world is counting on us. 
Arun Gupta wrote this article for YES! Magazine . Arun is an investigative reporter who contributes to YES! Magazine, The Nation, Telesur, The Progressive, Raw Story, and The Washington Post. He is a graduate of the French Culinary Institute in New York City and author of the upcoming 'Bacon as a Weapon of Mass Destruction: A Junk-Food-Loving Chef's Inquiry into Taste' (The New Press). Follow him on Twitter @arunindy . 4.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Donate Deconstructing an Example of Establishment Media Reportage: the Boston Globe Publishes Not-So Subtle Hit Piece on Sanders and Warren Couched in establishment lingo and perspective, relying upon shallow but credible-seeming misinformation, the Boston Globe reveals itself to be no ally of the people or the revolution. Sanders and Warren By Liam Miller / filmsforaction.org 
Why, at such an uncertain time, would the Boston Globe's Michael Levenson (mlevenson@globe.com) and Annie Linskey (annie.linskey@globe.com) sow disinformation and discord? That might seem like an exaggerated statement. But it only requires a slightly critical eye to see they tip their hand quite clearly: They serve the establishment's interests. 
The piece, inoccuously titled Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders duo will lead liberals in the Senate , begins with the wholly unsubstantiated statement, 'Bernie Sanders did not like to open the phone lines to political critics when he hosted his Friday radio show on WDEV'¦' It is an assertion that rings true in a general way; who likes to open communication with detractors? From the gate, this characterization paints Bernie as someone who doesn't like to listen to people who disagree with him; but anyone who has observed him knows this characterization isn't on point. 
To see this, simply watch Bernie's regular, Friday Brunch with Bernie appearances on Thom Hartmann's radio show. The phones were open to any and all, throughout the country. Bernie is always patient, respectful, and compassionate. If this were the only point upon which the authors were off-base, one could excuse it. This is far from the only example, however. 
Their next paragraph is thick with establishment perspective, as they discuss Warren and Sanders' potential ability to 'tap into the populist anger Trump channeled'. Here, the first and only means of understanding why people would listen to Warren and Sanders is anger; not the reasonableness of their positions, the compassion of their views, or their integrity and honesty. This argument is straight out of the establishment media's playbook against Sanders from the primary; in speaking only of his supporters' anger, they blurred the distinction between Sanders and Trump. This was convenient when establishment water-bearers in the media were attacking Sanders on Clinton's behalf, and ultimately successful in handing her the primary (with disastrous consequences). But their utter lack of understanding, exemplified by this limited, tone deaf perspective is the real problem. It's not that people are angry (although some are); it's that they feel, quite distinctly and strongly, that they can trust Sanders and Warren to both understand and advocate for their perspectives. When understood in this way, this piece's failure is not just an oversight; it is a deliberate marginalization, that lays groundwork for future dismissal. 
A few paragraphs later, they say 'Their [Warren and Sanders'] history is more fraught and their future more uncertain than their ideological alliances might suggest', before going on to quoting Charles Chamberlain of Democracy for America's view that they would be leading the party and the movement. Then they continue: 'Still, tensions may lie ahead,' before going on to claim that Warren is more of an insider while Sanders ('an independent and self-professed socialist') is more of an outsider. Setting aside the obvious dog-whistle 'socialist', when Sanders in fact terms himself a 'democratic-socialist', the presumption of friction between them is simple unsupported speculative gossip. Oh, sorry '“ it's supported by a University political scientist, who is cited as saying there 'can really be only one custodian of the heart of the Democratic base,' and so Warren and Sanders interests must collide. This of course presumes that either of them covets such a role; in fact, as we saw throughout the primary by Sanders' repeatedly demurring on his own individual importance, and Warren's consistent, ongoing rebuff of any and all attempts to get her to evince even the slightest aspiration to power. Simply put, the authors don't understand Warren and Sanders, because they (like so many in the media) can only comprehend those in political life as, at heart, self-interested sociopaths. They must hunger for power; and so they must, eventually, be at odds. 
The piece goes on to discuss Sanders and Warren's ongoing conversations on his radio show, and their tendency to agree; then, in a seemingly pointless non-sequitur, makes an isolated quote of the station owner, who says he 'can't say' that it was 'wonderful radio'. This point, entirely irrelevant to the purported point at hand (that Warren and Sanders would lead the Democratic party in the Senate), reflects poorly on them both; and is, indeed, a most indicative morsel of information. With it, we see that the authors are not sympathetic to Warren or Sanders. And, in the tradition established by the New York Times with their documented bias against Sanders (Matt Taibbi of Rolling Stone's account of this is a chilling), subtly malign under the guise of reportage. They write in support of the political establishment; and with that understanding, their intent is revealed. 
The authors' most egregious assertion is that 'Warren refused Sanders' repeated entreaties to endorse his run for the presidency.' This is a plausible-seeming, but entirely unsubstantiated bit of gossip. It's true, Sanders' supporters longed for Warren to endorse him, and many of them doubtless pled on his behalf; but there is absolutely nothing to support the claim that Sanders himself made such entreaties. This version of events does, however, play neatly into the narrative of friction that the authors want to present. 
I could be criticized for making too much of such seeming small details; but in fact, the point I am making here is that 'reporters' such as these two are not reporting about events, or even real people; they are reporting about the establishment's views, seemingly congratulating each other on the subtlety of their understanding, while whole-heartedly missing the point and ignoring reality. Everything they say is in line with the same, lazy narrative espoused by establishment media througout the election. They don't, and don't want to understand Warren or Sanders; they don't comprehend why anyone would prefer them to Clinton; and the piece reveals their ongoing failure to self-reflect, to see how their own narrowness of perspective '“ which only reinforces itself, and those who agree with it '“ created the media echo-chamber that ultimately facilitated the rise of Trump. 
Not that we need it further confirmation of the intent to discredit, but the authors of this not-so-subtle hit piece gave the last word on Warren and Sanders to former Republican Senator Jud Gregg of New Hampshire: 'They're carrying the mantle of socialism, and it's on the rise in the Democratic Party'. More red-baiting (which establishment Democrats employed against Sanders throughout the primary); no mention of the absolutely dominant support Warren and Sanders' positions enjoy among the American people (Juan Cole wrote an eye-popping piece about this in May of last year). So what, in fact, did the authors have in mind? It's hard to say specifically, but their establishment bias, in style and intent, is clear. Maybe at this point it's just habit. Or maybe they're still trying to pretend that they've been right all along, and that we still ought to listen to them. 
To which I say: President Trump. 
Nowhere in the piece do they substantiate their own title: that Warren and Sanders would lead in the Senate. They quote a leader of Democracy for America, who makes the case that they'd be leading 'the movement'; but they quote literally no one else in the Senate, and there is no mention of what specific form their leadership of the Senate might take. The title is pure, trojan clickbait; dangled to entice folks interested in Sanders and Warren (especially those who, rightly disenchanted with the establishement, might be investigating Warren and Sanders for the first time). Any who are informing themselves about Warren and Sanders for the first time would, based on this piece, start off with the view that they are extreme, petty, and their history is fraught with squabbling. No leaders to be found here; best to continue to trust the political establishment, and those who (like the authors) are here to tell you all about it. 
We need to hold such examples of failed journalism up to scrutiny; those of us who have followed the election closely know this kind of smear piece, in support of establishment ideals and efforts, put us in this position. They don't serve the public good; they don't report accurately on events; and they certainly will be of no help in stopping the oligarchs' agenda. You can't stop the oligarchy if you are carrying water for its creatures, and making baseless attacks upon those who oppose it '“ however sublte, or couched in orthodoxy. In fact, mindless allegiance to that orthodoxy is the heart of the problem. 
We can't afford it any more. There must be no place for such blind, pro-establishment partisanship, in governance or reportage. Any news source that misrepresents information to serve the establishment must be revealed and rebuked. 
There's just no more time. 
This work is licensed under an Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License 3.5 Â·

ARTICLE

Share on Facebook Tweet The birds they sang at the break of day Start again I heard them say Don't dwell on what has passed away or what is yet to be. Ah the wars they will be fought again The holy dove She will be caught again bought and sold and bought again the dove is never free. Ring the bells that still can ring Forget your perfect offering There is a crack in everything That's how the light... read more The birds they sang at the break of day Start again

ARTICLE

By Dawn Phillips / medium.com The Trump victory is devastating. Devastating for communities of color, immigrants, women, Muslims and queer communities. Devastating for us. Trump has given new voice to deeply rooted white supremacy, gender violence, xenophobia and hatred. Hatred of everything that we are. Hatred of everything that we have struggled against. There are no illusions, we have lived a long time with terror and injustice. But there should be no illusions, that this marks a new phase. A new phase in the development of fascist demagoguery in the belly of the beast. We were not ready to jump on the Clinton bandwagon. Not ready to support her neoliberal agenda at home and promotion of American empire abroad. Not ready to forget her tone-deaf engagement with Black and immigrant organizers and lack of interest in taking action on race. She was not our grandmother and she did not speak for us. But despite her limitations there should be no illusion that we have ended up with the greater of two evils. Trump's fascism over Clinton's neoliberalism. We have always resisted. Resisted the lies of the two-party electoral game. Resisted police beatings and murders. Resisted environmental degradation and the evils of corporate polluters. Resisted male violence and transphobia. Resisted the rich bosses and landlords who own the airwaves and politicians. Resistance is our legacy. Resistance is our duty. We have resisted a long time. We will continue to resist. Our goal is transformation. A world where housing is a right and there is a guaranteed living wage for all. A world where neighbors come together to decide the future of their communities and development serves human need, not profit. A world where treaties are honored, where there is self-determination for Native and Black peoples. A world where women, young people and queer folks make decisions about public resources and policies. A world without borders, where we are free to move for health, for love, for work, for family. We want to transform racial divisions between and within our communities of color. We want to transform structures of hetropatriarchy in our families. We want to transform the very nature of our relationships from the individual, to the community, to the societal. This is not about an election or a policy or a political party. Our vision of transformation is deeper and will require not only a change in the system, but a change within ourselves. Our strategy is to organize and build power. We will continue to talk to our neighbors, to those facing evictions and deportations. We will come together in our living rooms and kitchens to share our struggles, articulate vision, strategy and plans. We will take collective action to fight and win locally where we have had the greatest impact in improving lives and conditions. We will build movement. We will engage our differences with respect and honesty. We will connect our humanity and unite around our shared needs and interest. We will build trust and solidarity. Local Organizing Matters A renter movement has emerged in the Bay Area that is as concerned with racial justice as it is with housing justice and this vision is reverberating nationally. Immigrant women are growing a domestic worker movement that is invigorating the labor movement and winning local and state level fights across the country. In Maricopa County, thousands of Latinos organized to oust Joe Arpaio and end 24 years of racist policing. Local organizing matters. Local power matters. Change and transformation will rise up from our neighborhoods and cities, it will not flow down from D.C., the President or the Democrats. The outcomes and impacts of this election are still unfolding. While our assessments and interventions are still in development, one thing is clear. Now more than ever, there is a need for our resistance, our vision of transformation and the hard work of organizing, building power and growing our movement. There was no illusion that things were going to get easier, only the reality that our struggle continues and must become stronger and more effective. Onward. Dawn Phillips is Co-Director of Programs at Causa Justa :: Just Cause and Executive Director at Right to the City Alliance. 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

10 Ways to Resist Right Wing Populism Stop Analysing and Act! By Paul Mason / medium.com I'm just one journalist covering the meltdown of the neoliberal world and the rapid slide to xenophobia and nationalism, in the UK the USA and parts of Europe. I'll probably write one more big analysis of Trump and Brexit, but I'm aready sick of reading analysis articles by people who didn't see this coming. They all boil down to the same thing: neoliberalism is fucked and the elite has no idea what to do faced with right-wing populism because they can't imagine capitalism without inequality. This is my personal suggestion on what we, the global left, should do. 1. Protest. Young Americans, especially high school students, are on the streets right now. They didnt need to be told what slogans, or to ask permission, or wait for a statement from their leaders. They just went, scrawling placards saying #NotMyPresident. Let's take that global. 2. Strike. Yes, strike. Trump's inauguration day is Friday 20 January '” a work day. Take it off and block the streets of your town. If you can get to Washington DC get there and block the streets. All across the world people are planning to mark #J20 with street protests and vigils '” but we should do more. We should stop work in the first global mass strike against bigotry. 3. Boycott the companies actively supporting Trump. This means pressuring the companies who do business with them. Who takes ads on Fox, or in the British Sun or the New York Post? Boycott them until they stop. The Knights of Labor did this in the 1880s and it worked. 4. Build a new political alliance. The elite's ideology is fucked. Their party systems are proved useless. Clinton outspent Trump '” it didn't matter. The left needs to up its game to either take control and renovate the progressive and socialist parties, or to rapidly replace them. Liberal centrist politicians need to stop attacking the left and make a strategic alliance with the left '” understanding that xenophobic nationalism is the main enemy. 5. Kill neoliberalism. Every think tanker, investment analyst and policy adviser who comes out with bullshit about how the market-led system is best must be told: this is where it leads: to Trump, Brexit and Le Pen. Millions of people are sick of seeing wealth flow upwards and good jobs disappear and they will vote to end globalisation if that's the only way to end the pain. To save globalisation we need to kill neoliberalism. 6. Design an alternative. Right now the neoliberal elite is in meltdown, because globalisation is on the edge of collapse. We have to plead now with the economists, the expert voices, even the central bankers to help radically reform capitalism in a way that delivers high wages, cheap public services, greater equality and greener growth. 7. Get a different media. Trump won because social media weaponised post-factual content made by the alt-right, and because billionaire owned news channels promoted him '” and promoted the ignorance he feeds off. Well there are billions of dollars in Hollywood and Silicon Valley too '” and the liberal elite, if they don't want to see Western democracies ruled by Trump, Farage and Le Pen should put their money where their principles are and start funding a progressive mass media. In the meantime the theatre, literature, internet video channels, and progressive music artists: it's up to you. Throw open your spaces and turn them into an alternative face-to-face media. 8. Reclaim the term 'working class'. No compromise with racism, sexism and xenophobia. The working class is not 'white''” it is multicoloured and more than half of it are women. Stop thinking 'if only we, the left, could connect with what is positive in the prejudice of the white poor'. Nothing's positive. If you're black, Hispanic, gay, trans or female; if you're an immigrant in what now feels like a hostile territory'¦ you can't duck the fight that's coming. The rest of us should stand alongside the victims of Trump's America, not behind them. 9. Choose one fight and become expert in it. Trump, the British Tories, the far right in Europe '” will attack on all fronts. You are just one person so you need to assess your skills and resources and (my suggestion) operate like this: concentrate on one point of resistance chosen by you '” but at critical moments, and through consensus, drop everything for the one big thing that matters. Not three points of resistance, and not ten big things that matter. One and one. 10. Take the political battle outside politics. Trump and Brexit have politicised everyday life: the person serving your coffee is a migrant? Trump and Farage politicised it. Don't duck away from it. Say something to them. Do something every day, every hour that resists racism, proto fascism and misogyny. Don't tolerate the ideological bullshit spread by the ultra-right in your life. 
Paul Mason - Author: Postcapitalism '” A Guide to Our Future | Producer: #ThisIsACoup documentary | Writer & Broadcaster 4.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Donate Trump in the White House: an Interview With Noam Chomsky Noam Chomsky speaks in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on March 12, 2015. (Photo: Ministerio de Cultura de la NaciÃ³n Argentina) By C.J. Polychroniou / truth-out.org On November 8, 2016, Donald Trump managed to pull the biggest upset in US politics by tapping successfully into the anger of white voters and appealing to the lowest inclinations of people in a manner that would have probably impressed Nazi propagandist Joseph Goebbels himself. But what exactly does Trump's victory mean, and what can one expect from this megalomaniac when he takes over the reins of power on January 20, 2017? What is Trump's political ideology, if any, and is "Trumpism" a movement? Will US foreign policy be any different under a Trump administration? Some years ago, public intellectual Noam Chomsky warned that the political climate in the US was ripe for the rise of an authoritarian figure. Now, he shares his thoughts on the aftermath of this election, the moribund state of the US political system and why Trump is a real threat to the world and the planet in general. C.J. Polychroniou for Truthout: Noam, the unthinkable has happened: In contrast to all forecasts, Donald Trump scored a decisive victory over Hillary Clinton, and the man that Michael Moore described as a "wretched, ignorant, dangerous part-time clown and full-time sociopath" will be the next president of the United States. In your view, what were the deciding factors that led American voters to produce the biggest upset in the history of US politics? Noam Chomsky: Before turning to this question, I think it is important to spend a few moments pondering just what happened on November 8, a date that might turn out to be one of the most important in human history, depending on how we react. No exaggeration. The most important news of November 8 was barely noted, a fact of some significance in itself. On November 8, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) delivered a report at the international conference on climate change in Morocco (COP22) which was called in order to carry forward the Paris agreement of COP21. The WMO reported that the past five years were the hottest on record. It reported rising sea levels, soon to increase as a result of the unexpectedly rapid melting of polar ice, most ominously the huge Antarctic glaciers. Already, Arctic sea ice over the past five years is 28 percent below the average of the previous 29 years, not only raising sea levels, but also reducing the cooling effect of polar ice reflection of solar rays, thereby accelerating the grim effects of global warming. The WMO reported further that temperatures are approaching dangerously close to the goal established by COP21, along with other dire reports and forecasts. Another event took place on November 8, which also may turn out to be of unusual historical significance for reasons that, once again, were barely noted. On November 8, the most powerful country in world history, which will set its stamp on what comes next, had an election. The outcome placed total control of the government -- executive, Congress, the Supreme Court -- in the hands of the Republican Party, which has become the most dangerous organization in world history. Apart from the last phrase, all of this is uncontroversial. The last phrase may seem outlandish, even outrageous. But is it? The facts suggest otherwise. The Party is dedicated to racing as rapidly as possible to destruction of organized human life. There is no historical precedent for such a stand. Is this an exaggeration? Consider what we have just been witnessing. During the Republican primaries, every candidate denied that what is happening is happening -- with the exception of the sensible moderates, like Jeb Bush, who said it's all uncertain, but we don't have to do anything because we're producing more natural gas, thanks to fracking. Or John Kasich, who agreed that global warming is taking place, but added that "we are going to burn [coal] in Ohio and we are not going to apologize for it." The winning candidate, now the president-elect, calls for rapid increase in use of fossil fuels, including coal; dismantling of regulations; rejection of help to developing countries that are seeking to move to sustainable energy; and in general, racing to the cliff as fast as possible. Trump has already taken steps to dismantle the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) by placing in charge of the EPA transition a notorious (and proud) climate change denier, Myron Ebell. Trump's top adviser on energy, billionaire oil executive Harold Hamm, announced his expectations, which were predictable: dismantling regulations, tax cuts for the industry (and the wealthy and corporate sector generally), more fossil fuel production, lifting Obama's temporary block on the Dakota Access pipeline. The market reacted quickly. Shares in energy corporations boomed, including the world's largest coal miner, Peabody Energy, which had filed for bankruptcy, but after Trump's victory, registered a 50 percent gain. The effects of Republican denialism had already been felt. There had been hopes that the COP21 Paris agreement would lead to a verifiable treaty, but any such thoughts were abandoned because the Republican Congress would not accept any binding commitments, so what emerged was a voluntary agreement, evidently much weaker. Effects may soon become even more vividly apparent than they already are. In Bangladesh alone, tens of millions are expected to have to flee from low-lying plains in coming years because of sea level rise and more severe weather, creating a migrant crisis that will make today's pale in significance. With considerable justice, Bangladesh's leading climate scientist says that "These migrants should have the right to move to the countries from which all these greenhouse gases are coming. Millions should be able to go to the United States." And to the other rich countries that have grown wealthy while bringing about a new geological era, the Anthropocene, marked by radical human transformation of the environment. These catastrophic consequences can only increase, not just in Bangladesh, but in all of South Asia as temperatures, already intolerable for the poor, inexorably rise and the Himalayan glaciers melt, threatening the entire water supply. Already in India, some 300 million people are reported to lack adequate drinking water. And the effects will reach far beyond. It is hard to find words to capture the fact that humans are facing the most important question in their history -- whether organized human life will survive in anything like the form we know -- and are answering it by accelerating the race to disaster. Similar observations hold for the other huge issue concerning human survival: the threat of nuclear destruction, which has been looming over our heads for 70 years and is now increasing. It is no less difficult to find words to capture the utterly astonishing fact that in all of the massive coverage of the electoral extravaganza, none of this receives more than passing mention. At least I am at a loss to find appropriate words. Turning finally to the question raised, to be precise, it appears that Clinton received a slight majority of the vote. The apparent decisive victory has to do with curious features of American politics: among other factors, the Electoral College residue of the founding of the country as an alliance of separate states; the winner-take-all system in each state; the arrangement of congressional districts (sometimes by gerrymandering) to provide greater weight to rural votes (in past elections, and probably this one too, Democrats have had a comfortable margin of victory in the popular vote for the House, but hold a minority of seats); the very high rate of abstention (usually close to half in presidential elections, this one included). Of some significance for the future is the fact that in the age 18-25 range, Clinton won handily, and Sanders had an even higher level of support. How much this matters depends on what kind of future humanity will face. According to current information, Trump broke all records in the support he received from white voters, working class and lower middle class, particularly in the $50,000 to $90,000 income range, rural and suburban, primarily those without college education. These groups share the anger throughout the West at the centrist establishment, revealed as well in the unanticipated Brexit vote and the collapse of centrist parties in continental Europe. [Many of] the angry and disaffected are victims of the neoliberal policies of the past generation, the policies described in congressional testimony by Fed chair Alan Greenspan -- "St. Alan," as he was called reverentially by the economics profession and other admirers until the miraculous economy he was supervising crashed in 2007-2008, threatening to bring the whole world economy down with it. As Greenspan explained during his glory days, his successes in economic management were based substantially on "growing worker insecurity." Intimidated working people would not ask for higher wages, benefits and security, but would be satisfied with the stagnating wages and reduced benefits that signal a healthy economy by neoliberal standards. Working people, who have been the subjects of these experiments in economic theory, are not particularly happy about the outcome. They are not, for example, overjoyed at the fact that in 2007, at the peak of the neoliberal miracle, real wages for nonsupervisory workers were lower than they had been years earlier, or that real wages for male workers are about at 1960s levels while spectacular gains have gone to the pockets of a very few at the top, disproportionately a fraction of 1%. Not the result of market forces, achievement or merit, but rather of definite policy decisions, matters reviewed carefully by economist Dean Baker in recently published work . The fate of the minimum wage illustrates what has been happening. Through the periods of high and egalitarian growth in the '50s and '60s, the minimum wage -- which sets a floor for other wages -- tracked productivity. That ended with the onset of neoliberal doctrine. Since then, the minimum wage has stagnated (in real value). Had it continued as before, it would probably be close to $20 per hour. Today, it is considered a political revolution to raise it to $15. With all the talk of near-full employment today, labor force participation remains below the earlier norm. And for working people, there is a great difference between a steady job in manufacturing with union wages and benefits, as in earlier years, and a temporary job with little security in some service profession. Apart from wages, benefits and security, there is a loss of dignity, of hope for the future, of a sense that this is a world in which I belong and play a worthwhile role. The impact is captured well in Arlie Hochschild's sensitive and illuminating portrayal of a Trump stronghold in Louisiana , where she lived and worked for many years. She uses the image of a line in which residents are standing, expecting to move forward steadily as they work hard and keep to all the conventional values. But their position in the line has stalled. Ahead of them, they see people leaping forward, but that does not cause much distress, because it is "the American way" for (alleged) merit to be rewarded. What does cause real distress is what is happening behind them. They believe that "undeserving people" who do not "follow the rules" are being moved in front of them by federal government programs they erroneously see as designed to benefit African-Americans, immigrants and others they often regard with contempt. All of this is exacerbated by [Ronald] Reagan's racist fabrications about "welfare queens" (by implication Black) stealing white people's hard-earned money and other fantasies. Sometimes failure to explain, itself a form of contempt, plays a role in fostering hatred of government. I once met a house painter in Boston who had turned bitterly against the "evil" government after a Washington bureaucrat who knew nothing about painting organized a meeting of painting contractors to inform them that they could no longer use lead paint -- "the only kind that works" -- as they all knew, but the suit didn't understand. That destroyed his small business, compelling him to paint houses on his own with substandard stuff forced on him by government elites. Sometimes there are also some real reasons for these attitudes toward government bureaucracies. Hochschild describes a man whose family and friends are suffering bitterly from the lethal effects of chemical pollution but who despises the government and the "liberal elites," because for him, the EPA means some ignorant guy who tells him he can't fish, but does nothing about the chemical plants. These are just samples of the real lives of Trump supporters, who are led to believe that Trump will do something to remedy their plight, though the merest look at his fiscal and other proposals demonstrates the opposite -- posing a task for activists who hope to fend off the worst and to advance desperately needed changes. Exit polls reveal that the passionate support for Trump was inspired primarily by the belief that he represented change, while Clinton was perceived as the candidate who would perpetuate their distress. The "change" that Trump is likely to bring will be harmful or worse, but it is understandable that the consequences are not clear to isolated people in an atomized society lacking the kinds of associations (like unions) that can educate and organize. That is a crucial difference between today's despair and the generally hopeful attitudes of many working people under much greater economic duress during the Great Depression of the 1930s. There are other factors in Trump's success. Comparative studies show that doctrines of white supremacy have had an even more powerful grip on American culture than in South Africa, and it's no secret that the white population is declining. In a decade or two, whites are projected to be a minority of the work force, and not too much later, a minority of the population. The traditional conservative culture is also perceived as under attack by the successes of identity politics, regarded as the province of elites who have only contempt for the ''hard-working, patriotic, church-going [white] Americans with real family values'' who see their familiar country as disappearing before their eyes. One of the difficulties in raising public concern over the very severe threats of global warming is that 40 percent of the US population does not see why it is a problem, since Christ is returning in a few decades. About the same percentage believe that the world was created a few thousand years ago. If science conflicts with the Bible, so much the worse for science. It would be hard to find an analogue in other societies. The Democratic Party abandoned any real concern for working people by the 1970s, and they have therefore been drawn to the ranks of their bitter class enemies, who at least pretend to speak their language -- Reagan's folksy style of making little jokes while eating jelly beans, George W. Bush's carefully cultivated image of a regular guy you could meet in a bar who loved to cut brush on the ranch in 100-degree heat and his probably faked mispronunciations (it's unlikely that he talked like that at Yale), and now Trump, who gives voice to people with legitimate grievances -- people who have lost not just jobs, but also a sense of personal self-worth -- and who rails against the government that they perceive as having undermined their lives (not without reason). One of the great achievements of the doctrinal system has been to divert anger from the corporate sector to the government that implements the programs that the corporate sector designs, such as the highly protectionist corporate/investor rights agreements that are uniformly mis-described as "free trade agreements" in the media and commentary. With all its flaws, the government is, to some extent, under popular influence and control, unlike the corporate sector. It is highly advantageous for the business world to foster hatred for pointy-headed government bureaucrats and to drive out of people's minds the subversive idea that the government might become an instrument of popular will, a government of, by and for the people. Is Trump representing a new movement in American politics, or was the outcome of this election primarily a rejection of Hillary Clinton by voters who hate the Clintons and are fed-up with "politics as usual?" It's by no means new. Both political parties have moved to the right during the neoliberal period. Today's New Democrats are pretty much what used to be called "moderate Republicans." The "political revolution" that Bernie Sanders called for, rightly, would not have greatly surprised Dwight Eisenhower. The Republicans have moved so far toward a dedication to the wealthy and the corporate sector that they cannot hope to get votes on their actual programs, and have turned to mobilizing sectors of the population that have always been there, but not as an organized coalitional political force: evangelicals, nativists, racists and the victims of the forms of globalization designed to set working people around the world in competition with one another while protecting the privileged and undermining the legal and other measures that provided working people with some protection, and with ways to influence decision-making in the closely linked public and private sectors, notably with effective labor unions. The consequences have been evident in recent Republican primaries. Every candidate that has emerged from the base -- such as [Michele] Bachmann, [Herman] Cain or [Rick] Santorum -- has been so extreme that the Republican establishment had to use its ample resources to beat them down. The difference in 2016 is that the establishment failed, much to its chagrin, as we have seen. Deservedly or not, Clinton represented the policies that were feared and hated, while Trump was seen as the symbol of "change" -- change of what kind requires a careful look at his actual proposals, something largely missing in what reached the public. The campaign itself was remarkable in its avoidance of issues, and media commentary generally complied, keeping to the concept that true "objectivity" means reporting accurately what is "within the beltway," but not venturing beyond. Trump said following the outcome of the election that he "will represent all Americans." How is he going to do that when the nation is so divided and he has already expressed deep hatred for many groups in the United States, including women and minorities? Do you see any resemblance between Brexit and Donald Trump's victory? There are definite similarities to Brexit, and also to the rise of the ultranationalist far-right parties in Europe -- whose leaders were quick to congratulate Trump on his victory , perceiving him as one of their own: [Nigel] Farage, [Marine] Le Pen, [Viktor] Orban and others like them. And these developments are quite frightening. A look at the polls in Austria and Germany -- Austria and Germany -- cannot fail to evoke unpleasant memories for those familiar with the 1930s, even more so for those who watched directly, as I did as a child. I can still recall listening to Hitler's speeches, not understanding the words, though the tone and audience reaction were chilling enough. The first article that I remember writing was in February 1939, after the fall of Barcelona, on the seemingly inexorable spread of the fascist plague. And by strange coincidence, it was from Barcelona that my wife and I watched the results of the 2016 US presidential election unfold. As to how Trump will handle what he has brought forth -- not created, but brought forth -- we cannot say. Perhaps his most striking characteristic is unpredictability. A lot will depend on the reactions of those appalled by his performance and the visions he has projected, such as they are. Trump has no identifiable political ideology guiding his stance on economic, social and political issues, yet there are clear authoritarian tendencies in his behavior. Therefore, do you find any validity behind the claims that Trump may represent the emergence of "fascism with a friendly face?" in the United States? For many years, I have been writing and speaking about the danger of the rise of an honest and charismatic ideologue in the United States, someone who could exploit the fear and anger that has long been boiling in much of the society, and who could direct it away from the actual agents of malaise to vulnerable targets. That could indeed lead to what sociologist Bertram Gross called "friendly fascism" in a perceptive study 35 years ago. But that requires an honest ideologue, a Hitler type, not someone whose only detectable ideology is Me. The dangers, however, have been real for many years, perhaps even more so in the light of the forces that Trump has unleashed. With the Republicans in the White House, but also controlling both houses and the future shape of the Supreme Court, what will the US look like for at least the next four years? A good deal depends on his appointments and circle of advisers. Early indications are unattractive, to put it mildly. The Supreme Court will be in the hands of reactionaries for many years, with predictable consequences. If Trump follows through on his Paul Ryan-style fiscal programs, there will be huge benefits for the very rich -- estimated by the Tax Policy Center as a tax cut of over 14 percent for the top 0.1 percent and a substantial cut more generally at the upper end of the income scale, but with virtually no tax relief for others, who will also face major new burdens. The respected economics correspondent of the Financial Times, Martin Wolf, writes that, "The tax proposals would shower huge benefits on already rich Americans such as Mr Trump," while leaving others in the lurch, including, of course, his constituency. The immediate reaction of the business world reveals that Big Pharma, Wall Street, the military industry, energy industries and other such wonderful institutions expect a very bright future. One positive development might be the infrastructure program that Trump has promised while (along with much reporting and commentary) concealing the fact that it is essentially the Obama stimulus program that would have been of great benefit to the economy and to the society generally, but was killed by the Republican Congress on the pretext that it would explode the deficit. While that charge was spurious at the time, given the very low interest rates, it holds in spades for Trump's program, now accompanied by radical tax cuts for the rich and corporate sector and increased Pentagon spending. There is, however, an escape, provided by Dick Cheney when he explained to Bush's Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill that "Reagan proved that deficits don't matter" -- meaning deficits that we Republicans create in order to gain popular support, leaving it to someone else, preferably Democrats, to somehow clean up the mess. The technique might work, for a while at least. There are also many questions about foreign policy consequences, mostly unanswered. There is mutual admiration between Trump and Putin. How likely is it therefore that we may see a new era in US-Russia relations? One hopeful prospect is that there might be reduction of the very dangerous and mounting tensions at the Russian border: note "the Russian border," not the Mexican border. Thereby lies a tale that we cannot go into here. It is also possible that Europe might distance itself from Trump's America, as already suggested by [German] Chancellor [Angela] Merkel and other European leaders -- and from the British voice of American power, after Brexit. That might possibly lead to European efforts to defuse the tensions, and perhaps even efforts to move towards something like Mikhail Gorbachev's vision of an integrated Eurasian security system without military alliances, rejected by the US in favor of NATO expansion, a vision revived recently by Putin, whether seriously or not, we do not know, since the gesture was dismissed. Is US foreign policy under a Trump administration likely to be more or less militaristic than what we have seen under the Obama administration, or even the George W. Bush administration? I don't think one can answer with any confidence. Trump is too unpredictable. There are too many open questions. What we can say is that popular mobilization and activism, properly organized and conducted, can make a large difference. And we should bear in mind that the stakes are very large. Copyright, Truthout. Reprinted with .

ARTICLE

Bernie Sanders: Now More Than Ever, It's Our Revolution Share on Facebook Tweet 
The Senator from Vermont remains optimistic about the country's future, and urges citizens to become more deeply involved in the political process. [watch video below]

ARTICLE

For All Democrats to Ponder: the Real Reasons Hillary Clinton Lost Beyond the media spin, the four reasons for this defeat. By Tony Brasunas / medium.com As the aphorism goes, if we don't learn from history, we are doomed to repeat it. While the corporate media continues to peddle hysteria, the most important thing right now is to rationally understand why Clinton and the Democrats lost this eminently winnable 2016 race for the White House. Having taken some time to look back over the past six months, I list below what I believe are the four main underlying reasons for this defeat. As it turns out, none of the reasons is particularly complicated, but each will require consideration and systemic change by the party over the next two years. 1. The DNC subverted democracy. This was an anti-establishment year in politics, and there was an anti-establishment candidate running in both major parties. Trump was (barely) allowed to win the primary on the Republican side. On the Democratic side, despite Bernie's obvious strength and the clear preference of the grassroots, the primary was rigged to put the less popular, establishment candidate forward. It was a colossal risk to take, but the party leadership in the DNC chose to advance their favored candidate so as to maintain their power inside the party and their fundraising with big banks and supranational corporations. The risk backfired. Free and fair democracy would have given Bernie the nomination, likely the White House, and even better, leadership in an expanding and exciting party positioned to win elections for years to come. 2. The media and the DNC deliberately elevated Trump. The wikileaks reveal that the DNC chose to deliberately use the Clinton campaign and the media to elevate Trump (as well as Ted Cruz and Ben Carson) as a candidate, thinking he would be the easiest to beat. They utilized this 'pied piper' strategy for months. This was another colossal risk the DNC took, and it backfired horribly. Partly in tandem with the DNC '” but largely of their own volition '” the corporate media lavished hour upon hour of free coverage on Trump, daily, for a solid year. It is the height of irony today for corporate media pundits to bemoan with shock and consternation Trump's victory, when his candidacy is truly their creation. If any candidate receives hours of coverage by the major media, for free, every single night, for a year, he or she will win elections, and possibly the presidency. 3. Clinton ran a weak and uninspired campaign. Once she had the nomination, Clinton ran a campaign without an inspiring message '” other than perhaps voting for a woman for president. She courted conservatives like the Bushes, the Kochs, and Henry Kissinger, she picked corporate centrists for vice president and other prominent roles, she never connected with a base that after all of Bernie's amazing campaigning was ripe for engagement, and she turned her back on progressive issues time and again. She stopped talking about climate change and racial justice and corruption in government, and she never addressed the pressing progressive issues of the day, such as Standing Rock and TPP. Seemingly she hoped to coast to victory with little more than platitudes and scare-tactics about Russians reminiscent of the 1950s. All of this while barely escaping two FBI indictments. She became a weak and unpopular candidate holding on to a narrow lead merely because Trump was so ridiculously bad. Trump's inadequacy as a candidate masked the weaknesses in Clinton's sinking campaign. For its part, as a slogan, 'Stronger Together' never resonated with people who haven't recovered yet from the Great Recession and who continue to get by with less everyday; indeed for poor and working class people who feel on the outside of the country's latest wealth generation, this slogan seemed at best ironic and at worst to deliberately exclude them. 4. The complete failure of neoliberalism. This is perhaps the most important thing to understand. Trump didn't win because of racism; that only got him, generously, 20% of the vote. Trump won by '” like Bernie '” offering everyday people an alternative to the utterly failed policies of neoliberalism. Not to scare you with this big word, but we are hearing (hopefully) the final death knell of the fancy idea, born under the Clintons, that the country could pass corporate-supremacy laws, call them 'free trade' deals, and allow corporations to seek the cheapest, least regulated labor, anywhere in the world, and leave the country that supports these corporations high and dry. It's a fabulous deal for corporations '” their profits have soared '” but it's a wretched deal for working class people, the environment, unions, towns and cities, and long-term national sovereignty for the nations of the earth. People were bound to finally wake up to this, and now they have. If you don't know what the TPP is, please go learn; Hillary and Obama want to pass this crown jewel of corporate supremacy; Bernie and Trump oppose it. There are your real reasons. Getting this right does matter, so let me know if I've missed anything. Honorable mentions not making the top four: Fraudulent voter purges in Florida and Ohio that favored Republicans. Voting machine election fraud. More research on this topic forthcoming. The electoral college. Clinton did win the popular vote nationwide but will lose the count of state delegates in this undemocratic system. Independent voters, progressive voters, and libertarian voters who didn't vote, or who voted for other candidates because the DNC's candidate didn't inspire them should be considered symptoms of the above, not reasons unto themselves. If you run an unpopular candidate on a platform of failed policies and simultaneously elevate your opponent, you will lose any remotely fair democratic election. If you run an unpopular candidate on a platform of failed policies and simultaneously elevate your opponent, you will lose. The question now is whether the Democratic Party can right its ship and finally turn away from neoliberalism and corrupt corporate politics. Can the DNC, over the next two years, relinquish its corrupt role in guiding the party and allow the grassroots to return the party to its best historic role as genunine representatives for poor and working class people, the environment, democracy, and the rule of law? Personally I'm skeptical , but I am ready and happy to be proven wrong. Liberals, progressives, and peaceful revolutionaries of all stripes: There are many more battles ahead. Keep fighting, keep learning, and above all keep paying attention. We must learn from this election so as not to repeat it. Tony Brasunas - Where rationalism and idealism meet. 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Bernie Sanders Could Replace President Trump With Little-Known Loophole Read this article and then share with your friends. By Matt Masur / huffingtonpost.com 
Here is exactly what we need to do to save our great society. The information here is what we've all been waiting for. By doing this we can make Bernie the president on Inauguration day rather than President-elect Donald Trump . 
Actually, no we can't. There is no loophole that allows a random person to assume the office of president. That's pretty basic common sense but yet you clicked or even shared this article anyway. Now that right there is the real point of this post'¦ 
Our social media sites have been flooded with misinformation in the past few months. While this has always been a problem, it now appears to have exploded over this election season. We are seeing post after post stating just plain illogical things and this is not a problem unique to any one side. 
Even more dangerous are the posts that don't appear to be far-fetched until you dig into the details. The big problem with that'¦ People don't dig for the details. 
There will be many people who clicked share on this post because of its headline. They may not even click to open the story. They will never actually read these words. Ironically these are the folks who need to hear it the most. 
As John Oliver correctly pointed out Sunday night, folks are being fed what they want to hear and they're eating it up like a starving person. The most important thing in a functional society is a well-informed public. What we have now is not only uninformed but misinformed masses. That's something that should scare us all. The most important thing in a functional society is a well-informed public. What we have now is not only uninformed but misinformed masses. 
How do we combat this problem? Easy, we have to do some work. While I could give a long dissertation on what exactly that means, no one has the patience to read it all, so here are five quick steps that'll fit in a meme'¦ 
1. Read first. Then share. I myself am guilty of basing comments or even clicking share based on the headline. This is the worst thing any of us could do. Stop being lazy. 
2. Check the source (and their sources). In the age of new media true and valid information comes from non-traditional sources but so does a lot of garbage. Any article that posts facts, figures or quotes should provide a source for that information. If there is no backup for their claims, move on. 
3. Watch out for recycled stories. One thing that seems to be feeding into the misinformation problem is when old stories are being presented as happening now. Check the date on the story before you read on. You'll be shocked to see how many are from another time and aren't applicable to the current event you thought they were talking about. 
4. If you care about facts, ignore the blatantly slanted. Having a slant or taking a position on a story is not wrong in itself. What is wrong is when these ideas are taken as unbiased fact. You can avoid all of this by simply avoiding those sites to start with. Any website with the words: Conservative, Liberal, Democrat, Republican, etc. in the title are just advertising how slanted they are. That's ok if you choose to live in your side's bubble but please don't have any delusions that these stories reflect the whole picture. 
5. Google it. God (and Sergey ) gave us Google for a reason. If you see a story that's unbelievable or has no sources or even if it does, verify. See if the same facts are reported across multiple outlets. See if anyone disputes these facts. Read these pieces and then make up your mind. 
If we could all take these simple steps our society would be a better place. We all have opinions and leanings. There is nothing wrong with that but could we at least all come from a starting point based on facts and reality? 
The truth is, sharing illogical things begins to erode YOUR credibility and it makes you look foolish. Trust me, I speak from experience. 
Now go share this, please. 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

There is no one right way to be an activist. There is no one right way to change the world. There is no one right philosophy of leftist politics. There is no one right reaction to the election. There is no one right solution to the massive problems we're facing. 
That list is just for us, because this toxic "one right way" meme is burrowed deep into the left subconscious as much as the "one right way" meme has burrowed into the rest of our culture, and those we call our enemies. The left's version is far less destructive than the way it manifests in the right, but it is there nonetheless, causing all sorts of suffering among ourselves, and scaring away many who might join our cause. 
Very few people are aware that our entire culture is guided by this invisible cultural meme, but make no mistake - the idea that there is "one right way and my way is it" is perhaps the most deadly and toxic meme in our entire culture, and if we ever want to stop reproducing the systems of oppression we are fighting against, we must weed out this idea within ourselves. 
Fortunately, once you see it, you can't unsee it, so let me give just a handful of examples. 
In our, the dominant, culture (which began 10,000 years ago and grew to dominate the entire planet, save for the few indigenous societies which have managed to survive thousands of years of colonialism, assimilation, and destruction): 
There is one right economic system. There is one right religion. There is one right country. There is one right political party. There is one right sexual orientation. There is one superior gender. There is one superior race. There is one superior language. There is one superior form of civilization. 
All of these are subsets of the one meta-meme to rule them all: 
There is one right way to live, and our way is it. 
No doubt we can trace the vast majority of death, colonialization, conquest, war, genocide, discrimination and suffering in the entire history of our culture (which began roughly 10,000 years ago) to this belief in the "one right way." 
Capitalism, religious persecution, white supremacy, patriarchy - they are all symptoms of a dominating way of life that seeks to homogenize the great diversity of the world, creating a planet where one way of life reigns supreme. 
Trump and the authoritarian right, in the coming years, will be doing their best to force their way onto the rest of the world. We must resist this homogenization, but while we are doing it, we must not also do this to each other, on a smaller scale. 
The "one right way" meme is a killer, that much should be clear. If we strive to be more than the mirror reflection of those we are fighting against, let us agree to not bring the "one right way" meme into our own discussions, politics, and organizing. 
The antidote to a toxic, deadly meme is a more compelling and truthful meme, which is rooted in the natural laws of the universe. 
Daniel Quinn, to which I owe the inspiration for all of the above, said it best. 
That alternative meme is this: 
There is no one right way to live. There never has, and never will be. 
There are thousands of ways to live that work well for its members, and there are many ways that don't work (we've been trying one that doesn't work for 10,000 years, which has almost brought our species to extinction in the blink of a geological eye). 
Let's fight for a world where thousands of diverse ways of living and being can co-exist. This work is licensed under an Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

*Especially from a white dude who makes some good points but buries them in a whole lotta condescension and sarcasm. Image by plaisanter~, via Flikr. Used under creative commons. Safety pin. I'm wearing one. My daughter wants to wear one to school. She understands the responsibility it entails. She knows that the safety pin means 'I am a safe person.' She knows that if anyone at her school is being harassed, she will go stand next to that kid. She knows who in her grade might be a target. I hear the critique. I saw the article because two WOCs posted it. I know they resonated with it because of long experience with lip service and/or betrayal by white feminists. I hear that. Nevertheless, I cannot support slamming the safety pin idea, and here's why: 1) If a big white Trump dude is bearing down on me screaming 'GO BACK TO YOUR COUNTRY', I am not going to check the progressive bona fides of a person near me wearing a safety pin. I will only be grateful to know there's another person nearby who won't assault me and is demonstrating a willingness to help defend me. 2) I've heard from plenty of POCs and Muslims as well as some LGBTQIAs that they feel surrounded by enemies. The safety pin helps them feel that they are not isolated and alone. 3) We can't all go around all the time wearing a sandwich board that reads 'Black and Latinx and Asian and First Nations and People with Disabilities and Muslim and Sikh Lives Matter.' A safety pin is cheap, ubiquitous, and easy to wear with any outfit. 4) For some white people, putting on a safety pin may be the first step toward allyship that they have ever taken. By putting it on, they make themselves a target for Trump supporters IRL and online to call them whiny liberal losers. Then liberals/progressives/leftists turn around and tell them they are embarrassing themselves by wearing a safety pin? Yeah, that's how we lose. 5) When I put on a safety pin, I am recommitting every day to stand up to oppression, whether in the form of harassment or in the form of legislation enacted by a Trump administration. I hope the pin helps others to think, every single day, about how they can resist our nation's slide into a morass of hatred and prejudice and assist others with less privilege to attain equal rights. In fact, I will say this as a woman of color, as a member of the LGBTQIA community: if you are wearing a safety pin, this is what I expect of you. 6) Some people have said that white supremacists have co-opted the safety pin, but I haven't seen documentation of this so far. Given the level of Trumpist ridicule heaped on the safety pin movement, I'm guessing that many if not most Trump supporters will proudly NOT wear a safety pin. If you are also wearing a safety pin, for you I am posting a comic that explains how to support and protect someone targeted for Islamophobic harassment. This guide is broadly applicable to other -isms and -phobias. Wearing a safety pin is only one step. We are facing an unprecedented threat, and this will be a long struggle. It will require listening and following the leads of the communities who are most threatened. I hope everyone wearing a pin will continue to stand with those communities over the next four years and beyond. LINKS to resources for wearing a safety pin:

ARTICLE

Donate We Are All Deplorables If left activists are concerned about future political victories, they should take seriously the proposition of open dialogue with Trump supporters. For, as far as the political establishment is concerned, we, both left and right, are all 'deplorables'. By Matthew Ricci / counterpunch.org 
Outside of right-wing circles, explanation of Trump's disheartening victory in the sordid 2016 election has taken two forms. The first, offered by liberal elites in politics, the mainstream media and academia, is that the bewildered herd of benighted voters has delivered a victory to the forces of evil. From incurable racists, xenophobes and misogynists to Sanders loyalists, third-party voters and Russian spies, there is no shortage of scapegoats that the Democratic establishment and their apologists will find to divert attention from their overconfident, self-sabotaged campaign. 
This view has been rightly criticized by those espousing the second explanation, namely, that, independent of the possible bigotry of Trump's supporters, they do constitute a genuinely downtrodden population, abused by decades of neoliberal policy. Naturally, this is the minority opinion in a political discourse dominated by what was, during the homestretch of the election, the hugely pro-Clinton media. Yet, in this minority voice lies not only the truth about Trump's rise, but also the seeds of future action. 
If left activists are concerned about future political victories, they should take seriously the proposition of open dialogue with Trump supporters. For, as far as the political establishment is concerned, we, both left and right, are all 'deplorables'. 
The possibility of cooperation has already been articulated by Bernie Sanders who stated the day after the election that '[he] and other progressives are prepared to work with [Trump]', unless the President-elect resorted to 'racist, sexist, xenophobic and anti-environment policies' (1). Sanders did not denigrate Trump voters as witless cave-dwellers or plead with them to change their regressive views. Inherent in Sanders' statement is the idea, recognized by some commentators (2) for years, that the poor, white, Republican-voting working class shares material concerns with the progressive left. Further calls for solidarity have come from Michael Albert, who claimed we should approach Trump's advocates 'not as enemies, but as potential allies' (3). 
These voices call for cooperation with the white working class after an election featuring a Democratic party that held them entirely in contempt. Hillary Clinton, scandal-ridden, hopelessly unpopular and emblematic of liberal technocracy, is now famous for her 'basket of deplorables' remark. The leaked Podesta emails, which reveal her admission to Wall Street audiences that she maintains 'public' and 'private' political personas, further demonstrate her disdain for working people (4). This should come as no surprise after her ardent initial defense of the disastrous TPP, which, as rumblings in her entourage suggested (5), she may have ultimately supported. Of course, anti-democratic sentiment on the part of liberal elites is an invariant feature of political history, so Clinton's remarks should come as no surprise. 
The disdain-behind-closed-doors of the Clinton campaign has been fully unveiled after the election, with oversimplified depictions of Trump voters as mere racists/misogynists/xenophobes and unending denial in the media of their economic plight. This plight of the white, working class was in plain sight, having been carefully analyzed by thoughtful, mainstream economists for months prior to the election. For example, on issue of the global rise of populist parties, Brown University political economist Mark Blyth noted in a September lecture the correlation between lack of education, chronically low wages and exposure to Chinese import competition with support for right-wing authoritarian leaders (6). A few weeks later, Blyth was left completely unsurprised by Clinton's defeat. What else but an abandonment of the finance-friendly Democrats could one expect in a world in which $28.5 billion dollars in bonuses were awarded to as yet unprosecuted Wall Street bankers in 2015 (compared to the $15 billion paid to all American workers making minimum wage in the same year) (7), and in which $12 trillion were recently estimated to be stored away in offshore tax havens (8)? What else can one expect from a group now suffering from an increasing death rate (9) in a country where real wages have stagnated since the 1960s (10)? 
This is not to say there are no serious racist and nativist elements to the Trump constituency, including the thug-in-chief himself. These dark elements have been extensively explored and rightly denounced. Yet, this is immaterial to the tactical issue of creating a unified people's movement in the country. Either the left abandons the sometimes-racist, white poor or it makes a genuine attempt to understand, empathize, and cooperate with them. Serious efforts in this regard have already been mounted, including by Berkley sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild, who lived deep in Tea Party country, the Louisiana bayou, for five years, as recounted in her book, Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right . Here, she met an embattled people, facing poverty and environmental disaster, who were deeply religious, fiercely anti-government and professedly non-racist. Hochschild and the Louisianans differed in their understanding of racism, though her goal was not to proselytize. Instead, she wanted to scale an 'empathy wall' and to feel what it was like to have political beliefs the opposite of her own. 'We,' she writes, 'on both sides, wrongly imagine that empathy with the 'other' side brings an end to clearheaded analysis when, in truth, it's on the other side of that bridge that the most important analysis can begin' (11). 
The notion that real politics only begins when we sincerely address those who disagree with us is not a new one. Gandhi, both a political leader and the head of a strict religious group, recognized that politics was about reaching a broad public and not about cultish self-congratulation (12). Naturally, this entails approaching those who disagree with us, with empathy and understanding as our primary strategy. Goodwill and openness should not be reserved only for those whose views we find palatable. Indeed, goodwill and openness mean nothing unless they are applied precisely to those who disagree with us, perhaps staunchly. 
In fact, the job has been made all the easier since Trump's supporters often materially agree with the progressive left, and, importantly, dislike Trump. For example, 21% of those who claimed Trump was not 'honest and trustworthy' actually voted for him; moreover, Democratic and Republican voters had 'reservations' about their candidate in equal numbers (13). Hoschschild also noted this lack of enthusiasm among Louisianan Trump supporters, who recognized the plutocrat's clownishness, but, nevertheless, felt completely abandoned by the Democratic Party (14). In the aftermath of an election featuring earth's two least popular humans, we can be sure that only a small minority will be inexorably attached to their candidates. 
This could leave open the door to genuine dialogue between progressives and the typically-Republican right, though such discussion is no certainty. For example, there have been a number of meetings at Ivy League universities about solidarity with endangered minorities and the plan-of-attack against Trump (15), but no meetings, to my knowledge, explicitly designed to reach out to Trump voters. It goes without saying that the former types of meetings are absolutely necessary, but there is no reason why they cannot co-exist with the latter type. Where is, for example, the effort at elite universities to organize discussions with Republican voters who often live in rural areas not an hour's drive from campus? Where are the burgeoning coalitions between equally-dissatisfied left and right voters bent on holding Trump's feet to the fire on the promises, which, with high probability, he will break? Major marches are planned for the period around Trump's inauguration, though not a great deal of thought has been given to the antagonizing effect of such events in the absence of sincere, widespread desire for cross-party collaboration. 
Simple repulsion at Trump supporters amounts to the discarding of 60 million votes in a world where, alarmingly, elections still matter. There can be no strategic reason for such repulsion, especially since Middle America, despite its votes for Trump, was (16) and is (17) a hotbed of left politics. Nor does lack of repulsion equate to capitulation to Trump's assuredly monstrous regime, which marches the planet ever closer to self-destruction. Instead, genuine openness and principled collaboration with Trump's supporters may be the only thing to turn the one major bright spot of the election, the Sanders campaign, into an ongoing, overwhelming political force. The only confirmed adversary of left activists should be the political establishment, the smug network of technocratic state planners, financiers and war profiteers, which forsook Trump voters, along with much of the global population, in the first place. 
Matthew Ricci is a PhD student at Brown University studying machine learning and neuroscience. He can be reached at . 
Notes. 
1/ 'Sanders Statement on Trump', November 9, 2016 http://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/sanders-statement-on-trump 
2/ See, for example, Noam Chomsky's remarks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwTht2L4jqA&app=desktop , from 2014. 
3/ Michael Albert, 'Why No Trumpist Celebrations and Finding Our New Old Path', ZNet , November 13, 2016, https://zcomm.org/znetarticle/why-no-trumpist-celebrations-and-finding-our-new-old-path/ 
5/ https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/6616 
6/ Mark Blyth, 'Watson Institute Student Seminar Series â€“ American Democracy: The Dangers and Opportunities of Right Here and Right Now', September 27, 2016, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bkm2Vfj42FY 
7/ Nicholas Kristoff, 'Inequality is a Choice,' The New York Times, May 2, 2015, http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/03/opinion/sunday/nicholas-kristof-inequality-is-a-choice.html 
8/ Shaxson, Nicholas. Treasure Islands: Tax Havens and the Men who Stole the World , Bodley Head, London, 2011 
9/ Case, A., & Deaton, A. (2015). Rising morbidity and mortality in midlife among white non-Hispanic Americans in the 21st century. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , 112 (49), 201518393. http://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1518393112 
10/ Drew Desilver, 'For most workers, real wages have barely budged for decades,' Pew Research Center , October 9, 2014, http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/10/09/for-most-workers-real-wages-have-barely-budged-for-decades/ 
11/ Hochschild, Arlie Russell. Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right , The New Press, New York, NY, 2016. 
12/ Finkelstein, Norman G. What Gandhi Says: About Nonviolence, Resistance and Courage , OR Books, New York, NY, 2012 
13/ Jon Huang, Samuel Jacoby, K. Rebecca Lai and Michael Strickland, 'Election 2016: Exit Polls', The New York Times , November 8, 2016 http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/11/08/us/politics/election-exit-polls.html 
14/ See Hochschild's interview at http://www.democracynow.org/2016/9/28/arlie_russell_hochschild_on_strangers_in 
15/ See, for example, https://www.brown.edu/about/administration/president/statements/20161109 and https://www.sp2.upenn.edu/sp2-event/post-election-town-hall-meeting/ . The latter university, incidentally, produced Donald Trump. 
16/ Dubofsky, Melvyn. Labor in America: A History . Wiley-Blackwell, Hobeken, NJ, 8 th , 2012 
17/ Alperovitz, Gar. America Beyond Capitalism: Reclaiming Our Wealth, Our Liberty and Our Democracy . Democracy Collaborative Press 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Bernie Sanders' Surprise Speech Outside the White House on Rejecting Dakota Pipeline & Trump Share on Facebook Tweet We feature a surprise address by Senator Bernie Sanders outside the White House on Tuesday during a global day of action against the Dakota Access pipeline that included demonstrations in over 300 cities. "Today we are saying it is time for a new approach to the Native American people, not to run a pipeline through their land," Sanders said, demanding that their sovereign rights be honored. He... read more 
We feature a surprise address by Senator Bernie Sanders outside the White House on Tuesday during a global day of action against the Dakota Access pipeline that included demonstrations in over 300 cities. "Today we are saying it is time for a new approach to the Native American people, not to run a pipeline through their land," Sanders said, demanding that their sovereign rights be honored. He also spoke about the need for politicians to protect access to clean water, recognize that climate change is real, and support an aggressive shift away from fossil fuels to sustainable energy sources. [watch video below]

ARTICLE

By Arun Gupta / inthesetimes.com 
The reckoning is here for progressives and the Democratic Party now that the unthinkable has happened. Most of America, shell-shocked, is asking how Hillary Clinton and the entire Democratic establishment could lose to a woman-bashing, Mexican-deporting, Muslim-hating, white-supremacist-embracing charlatan? 
Simple. Trump captured the historical mood with his message of white nationalism and economic populism. Then he threaded an electoral college needle against an atrocious candidate. Clinton has a lead in the roughly 120 million votes cast for the two major-party candidates, while Trump essentially won with some 107,000 votes. That's his combined margin in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. 
Clinton failed to defend firewall states like Michigan and Wisconsin, devoting huge resources to insurance states like Florida and Ohio. But here is why she really lost: Clinton had close to 9 million fewer votes than Barack Obama did in 2008, and roughly 5 million fewer votes than he did in 2012. There's no getting around the fact that much of the Democratic base repudiated Clinton. 
It is tempting to say Trump won because of FBI Director James Comey's outrageous letter 11 days before the election that re-opened the email investigation. Nate Silver, one of the few forecasters who gave Trump a significant chance of winning, suggested Comey may have cost Clinton up to 3 points . That additional margin could have helped hand Clinton a decisive win. And if that happened, there would be no soul searching about an angry white revolt against elites. 
But Comey never told Clinton to set up a private email server. Just like WikiLeaks never told Clinton to deliver secret speeches to investment banks. 'Crooked Hillary' stuck because of the Clintons' own doings: the emails, their foundation, $22 million in speaking fees, two-faced policy positions. The primaries were a flashing red light warning of these troubles. Bernie Sanders posed a serious challenge to Clinton despite her backing by the entire party establishment. Even then, if she had tapped Sanders to be her running mate, she might have won because of his appeal among millennials. 
But instead of tending to the Democratic base demanding single-payer health care, a Green New Deal and free higher education, Clinton veered right with a Democratic National Convention espousing militarism, American exceptionalism and God. This strategy blew up in Clinton's face. More Democrats voted for Trump than Republicans voted for Clinton . 
Plus, Clinton would never pick a social democrat like Sanders because she is neoliberal to the bone. During the 1990s the Clintons erected much of the scaffolding of neoliberalism with NAFTA, the repeal of Glass-Steagall , the Commodity Futures Modernization Act , the media-monopoly-creating Telecommunications Act , ending welfare and passing laws for the mass deportation of immigrants. 
The Clintons kicked off a run during which Democrats have owned the White House for 16 of the last 24 years. Instead of countering the Republicans, they have battered the working class'”white, brown, Black'”who watched as businesses shuttered and communities shriveled. Obama failed to help workers in a meaningful way despite his resounding mandate. He spent his political capital to save Wall Street and design a health care system more beneficial to the for-profit industry than its patients. 
Meanwhile, millions lost their homes, sank into joblessness and descended into poverty. People of color generally realize the Republicans were much more hostile to their interests so they stick with the Democrats. But white workers outside a shrinking labor movement didn't see either party as particularly hospitable to their interests. 
That gave Trump an opening. He radically transformed the GOP in a year, turning it into an anti-free trade and anti-interventionist party reluctant to cut retirement programs. His trick was to stoke the right's racism and misogyny, which is now being portrayed as a regular Joe backlash against arrogant coastal elites. 
The racism directed toward Obama helped to form Trump's foundation, especially the Tea Party and birtherism. But Trumpism is a fluid identity. Obama won Indiana in 2008, a state that was about 84 percent white then, and performed better among nearly every subgroup of whites in his two victories than Clinton did in 2016 . In fact, according to The New York Times' Nate Cohn , 'Clinton suffered her biggest losses in the places where Obama was strongest among white voters. It's not a simple racism story.' 
That is true. It is racism, but it's not simple. Trump took workers' social and economic ills produced as much by Democrats as by Republicans, and he fed them through a racial grinder to make his alt-white sausage. He created an identity that a majority of the white working class and middle class flocked to. It is racist, but it's not fixed. And much of this failure to retain a majority of the white working class in the Democratic Party lays with organized labor, which does little organizing beyond get-out-the-vote and contract negotiation campaigns. 
Unions have the resources to painstakingly win workers of all stripes over to social-democratic policies. But for that to happen, organized left forces need to push labor hard. As shown by WikiLeaks , many prominent labor leaders suck up to pro-Wall Street Democrats and sideline policies that would show workers government can be a force for good, and not fear, in their lives. And in this election, Clinton held a slim 8-point advantage among voters from a union household. In Ohio, CNN exit polls showed Clinton losing union households by a 12-point margin , a larger margin than she lost non-union households. This is a clear lesson to unions that they have not been listening to their members. 
Trump's victory is a declaration of a social civil war. We know what many of these battles will be, and it's going to be a dark four years. But just as the Republican Party has been upended, so have the Democrats. The task ahead is to defend those communities and people most at risk from Trumpism, build power where the left does have real potential'”cities of all sizes and deep-blue states'”and focus on organizing principled, inclusive radical movements that can shift the entire political terrain rather than uselessly pouring energy into the black hole of the Democratic Party. 
ARUN GUPTA is a graduate of the French Culinary Institute in New York and has written for dozens of publications including the Washington Post , the Nation , The Progressive , Telesur English , and the Guardian . He is the author of the upcoming Bacon as a Weapon of Mass Destruction: A Junk-Food-Loving Chef's Inquiry into Taste (The New Press). 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Share on Facebook Tweet In the wake of the election of Donald Trump, many peeps are freaking the fuck out. Well, step back, take a break and watch our analysis. IF YOU FIND THESE REPORTS USEFUL CONSIDER DONATING What can we expect? Racists attacks, Deportations, and appointments of neo-fascists and corporatists On the music break we play 'Fuck Donald Trump Part 2' by YG featuring G-Eazy & Macklemore How did it... read more 
In the wake of the election of Donald Trump, many peeps are freaking the fuck out. Well, step back, take a break and watch our analysis. 
What can we expect? Racists attacks, Deportations, and appointments of neo-fascists and corporatists 
On the music break we play 'Fuck Donald Trump Part 2' by YG featuring G-Eazy & Macklemore 
How did it happen? We break down the social media induced echo chamber effect. 
What can we do? We bring you an interview with Redneck Revolt on organizing strategy for the years to come.

ARTICLE

By Kshama Sawant / counterpunch.org 
In the ten days since the election, several thousand people have phoned and emailed my Seattle City Council office in their fury over my call to shut down Donald Trump's agenda with massive peaceful protests on Inauguration Day. 
Many messages were from middle- and working-class people who had voted for Trump because they hated corporate Democrats and Hillary Clinton, and mistakenly believed that Trump was going to stand up for the ordinary Americans. Many were also racist and misogynist, saying things like, 'You don't belong here with the bull***t you spew from your c***su**er,' or 'Drop dead and go back to turbanville.' 
Call after call, while having zero tolerance for bigotry and threats, my staff patiently explained to the more reasonable Trump supporters that we agree working people have been sold out by corporate politicians. That we completely oppose the bipartisan, big business policies of 'free trade' deals like the TPP and NAFTA, corporate tax handouts, and the close ties of both parties to Wall Street. Callers were surprised to learn that while I fiercely oppose Trump, I did not back Hillary Clinton (I campaigned for Bernie Sanders, and later Jill Stein). Many were simply not reachable, as they spewed hate on all those protesting their president-elect. They will have to experience Donald Trump's policies in office to see him for what he is: a con man and representative of the billionaire class who sold the lie that he will bring back the American Dream. 
My first grim thoughts as I saw some of the horrifying emails was that I will be far from the only person targeted after the dangerous rise of Donald Trump. Bigots are feeling emboldened. Already a surge in bullying and hate crimes has taken place, and the KKK felt confident to hold a rally in North Carolina to celebrate Trump's victory. 
Disconcerting in a different way have been the hit pieces in local publications like The Seattle Times and The Stranger attacking me and other Stein supporters, and trying to shift blame for the outcome of the presidential election. The Stranger article even went so far as to say that since I didn't support Clinton, I should not continue to call protests against Trump: that this would be 'poor form.' 
But as everyone from prominent Clinton surrogate Robert Reich to the New York Times have more or less acknowledged, in failing to defeat the most unpopular major party candidate in modern American history, the Democrats have no one to blame but themselves. The NY Times editorial board questioned the disastrous strategy of attempting a 'Clinton restoration at a moment when the nation was impatient to escape the status quo,' while Reich called for a 'new Democratic Party,' and said the election served as a 'repudiation of the American power structure, including the old Democratic Party.' 
At every stage of the Democratic Primary, the DNC and party leadership fiercely opposed Bernie Sanders and backed Clinton to the hilt. In the general election, Clinton could have reached out to young and working class Sanders supporters instead of arrogantly assuming she didn't need them. By choosing to tell the millions of people who have been sold out and disenfranchised by neoliberal policies over several decades that America is 'already great,' Clinton received several millions fewer votes than Obama in 2012, including fewer votes from women. 
Now, having assisted Trump's ascension to the White House, Clinton and this same Democratic Party leadership tell us we should 'give him a chance.' But make no mistake, Trump's success is not 'our success,' in spite of Obama's comments to that effect. And while we would be happy to be surprised by any progressive measures from a Trump administration, we simply have no time to waste in building an organized opposition against the damage he has already vowed to do, including his promise to deport three million immigrants. 
We must bring together millions of progressive workers and young people to build a wall of mass resistance against Trump, and to defend immigrants, women, Muslims, LGBTQ people and all others targeted by his presidency. 
Hundreds of thousands of people have already poured into the streets since November 8th. On the night of the election result, my organization, Socialist Alternative began to organize protests around the country for the next day. More than 50,000 answered that call: in Seattle, New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Oakland. Many more protests have followed, as well as dozens of student walkouts, including 5,000 Seattle students on Monday alone. 
Our movement will need to be independent of both major political parties. The Democratic Party cannot be relied on to stop Trump, anymore now than during the election. And to truly defeat the right, we will need to build our own mass party '“ a party of, by and for the 99% '“ completely free of corporate cash and corporate influence. 
We have a historic responsibility to fight back against this administration. On January 20th and 21st, activists will be organizing protests and student walkouts across the country. Hundreds of thousands will gather for the Women's March on Washington DC and to 'Occupy Inauguration,' to send a message to the new president that there is no space whatsoever for his bigoted agenda in America. 
I hope you will join us. 
Kshama Sawant is Seattle City Council Woman and member of Socialist Alternative . 3.8 Â·

ARTICLE

Mni Wiconi: The Stand at Standing Rock Share on Facebook Tweet 
Mni Wiconi is Lakota for 'Water is Life' - this short film features water protectors from the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and allies trying to stop the 1,100-mile Dakota Access Pipeline - DAPL. Interviews in the film include Standing Rock Sioux Tribe's Chairman Dave Archambault II; Jodi Gillette, former White House advisor for Native American Affairs; Ladonna Allard, founder of Sacred Stone Camp; Winona LaDuke, founder of Honor the Earth; and Cody Hall, Red Warrior Camp spokesperson. [watch video below]

ARTICLE

Living Through the Death of Capitalism Feeling my unborn child as I ponder the death of an economic system By Joe Brewer / medium.com Now is the time to hold strong to our humanity. The world is changing quickly and much is at stake. It is even possible that our entire global civilization will collapse in our lifetime. This is a very difficult concept to sit with '” yet sit with it we must, for now is a time of great consequences. A four hundred year old economic system is dying. We can feel the pain all around us. It shivers in the outstretched hands of the homeless. Gets expressed as death rattles in the species going extinct on a daily basis. Entire societies have tattered the social fabric of trust as inequality skyrocketed in the last few decades. It is experienced as fear, anger, sadness, humiliation, shame, and despair. Every person alive today has a responsibility to bear witness, provide hospice care to the dying, and participate in midwifing new ways to structure social life. This is our burden to be alive in the early part of the 21st Century. Yet so many among us are still behaving like children. They call each other names. Pick fights between parochial tribal groups. Bitch and moan when things don't go their way. And hoard precious wealth in a time of increasing global scarcity. Now is the time to behave like grownups. Because the threats now upon us are very serious. I say this as a man who is about to become a father. My wife and I chose '” with eyes wide open '” to bring a child into this world in the midst of great upheaval. We believe deeply and firmly in humanity and are investing our blood in the future. This is not something we do lightly. It is a great responsibility to continue the human race even as billions starve and there now lurks a very real possibility that our child will live through the collapse of the Earth's first globalized civilization. This unborn child has prospects to live into the 22nd Century. What will be seen through their eyes? Will there be a saga of unraveling the biosphere for our precious home planet? Might the death throes of capitalism take down the safety nets of a stable climate? Will our child bear witness to the final days of humanity? We cannot say even how long his or her survival will be secure. Yet we carry forth knowing what must be done. Humanity is in the crucible of change now. It is an all-hands-on-deck transition '” away from life destroying economic practices based on wealth hoarding and extraction and toward life affirming practices of regeneration and renewal. Let me state this seriously and succinctly. According to the Stockholm Resilience Institute, there are nine 'planetary boundaries' that represent thresholds for a viable global civilization. Cross even one and the entire edifice will fall into ruin. While there remains uncertainty about where these thresholds are, the best scientific evidence available today tells us that we have probably already crossed four of them. We are currently in overshoot and collapse . There are time lags in the system so the unraveling may not happen until the middle of this century. Instead of thinking about putting our child through college in 20 years, we must grapple with scenarios of tremendous upheaval and disruption. They will need to be a survivalist and servant to others in need. Notions of stable careers and long-term planning may never be a possibility in this child's life. I write these words not out of despair, but as an affirmation of the most rugged hopefulness I can muster. I was trained in climate science and I know what is coming. I have studied the rise and fall of empires so I am aware that fascist dictators and resource wars are likely to arise in the turmoil of the coming decades. Yet still I gently touch the swollen belly of my wife and feel our baby kicking and turning in her womb. I have felt the heartbeat of a new life and will do all I can to ensure that humanity makes it through to the other side. This is what it feels like to live through the death of capitalism. Eyes wide open even if tears may well up in them. I look to the horizon where shimmers of beautiful alternatives await. It doesn't have to be like this. We can do better. We must do better. In truth, there are already hundreds of millions of people actively struggling against the wealth extracting juggernaut that is Western development '” expressed as colonialism in early years, then later in the various forms of trade agreements, structural debt repayment programs, illicit resource wars fueled by propaganda, and the full apparatus of wealth extraction that is in place today. We needn't wonder why a mere 60 people have the same aggregate wealth as 4 billion. This is an outcome designed into the core logic of extraction that arises when private owners extract rents (what is commonly called profits) from the valuable labor of other people. It only took four hundred years for this system to run itself out. What no one could have predicted then was that the human population would explode and our fingerprints on the Earth would grow from tiny scratches here and there to deep scars that can be viewed from space. This is our legacy as a species right now. It is the bed we have prepared for our own children and grandchildren to lie down in. And it is our responsibility to carry through the dark times we are now in so that future generations can thrive in whatever ways make sense to them. I am with you, fellow humans. I believe in us. Let us not fall into despair or acquiesce as extremism rears its ugly head around the world '” as it did recently in the United States . For it will be the beacons of light we carry that will show others the way forward. For my part, I am working with social movements to connect the dots of wealth extraction and training change makers in the art and science of intentional social change. I have seen with my own eyes that millions of peasant farmers are organizing across Latin America and India; students are protesting outrageous debt in Mexico, Greece, and Spain; indigenous peoples are coming together across the North American continent to protect their sacred lands. We are gathering our strength for the collective transition. Of the 7.4 billion humans alive today, several hundred million are already organizing to drive the system to change. There is much to be hopeful about in this struggle. We each have a role to play. And time is of the essence. Onward, fellow humans. Want to support Joe Brewer's work? Make a contribution here . 4.3 Â·

ARTICLE

Chilling Clip From Adam Curtis Doc Should Make Everyone Rethink Their Online Outrage Share on Facebook Tweet 
This is a clip from Hypernormalisation (at the 2 hr 29 mark). Watch the full documentary here . [watch video below] 2,491 views What's Next What Is My Activism Really About? to Love, Serve and Remember Tim Hjersted Â· 7,598 views today Â· I have made a promise to this world that I will carry with me to my last days. It is my vow to lessen the suffering of the world while I am here - it is to ensure that every...

ARTICLE

Donate Whose Fake News Gets a Pass? NYT Advocates Internet Censorship The New York Times wants a system of censorship for the Internet to block what it calls 'fake news,' but the Times ignores its own record of publishing 'fake news' By Robert Parry / consortiumnews.com 
In its lead editorial on Sunday, The New York Times decried what it deemed 'The Digital Virus Called Fake News' and called for Internet censorship to counter this alleged problem, taking particular aim at Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg for letting 'liars and con artists hijack his platform.' 
As this mainstream campaign against 'fake news' quickly has gained momentum in the past week, two false items get cited repeatedly, a claim that Pope Francis endorsed Donald Trump and an assertion that Trump was prevailing in the popular vote over Hillary Clinton. I could add another election-related falsehood, a hoax spread by Trump supporters that liberal documentarian Michael Moore was endorsing Trump when he actually was backing Clinton. 
But I also know that Clinton supporters were privately pushing some salacious and unsubstantiated charges about Trump's sex life, and Clinton personally charged that Trump was under the control of Russian President Vladimir Putin although there was no evidence presented to support that McCarthyistic accusation. 
"The problem is that while some falsehoods may be obvious and clear-cut, much information exists in a gray area in which two or more sides may disagree on what the facts are. And the U.S. government doesn't always tell the truth although you would be hard-pressed to find recent examples of the Times recognizing that reality." 
The simple reality is that lots of dubious accusations get flung around during the heat of a campaign '“ nothing new there '“ and it is always a challenge for professional journalists to swat them down the best we can. What's different now is that the Times envisions some structure (or algorithm) for eliminating what it calls 'fake news.' 
But, with a stunning lack of self-awareness, the Times fails to acknowledge the many times that it has published 'fake news,' such as reporting in 2002 that Iraq's purchase of aluminum tubes meant that it was reconstituting its nuclear weapons program ; its bogus analysis tracing the firing location of a Syrian sarin-laden rocket in 2013 back to a Syrian military base that turned out to be four times outside the rocket's range; or its publication of photos supposedly showing Russian soldiers inside Russia and then inside Ukraine in 2014 when it turned out that the 'inside-Russia' photo was also taken inside Ukraine, destroying the premise of the story. 
These are just three examples among many of the Times publishing 'fake news''“ and all three appeared on Page One before being grudgingly or partially retracted, usually far inside the newspaper under opaque headlines so most readers wouldn't notice. Much of the Times''fake news' continued to reverberate in support of U.S. government propaganda even after the partial retractions. 
Who Is the Judge? 
So, should Zuckerberg prevent Facebook users from circulating New York Times stories? Obviously, the Times would not favor that solution to the problem of 'fake news.' Instead, the Times expects to be one of the arbiters deciding which Internet outlets get banned and which ones get gold seals of approval. 
The Times lead editorial, following a front-page article on the same topic on Friday, leaves little doubt what the newspaper would like to see. It wants major Internet platforms and search engines, such as Facebook and Google, to close off access to sites accused of disseminating 'fake news.' 
The editorial said, 'a big part of the responsibility for this scourge rests with internet companies like Facebook and Google, which have made it possible for fake news to be shared nearly instantly with millions of users and have been slow to block it from their sites. '¦ 
'Facebook says it is working on weeding out such fabrications. It said last Monday that it would no longer place Facebook-powered ads on fake news websites, a move that could cost Facebook and those fake news sites a lucrative source of revenue. Earlier on the same day, Google said it would stop letting those sites use its ad placement network. These steps would help, but Facebook, in particular, owes its users, and democracy itself, far more. 
'Facebook has demonstrated that it can effectively block content like click-bait articles and spam from its platform by tweaking its algorithms, which determine what links, photos and ads users see in their news feeds. '¦ Facebook managers are constantly changing and refining the algorithms, which means the system is malleable and subject to human judgment.' 
The Times editorial continued: 'This summer, Facebook decided to show more posts from friends and family members in users' news feeds and reduce stories from news organizations, because that's what it said users wanted. If it can do that, surely its programmers can train the software to spot bogus stories and outwit the people producing this garbage. '¦ 
'Mr. Zuckerberg himself has spoken at length about how social media can help improve society. '¦ None of that will happen if he continues to let liars and con artists hijack his platform.' 
Gray Areas 
But the problem is that while some falsehoods may be obvious and clear-cut, much information exists in a gray area in which two or more sides may disagree on what the facts are. And the U.S. government doesn't always tell the truth although you would be hard-pressed to find recent examples of the Times recognizing that reality. Especially over the past several decades, the Times has usually embraced the Official Version of a disputed event and has deemed serious skepticism out of bounds. 
That was the way the Times treated denials from the Iraqi government and some outside experts who disputed the 'aluminum tube' story in 2002 '“ and how the Times has brushed off disagreements regarding the U.S. government's portrayal of events in Syria, Ukraine and Russia. Increasingly, the Times has come across as a propaganda conduit for Official Washington rather than a professional journalistic entity. 
But the Times and other mainstream news outlets '“ along with some favored Internet sites '“ now sit on a Google-financed entity called the First Draft Coalition , which presents itself as a kind of Ministry of Truth that will decide which stories are true and which are 'fake.' 
If the Times' editorial recommendations are followed, the disfavored stories and the sites publishing them would no longer be accessible through popular search engines and platforms, essentially blocking the public's access to them. [See Consortiumnews.com's' What to Do About 'Fake News.' '] 
The Times asserts that such censorship would be good for democracy '“ and it surely is true that hoaxes and baseless conspiracy theories are no help to democracy '“ but regulation of information in the manner that the Times suggests has more than a whiff of Orwellian totalitarianism to it. 
And the proposal is especially troubling coming from the Times, with its checkered recent record of disseminating dangerous disinformation. Â© 2016 Consortium News 
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek. His latest book, Neck Deep: The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons, Sam and Nat. His two previous books are Secrecy & Privilege: The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History: Contras, Cocaine, the Press &'Project Truth' . 0.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Donate We Are All Deplorables We can't battle the bigotry stoked by Trump without a strategy to alleviate the economic misery behind it, writes Chris Hedges. By Chris Hedges / truthdig.com 
My relatives in Maine are deplorables . I cannot write on their behalf. I can write in their defense. They live in towns and villages that have been ravaged by deindustrialization. The bank in Mechanic Falls, where my grandparents lived, is boarded up, along with nearly every downtown store. The paper mill closed decades ago. There is a strip club in the center of the town. The jobs, at least the good ones, are gone. Many of my relatives and their neighbors work up to 70 hours a week at three minimum-wage jobs, without benefits, to make perhaps $35,000 a year. Or they have no jobs. They cannot afford adequate health coverage under the scam of Obamacare. Alcoholism is rampant in the region. Heroin addiction is an epidemic. Labs producing the street drug methamphetamine make up a cottage industry. Suicide is common. Domestic abuse and sexual assault destroy families. Despair and rage among the population have fueled an inchoate racism, homophobia and Islamophobia and feed the latent and ever present poison of white supremacy. They also nourish the magical thinking peddled by the con artists in the Christian right, the state lotteries that fleece the poor, and an entertainment industry that night after night shows visions of an America and a lifestyle on television screens'”'The Apprentice' typified this'”that foster unattainable dreams of wealth and celebrity. 
Those who are cast aside as human refuse often have a psychological need for illusions and scapegoats. They desperately seek the promise of divine intervention. They unplug from a reality that is too hard to bear. They see in others, especially those who are different, the obstacles to their advancement and success. We must recognize and understand the profound despair that leads to these reactions. To understand these reactions is not to condone them. 
The suffering of the white underclass is real. Its members struggle with humiliation and a crippling loss of self-worth and dignity. The last thing they need, or deserve, is politically correct thought police telling them what to say and think and condemning them as mutations of human beings. 
Those cast aside by the neoliberal order have an economic identity that both the liberal class and the right wing are unwilling to acknowledge. This economic identity is one the white underclass shares with other discarded people, including the undocumented workers and the people of color demonized by the carnival barkers on cable news shows. This is an economic reality the power elites invest great energy in masking. 
The self-righteousness of the liberal class, which revels in imagined tolerance and enlightenment while condemning the white underclass as irredeemable, widens the divide between white low-wage workers and urban elites. Liberals have no right to pass judgment on these so-called deplorables without acknowledging their pain. They must listen to their stories, which the corporate media shut out. They must offer solutions that provide the possibility of economic stability and self-respect. 
"The liberal class has no hope of defeating the rise of American fascism until it unites with the dispossessed white working class. It has no hope of being an effective force in politics until it articulates a viable socialism." 
Martin Luther King Jr. understood the downward spiral of hating those who hate you. 'In a real sense all life is inter-related,' he wrote in 'Letter From a Birmingham Jail.''All men are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly. I can never be what I ought to be until you are what you ought to be, and you can never be what you ought to be until I am what I ought to be. '¦' 
We cannot battle the racism, bigotry and hate crimes that will be stoked by the Donald Trump presidency without first battling for economic justice. This is not a gap between the tolerant and the intolerant. It is a gap between most of the American population and our oligarchic and corporate elites, which Trump epitomizes. It is a gap that is understood only in the light of the demand for economic justice. And when we start to speak in the language of justice first, and the language of inclusiveness second, we will begin to blunt the protofascism being embraced by many Trump supporters. 
I spent two years writing a book on the Christian right called ' American Fascists : The Christian Right and the War on America.' I spent many months with dispossessed white workers in states such as Missouri, Kansas, Florida, Pennsylvania, Ohio and California. I carried into the book project all the prejudices that come with being raised in the liberal church'”a disdain for a magic Jesus who answers your prayers and makes you rich, a repugnance at the rejection of rationality and science and at the literal interpretation of the Bible, a horror of the sacralization of the American empire, and a revulsion against the racism, misogyny, homophobia, Islamophobia, anti-Semitism and blind intolerance that often afflict those who retreat into a binary world of good and evil. 
Those enthralled by such thinking are Christian heretics'”Jesus did not come to make us rich and powerful and bless America's empire'”and potential fascists. They have fused the iconography and symbols of the American state with the iconography and symbols of the Christian religion. They believe they can create a 'Christian' America. The American flag is given the same sacred value as the Christian cross. The Pledge of Allegiance has the religious power of the Lord's Prayer. That a sleazy developer and con artist was chosen as their vehicle'”81 percent of evangelicals voted for Trump'”for achieving this goal is startling, to say the least. But this is not a reality-based movement. Most of those who profit from this culture of despair, many wrapped in the halo of the ministry, are, like Trump, slick, amoral trolls. 
My view of the tens of millions of Americans who have fallen into the embrace of the Christian right's magical thinking underwent a profound change as I conducted interviews for the book. During that time I did what good reporters do: I listened. And the stories I heard were heartbreaking. I grew to like many of these people. The communities they lived in, many of which I visited, looked like the towns where my family lived in Maine. They were terrified of the future, especially for their children. They struggled with feelings of worthlessness and abandonment. I fear the Christianized fascism in which they enshroud themselves, but I also see them as its pawns. 
They hate a secular world they see as destroying them. They long for the apocalyptic visions of Tim LaHaye's 'Left Behind' series . They want the cruelty and rot of 'secular humanism' to be obliterated before they and their families are lifted into heaven by the rapture (an event never mentioned in the Bible). 
I finished my book with a deep dislike for megachurch pastors who, like Trump, manipulate despair to achieve power and wealth. I see the Christian right as a serious threat to an open society. But I do not hate those who desperately cling to this emotional life raft, even as they spew racist venom. Their conclusion that minorities, undocumented workers or Muslims are responsible for their impoverishment is part of the retreat into fantasy. The only way we will blunt this racism and hatred and allow them to free themselves from the grip of magical thinking is by providing jobs that offer adequate incomes and economic stability and by restoring their communities and the primacy of the common good. Any other approach will fail. We will not argue or scold them out of their beliefs. These people are emotionally incapable of coping with the world as it is. If we demonize them we demonize ourselves. 
Arlie Russell Hochschild 's book 'Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right' in story after story makes clear that members of the white underclass are also victims and deserve our empathy. 
The liberal class has no hope of defeating the rise of American fascism until it unites with the dispossessed white working class. It has no hope of being an effective force in politics until it articulates a viable socialism. Corporate capitalism cannot be regulated, reformed or corrected. A socialist movement dedicated to demolishing the cruelty of the corporate state will do more to curb the racism of the white underclass than lessons by liberals in moral purity. Preaching multiculturalism and gender and identity politics will not save us from the rising sadism in American society. It will only fuel the anti-politics that has replaced politics. 
Liberals have sprinkled academic, corporate, media and political institutions with men and women of different races and religions. This has done nothing to protect the majority of marginalized people who live in conditions that are worse than those that existed when King marched on Selma. It is boutique activism. It is about branding, not justice. 
Murray Bookchin excoriated the irrelevancy of a liberal class that busied itself with 'the numbing quietude of the polling booth, the deadening platitudes of petition campaigns, car[-]bumper sloganeering, the contradictory rhetoric of manipulative politicians, the spectator sports of public rallies and finally, the knee-bent humble pleas for small reforms'”in short the mere shadows of the direct action, embattled commitment, insurgent conflicts, and social idealism that marked every revolutionary project in history.' 
Human history, as Bookchin and Karl Marx understood, is defined by class struggle. America's corporate elites successfully fused the two major political parties into a single corporate party, one that seized control of electoral politics, internal security, the judiciary, universities, the arts, finance and nearly all forms of popular communication, including Hollywood, public relations and the press. There is no way within the system to defy the demands of Wall Street, the fossil fuel industry or war profiteers. And Trump is about to remove whatever tepid restraints are left. 
Oswald Spengler in 'The Decline of the West' predicted that, as Western democracies calcified and died, a class of 'monied thugs,' people such as Trump, would replace the traditional political elites. Democracy would become a sham. Hatred would be fostered and fed to the masses to encourage them to tear themselves apart. 
The only route left is revolt. If this revolt is to succeed it must be expressed in the language of economic justice. A continuation of the language of multiculturalism and identity politics as our primary means of communication is self-defeating. It stokes the culture wars. It feeds the anti-politics that define the corporate state. 
'The heirs of the New Left of the Sixties have created, within the academy, a cultural Left,' Richard Rorty wrote. 'Many members of this Left specialize in what they call the '˜politics of difference' or '˜of identity' or'˜of recognition.' This cultural Left thinks more about stigma than about money, more about deep and hidden psychosexual motivations than about shallow and evident greed.' 
Our enemy is not the white working poor any more than it is African-Americans, undocumented workers, Muslims, Latinos or members of the GBLT community. The oligarchs and corporations, many of them proponents of political correctness, are our enemy. If we shed our self-righteousness and hubris, if we speak to the pain and suffering of the working poor, we will unmask the toxins of bigotry and racism. We will turn the rage of an abandoned working class, no matter what its members' color, race or religious creed, against those who deserve it. Â© 2016 TruthDig 
Chris Hedges writes a regular column for Truthdig.com . Hedges graduated from Harvard Divinity School and was for nearly two decades a foreign correspondent for The New York Times. He is the author of many books, including: War Is A Force That Gives Us Meaning , What Every Person Should Know About War , and American Fascists: The Christian Right and the War on America. His most recent book is Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle . 4.0 Â·

ARTICLE

By Ryan Chikaraishi / filmsforaction.org 
After the Japanese bombed Peal Harbor in December of 1942 President Roosevelt, an alleged 'progressive' Democrat, issued Executive Order 9066, which forcibly removed around 110,000 Japanese citizens regardless of citizenship living on the west coast and 'relocated' them. My grandparents were forced from their homes and given two weeks to pack what they could carry before eventually ending up at camp, concentration camps as the Japanese refer to them, in Rohwer, Arkansas. They were forced to reside in hastily constructed stables that smelled of manure, were surrounded by barbed wire, and had armed guards 24/7. However, there was some beauty from the chaos for my grandparents. They met in camp and recently celebrated their 71st wedding anniversary and still reside in Chicago. 
Thousands of law-abiding citizens had their lives transformed overnight. They lost their livelihoods, possessions, had to register with the War Relocation Authority, and they were considered potential enemy combatants and spies because of their ethnic background despite most of them being born and raised in America. My grandparent's families lost most of what they owned and had to rebuild from nothing after the war. After resettling my Grandfather was fired from a job because there were 'too many Japanese' working there and it looked bad for business. 
The same poisonous conditions are building up in 2016 and this time the targets are Muslims. 
In Dec of 2015 Donald Trump was asked by Time if he supported the internment of Japanese American citizens during WWII, his response was, 'I would have had to be there at the time to tell you, to give you a proper answer. I certainly hate the concept of it. But I would have had to be there at the time to give you a proper answer.' 
Given the context of his anti-immigrant, islamaphobic, and racist diatribes one can only shudder in fear of a statement that refuses to unequivocally denounce such abuses driven by racism and xenophobic ignorance. His own statements and policy recommendations have called for a 'total and complete shutdown on Muslims entering America' as well as a national registry. 
And what is probably most unsettling of all is that there is legal and historical precedent, as well as the executive powers to do this again. In a scene out of the 1940s Trump surrogate Carl Higbie told Megan Kelly of Fox News 'We've done it with Iran back a while ago,' and, 'we did it during World War II with the Japanese.' The devil seems to be in the legal details as well. The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 has a clause that states: 

Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, he may by proclamation, and for such period as he shall deem necessary, suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions he may deem to be appropriate. 

That is scary. While it is true that the first amendment protects the practice of religion there are ways to discriminate and 'shut down' Muslims from entering America by excluding them based on their nationality and Trump has modified his comments on his Muslim ban, possibly because he is aware of this. In July of 2015 he stated he would halt immigration, 'from any nation that has been compromised by terrorism.' This includes around 40 countries, many of which are allies of the U.S. and even Western allies such as France and Germany. 
Another frightening legal precedent regards one of the most infamous Supreme Court cases of all time, Korematsu v. The United States. In a 6-3 ruling the court upheld the government's decision to incarcerate Japanese citizens during the WWII. This case has technically never been overturned. The NY Times reported that one reason it hasn't been overruled is because a similar case has not happened again. Well, we might not have to wait long now. Trump might very well be on his way to not only using his executive powers to ban Muslims, thus discriminating based on religious background, but by also appointing what could turn out to be two justices to the Supreme Court. Trump is also eyeing Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach for Attorney General, who has plans to create a Muslim registry. 
Supreme Court justices themselves admit that we are not far off from this happening again. In 2014 the late Justice Scalia told a group of students in Hawaii, 'But you are kidding yourself if you think the same thing will not happen again' when referring to the detainment of Japanese people during WWII. And since the 'war on terror' is a never-ending war and we already have Guantanamo Bay as well as various clandestine centers around the world the implications of what already exists and what is yet to come are dystopian to say the least. 
With Trump's recent appointment of Stephen Bannon, the executive chairman of the leading alt-right news source, Breitbart News, and a man that the former Grand Wizard of the KKK, David Duke, has praised, the future is more Orwellian than ever and I fear greatly for our Muslim brother and sisters. 
We are headed into disturbingly familiar scenario by a man that spouts racist drivel and emboldens white ethno-nationalism in a veiled attempt to internalize his authoritarian proclivities. It's up to us to makes sure that history does not repeat itself. The indigenous holocaust, transatlantic slave trade, Jim Crow, Japanese internment, endless war against the 'other'; these things are all events that were allowed to happen due to outright racism and colonial policies, but they were also perpetuated by indifference and ignorance. We must be the generation that refuses to be indifferent and rises up to challenge injustices like these head on even if it means directly confronting these pernicious machinations directly and forcefully until they are vanquished forever. 
This work is licensed under an Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License 4.0 Â·

ARTICLE

Jonathan Haidt: the Moral Roots of Liberals and Conservatives Share on Facebook Tweet 
Psychologist Jonathan Haidt studies the five moral values that form the basis of our political choices, whether we're left, right or center. In this eye-opening talk, he pinpoints the moral values that liberals and conservatives tend to honor most. [watch video below]

ARTICLE

Share on Facebook Tweet 
Aldous Huxley's dystopian vision of a Fascist society controlled by state-sanctioned addiction is unfolding right before our eyes - - but not how we might imagine. In the Brave New Digital World we are enslaved not by the things we hate and fear, but by the things we love and invite into our homes... [watch video below]

ARTICLE

#NODAPL: Battle at the End of the World Share on Facebook Tweet 
Watching the footage of the police attack against water protectors from last Sunday, conjured images of the apocalypse. Yet, despite this brutal assault, the people at Standing Rock keep on fighting. This video is dedicated to Sophia Wilansky, who was critically injured during the attack. Read more about this incident here. [watch video below]  

ARTICLE

Native American Girls Describe the Real History Behind Thanksgiving Share on Facebook 
6 Native American girls school us on the REAL history of Thanksgiving.  

ARTICLE

Democracy Now Standing Rock Special Share on Facebook Tweet Part 1 - Unlicensed #DAPL Guards Attacked Water Protectors with Dogs & Pepper Spray Many across the United States are celebrating this Thanksgiving holiday. But many for Native Americans observe it as a National Day of Mourning, marking the genocide against their communities and the theft of their land. We spend the hour looking at the standoff at Standing Rock in North Dakota'”the struggle... read more 
Part 1 - Unlicensed #DAPL Guards Attacked Water Protectors with Dogs & Pepper Spray 
Many across the United States are celebrating this Thanksgiving holiday. But many for Native Americans observe it as a National Day of Mourning, marking the genocide against their communities and the theft of their land. We spend the hour looking at the standoff at Standing Rock in North Dakota'”the struggle against the $3.8 billion Dakota Access pipeline that has galvanized the largest resistance movement of Native Americans in decades. The movement has largely been ignored on this year's presidential campaign trail and by the national corporate media. But Democracy Now! has been covering the standoff closely. We begin with our report from North Dakota Labor Day weekend. It was Saturday, September 3, when unlicensed Dakota Access security guards attacked water protectors trying to defend a sacred tribal burial site from destruction. - 13mins 
Part 2 - Standing Rock Special: Historian Says Dakota Access Co. Attack Came on Anniv. of Whitestone Massacre 
While reporting from the standoff at Standing Rock in September, Democracy Now! sat down with Standing Rock Sioux tribal historian LaDonna Brave Bull Allard to speak about another attack against her tribe'”this one on the same day 153 years before. On September 3, 1863, the U.S. Army massacred more than 300 members of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in what became known as the Whitestone massacre. LaDonna Brave Bull Allard is not only the tribal historian, she's also one of the founders of the Sacred Stone Camp, launched on her land April 1, 2016, to resist the Dakota Access pipeline. - 7mins 
Part 3 - Dakota Excess Pipeline? Media & Water Protectors Face Strip Searches, Jail 
Today we're revisiting Democracy Now! reports on the ongoing standoff at Standing Rock in North Dakota, where thousands of Native American water defenders are resisting the construction of the Dakota Access pipeline, over concerns a pipeline leak could contaminate the Missouri River, which provides water for millions of people. Their resistance has been met by increasing repression by hundreds of police officers from North Dakota and surrounding states, as well as by unlicensed pipeline security guards, who unleashed dogs and pepper spray against Native American protectors on September 3. Five days after the Democracy Now! report on the attack went viral, Morton County issued an arrest warrant for Amy Goodman. The original charge against her was criminal trespass. Yet, on Friday, October 14, after Democracy Now! returned to North Dakota to challenge the charges and to continue covering the resistance to the Dakota Access pipeline, we learned that the state's attorney, Ladd Erickson, had dropped the criminal trespass charge for lack of evidence, but had filed a new charge: riot. We feature part of our live broadcast from outside the Morton County Courthouse on the morning of October 17 as we waited to see whether Judge John Grinsteiner would approve the new riot charge, and speak with Tara Houska, national campaigns director for Honor the Earth, and with Anishinaabe activist Winona LaDuke, co-founder of Honor the Earth. - 21mins 
Part 4 - Dallas Goldtooth on Police Violence & Repression of Movement Against DAPL 
We continue our look back at Democracy Now!'s coverage of the ongoing standoff at Standing Rock in North Dakota, where thousands of Native American water defenders are resisting the construction of the $3.8 billion Dakota Access pipeline. In recent months, the repression against the water protectors'”and journalists covering the movement'”has continued to intensify. The state of North Dakota has approved $10 million to police the ongoing protest, and Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier has called in hundreds of deputies from neighboring states. North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple has also activated the National Guard. Riot police with military-grade equipment have attacked the Native American protectors with pepper spray, tear gas, bean bag rounds, rubber bullets and sound cannons called LRADs'”that's a long-range acoustic device. Water protectors also report near-constant surveillance from police planes and helicopters. Over 400 people have been arrested during the ongoing protests, and many report being subjected to strip searches while in the Morton County jail in North Dakota. On October 31, we spoke with Dakota and Dine activist Dallas Goldtooth of the Indigenous Environmental Network about a violent police raid on a frontline camp established at the site of the same sacred tribal burial ground where unlicensed Dakota Access security guards attacked Native Americans with dogs and pepper spray on September 3. - 14mins [watch video below]

