ARTICLE

Tom Cahill | October 28, 2016 
Native Americans attempting to stop a pipeline from being built on their land and water just got assistance from a large herd of wild buffalo. 
Indigenous culture honors American bison (known as Tatanka Oyate, or Buffalo Nation) as a symbol of sacrifice, as the bison give their lives to provide food, shelter, and clothing through the use of their meat and their hides. Native Americans maintain a spiritual tradition with bison , believing that as long as buffalo — a gift from the Great Spirit — roam free and as long as the herds are bountiful, the sovereignty of indigenous people would remain strong. 
And in the midst of mass arrests, mace attacks, and beatings from batons, a stampede of bison suddenly appeared near the Standing Rock protest camp. A cry of joy reportedly erupted from the Standing Rock Sioux, as they had been praying for assistance from the Tatanka Oyate during their standoff with riot police and national guardsmen. 
Okay here you go… it is a beautiful thing… WATCH. The Tatanka (Pte) Oyate Buffalo Nation stands with Standing Rock… 
Posted by Walt Pourier on Thursday, October 27, 2016 
As the police response to the Sioux's ongoing nonviolent civil disobedience escalates, tribal leaders are calling on state and federal governments to respect the constitutional rights of water protectors and stop the mistreatment of the indigenous community. 
'We call on the state of North Dakota to oversee the actions of local law enforcement to, first and foremost, ensure everyone's safety. The Department of Justice must send overseers immediately to ensure the protection of First Amendment rights and the safety of thousands here at Standing Rock,” wrote David Archambault II , chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe. 'DOJ can no longer ignore our requests.” 

Tom Cahill is a writer for US Uncut based in the Pacific Northwest. He specializes in coverage of political, economic, and environmental news. You can contact him via email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE

SHARES Hillary Clinton's silence on the Dakota Access Pipeline has not gone unnoticed. On Thursday morning, young water protectors from Oceti Sakowin, the Seven Council Fires, and the Standing Rock Sioux Nation traveled to the Democratic presidential nominee's campaign headquarters in Brooklyn, New York, demanding that she speak out against the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL). The Hillary Clinton campaign has thus far remained silent about the 1,172-mile pipeline , which would cross both the Missouri River and the Ogallala Aquifer, threatening sacred indigenous land and water supplies. The group also called for solidarity actions at Clinton campaign offices across the country. 'We are coming directly to Hillary at her headquarters because as the future president, she is going to have to work for us, and we want her to uphold the treaties and her promise to protect unci maka (Mother Earth),” said 19-year-old Gracey Claymore. Garret Hairychin, 23, echoed Claymore's concerns. 'As a young person I want to know what the next four years are going to entail. Is Hillary going to be focused on protecting our land? I want to know if my younger family is going to be safe. Our present situation is in dire need of a leader that still remembers that our kids are here,” Hairychin said. 'We want to protect the future for the young ones that come after us. I'm here to support my family.” The youth delegation took over the lobby of the campaign HQ with a full-size tipi to deliver their message to Clinton. Despite the size and energy of the demonstration, Clinton campaign staffers refused to even accept the letter indigenous protesters had for the former Secretary of State. 
WATCH: Anti-Dakota Access pipeline protesters marching to Clinton campaign headquarters in Brooklyn to demand that she… 
Posted by NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt on Thursday, October 27, 2016 The delegation included four of the Oceti Sakowin youth runners, a group of young people who ran over 1,600 miles from North Dakota to Washington, DC earlier this year to pray for the water, raise awareness, and deliver 140,000 petition signatures to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. One of the runners, 18-year-old Adam Palaniuk Killsalive, said those thousands of miles should mean something. 'We are here to tell Hillary how badly we need to protect the water. We didn't come all the way to New York for nothing. We didn't run all the way to Omaha or DC for nothing,” Killsalive said. 'We want to ask Hillary if she wants to see her great-grandkids line up for water rations.” A large and growing community led by indigenous groups has come together in rejecting the DAPL, with thousands gathering at a series of encampments on the lands of the Standing Rock Sioux to resist the pipeline's construction. Hundreds of peaceful protectors, including children, have been pepper sprayed, attacked by dogs, and arrested by private security forces and state law enforcement. American Indians from over 300 tribes have joined in solidarity, as have 21 city and county governments. Clinton's silence grows increasingly conspicuous as more and more of her peers speak out against the project. Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vermont), former Vice President Al Gore , and U.S. Representative Raul Grijalva (D-Arizona) have all condemned the DAPL and called for an end to its construction. Lilian Molina, a spokesperson for Greenpeace, agreed that the total silence from both Hillary Clinton and GOP nominee Donald Trump is a major cause for concern. 'Silence is not acceptable. Waiting is not acceptable,” Molina said. 'We are grateful for the young people who have traveled so far to say enough is enough. If you claim to be a climate champion, that means respecting Indigenous sovereignty, rejecting new pipelines, and keeping dangerous fossil fuels in the ground.” 16-year-old William Brownotter, another member of the youth delegation, pointed out that the DAPL isn't just a new threat, but a continuation of centuries of disenfranchisement and theft from Native Americans. 'We made treaties and agreements. A violation of a native treaty is a violation of federal law,” said Brownotter. 'By refusing to stand against DAPL, Hillary is putting our environment, wildlife, culture, and land at risk.” The DAPL, which would cross unceded Indigenous territory, is a direct violation of the sovereign rights and culture of the Standing Rock Sioux. The fast-track process of approval disregarded key U.S. legislation, including the Clean Water Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, and the National Historic Preservation Act. No proper environmental impact study was performed , and no consultation was sought from the indigenous community. In a letter presented to Clinton , water protectors wrote that as the possible next president, it's on the former Secretary of State to stop the pipeline and protect valuable natural resources. 'As we look into the coming days and months, we are prepared to continue to stand for the rights of our people and Mother Earth. As President Obama rejected the Keystone XL Pipeline, we urge the new President to be a leader and continue standing up for what is right by rejecting the Dakota Access Pipeline,” The letter states. 'The First 100 Days is a significant time for you to set the stage – are you with us? ' 
While water protectors protested at the Clinton campaign headquarters, militarized police moved in on the Standing Rock camp, deploying sonic weapons, destroying prayer tents, and arresting observers in an effort to force water protectors off the land. As of this writing, Hillary Clinton has not made any statements against the Dakota Access Pipeline. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] , and follow his work on the Public Banking Institute blog . 3463 

ARTICLE

27444 SHARES 
The Standing Rock Sioux's camp, set up to physically stop construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline, just got solar power thanks to Mark Ruffalo. 
The actor and director delivered trailers full of solar panels alongside Wahleah Johns, founder of Native Renewables, to the Standing Rock camp. As cold weather begins to set in for the indigenous tribes facing off with oil companies in North Dakota, the solar panels will help generate electricity to provide the camp with life-sustaining heat and medical treatment. 
EcoWatch reported that Ruffalo and Johns touted the necessity of switching to renewable energy in the wake of drastic climate change. Ruffalo also emphasized the right of Native Americans to protect their land from predatory fossil fuel companies. 
'Around the world, more than 80 percent of the forests and lands with protected waterways and rich biodiversity are held by indigenous tribes. This is no coincidence,” Ruffalo said. 'As so many of us suffer from polluted water, air and land in our rural and urban communities, the water defenders at Standing Rock are showing us another way.” 
However, Ruffalo was quick to note that he was merely 'trying to be of service” in using his platform to bring awareness to the Dakota Access Pipeline protest. 
'It was really Wahleah Johns responsible for the delivery. I was there to draw the spotlight,” Ruffalo told US Uncut in an email. 
Johns, whose company's goal is to provide low-cost, renewable energy sources and green energy jobs for indigenous communities, praised the Standing Rock Sioux's fight against Energy Transfer Partners' pipeline, calling it necessary for the sake of the planet's survival. 
'Water is life,” said Johns , who is a leader in the Navajo nation. 'By leading a transition to energy that is powered by the sun, the wind, and water, we ensure a better future for all of our people and for future generations.” 
The Dakota Access Pipeline, if constructed, would carry highly toxic tar sands oil through North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa, and Illinois , where it would then be transported by train to ports on the Gulf of Mexico. Sacred land belonging to indigenous communities in North Dakota was destroyed for the pipeline route, with Native American leaders saying they were never consulted about the pipeline before construction began. The Standing Rock Sioux, who call themselves 'water protectors,” say the pipeline would endanger drinking water for millions of people along the pipeline route. 

Tom Cahill is a writer for US Uncut based in the Pacific Northwest. He specializes in coverage of political, economic, and environmental news. You can contact him via email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE

16934 SHARES 
After Thursday's Bundy verdict and Standing Rock response, the judicial system seems to be communicating loud and clear that white lives matter more. 
On the same day that Ammon Bundy and his gang of domestic terrorists were acquitted for taking over federal property while armed to the teeth , over 100 Native Americans protecting their own land were arrested, gassed, beaten with batons, and shot with rubber bullets . The difference in how each group was treated couldn't be more stark. 
From the very beginning, the system was set up to favor the Bundys. Shortly after the takeover of the Malheur Wildlife Refuge in rural Oregon took place earlier this year, the police response was muted . 
'During Saturday's rally, not a police officer was visible. And so far law enforcement agencies have not approached the refuge or blocked access to the territory,” The Oregonian reported in January. 
Even though the wildlife refuge was on federal property, no FBI agents or military units were deployed to remove the Bundy militia from the building. The Bundys' acquittal came from an all-white jury , who took just 6 hours of deliberation to find the gang not guilty of the crimes they were charged for, despite the Bundys livestreaming the event to the world . And as the Associated Press reported, the threat of violence was very real, as federal authorities recovered nearly 17,000 live rounds of ammunition at the bird sanctuary, as well as almost 2,000 shell casings from rounds previously fired. 
To contrast, the response from both state law enforcement and private security to the nonviolent civil disobedience exercised by the Standing Rock Sioux at the site of the Dakota Access Pipeline was incredibly heavy-handed. As water protector Dallas Goldtooth wrote on his Facebook profile , Native Americans protesting pipeline construction were dragged out of a religious ceremony at gunpoint, one of their horses was so badly injured by private security that it had to be put down, and national guardsmen were used to clear the protest site despite an order from President Obama's Department of Justice halting pipeline construction within 20 miles of the Missouri River. 
The Sacred Stone Camp further described the violence carried out against unarmed indigenous protesters in a post to their website : 
In addition to pepper spray and percussion grenades, shotguns were fired into the crowd with less lethal ammunition and a sound cannon was used (see images below). At least one person was tased and the barbed hook lodged in his face, just outside his eye. Another was hit in the face by a rubber bullet… A member of the International Indigenous Youth Council (IIYC) that had her wrist broken during a mass-arrest on October 22nd was hurt again after an officer gripped her visibly injured wrist and twisted it during an attempted arrest. At least six other members of the youth council verified that they had been maced up to five times and were also shot and hit with bean bags. 
German Lopez, a writer for Vox.com, summed up the injustice of the Bundy verdict : 
'It is impossible to ignore race here. This was a group of armed white people, mostly men, taking over a facility. Just imagine: What would happen if a group of armed black men, protesting police brutality, tried to take over a police facility and hold it hostage for more than a month?” Lopez wrote. 'Would they even come out alive and get to trial? Would a jury find them and their cause relatable, making it easier to send them back home with no prison time?” 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] , and follow his work on the Public Banking Institute blog . 16934

ARTICLE

161402 SHARES 
While the U.S. Department of Justice temporarily halted construction of a section of the Dakota Access Pipeline, two other pipelines are moving forward. 
In May, the Obama administration granted the permits for both the Trans-Pecos and Comanche Trail pipelines, and while construction has not yet begun on the pipelines, implementation plans for the building of the pipelines is well underway. 
Earlier this week, DeSmogBlog investigative reporter Steve Horn highlighted the approval and pending construction of both pipelines, as well as their significant impact on local water supplies and indigenous territory. As Horn wrote, the Trans-Pecos pipeline will carry natural gas extracted from the Permian Basin in West Texas, and transport it across international borders to Mexico. 
According to the Texas Tribune, the 42-inch-wide Trans-Pecos Pipeline will carry 1.6 billion cubic feet of gas every day under the Rio Grande River. Should a leak or spill occur, the effects could be felt in both Texas and Mexico. The Comanche Trail pipeline, which is also 42-inches, will carry gas from the Waha Hub in the Northern part of Pecos County, Texas, to San Elizario, Texas, where it will then be carried across the United States/Mexico border . 
'[The] Trans-Pecos and Comanche go through the Big Bend area, a rural area containing mountains, desert, and ranch land. Most importantly, they link to a massive set of pipelines in Mexico that are in the process of being built and it's a bit difficult to say what the impacts of land/spills would be there,” Horn told US Uncut. 'What sorts of environmental/ecological reviews are being done in Mexico? What are the potential risks of spills there and would we even hear about them if they took place?” 
However, Horn says the 'elephant in the room” on assessing environmental impact is the fracking being done to take natural gas out of Texas' Permian Basin. 
'With temperature records being broken left and right, that's what the conversation should really center around,” Horn said. 
According to the latest status report filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) earlier this month by pipeline builder Energy Transfer Partners (the company also building the Dakota Access Pipeline), construction has not yet begun. However, because the pipeline has already been granted approval by both the United States and Mexican governments, Horn says the only recourse left for activists is civil disobedience. 
'Dakota Access, and everything that preceded the now-ongoing civil disobedience and largest convening of Native American tribes in modern history, shows the regulatory system is designed as a corporate rubber-stamp process,” Horn said. 'The courts are happy to ratify rulings based on laws written by and for Corporate America.” 
Horn credited the Native American tribes chaining their bodies to pipeline construction equipment in North Dakota with the Obama administration's recent call to temporarily halt Dakota Access Pipeline construction near the Missouri River. 
'[Civil disobedience] might be the only option left given how much the deck is stacked in favor powerful big business interests in the US regulatory and legislative system.” 

Tom Cahill is a writer for US Uncut based in the Pacific Northwest. He specializes in coverage of political, economic, and environmental news. You can contact him via email at [email protected]

ARTICLE

Zach Cartwright | November 6, 2016 
A prominent Native American association is making a powerful statement about offensive sports team logos using indigenous people as mascots. 
The National Congress of American Indians (NCAI), which is behind the effort to change the names and logos of the Washington Redskins football team and the Cleveland Indians baseball team, is circulating a purposefully offensive image using other ethnicities as mascots to promote dialogue about the inappropriateness of having an ethnic stereotype as the face of a team. 
In a poster made by the NCAI, several imaginary sports teams — the New York Jews, the San Francisco Chinamen, and the actual Cleveland Indians are all seen side-by-side. The 'New York Jews” mascot is a hook-nosed, bespectacled grinning face, the 'San Francisco Chinamen” logo is a buck-toothed Chinese stereotype in a traditional sedge hat, and the Cleveland Indians logo is depicted next to the other two offensive images. 
The evolution of offensive portrayals of Native Americans is nothing new in sports. As Indian County Today Media Network's Vincent Schilling reported, Chief Wahoo — the mascot of the Cleveland Indians — goes back to 1928, when the team used various depictions of a Native American man in traditional headdress for its official team logo. Between 1947 and 1951, Chief Wahoo had yellow skin. After a body was added to Chief Wahoo, the mascot's skin color was changed to a deep crimson. The Chief Wahoo known by baseball fans today has been the Cleveland Indians' logo since 1972. 
As the NFL season continues, pressure is increasing on the Washington Redskins to change their name and mascot, after years of pressure from indigenous groups. An op-ed posted on ESPN in 2015 argued a change in the team's name is ' inevitable ,” saying team owner Daniel Snyder is clinging to the past. Author Mike Wise cited the example of NFL referee Mike Carey, who asked the league to not assign him to Washington Redskins games for the final years of his career, saying he didn't want to take part in disrespecting Native Americans. 
Sports fans are pushing the change the names of the teams through online petitions. A MoveOn.org petition asking the Redskins to change their name has garnered nearly 8,000 signatures as of this writing, and a Change.org petition to Cleveland Indians owner Larry Dolan asking the team to retire the Chief Wahoo logo has nearly 14,000 signatures. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE

Zach Cartwright | November 6, 2016 
President Obama is relentlessly mocking Donald Trump in the wake of news that the candidate has had control of his Twitter account usurped by staffers. 
While on the campaign stump for Hillary Clinton in the battleground state of Florida, Obama poked fun at the GOP presidential nominee's campaign revoking exclusive access to his Twitter account, which he has used for years as a platform to blast unfiltered 140-character missives at his political opponents and pop culture figures. The 44th President of the United States made the point that presidents require a larger degree of self-control than what Trump has shown throughout the election cycle. 
'In the last two days, they had so little confidence in his self control, they said: 'We're just going to take away your Twitter.' Now, if somebody cant handle a Twitter account, they can't handle the nuclear code,” Obama said. 'If somebody starts tweeting at three in the morning 'cause SNL made fun of you, then you can't handle the nuclear code.” 
The New York Times recently reported that Trump now has all of his tweets pre-screened by campaign staffers like Hope Hicks, who handles media relations for the Trump campaign. The billionaire real estate developer's days of tweeting tirades at former beauty pageant stars are over, for the time being, with his campaign aides working overtime to keep the candidate on message in the remaining 48 hours before Americans cast their ballots on Tuesday. 
Watch video of Obama's mocking of Trump in Kissimmee, Florida below: 
Florida is a contentious, must-win state for both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. The latest polling average from RealClearPolitics shows Clinton with a paper-thin 0.9 percent advantage over Trump. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE

Zach Cartwright | November 6, 2016 
One of the most prolific Twitter users in the world is being denied his favorite medium of communication in the days before the election. 
According to the New York Times, Donald Trump's social media usage is being stymied by top campaign aides, in an effort to keep the Republican presidential nominee from straying off message as voters prepare to cast their ballots. Calling the revocation of Trump's sole control over the @realDonaldTrump account an 'essential move” prior to Election Day, the Times reported that Trump's tweets are now being closely screened by top communications aide Hope Hicks , who approves every tweet before it's fired off into the world. 
Trump's tweeting has previously landed him in rough waters, such as a flurry of tweets fired off at 3 AM about former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, who the billionaire reality TV host once referred to as 'Miss Piggy” in reference to her weight gain following the pageant, and 'Miss Housekeeper” in reference to her Latina upbringing. Trump also encouraged his 13 million followers to 'check out” a sex tape allegedly featuring Machado. The tweets came after a debate with Hillary Clinton, who brought up her rival's treatment of the beauty queen near the end of the 90-minute debate. Using Alicia M in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that Crooked Hillary suffers from BAD JUDGEMENT! Hillary was set up by a con. 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016 Did Crooked Hillary help disgusting (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so she could use her in the debate? 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2016 
Trump has frequently used his account on the popular social media platform to attack his political rivals on both sides of the aisle. In 2012, Trump tweeted his doubts that President Barack Obama was born in the United States, and to peddle fears about the Ebola virus. He's also tweeted insulting remarks about prominent women in society, given unsolicited advice to celebrities about their relationships, and fired off insults at random people. An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama 's birth certificate is a fraud. 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 6, 2012 How amazing, the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama's 'birth certificate” died in plane crash today. All others lived 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2013 . @ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision. 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 28, 2012 Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years, he will thank me. Be smart, Robert. 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 22, 2012 I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke. 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2012 
Trump will likely be able to wrest control of his social media accounts back from his campaign staff on November 9. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE

Tom Cahill | November 6, 2016 
A photo of an indigenous Standing Rock water protector on horseback facing down dozens of riot police is blowing up social media. 
The viral photo was circulated by filmmaker Larry Wright on Friday, and it quickly accumulated tens of thousands of engagements on Twitter. Wright described the photo as 'incredible.” This photo from Standing Rock is incredible pic.twitter.com/aWeHSFh1VP 
— Larry Wright (@refocusedmedia) November 5, 2016 
After inquiries from Twitter users about the origin of the viral photo, Wright pointed them to a GoFundMe page for 'Standing Rock Rising,” which hosts not only the viral photo, but several other high-quality shots showcasing the nobility of the Standing Rock protesters at the Dakota Access Pipeline construction site, particularly in the face of countless state resources aimed at ousting them from treaty-protected land. The original source of the viral photo on Standing Rock Rising's Facebook page has over 16,000 shares as of this writing. 
DEFEND THE SACRED 
Posted by Standing Rock Rising on Wednesday, November 2, 2016 
'What an incredibly powerful photo,” wrote Chris Ashby-Zwozdiak in the comments. 'The civilised vs the uncivilised, predatory, and despicable mob. I stand with you Standing Rock, all indigenous peoples, and with all those who continue to fight for environmental and social justice for all.” 
'This reminds me so much of the Tiananmen Square massacre that saw China's People's Liberation Army gun down hundreds of civilians in a brutal crackdown on protests against government corruption, lack of transparency and freedom of speech,” wrote Catherine Davies van Zoen. 'This photo here will become just as much an icon of shame to the USA police as the other one is to the Chinese military.” 
Ryan Redhawk, a photojournalist from Atlanta, is revealed as the photographer behind Standing Rock Rising. Redhawk is aiming to crowdfund $15,000 , of which over $11,000 has already been raised, saying the goal of his work is to 'help spread awareness for activism and social change across the United States.” Redhawk is planning to stay at Standing Rock throughout the cold winter months, documenting the indigenous resistance to the Dakota Access Pipeline, even walking away from his two current jobs to devote 100 percent of his time to the project. 
'This project means so much to me, because I deeply feel the Native Americans are being forgotten in general American culture, and something as rich as their roots should live on forever,” Redhawk wrote. 'I want to see them be brought back to light as the original Americans. After all, this was their land, before it was our[s].” 

Tom Cahill is a writer for US Uncut based in the Pacific Northwest. He specializes in coverage of political, economic, and environmental news. You can contact him via email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE

November 9, 2016 
Canada is becoming more appealing to millions of Americans as Donald Trump closes in on the presidency. 
According to Independent UK, the website for Canada's official immigration agency is crashing under heavy traffic , with Americans researching how to immigrate to Canada in the wake of Donald Trump's looming electoral college majority. When attempting to access the Citizenship and Immigration Canada website, an error message shows on the screen after waiting several minutes for the site to load. The Canada Citizenship and Immigration site has crashed — pic.twitter.com/DISgFSB3Q1 
— Ryan Parker (@TheRyanParker) November 9, 2016 
The immigration rules for Canada are fairly strict, as Americans seeking refuge there will be unable to relocate there without first securing a job, a graduate study course, or another professional niche that meets Canadian work residency requirements. A thread on Quora explained the rigorous standards the Canadian government has for Americans relocating to their Northern neighbor. Tax rules are also complex for American expats seeking refuge from a Trump presidency. 
One viral phenomenon that spread earlier in the election season eerily predicted the rise in interest of American immigration to Canada if Donald Trump were to win the presidency. In July, a website promoted Cape Breton Island , on the Eastern shore of Canada, as a possible refuge for Americans fleeing a President Trump. 
Destination Cape Breton had to hire extra staff to field 5,000 questions from Americans who were either seriously interested in moving to the island or adjusting their summer travel plans to include a visit. Questions ranged from 'What is the process to immigrate to your beautiful island?” to 'What are real estate prices like?” 
As of 11:51 PM Eastern, Donald Trump currently has 232 electoral college votes to Hillary Clinton's 209. The GOP nominee has won Florida, and is still leading in Michigan and Wisconsin, which were previously thought to be solidly Democratic. 

Tom Cahill is a writer for US Uncut based in the Pacific Northwest. He specializes in coverage of political, economic, and environmental news. You can contact him via email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE

— Kaydee King (@KaydeeKing) November 9, 2016 The lesson from tonight's Dem losses: Time for Democrats to start listening to the voters. Stop running the same establishment candidates. 
— People For Bernie (@People4Bernie) November 9, 2016 If Dems didn't want a tight race they shouldn't have worked against Bernie. 
— Walker Bragman (@WalkerBragman) November 9, 2016 
New York Times columnist Paul Krugman, who was one of Hillary Clinton's most outspoken surrogates during the contentious Democratic primary, blamed Clinton's poor performance on Green Party candidate Jill Stein, who has so far received a negligible number of votes nationally, saying Stein was the Ralph Nader of 2016 in preventing a Clinton victory. The account @BerniesTeachers threw Krugman's analysis back in his face. Your candidate was the issue. Take responsibility. https://t.co/KHyOuUSrFS 
— Teachers for Bernie (@BerniesTeachers) November 9, 2016 
Ana Navarro, a Republican who recently endorsed Hillary Clinton, summed up the preposterous nature of the 2016 presidential election in this tweet: GOP nominated the only damn candidate who could lose to Hillary Clinton. Democrats nominated the only damn candidate who could lose to Trump 
— Ana Navarro (@ananavarro) November 9, 2016 
Popular left-wing Facebook page The Other 98%, which was pro-Sanders during the primary, responded to Trump's surge by simply posting a meme of Sanders' face with the text 'All this could've been avoided. Thanks for nothing, DNC!” The meme has been shared almost 15,000 times in less than an hour: 
Posted by The Other 98% on Tuesday, November 8, 2016 
While Bernie Sanders endorsed Hillary Clinton just before the Democratic National Convention in July, many of his supporters remained adamant in their refusal to support the DNC-anointed candidate, pointing to WikiLeaks' revelations that top officials at the DNC had been working behind the scenes to tip the scales in Clinton's favor by coordinating with media figures to circulate anti-Sanders narratives. 
Rather than attribute a potential Trump presidency to the GOP nominee's perceived popularity among voters, the closeness of this election could be credited to Hillary Clinton's unfavorable ratings. According to RealClearPolitics, anywhere between 51 and 57 percent of voters had a negative opinion of the Democratic nominee. 
As of 11 PM Eastern, Florida, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin remain too close to call. Clinton has 197 electoral votes to Trump's 187. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected]

ARTICLE

George Ciccariello-Maher | November 9, 2016 
The final election results are not in, but one thing is crystal clear: Hillary Clinton is a failure. And so is the neoliberal establishment. 
Even if she narrowly manages to defeat Donald Trump, she has still lost. Her failure is not individual, however, but a failure of Clintonism, the Democratic Party, and decades of failed economic policies. According to some exit polls, Clinton is losing half of union households and getting routed in a rust belt abandoned by Clintonism: in Ohio, Michigan, and Wisconsin, a state that she took so much for granted that she didn't make a single campaign stop there . 
All this against a racist misogynist with no ground game, hemorrhaging the support of his own party leadership, with far fewer resources and a thousand character flaws and weaknesses to be exploited. All polls show that even many Trump voters doubted his qualifications and character, but they voted for him anyway. 
Confronted with this reality, Clintonite liberals have been willfully ignorant, managing to both write poor whites off as racist deplorables while simultaneously underestimating their potential to swing to the Right. Neglecting poor whites, Clintonism holds Black and Latino Americans hostage, offering no solution to police murder and promising more deportations to boot. 
The blame game is already in full swing: Democratic apparatchiks are already preparing to blame FBI director James Comey, third party candidates, and it wouldn't be surprising to hear Vladimir Putin's name come up—the Red Scare never gets old. But the ire of a wounded Clintonism will no doubt be directed above all at the Left. 
But the liberal establishment and its neoliberal economic policies have failed, and it's time for liberals to own that. The pundits, the talking heads, the press, and the pollsters are admitting that they had no idea what they were talking about and flailing for explanations. Maybe if liberal and conservative elites alike don't have answers, it's time to build a fighting left that can offer real solutions. 
The left needs to directly confront the racism that Trump harnessed, but it also needs to better understand what caused the Trump phenomenon to begin with. For all of his flaws, Bernie Sanders did the second, and you don't have to like Sanders to admit that there's no way he would have fucked this up so bad. 
But Sanders' failure to capture the Democratic Party was no accident. If Trump wins, the same Democratic Party has been calling him a fascist and would-be dictator will demand that we recognize his legitimacy. They will suddenly discover that, instead of fighting back, they can reach across the aisle and work with this eccentric leader. 
But the reality is this: if you really believe that Trump is a fascist, you'd better be prepared to do more than just vote. 

George Ciccariello-Maher is an organizer, radical political theorist, and professor at Drexel University. Follow him on Twitter @ciccmaher . 

ARTICLE


Journalist Naomi Klein swatted down New York Times columnist and economist Paul Krugman on twitter, when he tried to lay the... Kenneth Lipp November 9, 2016 
A polling location in Azusa, California was just attacked by an active shooter, killing one and wounding at least three others,... Nathan Wellman November 8, 2016 
A Trump supporter has been taken into custody after pulling a gun on another voter at a polling location in... Nathan Wellman November 8, 2016 
Law enforcement was called on a man in East Lansing, Michigan for singling out two women wearing hijabs and allegedly attempting... Nathan Wellman November 8, 2016 
Right-wing propagandist James O'Keefe, famous for destroying ACORN by releasing a deceptively edited video that inaccurately implied that the low-income voting rights organization was... Nathan Wellman November 8, 2016 
In the latest example of excessive policing, a single mother in Stockton, California is facing up to a year in jail... Zach Cartwright November 7, 2016 
A Saint Louis mother is outraged after a photo surfaced, showing a local police officer pose next to her dead son's... Zach Cartwright November 5, 2016 
A federal judge in battleground state North Carolina has ordered conservative state officials to restore thousands of people back onto the... Nathan Wellman November 5, 2016 
A US district judge in Ohio has officially issued a restraining order against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's campaign in an... Nathan Wellman November 4, 2016 

ARTICLE

Zach Cartwright | November 10, 2016 
According to the data, Donald Trump would have been soundly defeated by Bernie Sanders last night had the Vermont senator been the one to face him. 
When examining the 13 states Hillary Clinton lost twice — the states Trump won side-by-side with the states Bernie Sanders won during the Democratic primary — the similarities are striking. The GOP nominee likely saw this, and tweeted in May that he was relieved to not have to face Sanders in the general election: I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 4, 2016 
In five states Sanders won where exit polling data is available — Indiana, Michigan, Oklahoma, West Virginia, and Wisconsin — the demographics that helped Trump hit 270 electoral college votes were also Sen. Sanders' key demographics that helped him defeat the former Secretary of State in multiple primaries in different regions of the country. 
The numbers suggest that there may have been enough Sanders votes in those pivotal states to have swung the election in Sanders' favor if superdelegates and restrictive closed primaries weren't part of the Democratic primary process. Popular blog All That Is Interesting created an electoral map assuming that Sanders won white, rural rust belt voters in the traditionally blue states that Hillary Clinton lost on Tuesday night in a hypothetical Trump/Sanders general election matchup, giving Sanders with a 303-235 advantage . 
Determining whether or not Sanders would have won the states Clinton lost is easy when looking at exit poll data taken during the Democratic primary. Here's a state-by-state breakdown: Indiana 
Bernie Sanders beat Hillary Clinton by 5 points in Indiana's May 3 primary. Tuesday night, Trump beat Clinton in the Hoosier State by 20 points . While Indiana went to Mitt Romney in 2012, it's worth remembering that Barack Obama won the state in 2008, meaning it isn't a solidly red state. 
What contributed most to Sanders' primary win in Indiana was his dominance with white voters (57 percent support) and men (59 percent support), who collectively made up 72 percent and 42 percent of voters, respectively, according to NBC News . Sanders also excelled among poor and lower-middle class voters, winning the majority of voters who made less than $30,000 in 2015, and between $30,000 and $50,000. Sen. Sanders won the support of a whopping 72 percent of independents, 54 percent of voters who said free trade had a negative effect on jobs, and 60 percent of voters who said they were 'very worried” about the future of the U.S. economy. 
Comparatively, Donald Trump won 53 percent of white voters in the Hoosier State's Republican primary, and 59 percent of men — roughly the same percentages Sanders won for those same demographics. Trump also won 54 percent of voters who made between $30,000 and $50,000 in 2015, and 53 percent of voters who were 'very worried” about the future of the economy. Michigan 
The March 8 Michigan primary was perhaps Bernie Sanders' most important victory, as pollsters widely and wrongly predicted a considerable victory for Hillary Clinton due to her strength with black voters in cities like Detroit and Flint. Sanders' 50-48 win was largely due to his strength with rural, white voters disenfranchised by free trade deals backed by the Clintons, like NAFTA. 
Much like Indiana, Sanders prevailed with the help of 55 percent of male voters and 56 percent of white voters . 54 percent of voters who made less than $50,000 in 2015 supported Sanders, as well as 71 percent of voters identifying as independent. NAFTA hate brought Sen. Sanders over the finish line, as 56 percent of voters who said free trade was bad for job growth in Michigan picked Sanders. The Vermont senator did very well with voters who said they wanted an outsider in office, winning 84 percent of that demographic . Sanders' strength wasn't in inner cities, but in suburbs and rural areas, capturing 50 percent and 57 percent of voters, respectively. 
Donald Trump beat all four of his competitors in the Michigan primary along the same demographic lines. Trump won 53 percent of men and 38 percent of white voters ( 13 points better than his closest competitor, Ted Cruz). Among the $30,000 to $50,000 income demographic, Trump demolished Cruz by 21 points. Trump also won 45 percent of voters who said free trade took away American jobs, which was 23 points higher than Cruz. West Virginia 
Voters in West Virginia largely live in rural areas, work blue-collar jobs, and are some of the poorest in the country. It's no surprise Sanders won by 15 points in the May 10 primary, and that Trump beat Ted Cruz by 68 points. Because Democrats are well-represented in the West Virginia legislature, and because West Virginians just elected a Democrat for governor while simultaneously rejecting Hillary Clinton, it's very possible Sanders would have won the state had he been the Democratic nominee. 
As was the pattern during the Democratic primary, Sanders won with white voters and men , capturing 52 percent and 53 percent of those demographics, respectively. Sen. Sanders crushed Hillary Clinton by 32 points in the $30,000 to $50,000 income demographic, and also beat the former Secretary of State by 19 points among voters who made less than $30,000 last year. Trump obliterated the competition in those same gender, race, and income demographics. Wisconsin 
Clinton's loss to Trump in the Badger State was perhaps the most significant of the night, as Wisconsin hasn't voted for a Republican for president in more than 30 years . Wisconsin was also a state where Sanders notched a crushing victory over Clinton, winning by a 57-43 margin . 
Bernie Sanders won nearly two-thirds of male voters, and 59 percent of whites, who made up 83 percent of the electorate in the state's April 5 primary. Sen. Sanders defeated Clinton in all of the income demographics, but did particularly well among middle class voters, capturing 54 percent of the $30,000 to $50,000 demographic, along with 61 percent of the state's $50,000 to $99,000 demographic, who made up the largest percentage of primary voters. Among voters against free trade policies, Sanders won by a 60-39 margin . 
Wisconsin exit pollsters also asked voters about their opinions on foreign policy. While Trump made a reputation for himself as anti-interventionist, Sanders also appealed to Wisconsin voters opposed to foreign intervention. An astounding 74 percent of Sanders backers in the primary said the United States should take a 'less active role” in foreign policy, who collectively made up 35 percent of the electorate. 
While we can't unfortunately travel back in time and give Bernie Sanders the nomination, one thing to take away from this data is that the tide is shifting in America toward a new form of politics that eschews global capitalism and yearns for economic populism. Whoever challenges Donald Trump in 2020 should pay close attention to these numbers. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE

November 9, 2016 
Calls for unity behind a Donald Trump administration are irresponsible, dangerous, and must be rejected. 
In her concession speech this morning, Hillary Clinton told a stunned nation the following: 'Last night, I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country… I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans.” 
'We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead,” she added. 
Many of Clinton's most fervent supporters were rightly taken aback. After all, these words came from someone who only days earlier was denouncing Trump as a violent misogynist , a racist and Islamophobe, and a would-be dictator unfit to lead, too emotionally unstable to trusted with the country's nuclear codes. Liberals who had seen in Clinton a last line of defense against the aggressive right were now witnessing her rebrand him as somehow worthy of the presidency. 
That Clinton would overlook Trump's history of sexual assault may be no surprise, given her role in covering-up her own husband's behavior. That she would overlook his blatant appeals to white nationalism and Islamophobia is similarly unsurprising given her own rhetoric about Black 'superpredators” and hawkish interventionism in the Middle East. 
But still, this was a campaign consciously designed around stoking the fear that Trump was unlike any other candidate, an abnormally pernicious threat to women, people of color, and even democracy itself. The strategy failed spectacularly, and Clinton's about-face was predictable if no less spectacular. 
Meanwhile, Trump was suddenly sounding presidential, insisting in his victory speech that 'Now it's time to bind the wounds of division… to come together as one united people.” Even his exuberant supporters, who had only an hour before been chanting 'Lock her up!” must have been shocked to hear him insist that Clinton is owed 'a major debt of gratitude for her service to our country.” 
For those who have long dismissed the two-party system as a farce, this shared rhetoric by the two candidates wouldn't be surprising. In a phrase that has become the fodder for memes, superimposed over images of the smiling Clintons and Trumps or Michelle Obama hugging George W. Bush , the Italian Marxist Antonio Gramsci once argued that 'The historical unity of the ruling classes is realized in the state.” 
But despite this unity among elites, Trump has mobilized and encouraged a ferociously white supremacist movement , and this base won't go away quietly. 
When Clinton wishes him a 'successful” presidency, what does this mean? Successfully building a wall along the southern border? Successfully rolling back what little protections exist for people of color, queer and trans people, and women? No, we wish no success for Trump. 
As Keeanga-Yamahtta Taylor, author of From #BlackLivesMatter to Black Liberation , put it this morning: 'No, we don't owe this monster an open mind… Trump deserves revulsion and relentless protest. After a year of calling this man a fascist and a unique evil, they tell us to unite and give him a chance… No one is interested in unifying with this garbage; we have to confront this racism and sexism in the streets and organize like we never have before.” 
Clinton is no ally of the left: her record of support for mass incarceration, neoliberalism, and brutal wars and coups abroad makes this perfectly clear. We don't owe Trump 'an open mind and a chance to lead.” We owe him nothing but our ferocious opposition in the streets, and that starts today. 

George Ciccariello-Maher is an organizer, radical political theorist, and professor at Drexel University. Follow him on Twitter @ciccmaher . 

ARTICLE

In case you missed the news, The United States is now Trump's America. The day after the election was mostly filled... James Woods November 11, 2016 
In the wake of Trump's general election victory, Bernie Sanders criticized the Democratic party for failing to connect with working people in... Nathan Wellman November 10, 2016 
A Minnesota-based Asian American woman was put in handcuffs on Wednesday after attempting to fight off a Trump supporter who grabbed... Nathan Wellman November 10, 2016 
The next four years will be harder than ever. But the time for lamenting is over — it's time to organize... Waleed Shahid November 10, 2016 
As many surprised voters react to Donald Trump's unexpected successful election to the presidency, many are now left wondering: 'What's next?”... Nathan Wellman November 9, 2016 
Hundreds of California students from both Bishop O'Dowd High School and Berkeley High School participated in a walkout from their schools today... Nathan Wellman November 9, 2016 
Vandalism featuring a swastika with hate speech appearing to support Republican president-elect Donald Trump was discovered in Philadelphia today on the... Nathan Wellman November 9, 2016 
Journalist Naomi Klein swatted down New York Times columnist and economist Paul Krugman on twitter, when he tried to lay the... Kenneth Lipp November 9, 2016 
A polling location in Azusa, California was just attacked by an active shooter, killing one and wounding at least three others,... Nathan Wellman November 8, 2016

ARTICLE

Zach Cartwright | November 11, 2016 
The Democrats' staggeringly piss-poor performance Tuesday night resulting in Donald Trump's victory can be summed up in one word: Turnout. 
Hillary Clinton would have won had she focused her message more on appealing to white, working-class voters in rust belt states like Iowa, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. As this New York Times map of the 2012 election shows, President Obama won all of those states in 2012. Obama also won roughly 2.6 million more votes than Hillary Clinton won in 2016. Donald Trump's narrow margin of victory in the Electoral College was only possible by winning all of the aforementioned rust belt states . 
There was hardly any enthusiasm behind Hillary Clinton when examining exit poll results. In an analysis of Reuters/Ipsos exit polling, Times writer Sarah Jaffe found several revealing trends showing why Clinton was a poor choice for the Democrats in terms of motivating voters to get to the polls and cast their ballots for their party's nominee: 
75 percent of respondents agreed 'America needs a strong leader to take the country back from the rich and powerful.” Only slightly fewer agreed that 'the American economy is rigged to advantage the rich and powerful,” and — perhaps the kicker — 68 percent believed that 'traditional parties and politicians don't care about people like me.” 
The numbers bear out that argument — Clinton's turnout was lower than Obama's turnout in both 2008 and 2012, even though she still won the popular vote this year. No matter how you slice it, Clinton wasn't enough of a draw to make the difference, particularly in key states like Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin — states Obama won in 2012. As the Washington Post reported, three traditionally blue states Trump won in 2016 that Obama won in 2012 — Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin — Clinton got between 5 and 15 percent fewer votes than Obama. 
The Democratic primaries were a harbinger of things to come in a general election matchup featuring Clinton and Trump. As US Uncut reported in March, Hillary Clinton's victories in the March 1 Super Tuesday primaries all depended on voter turnout numbers lower than 2008 figures — the last time there was a contested Democratic primary. In all seven states Clinton won that day, each state had turnout anywhere between 4 percent and 50 percent lower than in 2008 . 
The data makes the argument all by itself. No amount of scapegoating heaped on Jill Stein supporters can explain Hillary Clinton losing traditional Democratic strongholds that Obama won not only once, but twice . In Detroit, Michigan, for example, Hillary Clinton got roughly 120,000 fewer votes than President Obama in 2012. Those votes made the difference in securing Trump's victory, as Clinton lost Michigan by roughly half that number. 
Former Pennsylvania governor Ed Rendell — one of the most senior officials within the Democratic Party apparatus — argued in a radio interview that even though Hillary Clinton was beloved by Democratic Party leadership, Bernie Sanders would have likely prevailed among the white, working-class rust belt constituency specifically due to his anti-establishment message. 
'It would be interesting to think of how Bernie Sanders would've done. Bernie Sanders would've lost a few Republicans who voted for Hillary because of some of his economic views but he would've fought Donald pretty hard for those disaffected, angry, and frustrated workers,” Rendell said on 1210 WPHT in Philadelphia. 
Had the Democratic Party nominated a candidate more attuned to the mood of voters in one of the most anti-establishment elections in generations, turnout could have been much higher, and America would have averted Trump's victory. 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE

Tom Cahill | November 11, 2016 
A brilliant guide showing bystanders what to do when seeing Islamophobia in public is spreading on social media. 
The guide instructs friendly bystanders to do four things in succession: Converse with the victim while ignoring the attacker, focus on a random subject of conversation that doesn't involve anything the attacker is talking about, maintain eye contact with the victim while refusing to engage with the attacker, and continue friendly conversation until the attacker leaves, while offering to escort the victim to a safe space. 
The illustrated guide, made by artist Maeril , is a 4-step guide that simultaneously shows how a bystander can make an Islamophobic attacker irrelevant while at the same time providing the victim with a safe space. Maeril, who lives in France, originally designed it for bystanders wanting to make Muslim citizens feel welcome after the terror attacks in Paris and Nice, said on her Tumblr that the guide can actually be used to help those being targeted by various forms of hatred and racism. Maeril asked those planning on following the guide to make sure to do two things: 
1) Do not, in any way, interact with the attacker. You must absolutely ignore them and focus entirely on the person being attacked! 
2) Please make sure to always respect the wishes of the person you're helping: whether they want you to leave quickly afterwards, or not! If you're in a hurry escort them to a place where someone else can take over — call one of their friends, or one of yours, of if they want to, the police. It all depends on how they feel! 
In an interview with BuzzFeed News, Maeril said the guide is based on a psychological technique called 'Non-complementary behavior,” in which a person adopts the polar opposite behavior of someone else. In this instance, non-complementary behavior means acting in a warm and friendly way toward someone who is experiencing hostile behavior from someone else. 
This guide will likely become essential over the next four years as hate crimes are already being reported across the country in the wake of Donald Trump's election to the presidency. Follow Maeril on Tumblr here . 

Tom Cahill is a writer for US Uncut based in the Pacific Northwest. He specializes in coverage of political, economic, and environmental news. You can contact him via email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE

Tom Cahill | November 17, 2016 
In a stunning move, President Obama has announced he won't allow any oil and gas leases on land deemed sacred by the Blackfeet Tribe. 
After the announcement, Devon Energy, which was hoping to drill on 130,000 acres in Montana — some of which housed Glacier National Park and Blackfeet land — will have all of its oil and gas leases cancelled on the disputed land. The Bureau of Land Management had previously granted 15 leases to Devon Energy in the northwestern part of the Big Sky State. 
'We are proud to have worked alongside the Blackfeet Nation, U.S. Forest Service and Devon Energy to achieve this important milestone, rolling back decades-old leases and reinforcing the importance of developing resources in the right ways and the right places,” said Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell in a public statement . 
National Parks Conservation Association official Michael Jamison told the Washington Post that the cancellation of the leases is an important milestone for the preservation of various protected species like wolf, bear, and elk. 
'There aren't many places like this left in the lower 48,” Jamison said. 
The move is particularly significant in the context of the ongoing protests at the construction site of the Dakota Access Pipeline, where hundreds of indigenous tribes have gathered with the Standing Rock Sioux to prevent the pipeline from being built. Protesters say the pipeline, which would run underneath the Missouri River, would endanger a crucial drinking water supply for millions of people in several states. 
For its part, Devon will receive a little over $200,000 for the cancellation of the leases, which were issued in the 1980s with no drilling occurring since the leases were granted. 

Tom Cahill is a writer for US Uncut based in the Pacific Northwest. He specializes in coverage of political, economic, and environmental news. You can contact him via email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE

Nathan Wellman | November 17, 2016 
The felony charges facing some of the Dakota Access Pipeline protesters who were arrested during last October's raid have been dismissed by a local judge. 
The protesters – who prefer to be referred to as water protectors – clashed with police in riot gear who were under orders to clear them out of the way for the controversial pipeline. The water protectors refused, saying they owned the land according to the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851 , which gave control of the land to various Native American tribes. (The treaty was quickly broken after its ratification, mostly by the U.S. government, but also by a few rogue tribe members.) 
The confrontation lasted for hours, with police deploying ear-damaging sound cannons against protesters, as well as pepper spray and rubber bullets. Protesters set a few contained fires and a few of them threw objects at police. 
After the confrontation, 147 people were arrested, with 139 of them being charged with a felony count of conspiracy to endanger by fire or explosion and two misdemeanor counts. 
For the felony charge, prosecutors claimed that some form of informal agreement was made by the accused to set fires throughout the day, putting local state officials and the natural surroundings at risk. South Central District Judge Cynthia Feland noted that the affidavit against the protesters did not name who planned this crime, nor how and when the crime was committed, or even when this agreement was made. 'As far as the court can tell from the facts alleged in the affidavit, these fires were set sporadically, at different locations, by different individuals, seemingly at random,” Feland said. 'The state has not alleged facts sufficient to show an explicit or implicit agreement between the 139 defendants to commit the offense charged.” While the felony charge was thrown out, protesters continue to be charged with misdemeanor counts of engaging in a riot and maintaining a public nuisance. While the ruling is a victory for the Dakota water protecters, Feland did make a point to note that 'the court recognizes the extreme stress under which law enforcement officers and the prosecutors bringing these charges have been operating. This order should not be considered a criticism of their efforts or a suggestion the arrest in this matter was not appropriate.” 
Nathan Wellman is a Los Angeles-based journalist, author, and playwright. Follow him on Twitter: @LightningWOW Filed under 

ARTICLE

November 22, 2016 
Indigenous water protectors at the Dakota Access Pipeline construction site just got assistance from military veterans. 
Between December 4 and December 7, veterans of various branches of the United States armed forces have scheduled a 'deployment” to show solidarity and lend support to the Standing Rock Sioux in North Dakota. The event, called ' Veterans Stand for Standing Rock ,” already has 108 confirmed RSVPs on Facebook, and features several high-profile progressive activists who have served in the military, including U.S. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (D-Hawaii) and Baltimore police officer-turned police brutality whistleblower Michael A. Wood, Jr . 
'Bring Body armor, gas masks, earplugs AND shooting mufflers (we may be facing a sound cannon) but no drugs, alcohol or weapons,” the event page, organized by Wes Clark Jr., states. 
The Facebook event is already being used to organize logistics for the veterans to come to Standing Rock, complete with rideshare registration and financial assistance for veterans scattered around the country who want to support the protest. 
'My husband is a veteran Army Combat Medic,” wrote Morgan McClure on the event page. 'He has been talking about doing this for so long.” 
Clark has also launched a GoFundMe page for the deployment, which he says will be used to provide material and logistical support to all the veterans wanting to join the Standing Rock protest from around the country. As of this writing, approximately $30,000 has been raised toward the $100,000 goal in just 10 days. 
'Everyday becomes more evident that the defenders of America must stand with the Water Protectors,” Clark wrote on the GoFundMe page. 'Let's stop this savage injustice being committed right here at home. If not us, who? If not now, when?” 
Clark cited the need for veterans to support the indigenous protesters at the pipeline construction site due to the excessive and heavy-handed militarized police response to the protests. 
Here are some of what the protesters at Standing Rock have faced: Mace, sound cannons. sniper guns pointed at unarmed civilians, journalists being shot with rubber bullets, journalists being arrested for covering the protests, attack dogs unleashed on groups including children, elder Natives getting tased and violently arrest[ sic ], protesters marked with numbers and kept in dog kennels after arrest… 
The Dakota Access Pipeline, which would transport roughly half a million barrels of crude oil daily underneath the Missouri River, has had construction held up for months as protests continue to grow. Indigenous communities gathering at the construction site say the pipeline has the potential to permanently poison water supplies for millions of people who depend on the Missouri River for drinking, bathing, and farming. Part of the Dakota Access Pipeline construction route have been held up by the Obama administration, though that order has been ignored by pipeline builders. 
'Most civilians who've never served in a uniform are gutless worms who've never been in a fight in their life,” Clark told Task & Purpose . 'So if we don't stop it, who will?” 

Zach Cartwright is an activist and author from Richmond, Virginia. He enjoys writing about politics, government, and the media. Send him an email at [email protected] 

ARTICLE


Former Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein has launched a fundraising page 'to demand recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania– three... Nathan Wellman November 23, 2016 
The rainbow colored Equality House, a gay rights resource center located across the road from hate group Westboro Baptist Church, has never... Nathan Wellman November 23, 2016 
A Philadelphia man was hospitalized this morning after a piece of mail exploded in his face, and authorities are not ruling... Nathan Wellman November 23, 2016 
Late senator Joseph McCarthy would be proud about a new list being circulated identifying professors espousing 'anti-American' values. The website ProfessorWatchlist.org seeks... Zach Cartwright November 22, 2016 
Dennis Scranton, a 92-year-old WWII veteran, is being permitted to cast one of Donald Trump's three electoral college votes in Montana... Nathan Wellman November 22, 2016 
Columbia University just announced its plan to become a sanctuary for undocumented students under a Trump presidency. 'The presidential election has... Nathan Wellman November 21, 2016 
A restaurant in Washington DC has apologized to its customers after unwittingly hosting a Nazi-celebrating alt-right gathering last weekend, turning the... Nathan Wellman November 21, 2016 
A few days after declining to increase water delivery to Flint, Michigan, Republican Governor Rick Snyder's attorneys and state educational officials... Nathan Wellman November 21, 2016 
Greenpeace just released a press release revealing that DNB – the largest bank in Norway – just sold all of its... Nathan Wellman November 18, 2016 

