ARTICLE

Millions of Lives Endangered by 55,000 Gallon Pipeline Spill report this ad 
A pipeline owned by the same company behind the Dakota Access Pipeline has endangered the lives of six million people by leaking 55,000 gallons of gasoline into a major river in Pennsylvania. report this ad 

After heavy rainfall, the pipeline, owned by Sunoco Logistics, burst on Thursday, October 20th. The spill leaked 55,000 gallons of gas into Wallis Run, a tributary of the Loyalsock Creek that drains into the Susquehanna River. Once the leak was detected, the pipeline was shut down but as stormy weather continued, the actual break in the pipeline remained unidentified for almost a week. After the spill, Pennsylvania water authorities warned customers to refrain from using water from the river. More than half of Lancaster City's water comes from this river. Although officials are now declaring the water safe to drink, residents affected by the leak are wary. 

Previously, the Susquehanna was declared the third most endangered river in the U.S. by the NGO American Rivers. The river has come under threat because of development of the natural gas industry, particularly fracking. Fracking has endangered many U.S. rivers because of the 'Cheney's loophole' which exempts natural gas companies from the vast majority of U.S. environmental regulations. American Rivers believes that fracking poses one of the greatest dangers to U.S. rivers and could have a detrimental effect on our country's clean drinking water. report this ad 

Though the spill has been blamed on recent floods, many are bringing into question Sunoco's extensive history of poor pipeline management. Pipelines managed by Sunoco Logistics spill far more frequently than others, with more than 200 recorded leaks since 2010. In 2008, an improperly installed valve 'blew out' a pipeline in Murrysville, Pennsylvania. The Department of Environmental Protection stated that the area affected by the spill may never completely recover. 

Sunoco is also a subsidary of Energy Transfer Partners Limited. This is the company that owns the controversial Dakota Access pipeline . This access pipeline has become a major protest site due to the controversial placement of the pipeline right by the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe's water supply and sacred sites. 

While Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are major advocated for fracking and pipeline construction, the public is standing up to this construction because of the major environmental and social damage it could have. 

This recent spill is just another example of the many things that can go wrong when pipelines are built so close to water supplies and communities. 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She graduated The Evergreen State College with an undergraduate degree focusing on Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram.
ARTICLE

As violence against protestors at the construction site of the North Dakota Access Pipeline escalates, social media outlets like Facebook show millions what is actually going on. 

Arrests at the recently erected frontline camp in the path of the Dakota Access Pipeline have begun and they are anything but non-violent. Police and military have moved in on Indigenous water protectors and their allies. 

Law enforcement seem to have been interfering with cell signal, making it difficult for protestors to keep Facebook and other social media outlets updated on what is happening. Yet the social media users who were able to post videos and livefeeds have been able to spread awareness about the ongoing fight against the build of the Dakota Pipeline, a pipeline that could endanger the clean drinking water supply for the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe. 

According to eyewitnesses, buses filled with law enforcement have been traveling toward the frontline. The indigenous water protectors and their allies are prepared to stand their ground even though crackdowns by law enforcement are getting more and more violent while the protesters have continued to use nonviolent tactics in their civil disobedience. 

The Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners warned that demonstrators occupying land in the pipeline's path must leave or face prosecution. This new frontline camp sits slightly north of the main protest camp on federal land near Cannon Ball. 

Amidst potential arrests, violence, and legal charges, members of tribes from across the United States are standing with Standing Rock, ready to give their lives to the cause. While the protest is a fight to save tribal lands and fresh drinking water, it is also a fight to preserve indigenous rights, wants, and needs. 

Meanwhile, Morton County sheriff's office has been leading police response to the demonstration and it has also been conducting mass arrests like the one that just took place over the weekend. The sherif department announced that the use of dogs by private security guards against protesters last month may have been illegal. 

The scare tactics used by law enforcement to get protesters out of the pipeline's way are not working the way police forces had envisioned. Although protesters have been violently hurt by police use of force and violence, they are prepared. 

Tribal leaders, led by Standing Rock Sioux tribe Chairman Dave Archambault II called on the Department of Justice to look into the use of an unnecessary amount of force by state and local law enforcement. He believes that the state has militarized the reservation. 

With the rising amount of support through social media platforms, word about what is going on in North Dakota is beginning to get out to the public. Yet, with cellular service blacked out in the area, supporters are having trouble sharing what is going on. Violence against protesters was recorded on live-streams that were shared by thousands of people, highlighting what law enforcement is doing to protesters. Photos show bloody activists bit by dogs, shot with rubber bullets, and more. There have been canon attacks by police and military tanks have been brought out to disperse road blocks. 

Although mainstream media is choosing to black out what is happening, social media is telling a story of people coming together to fight for water, land, and indigenous rights. What is happening at Standing Rock is history in the making. 

 
ARTICLE

North Dakota has become the first state to legalize law enforcement use of armed drones. 

In late summer of 2015, a law was passed that allowed weapons such as tear gas, rubber bullets, beanbags, pepper spray, and Tasers to be used by police drones. The original bill aimed to ensure that no weapons at all were allowed on law enforcement drones. Sponsor of the original bill, Republican Rep. Rick Becker claimed he is not happy with how the law turned out. 

The intent of the bill was to require police to obtain search warrants using drones to look for evidence. The bill also prohibited weapons aboard drones. In order to get the bill passed and require search warrants, Becker compromised on the weapons issue. 

While some believe this to be a victory for pro-privacy advocates, many view it as a worrisome defeat for those concerned about the militarization of police in America. 

Becker claimed that he aims to change the law when the House returns in session in two years. 

Although the weapons that are allowed for use by drones are considered less than lethal, they can still be deadly. According to The Guardian , at least 67 people were killed by tasers alone in 2015 and 2016 alone. The use of any weapon, lethal or not, can cause great extensive injuries and death. Rubber bullets, beanbags, and tear gas canisters are known to cause horrible injuries and are often times used on non-violent civilians and protestors. 

While most people are unaware that this bill passed, it could endanger the lives of thousands of protestors and water protectors protesting the North Dakota Access Pipeline. 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She graduated The Evergreen State College with an undergraduate degree focusing on Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram.
ARTICLE

Law enforcement in North Dakota is running out of money protecting the Dakota Access oil pipeline. 

A legislative committee will be reviewing an emergency request to borrow more money from the Bank of North Dakota to cover the cost of law enforcement's involvement in the Dakota Access pipeline protests. 

The department has used an increasing amount of money since the Emergency Management Assistance Compact, which was supposed to be saved for natural disasters, but is now used to protect the pipeline that is planned to go through 1851 treaty land. 

To fight for companies behind the DAPL, officers from at least 6 states have been deployed. North Dakota is responsible for reimbursing out-of-state police agencies for costs that have to do with wages, overtime, officer benefits, meals while on duty, a per diem while off duty, lodging and mileage for the communities that sent vehicles. 

Governor Jack Dalrymple will vote on Tuesday, November 8th on whether to borrow $4 million from the state-owned bank. 

The panel has already borrowed and spent $6 million from the bank in September. 

North Dakota officials have also requested federal officials to reimburse the state for the additional law enforcement costs. 

All of this money going towards the police brings a lot into question. How much taxpayer money will be used to protect the investment of a company over investments on human health? How much money is given to law enforcement, military, and corporations in order to silence the people fighting for justice? 

 
ARTICLE

by Augustina Ursino 
Matthew Gage Downing-Powers passed away on October 9, 2013. He was 5 ½ months old and died less than 2 days after receiving 8 vaccines. After Matthew's lifeless body was taken to the hospital, his parents were kept from seeing him, to say their good-byes. A month and a half later, he was returned cremated. Then Matthew's parents were denied a copy of his autopsy report. 
Matthew's mother, Crystal Downing-Powers, found a vaccine injury attorney to help her file a vaccine injury claim. This vaccine injury attorney was handling this case for six months and then one day, he sent Crystal a letter in the mail saying he didn't have enough evidence regarding the death of Matthew, so he was dropping them. That was it. There was no further correspondence from him. 
With no progression on their case, Matthew's parents were further shattered. They were unsure of what to do next, because the deadline to file a vaccine injury claim is two years after a parent loses their baby to vaccines. This left them with barely any time to find another vaccine injury attorney to help them. 
Crystal was distraught and in tears, feeling more helpless than ever at this point. The VacTruth team immediately helped her find another vaccine injury attorney. It is very difficult for any vaccine injury attorney to win a vaccine injury case, involving a child who died after being vaccinated. Nearly seventy percent of vaccine injury claims get denied. It takes a lot of time to fight these cases and some attorneys just aren't willing to put in the time or effort. Others just don't have the experience. 
Thankfully, this new attorney has been fully supportive and understanding of the situation and is willing to fight for Matthew's family. Crystal was thankful that her new attorney filed their claim in September 2015, less than one month before the deadline. He also submitted a request to receive Matthew's autopsy report, being denied to his parents. Weeks continued to pass after the request was put in. 
In January 2016, Matthew's autopsy report was finally provided in full to the lawyer, detailing the vaccines Matthew received prior to his death, the time he was vaccinated and the time he passed away. 
Matthew's death was ruled UNDETERMINED. 
Crystal was thankful the autopsy report was finally available but had no words to describe the pain this has caused them and the frustration of having to wait more than two years and three months to get a copy of their son's autopsy report. 
When her lawyer viewed the report, he mentioned of the many autopsy reports he has reviewed, viewing Matthew's was one of the most difficult to look at. Even he felt it would be too much for Crystal to look at, or for anyone to look at. The images of her son in that report remain unseen by Crystal to this day. 
After losing her son, Crystal wants us to know she is optimistic they will win their case. Once they do win, she wants to go as far as she can go, to open people's eyes! She has seen 13 babies die in the past year from vaccines, even though the vaccines are denied as the cause of death, parents know the truth. This breaks her heart to see this and makes her relive the worst nightmare in her own life. 
Crystal wants people to know that these innocent children dying from vaccines needs to stop and if she has to be that person to stop this, then she will be. 
Crystal has since given birth to their rainbow baby Wyatt. This term represents a baby born after a baby lost. Wyatt is an extremely healthy child. She has witnessed first-hand, like many parents before her, how he is the healthiest child of hers, because he is unvaccinated. 
Crystal reminds us that none of their children will ever receive any further vaccines and she has filed vaccine exemptions for them in California. She is also disgusted that SB277 passed, after what happened to her son. It became clearer to her that these politicians don't care about people's health, because when the vaccines harm, the injured get ignored. 
Matthew's parents always feel a part of them missing. Their precious gift of life is dead now because of poisonous injections that didn't protect him from any disease. 
We are outraged at what is happening to families and at those who are in a position to do something, to change things, but continue to do nothing to help the vaccine-injured community and to prevent these tragedies from continuing. 
We are incredibly sorry for Matthew's loss. His parents live each day with so much pain, knowing the vaccines took the life of their fourth son. Matthew's brothers suffer each day too, they miss their brother tremendously. 
Matthew would be turning 3 years old today. 
We hope you never forget him and what his short life has taught us. 
Original Publication: February 26, 2015 
Parents in California are distraught after losing their infant son after being vaccinated. He died in his sleep and was taken to the hospital already deceased. Hospital staff ruled his death as sudden infant death syndrome. The couple was told an autopsy was required to be performed on their son. 
After returning home, waiting to get an update, they never received one. Numerous phone calls were made to get answers. Weeks went by. Finally, they received verbal confirmation and told their son was best not to be seen prior to being cremated, because of the condition he was in. Once cremated, they could pick up the remains of their child from the crematory. They were not given the chance to say their goodbyes. 
More than one year and four months have passed and the family has yet to receive his autopsy report. It turns out their son was given a vaccine not approved for his age and an extra dose of the hepatitis B vaccine that he shouldn't have received until later on. 
This harrowing story is a reminder that vaccines can be lethal. Parents shall maintain the rights to choose what medical interventions they feel are safe for their child. After all, they are the ones who have to live with the consequences. 
Crystal Downing shares with us what happened to her son Matthew, in hopes to remind parents to research vaccines before offering their child to be injected with whatever the doctor says. 
One Less Baby Boy 
'Our sweet little fussy bear Matthew Gage Downing-Powers was born healthy on April 26, 2013. In the hospital, he was given the Hepatitis B vaccine after birth. That's what they do here in the United States and what the CDC recommends newborns receive, following the current schedule. His reactions to the shot were deemed normal and I have older children that have been fully vaccinated, so I was aware of what to expect. 
I took Matthew in for his 2 month well baby checkup on July 2, 2013. During this appointment, he was given 8 vaccines for DTaP (3 in 1), Polio, Hib, Hep B, Pneumococcal PCV and the oral Rotavirus vaccine. Then I was late getting him to his 4 month checkup. I brought him as soon as I was able. 
On Monday October 7, 2013, when Matthew was 5 ½ month's old, I brought him in for his 4 month delayed visit. The doctor said they could get him caught up on his shots. I thought ok, you can do that. Matthew received 8 vaccines, DTaP, Polio, Hib, Pneumococcal, Hep B and Hep A. These would be the last vaccines he would ever receive. 
After the shots, he didn't have a fever or a low grade one. We didn't give him Tylenol. He was just grumpy and crying some. We checked him every hour. His temperature stayed normal but he wasn't his happy go lucky self. All my kids got grumpy after their shots. 
I didn't call the doctor on Tuesday. I knew these were typical behaviors after the kids received the vaccines. He is my 4th son. We had our other 3 vaccinated and knew what to expect. 
I thought I would give it another day to see if he was still grumpy but we didn't get to the next day. Matthew was gone by then. He was found lifeless. He went to bed that Tuesday night and my husband found him Wednesday morning. 
My husband Zack and I both performed CPR on our son and so did my dad and step mom. He had some light pinkish-brown tinged mucous coming from his nose and mouth. I wasn't willing to believe he was gone. None of us were willing to give up on him. 
My husband called 911 but they were taking so long. I ran my baby to the hospital that was 2 blocks away. I took him to Needles hospital which is called Colorado River Medical Center in Needles, CA. The hospital also did CPR on him and said he died of SIDS, soon after I brought him in. He had been gone for hours they said. They told me he passed sometime between 11 PM (after he was put to bed) and 7 AM Wednesday morning (shortly before he was found). 
My life has been full of heartache since we lost our baby. That was the worst day of my life, seeing my son that way but still believing he would come back to me. 
Hospital staff said I would be under investigation and it was California law when a baby passes, to undergo an autopsy. From the hospital in Needles, Matthew was transferred from that hospital to the coroner's office, in San Bernardino, CA. We had chosen to have Matthew cremated at a funeral home in San Bernardino. 
After leaving Matthew at the hospital, we were told to go home and wait for an update when the autopsy would be done. We planned to see him at the funeral home we picked out, after deciding we would have him cremated. I was told I'd be informed when the autopsy was to be done and when it would be completed and that I could view him before being cremated. 
I didn't write down the names of the staff members I left my son with. I didn't think of that when it happened. But I should have. No one called me to inform me what was going on. I called numerous times and kept getting the runaround. Absolutely no one would give me answers. 
Weeks went by before I received a call back. By this time, I was informed Matthew was not in a condition I'd want to remember him in. I felt helpless and convinced I should sign a paper letting them cremate him. Prior to this, the funeral home confirmed the remains were Matthew's. They asked me what urn I would like and then confirmed it was him. I also sent a picture of him, to make sure. 
Matthew didn't get brought back to our home in Needles, California until November 20, 2013. A month and a half after he passed away. 
I don't think they cremated him before telling me but part of me feels they did, to cover up his death. I will never know but my instincts tell me something was being hidden. I think the funeral home did a nice job, they were very patient with me, they understood why I kept calling them so many times, to see if somebody there could tell me what happened to my son's body. 
I didn't know where my sons body was. I didn't know what was going on at the coroner's office. I was never notified whatsoever and to be honest, I was really flipping out. I wanted to know what was going on with my baby and what answers did they have for me so far. 
The coroner was informed of the vaccines Matthew had just received. I had even asked the coroner if it was possible the vaccines killed my son. The coroner straight lied to my face, or more, over the phone, saying that no, it was not the vaccinations that killed him. 
There was only one time they contacted me and that was over how many people had done CPR on him. And that was the last time I heard from them. 
I did contact him after we had received his death certificate saying pending investigation still and I asked if they had finished with his autopsy report. They told me no. I called once more and they told me that they couldn't give me anymore information and that I would have to call the coroner's office here in Needles, California. I have done that and still no answer, no nothing. 
The coroner said it wasn't my fault and sometimes this just happens. I couldn't believe what I was just told. 
It took me a long time to speak up and share my story because of this pain. I decided to come forward because I don't want Matthew to die in vain because of vaccine manufacturers not doing a better job making safer vaccines, before pushing them onto unsuspecting parents and their innocent babies they view as profitable beings. 
Why are infants getting so many at one time? Has it been proven it's safe to give these kids all the vaccines they are shooting them up with during these well baby checkups? From what I've learned since all of this, the answer is no. 
Later, I learned two of the vaccines given at his last appointment, should not have been given to him. Babies are not supposed to be given the Hepatitis A vaccine until at least 1 year of age and this was given to Matthew at 5 1/2 months old. 
I also learned he was given the third dose of Hepatitis B too soon. Matthew wasn't supposed to get that until his next visit during the 6 month checkup which would've also been delayed to space out the shots, because we were late getting him the 4 month vaccines. 
I think it was right after the funeral I learned that they had given him the Hep A vaccine too soon. When I had learned this, it killed me. I started blaming my self and still do because I never took the time to know what vaccines were supposed be given to a child, at what month, how many doses, etc. 
I felt because I didn't do the research until after Matthew died, I was foolish and this was somehow my fault. I felt in some way this was my fault because I was late on his vaccinations. My thoughts were if I would've followed the CDC's schedule and not been late to that 4 month check up, he probably would not have gotten the wrong vaccines. Now he's gone. 
I do understand he could've been taken sooner even if the correct vaccines were given on the schedule. It's just something I live with. 
It's been over a year and four months since Matthew passed on October 9, 2013 and I still haven't gotten the autopsy report that I told them I wanted a copy of. I keep getting the run around! 
I went to the doctor's office recently and found out the nurse that injected Matthew is no longer working there. I was told she got fired because she didn't know what she was doing when giving vaccines. 
I said to the office if it turns out his death was because of her ignorance, I will be going after them all. My son shouldn't have died because you guys were too lazy to train her to give vaccines properly. They didn't even apologize to me. I'm just beyond angry at this point. I can't wait to get my answers. 
They said my baby is the only one who had passed away since she started working, until the end of her working. Who knows if that is true? There could've been more lives taken and they wouldn't admit it. 
I want to tell other parents, they say vaccinations are safe, but in reality, they aren't. 
Ask questions and know which vaccines they plan to give to your baby. Know the risks associated with all of the vaccines they plan to give during the checkup. And remember, it's your choice. It's your child. And whatever you do, don't let them mix the vaccines into one needle or give them so many at once because if you don't think this won't harm your child, then look at the child I lost. It is possible. 
Matthew was given DTaP, IPV, Hib, PCV, Hep B and Hep A in 3 shots, one in his right arm and two in his left leg. 
Now I'm pregnant with my 5th child. I have to stay strong. I have too. I have to remain less stressed for my family and during my pregnancy. I have 3 boys, a hubby and soon my rainbow baby, all counting on me, to hold this family together. 
In all honesty though, sometimes I feel so overwhelmed because I miss Matthew so much and people are so unaware how often vaccines take the lives of infants. I'm beyond angry that this has happened to my baby. And scared it can happen again with the kids I do have. And that I'll be forced to vaccinate this unborn baby. 
A bill was currently put forth by our California state politicians to take away my right to exempt my children from further vaccines due to personal beliefs. If this passes, this would take my parental right away, to choose vaccinating my children in the future. What they should do is create a new exemption for parents to file that took one for the team! We should be able to opt out for that reason alone. 
Was it not enough Matthew was taken? He should be honored by these people but instead, they deny his existence by pushing bills that slap parents in the face that have lost their child to vaccines or to those parents with vaccine injured children. Maybe if they would make safer vaccines, more would want to get them. 
My son was injected with 8 vaccines, if you don't know what is in them, learn! When I did, I was shocked and mad at myself for not questioning this before. Matthew is the reason I opened my eyes, to see what vaccines can really do to a baby, let alone anyone. I'm not the only one who believes vaccines are not what they claim they are. I really hope this opens parent's eyes who do vaccinate their children. 
My older son is having a hard time, my second son said he is afraid of the shots now and my third son is 3 years old, he just knows his baby brother is gone. As for my hubby, he keeps it in, so it's kind of hard to know what he is feeling. 
To this day, I still haven't received his autopsy report. They keep giving me the run around. So the investigation is still pending. I have filed a report with the Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System (VAERS). I've learned they sometimes don't follow up with parents, which prevents them from reporting a reaction. Until I receive an autopsy report, it makes it difficult to file a claim with the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (NVICP). I feel they are stalling us because the time frame to file when you lose a child to vaccines is 2 years, it's going on a 1 ½ years for us. We won't give up. My son should still be here. 
His shot records don't lie! They shouldn't cover up these reactions to vaccines these kids suffer from. They should not stifle parents from pursuing the already time consuming and deterring recourse they've set up, talking about the vaccine injury compensation program. 
Since I looked into this more, I've learned how common it is for babies to die right after getting vaccinated. I just want it to be known that this can happen and I hope mothers ask questions first, before handing their child over to get shot up. How many of us moms helped hold our own child down, to keep them restrained while being vaccinated, knowing we helped them hurt our own? 
Matthew's death was a high price to pay in the name of preventing any of these diseases my kid would've been fine dealing with. 
I didn't believe a few people who told me this can happen, but it did. And now I have to live with that for the rest of my life, knowing I should have asked questions and researched first, before blindly agreeing to them injecting or giving him anything. I didn't research. I didn't question what vaccines were given to all of my children. I had no reason to distrust doctors, until now. Since this happened to Matthew, my eyes are wide open now. Now I'm not afraid to question everything that is done to my children. 
It's a parent's decision to make, to vaccinate their child or not. Parents need to research both sides, for and against. Then make their decision on the matter. My dad told me I didn't get sick till after I started school and had to have those required vaccines. After that, my dad never vaccinated me again. My dad said it a few times before all of this happened, but I didn't pay attention. I wish I had listened to him. 
I just let the doctors and nurses do what they said was needed. No questions asked. I thought they would tell me if there were severe risks involved. Nobody told me anything like that. I trusted them with my child's life and would've liked to have known that death from vaccination is an associated risk. Why didn't the doctors or nurse tell me this? I really wished I researched and asked questions instead of just trusting the system and doctors. And now because I didn't, my child is gone. 
There are a lot more parents out there like me. Some don't come forward due to fact they are afraid of what people would say. Sometimes people can be really cruel and not understand what parents like me go through. 
I just want his story to be told. My hubby and I say thank you to everyone lending their support. We are so blessed to have the short time we had with our little fussy bear. I hope sharing this will help mothers know it can happen. 
I want it well known I'm not telling parents not to vaccinate their child. I'm simply saying to research before you vaccinate. Learn if you choose to vaccinate, then that is your choice, not someone else's to make because you will be stuck with the consequences. 
Don't disrespect parents like me, who have lost their child to vaccines. And don't disrespect parents of living vaccine injured children. Our rights to choose these medical interventions need to be preserved. It is beyond disturbing that bought politicians think they can choose what gets injected into our children. They don't care about your child's health. Clearly many are dying and getting injured from these vaccines and they turn a blind eye. That should tell you something. 
I miss my baby so much. A huge part of me was taken when he was. I cannot let this happen again. I cannot put my other children at risk of being vaccine injured any longer. 
Matthew took one for the team and his life didn't matter to those wanting to strip my rights to opt out of further vaccinating. Why does he not matter? Why do mild cases involving the measles get reported all over the news, but not babies dying after getting the MMR shot or other vaccinations? Why don't the vaccine injured children matter? 
We miss and love you so much Matthew. You are always thought of every day. You are always in my heart and I will never stop loving you. 
Love Your Momma,
ARTICLE

by David Gutierrez 
The financial outlook for Whole Foods Market continues to look grim, as consumers seeking natural and organic products continue to take their business elsewhere. 
As far back as 2014, then-CEO John Mackey admitted that the company was hurting due to an explosion in the number of stores selling organic groceries. 
'The growing demand for fresh, healthy foods , the offering of natural and organic products is expanding everywhere [in] new stores, existing stores and online,' Mackey said. 
The company has also been hit by several recent scandals, including allegations of price-gouging, and more recently, of colluding with Monsanto to ensure the passage of a bill that bans the labeling of foods made with genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ). Company profits tanking 
Whole Foods was in a vulnerable financial position even before the recent scandals erupted. Organic and natural food sales have exploded in the United States in the past decade, largely due to the entry of new players into the organic grocery market. This broke what had been an all but de facto monopoly for Whole Foods. 
Organic food sales were $11 billion in 2004. By 2014, they had more than tripled. The combined organic and 'natural' foods market had grown to $48 billion by 2012 – from just $6 billion in 1998. 
A watershed moment for organic foods availability – and perhaps the beginning of the end for Whole Foods – came when Walmart entered the market in 2014, introducing a store-brand organics line priced 25 percent lower than its other organic products. 
Then, last year, New York regulators accused Whole Foods of price gouging and cheating customers with false weights and measures. The company settled the charges, but the scandal only increased its image as an overpriced store that eats up your 'Whole Paycheck.' 
The company's same-store sales have fallen every quarter for the past year, with another 2.1 percent drop expected for this quarter. Overall company earnings are predicted to fall both this year and next year. And the company's stock has tanked, falling in 2014 and 2015 to a current level of 50 percent below the 2013 high. This year, the stock has fallen more than 10 percent more. 
These factors left the company in a vulnerable position when food prices as a whole fell, causing an across-the-board drop in profits for all grocery stores. Are consumers rejecting 'organic traitors?' 
A factor overlooked by many financial analysts, but potentially significant for the Whole Foods customer base, is the company's collusion in the recent passage of the Denying Americans the Right to Know (DARK) Act 2.0. Posing as a GMO labeling bill, the DARK Act 2.0 actually banned all GMO labeling initiatives passed by state or local governments. Within two years, the government is now supposed to roll out a completely voluntary labeling initiative that requires consumers to call a 1-800 number or use a smartphone to scan a QR code for GMO ingredient information. 
To top it off, the bill defines 'GMO' so narrowly, that 95 percent of GMO products currently on the market are allowed to be labeled as non-GMO – including products made with corn or soy with the Bt or Roundup Ready traits. 
Where does Whole Foods come in? According to the Center for Food Safety and small organic farmers groups, the DARK Act 2.0 would never have passed if major organic foods companies – including Whole Foods – had not lent their support to the bill, joining forces with Monsanto and the Grocery Manufacturers Association. 
Other major 'organic traitors' include UNFI (the country's largest organic and natural foods wholesaler) and the Organic Trade Association, which represents companies such as Organic Valley, White Wave and Smuckers. 
Ninety percent of U.S. residents support mandatory labeling of GMO foods. 
Sources:
ARTICLE

By Julian Assange 
In recent months, WikiLeaks and I personally have come under enormous pressure to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says about itself to itself. That pressure has come from the campaign's allies, including the Obama administration, and from liberals who are anxious about who will be elected US President. 
On the eve of the election, it is important to restate why we have published what we have. 
The right to receive and impart true information is the guiding principle of WikiLeaks – an organization that has a staff and organizational mission far beyond myself. Our organization defends the public's right to be informed. 
This is why, irrespective of the outcome of the 2016 US Presidential election, the real victor is the US public which is better informed as a result of our work. 
The US public has thoroughly engaged with WikiLeaks' election related publications which number more than one hundred thousand documents. Millions of Americans have pored over the leaks and passed on their citations to each other and to us. It is an open model of journalism that gatekeepers are uncomfortable with, but which is perfectly harmonious with the First Amendment. 
We publish material given to us if it is of political, diplomatic, historical or ethical importance and which has not been published elsewhere. When we have material that fulfills this criteria, we publish. We had information that fit our editorial criteria which related to the Sanders and Clinton campaign (DNC Leaks) and the Clinton political campaign and Foundation (Podesta Emails). No-one disputes the public importance of these publications. It would be unconscionable for WikiLeaks to withhold such an archive from the public during an election. 
At the same time, we cannot publish what we do not have. To date, we have not received information on Donald Trump's campaign, or Jill Stein's campaign, or Gary Johnson's campaign or any of the other candidates that fufills our stated editorial criteria. As a result of publishing Clinton's cables and indexing her emails we are seen as domain experts on Clinton archives. So it is natural that Clinton sources come to us. 
We publish as fast as our resources will allow and as fast as the public can absorb it. 
That is our commitment to ourselves, to our sources, and to the public. 
This is not due to a personal desire to influence the outcome of the election. The Democratic and Republican candidates have both expressed hostility towards whistleblowers. I spoke at the launch of the campaign for Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, because her platform addresses the need to protect them. This is an issue that is close to my heart because of the Obama administration's inhuman and degrading treatment of one of our alleged sources, Chelsea Manning. But WikiLeaks publications are not an attempt to get Jill Stein elected or to take revenge over Ms Manning's treatment either. 
Publishing is what we do. To withhold the publication of such information until after the election would have been to favour one of the candidates above the public's right to know. 
This is after all what happened when the New York Times withheld evidence of illegal mass surveillance of the US population for a year until after the 2004 election, denying the public a critical understanding of the incumbent president George W Bush, which probably secured his reelection. The current editor of the New York Times has distanced himself from that decision and rightly so. 
The US public defends free speech more passionately, but the First Amendment only truly lives through its repeated exercise. The First Amendment explicitly prevents the executive from attempting to restrict anyone's ability to speak and publish freely. The First Amendment does not privilege old media, with its corporate advertisers and dependencies on incumbent power factions, over WikiLeaks' model of scientific journalism or an individual's decision to inform their friends on social media. The First Amendment unapologetically nurtures the democratization of knowledge. With the Internet, it has reached its full potential. 
Yet, some weeks ago, in a tactic reminiscent of Senator McCarthy and the red scare, Wikileaks, Green Party candidate Stein, Glenn Greenwald and Clinton's main opponent were painted with a broad, red brush. The Clinton campaign, when they were not spreading obvious untruths, pointed to unnamed sources or to speculative and vague statements from the intelligence community to suggest a nefarious allegiance with Russia. The campaign was unable to invoke evidence about our publications—because none exists. 
In the end, those who have attempted to malign our groundbreaking work over the past four months seek to inhibit public understanding perhaps because it is embarrassing to them – a reason for censorship the First Amendment cannot tolerate. Only unsuccessfully do they try to claim that our publications are inaccurate. 
WikiLeaks' decade-long pristine record for authentication remains. Our key publications this round have even been proven through the cryptographic signatures of the companies they passed through, such as Google. It is not every day you can mathematically prove that your publications are perfect but this day is one of them. 
We have endured intense criticism, primarily from Clinton supporters, for our publications. Many long-term supporters have been frustrated because we have not addressed this criticism in a systematic way or responded to a number of false narratives about Wikileaks' motivation or sources. Ultimately, however, if WL reacted to every false claim, we would have to divert resources from our primary work. 
WikiLeaks, like all publishers, is ultimately accountable to its funders. Those funders are you. Our resources are entirely made up of contributions from the public and our book sales. This allows us to be principled, independent and free in a way no other influential media organization is. But it also means that we do not have the resources of CNN, MSNBC or the Clinton campaign to constantly rebuff criticism. 
Yet if the press obeys considerations above informing the public, we are no longer talking about a free press, and we are no longer talking about an informed public. 
Wikileaks remains committed to publishing information that informs the public, even if many, especially those in power, would prefer not to see it. WikiLeaks must publish. It must publish and be damned. Share:
ARTICLE

These States Just Legalized Recreational Cannabis! 
Tensions have been high as five states in the U.S. went to the polls to decide whether or not to end cannabis sativa prohibition today. Many citizens have been eagerly waiting for results to see which states will be next to step out of the erroneously waged and failed war on drugs . 

The five states that had a ballot question regarding regulating the cannabis plant similar to alcohol are Arizona, California, Maine, Massachusetts, and Nevada. 
As of 9pm (PT): 
– Massachusetts passed the measure with 53% support according to the Associated Press and other sources. 72% reporting
ARTICLE

Choose a topic Choose a topic All information, data, and material contained, presented, or provided on REALfarmacy.com is for educational purposes only. It is not to be construed or intended as providing medical or legal advice. Decisions you make about your family's healthcare are important and should be made in consultation with a competent medical professional. We are not physicians and do not claim to be. Any views expressed here-in are not necessarily those held by REALfarmacy.com © 2016 REALfarmacy.com
ARTICLE

Choose a topic Choose a topic All information, data, and material contained, presented, or provided on REALfarmacy.com is for educational purposes only. It is not to be construed or intended as providing medical or legal advice. Decisions you make about your family's healthcare are important and should be made in consultation with a competent medical professional. We are not physicians and do not claim to be. Any views expressed here-in are not necessarily those held by REALfarmacy.com © 2016 REALfarmacy.com
ARTICLE

President Obama and President-Elect Donald Trump Meet at White House: Share:
ARTICLE

Dakota Pipeline Protests Are Working! One Bank May Pull Funding of Pipeline Build 
While all eyes have been on the recent election results, protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline achieved a quiet victory. One bank may be pulling its investments in the project, leaving the Dakota Access Pipeline with very little money to continue its build. 

DNB, Norway's largest bank, has reportedly loaned $350 million to Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) for the construction of the pipeline.The bank is worried that Indigenous rights are being overlooked by Energy Transfer Partners. 

DNB states that it will take initiative and use its position to try to find a constructive solution to the conflict. If the bank finds that these initiatives do not give appeasing answers or results, DNB will consider ending its involvement in financing the project. 

Violence by police against protesters drove the bank to review its investment in the controversial pipeline. 

As knowledge about what is going on in North Dakota reaches international countries, corporations are forced to question their own involvement in the pipeline build. 

Standing Rock Sioux Tribe members, Indigenous peoples from First Nations around the planet, activists, and even well-known reporters and move stars are all speaking out against the Dakota Access Pipeline. Protesters have occupied several camps along the Missouri River near Cannon Ball, and North Dakota. 

The protests have a history of police violence against peaceful protesters. ETP hired private security mercenaries who were untrained. These employees unleashed vicious dogs on crowds of unarmed protesters and at least 6 were mauled. 

Since then, militarized police with tanks have replaced mercenaries. Activists have been pepper-sprayed, maced, beaten, shot with bean bag projectiles and rubber bullets, tasered, blasted by LRAD and sound cannons, and have been strip-searched, detained in dog kennels, had their arms marked with numbers, and more. 

Police violence and tactics have been so bad that even representatives from the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues have been amassing testimony from witnesses and victims about excessive force, unlawful arrests, and mistreatment in jail. 

Amnesty International USA brought human rights observers to monitor the situation. 

ETP has brazenly ignored requests by President Obama and several federal officials for ETP to halt construction until a tribal lawsuit and permit reviews conclude. 

During the chaos of Election Day, ETP announced it will be moving forward with drilling to begin installation of the pipeline beneath Lake Oahe in only two weeks, hinting that it would do so with or without appropriate permits. 

DNB views these acts as unacceptable and will likely revoke its financial support if ETP continues to ignore Indigenous requests. 

If DNB withdraws its financial support, the bold move could inspire other major investors to follow suit, especially if the public continues to apply pressure. 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She graduated The Evergreen State College with an undergraduate degree focusing on Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram.
ARTICLE

Most people can agree that a solution to bullying must be found. This Wisconsin town believes it may have the answer. 

In recent years, bullying-related suicides account for over 6,000 deaths per year for people ages 15 through 24. This Wisconsin town passed a law that forces parents to pay a fine if their child is a bully. 

As the connection between bullying and suicide becomes undeniable, parents, teachers, and students alike are trying to find a solution to this very important issue. Yet, there are too many adults who still see bullying as just another aspect of growing up. It has been proven that bullying is a prevalent problem that leads to many negative effects for it's victims. Some of these negative effects include depression, fear, lack of motivation to attend school, and suicide. 

Police in Shawano, Wisconsin are trying to curb bullying by holding parents accountable if their child is involved in bullying. 

The city council of Shawano just passed an ordinance that allows police to intervene when aggression happens. The law applies to anyone under the age of 18 and covers various forms of harassment ranging from taking lunch money to cyberbullying on social media. 

Shawano parents will be warned after the first incident, but if the child's behavior doesn't change within 90 days, parents will be fined $366. A repeat offender will be fined $681. 

While the majority of parents agree that bullying needs to stop, the new ordinance has raised a lot of controversy. Some critics believe that there could be difficulty distinguishing between playful banter and harassment. But police Chief Mark Kohl assures the public that the ordinance is not generated towards 'kids being kids' and playground banter, but instead towards kids who are meticulously using social media or their words to purposefully hurt others. 

While some parents embrace the fining idea, others disagree believing it will not solve the issue, only burning a hole in the pockets of already stressed out parents. 

It is an interesting solution and only time will tell if it works. Feel free to share you own thoughts on the subject. 

Share this to start a dialogue about the issue of bullying in your community. 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She graduated The Evergreen State College with an undergraduate degree focusing on Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram.
ARTICLE

This is What Legal Weed Will Look Like in California 
Amidst election madness, a proposition making marijuana legal just passed in California. Here are 10 things you need to know about what that will look like in the golden state. 
Although Californians will be able to possess and grow marijuana immediately if it passes, people will not have a place to legally buy non-medical marijuana until stores become licensed. The state has until January 1, 2018 to begin issuing retail licenses. State officials believe it will take almost a year to develop the regulations that will be applied to those who grow, transport, test, and sell cannabis. 

While some people are happy about this push to legalize marijuana, others worry about high taxation, and placement of the plant in the hands of wealthy corporations. 

Here is an outline of what legal pot will look like in California according to what is outlined in the ballot measure. 

You will have to be an adult to legally smoke weed. 

The Adult Use of Marijuana Act will allow people who are 21 and older to posses, transport, and buy up to 28.5 grams of marijuana for recreational use. 

This expands upon an existing law that allows cannabis to be used for medical purposes. 

The initiative will allow adults to grow and use up to 6 marijuana plants on their property. Medical marijuana patients will still be allowed to possess the amount needed to meet their medical needs, even in excess pf the 28.5 gram limit. 

You can't smoke weed everywhere. 

You will not be allowed to light up a joint in public areas like sidewalks or in bars. The ballot measure does not allow marijuana to be smoked in public unless it is allowed be local ordinances. 

Marijuana can also not be smoke in areas where state law already prohibits tobacco smoking. 

Fines will be given to those caught smoking weed while driving a motor vehicle, boat, or aircraft. 

There will be fines. 

People who are busted smoking in public will be given a fine up to $100. Those caught smoke in a place where tobacco is also prohibited or near a school will be fined up to $250. 

21 and over. 

It will be prohibited to sell marijuana to non-medical users under the age of 21. Yet, medical marijuana can still be used by people who are under 21. Cannabis products cannot be designed to appeal to children or to easily be confused with commercially sold candy. 

Marijuana products will have to be packaged in child-resistant containers, and pot shops will be prohibited from allowing anyone under the age of 21 on their premises. 

There won't be weed commercials on TV. 

The marketing of marijuana products to minors is prohibited which means ads will not be allowed to use symbols, language, music, or cartoon characters aimed at appealing to underage people. 

It will not be allowed for marijuana to be advertised on billboards located along an interstate highway or state highway that crosses the border of any other state. Ads will not be allowed within 1,000 feet of day-care centers, schools, playgrounds, or youth centers. 

Since federal law designated marijuana as an illegal drug, federally regulated television and radio will not advertise it. 

If federal law ever changes, Prop 64 includes provisions that require broadcast, cable, radio, print, and digital marketing only to be displayed where at least 71.6% of the audience is expected to be 21 and older. 

If you want to sell weed, tell the state. 

You will need a state license to open a pot shop and to grow weed for others. 

People who grow, process, transport, or sell marijuana must get a state license and pay a fee to cover the cost of the state processing and enforcing the license. 

Businesses will not be allowed to sell marijuana within 600 feet of a school, day care center, or youth center. 

Those running shops must undergo background checks to obtain a state license, and they can be denied if they have felony convictions involving violence, fraud, drug trafficking, or selling drugs to a minor. 

Selling pot? You must abide by these rules. 

The Bureau of Marijuana Control inside the state Department of Consumer Affairs will be given the job of creating, issuing, renewing, and revoking state licenses for the transportation, storage, distribution, and sale of marijuana. 

Marijuana growers will have to get a license from the state Department of Food and Agriculture. Those who want to form businesses to manufacture and test marijuana products will be licensed and overseen by the state Department of Public Health. 

Selling pot without a license will come with penalties and sometimes even jail time. 

Selling marijuana without a license can result in a misdemeanor charge with penalties of up to six months in jail and $500 in fines. 

Engaging in any commercial activity in regard to weed without a license will come with civil penalties of up to three times the amount of the license fee for each violation. 

Marijuana will be taxed. 

Prop 64 will allow the state to impose a 15% tax on the retail sale of marijuana. In addition, the state will be able to levy a cultivation tax on growers of $9.25 per ounce for flowers, and $2.75 per ounce for leaves. 

The measure will also allow cities and counties to impose their own taxes to cover costs of services, including enforcement. 

Medical marijuana patients will be exempt from paying state sales taxes. 

California could make a lot of money on pot. 

State analysts believe that state taxes could generate up to $1 billion annually. 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She graduated The Evergreen State College with an undergraduate degree focusing on Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram.
ARTICLE

First ever Hindu was elected to the US House of Representatives. She will take the oath of office over the Bhagavad Gita. 

During election, Hawaii elected Japan-born Mazie Hirono to be the first ever Asian-American woman elected to the Senate. Hawaii also elected Democrat Tulsi Gabbard as the first ever practicing Hindu to the US House of Representatives. Because of this, Fox News have declare Hawaii a 'disaster zone'. 

Gabbard is the daughter of two conservative Hawaii politicians. She first ran, and was elected into office at the age of 21. After her first term, she served on a 12 month tour of duty with Hawaii's National Guard, and then became the first woman in history of the Accelerated Officer Candidate School at the Alabama Military Academy to be designated a 'distinguished honor graduate'. 

She was then deployed to Baghdad as a medical operations specialist in 2004, and she was deployed to Kuwait in 2008. 

History has proven that not everyone is comfortable with a Hindu elect. When Hindu statesman Rajan Zed was asked by the Senate to open with a prayer in 2007, the American Family Association called the prayer 'gross idolatry' and urged people to protest. Three protesters interrupted the prayer with shouts from the gallery. 

When she is sworn this January, Gabbard will take her oath of office over the Bhagavad Gita, a sacred text for Hinduism or Sanatana Dharma. 

Gabbard hopes to assist the US in fostering a better relationship with India, the world's largest democracy with a growing economic and nuclear power. She also hopes to work on veteran's affairs, and environmental issues. 

Other non-Christian people in Congress include Minnesota's Keith Ellison, who took his oath of office over the Qu-ran. 

Ariana Marisol is a contributing staff writer for REALfarmacy.com. She is an avid nature enthusiast, gardener, photographer, writer, hiker, dreamer, and lover of all things sustainable, wild, and free. Ariana strives to bring people closer to their true source, Mother Nature. She graduated The Evergreen State College with an undergraduate degree focusing on Sustainable Design and Environmental Science. Follow her adventures on Instagram.
ARTICLE

DOES SOMEONE BEHIND THE SCENES WANT TO SEE CIVIL WAR IN THE UNITED STATES? 
The answer is almost certainly yes. 
And it isn't likely to settle down anytime in the next few days. (If you aren't prepped for this, go here to learn how to stay safe .) 
Just a little background: this has been going on since the midst of the campaign when actors were hired on Craigslist and trained to disrupt rallies. 
For example, one Craigslist ad was answered by Paul Horner, who admitted he was paid $3,500 to cause a scene at a Trump event in Fountain Hills, Arizona. 
'As for who these people were affiliated with that interviewed me, my guess would be Hillary Clinton's campaign,' Horner said. 'The actual check I received after I was done with the job was from a group called 'Women Are The Future'. After I was hired, they told me if anyone asked any questions about who I was with or communicated with me in any way, I should start talking about how great Bernie Sanders is.' Horner continued, 'It was mostly women in their 60's at the interview that I went to…' ( source ) 
The same report goes on to say: 
When asked about the other protesters at the rally, Horner said he saw most of them during the interview and training for the rally. 
'Almost all of the people I was protesting with I had seen at my interview and training class. At the rally, talking with some of them, I learned they only paid Latinos $500, Muslims $600 and African Americans $750. I don't think they were looking for any Asians. Women and children were paid half of what the men got and illegals received $300 across the board. I think I was paid more than the other protesters because I was white and had taken classes in street fighting and boxing a few years back' 
You can also read this article , in which a quote caught on video from Project Veritas shows how the Clinton campaign caused disruptions via 'bird-dogging.' THERE'S A LOT OF EVIDENCE THAT SOMEONE IS FUNDING THESE PROTESTS. 
An eyewitness in Austin, Texas spotted protesters being transported by chartered coach buses. 
Then there was this Craigslist ad. 

There are many more tweets along these lines, but suffice it to say, suspicion is high that these, just like the Clinton campaign, are rigged to manipulate the American people. WHY WOULD ANYONE WANT TO CAUSE ALL THIS TROUBLE? 
That's where the web gets tangled. It certainly seems counterproductive to set fire to America. After all, what these people are doing is likely to end up with more tyranny – like martial law, for example. 
Exactly. 
That's precisely the plan. 
Back in August, hackers from a group called DC Leaks got into the private documents of the Open Society, an organization founded by George Soros. Soros, whom DC Leaks referred to as 'the architect and sponsor of almost every revolution and coup around the world for the last 25 years' is a pro-globalist billionaire who has been trying to take over the world via shadow government for decades. 
Zero Hedge reported on the findings in the Soros leak: 
The documents are from multiple departments of Soros' organizations. Soros' the Open Society Foundations seems to be the group with the most documents in the leak. Files come from sections representing almost all geographical regions in the world, from the USA, to Europe, Eurasia, Asia, Latin, America, Africa, the World Bank 'the President's Office', as well as an unknown entity named SOUK. As the Daily Caller notes , there are documents dating from at least 2008 to 2016. Documents in the leak range from research papers such as ' EUROPEAN CRISIS: Key Developments of the Past 48 Hours ' focusing on the impact of the refugee crisis, to a document titled ' The Ukraine debate in Germany ', to an update specific financials of grants. They reveal work plans, strategies, priorities and other activities by Soros, and include reports on European elections, migration and asylum in Europe. An email leaked by WikiLeaks earlier this week showed Soros had advised Hillary Clinton during her tenure as Secretary of State on how to handle unrest in Albania – advice she acted on. 
As well, it's important to note that Soros provided a whopping $33 million to activists in Ferguson, Missouri, escalating a protest to a siege. The Washington Times reported: 
…liberal billionaire George Soros , who has built a business empire that dominates across the ocean in Europe while forging a political machine powered by nonprofit foundations that impacts American politics and policy, not unlike what he did with MoveOn.org. 
Mr. Soros spurred the Ferguson protest movement through years of funding and mobilizing groups across the U.S., according to interviews with key players and financial records reviewed by The Washington Times. 
In all, Mr. Soros gave at least $33 million in one year to support already-established groups that emboldened the grass-roots, on-the-ground activists in Ferguson , according to the most recent tax filings of his nonprofit Open Society Foundations… EVERYDAY CARRY GEAR – 11 ITEMS YOU SHOULD ALWAYS HAVE ON YOU (AD) 
This is business as usual for the OSF (Open Society Foundation), as explained by director Kenneth Zimmerman : 
Mr. Zimmerman said OSF has been giving to these types of groups since its inception in the early '90s, and that, although groups involved in the protests have been recipients of Mr. Soros' grants, they were in no way directed to protest at the behest of Open Society . 
'The incidents, whether in Staten Island, Cleveland or Ferguson , were spontaneous protests — we don't have the ability to control or dictate what others say or choose to say,' Mr. Zimmerman said. 'But these circumstances focused people's attention — and it became increasingly evident to the social justice groups involved that what a particular incident like Ferguson represents is a lack of accountability and a lack of democratic participation.' 
Soros -sponsored organizations helped mobilize protests in Ferguson , building grass-roots coalitions on the ground backed by a nationwide online and social media campaign. 
Other Soros -funded groups made it their job to remotely monitor and exploit anything related to the incident that they could portray as a conservative misstep, and to develop academic research and editorials to disseminate to the news media to keep the story alive. 
The plethora of organizations involved not only shared Mr. Soros ' funding, but they also fed off each other, using content and buzzwords developed by one organization on another's website, referencing each other's news columns and by creating a social media echo chamber of Facebook 'likes' and Twitter hashtags that dominated the mainstream media and personal online newsfeeds. 
Soros was busted for paying protesters to go into Ferguson and stir things up. This is not theory. It's FACT. The Daily Mail reported that Soros spent $33 million to bankroll the protests. The Washington Times reported that it was totally cool, though, because humanitarian that he is, Soros just wanted to help the civil rights movement . What a guy. Of course, this seems to be a thing with the kabillionaires. The Ford Foundation and Rockefeller foundation also fund 'social activism.' Which is kabillionaire code for 'mess stuff up and wreak havoc.' 
Keep in mind that the organization Black Lives Matter was born through the Ferguson riots. DOES THIS LOOK FAMILIAR? 
If the Modus Operandi in these protests looks familiar, that's because MoveOn.org is organizing a lot of them, and MoveOn is funded by …you guessed it: George Soros. The organization was originally founded to combat the impeachment of Bill Clinton…are you seeing a link here? Another proud instigator is the Answer Coalition which also – are you sitting down? Has links to Soros . 
There are a lot of people who are out there because they genuinely oppose a Trump presidency. The unfortunate thing is, their opposition comes from propaganda that they passionately believe. They are acting based on misinformation and they're being professionally manipulated. 
The next step here is martial law, which nobody wants. 
Well, nobody except George Soros and friends. 
Someone who wants to see America ripped apart is causing this division. Last summer, it was leaked that Soros attempted to destabilize Russia and depose Putin in 2012. Putin responded by banning Soros and all of his organizations from Russia. In 2014, Putin issued an international arrest warrant for Soros. 
We could certainly improve both international relationships and our current situation by extraditing Soros immediately. 
Daisy Luther is a freelance writer and editor. Her website , where this article first appeared , offers information on healthy prepping, including premium nutritional choices, general wellness and non-tech solutions. You can follow Daisy on Facebook and Twitter , and you can email her at [email protected] Share:
ARTICLE

by ANYA V 
Oregano oil is the ultimate antibiotic. Oregano is a powerful herb with unique healing properties. Did you know that oregano has eight times more antioxidants than apples and three times as much as blueberries? Antioxidants are needed to protect our body against free radical damage. They boost the immune-system naturally. Oregano Oil is the most potent plant oil in the world! The distribution of oregano oil started in Ancient Greece. In Greek the word oregano is translated as joy of the mountains . The Greeks were first to use oil for medicinal purposes, such as a powerful antiviral, antibacterial, antiseptic, antifungal agent and also as a remedy for pain, and inflammation. It was the main antibacterial tool used by Hippocrates. Oregano leaves were traditionally used to treat illnesses related to the respiratory and digestive systems. Oregano Oil is The Ultimate Antibiotic 
Main Ingredients: Oregano Essential Oil is a mineral density powerhouse. It contains calcium, magnesium, zinc, iron, potassium, copper, boron, manganese, vitamins C, A (beta-carotene), Niacin. Oregano oil contains four main groups of chemicals which are active healing agents. 
Phenols including carvacrol and thymol. They act as antiseptics and antioxidants. Terpenes including pinene and terpinene. They possess antiseptic, antiviral, anti-inflammatory and anesthetic properties. Linalool and bonreol are two long-chain alcohols found in oregano oil. They exhibit antiviral and antiseptic properties. Esters include linalyl acetate and geranyl acetate. They exhibit antifungal properties. Although all these compounds possess healing properties, the most significant primary compound found in oregano oil is carvacrol. Scientific research has proved carvacrol to be one of the most effective antibiotics known to science. Not All Oregano Oil is Created Equal 
Real wild Mediteranean Oregano needs to be either of origanum vulgare kind, or Thymus capitatus , which mostly grows in Spain. It is very important to make sure the Oil of Oregano is derived from these two kinds. It also has to have the carvacrol concentration of 70% or more. Most importantly, oregano essential oil does not create harmful strains in the body and does not have side effects the pharmaceutical antibiotics do. Moreover, it is effective against a dangerous and even deadly bacteria, but does not produce biological changes in the body. Oregano essential oil nourishes the body and doesn't deplete it of nutrients like conventional antibiotics do. And if you look at the statistics, people in the Mediterranean live longer for the most part. Maybe partly because of oregano which is added to most Mediterranean dishes!
ARTICLE

BOMBSHELL: Declassified Documents Reveal Why U.S. Ignored Saudi 9/11 Ties 
At long last, the so-called 'missing' 28 pages from the Congressional Joint Inquiry into the terror attacks of September 11, 2001, have been released, albeit in redacted form. 
While obviously critical information has been obscured from the general public, the evidence remaining appears to show the hijackers and their associates received and had been receiving funds from individuals working for the government of Saudi Arabia—as has long been rumored and intimated. 
The redacted report also keenly criticizes failures in communication between the FBI and CIA, which its authors suggest could have been a crucial intelligence breakdown prior to the attacks. 
According to the report, with all emphasis added: 
'[T]he committees are particularly concerned about the serious nature of allegations contained in a CIA memorandum found by the Joint Inquiry Staff in the files of the FBI's San Diego Field Office. That memorandum, which discusses alleged financial connections between the September 11 hijackers, Saudi government officials, and members of the Saudi royal family, was drafted by a CIA officer [REDACTED], relying primarily on information from FBI files. The CIA officer sent it to the CTC to determine whether CIA had additional information. He also provided a copy to the FBI agent responsible for the investigation of one of the individuals discussed in the memorandum. Despite the clear national implications of the CIA memorandum, the FBI agent included the memorandum in an individual case file and did not forward it to FBI headquarters. FBI headquarters, therefore, was unaware of statements in the memorandum until the Joint Inquiry brought the memorandum's implications to the Bureau's attention [FULLY REDACTED SENTENCE CONCLUDING THAT PARAGRAPH].' 
Those connections between the planners of the 9/11 attack and members of the Saudi royal family and Saudi government are fleshed out in many of the remaining pages, despite redaction of many obviously telling points. For instance: 
'While in the United States, some of the September 11 hijackers were in contact with, or received support and assistance from, individuals who may be connected with the Saudi government. There is information, from FBI sources, that at least two of those individuals were alleged to be Saudi intelligence officers.' 
Even more damning, a heavily redacted paragraph suggests the reason, prior to 9/11, the FBI did not focus its investigations of possible terrorist ties of 'Saudi nationals in the United States was due to Saudi Arabia's status as an American 'ally.'' 
Though it appears the Joint Inquiry discovered telling evidence of ties between terrorist actors and the Saudi principals, the report refused to make a definitive statement on the issue due to the limited scope of its investigation. 
However, the report states, 'it is possible that these kinds of connections could suggest as indicated in a [REDACTED] dated July 2, 2002, ' incontrovertible evidence that there is support for these terrorists within the Saudi government ,'' though that statement is downplayed with a disclaimer there may be legitimate, innocent reasons for those connections. 
Another revelation the Joint Inquiry discovered on examining evidence suggested: 
'One individual who provided assistance to Nawaf al-Hazmi and Khalid al-Mindhar may be connected to the Saudi Government. A second individual who may have been in contact with al-Hazmi and al-Mindhar also has ties to the Saudi government, including connections to the Saudi Ambassador to the United States. There is reporting in FBI files that persons have alleged that both of these individuals may be Saudi intelligence officers.' 
In fact, the hijackers 'may have been in contact with other Saudi Government officials in the United States prior to' the attacks, and—perhaps most damning of all— 'Saudi Government officials in the United States may have ties to Usama Bin Laden's terrorist network.' 
One subject, in particular, Omar al-Bayoumi, was found to have 'extensive ties to the Saudi Government.' Nevertheless, Congress decided not to pursue those allegations any further. 
Indeed, the report states: 
'Al-Bayoumi had been an accountant at the Saudi Civil Aviation Administration from 1976 to 1993, when he relocated to the United States,' and, further, the FBI found 'Al-Bayoumi was in frequent contact with the Emir at the Saudi Ministry of Defense, responsible for air traffic control.' 
Al-Bayoumi also received regular payments from the Ministry of Defense through a Saudi company called 'Ercan,' and he contacted Saudi government 'establishments' in the U.S. 'almost 100 times between January and May of 2000.' 
At a closed hearing in October 2002, the document notes, a former FBI agent in San Diego testified that al-Bayoumi 'acted like a Saudi intelligence officer, in my opinion. And if he was involved with the hijackers, which it looks like he was, if he signed leases, if he provided some sort of financing or payment of some sort, then I would say that there's a clear possibility that there might be a connection between Saudi intelligence and UBL ,' with UBL being the government's acronym for Usama, or Osama, bin Laden. 
Another former agent in charge in San Diego apparently said he received around six reports from individuals who suspected al-Bayoumi 'was a Saudi intelligence officer' —but the FBI ultimately somehow found there was not sufficient evidence to conclude as much. 
Further lending credence to theories the Saudis may have been directly involved in the attacks, the Inquiry noted: 
'In testimony and interviews a number of FBI agents and CIA officers complained to the Joint Inquiry about a lack of Saudi cooperation in terrorism investigations both before and after the September 11 attacks.' 
One agent even said the 'Saudis had been useless and obstructionist for years' and will 'only act when it is in their self-interest.' 
These 28 pages certainly seem to indicate the U.S. pursued, targeted, and invaded the wrong country in its choice of Afghanistan and Iraq after the September 11 attacks—as has been widely assumed for some time. 
Though no definitive statements are made concerning conclusive proof of Saudi involvement—directly or indirectly—in the planning of 9/11, sufficient information is laid bare to conclude as much. In fact, the evidence calls directly into question exactly why the United States government continues to this day to categorize Saudi Arabia as a 'trusted ally.' 
by Claire Bernish, theAntiMedia.org
ARTICLE

Choose a topic Choose a topic All information, data, and material contained, presented, or provided on REALfarmacy.com is for educational purposes only. It is not to be construed or intended as providing medical or legal advice. Decisions you make about your family's healthcare are important and should be made in consultation with a competent medical professional. We are not physicians and do not claim to be. Any views expressed here-in are not necessarily those held by REALfarmacy.com © 2016 REALfarmacy.com
ARTICLE

More articles on the HPV Vaccine Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth. Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49. Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden's research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life's work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the 'other-side' of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors. Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?eBook – Available for immediate download. 
One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all 'quacks.' 
However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding 'the science' of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines. 
The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary. 
Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field. 
In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves 'pro-vaccine,' for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual. 
Many doctors recommend a 'delayed' vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot. 
These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions. 
In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe. 
This article originally appeared on vaccineimpact.com Image: Wikimedia Commons
ARTICLE

OUTRAGE: College Removes All American Flags, Veterans Protest 
All eyes are on notorious Hampshire College located in Amherst, Massachusetts. The Pioneer Valley community well-known for tolerance and social liberalism has many community members up in arms (figuratively speaking) over recent staff decisions and student behaviors surrounding flags. 
Following President-elect Trump's presidential win in the U.S., a group of students at this particular college were so displeased with the final results that their own American flag was lowered to half-staff in an act of expression . The same flag was later maliciously burned and discovered this past Veteran's Day. 
The burnt flag was then replaced by staff with a new flag, but later after 'consulting with constituents' an official decision was made to remove not only the American flag, but all flags in order to have a conversation about what the American flag truly represents without simultaneously flying said flag, which was an apparent flag-trigger across an array of viewpoints in regard to flags. 
During the ongoing internet and communal static that has ensued thereafter, the President of Hampshire College, Jonathan Lash, has insisted that the school has been '…Periodically flying the flag at half-staff to mourn deaths from violence around the world…' 
The statements made by President Lash and the official Facebook page of the campus both strongly imply that the flag was not lowered as a result of the election but rather as a way to generally mourn violence around the globe. 
Some outraged citizens are veterans and relatives of veterans, and some are not. Those currently opposed to the school's and student's behavior seem to have one thing in common- discontent for what they see as offensive acts and a disgrace to the democratic process and liberty that allows such a college to exist. 
A protest has been arranged for veterans and others to show their disapproval of the school's flag-lowering decision. The protest will take place this coming Sunday 11/27. 
Chicopee veteran Delfo Barabani Jr., said in a message that 'The idea is to have as many people as possible carry an American Flag near the Hampshire campus.' 
The internet has been lively on the school's Facebook page which has been swarmed by thousands of commenters posting eagle and flag stickers: 
You may remember mention of the school when NBC's SNL and then-skit-comedian Jimmy Fallon poked fun at how liberally-minded the campus was in a weekly skit that depicted Fallon as an ignorant stoner living in an on-campus dorm. It will be interesting to see how the mainstream network spins the character of this same demographic come protest-time Sunday now that their narrative encompasses support for the polar opposite. 
It will certainly be telling to witness how cable news approaches such a divided issue during a time when public confidence in mainstream news networks has reached an all time low. This is of course due to distrust following WikiLeaks revelations that indicated many mainstream networks and broadcasters colluded with the Clinton campaign to both shut down Bernie Sanders in the primaries and win the presidential election [sic]. 

The Hampshire College Facebook posts concerning this matter can be read in full below: 
@ November 21 at 3:59pm EST Hampshire College [fb]: A Statement from President Lash: 'Some months ago, the Hampshire College Board of Trustees adopted a policy of periodically flying the flag at half-staff to mourn deaths from violence around the world. Last week, in the current environment of escalating hate-based violence, we made the decision to fly Hampshire's U.S. flag at half-staff for a time while the community delved deeper into the meaning of the flag and its presence on our campus. This was meant as an expression of grief over the violent deaths being suffered in this country and globally, including the many U.S. service members who have lost their lives. Our intention was to create the space for meaningful and respectful dialogue across the many perspectives represented in our community. Unfortunately, our efforts to inclusively convey respect and sorrow have had the opposite effect. We have heard from many on our campus as well as from neighbors in the region that, by flying the flag at half-staff, we were actually causing hurt, distress, and insult. Our decision has been seen as disrespectful of the traditional expression of national mourning, and has been especially painful to our Hampshire campus colleagues who are veterans or families of veterans. Some have perceived the action of lowering the flag as a commentary on the results of the presidential election – this, unequivocally, was not our intent. After some preliminary consultation with campus constituents (much more is needed), we decided on Friday that we will not fly the U.S. flag or any other flags on our college flagpole for the time being. We hope this will enable us in the near term to instead focus our efforts on addressing racist, misogynistic, Islamophobic, anti-immigrant, anti-Semitic, and anti-LGBTQ rhetoric and behaviors. I ask our campus to join me in a commitment to living up to the ideals of our mission: to insist on diversity, inclusion, and equity from our leaders and in our communities; to constructively resist those who are opposing these values; and to actively and passionately work toward justice and positive change at Hampshire and in the world.' 

@ 11/22/16 12:39pm EST [Note this post was edited by the Hampshire College page several times at the time this was published, this was the most recent version that the Facebook page posted] Hampshire College wrote on fb: Hampshire College respects all the feedback on our decision to remove the flag from our college flagpole for a period of time as our campus discusses what the flag represents to all members of our community. This decision is not and was never a commentary on the presidential election; our goal is to make this discussion a learning opportunity by giving voice to the range of viewpoints on campus across cultures, and hopefully find common ground. This is not a campus-wide ban as some media have mistakenly reported, campus members are free to individually display their own flags; this only pertains to our flagpole. As the College closes for Thanksgiving, our social media staff are on holiday break and are unable to respond to questions and to ensure posts adhere to community standards. As a result, we are suspending FB Comments through the Thanksgiving break. Emails may be sent to [email protected] Share:
