ARTICLE

  Bob Creamer Admits To Daily Calls With The Clinton Campaign And More… Bob Creamer Admits To Daily Calls With The Clinton Campaign And More… October 26, 2016, 3:20 pm by Terresa Monroe-Hamilton Leave a Comment 0 
NoisyRoom.net 
Disgraced Robert Creamer is having even more of his dirty laundry aired by James O'Keefe and Project Veritas. Wonder how his commie wife, Congresswoman and fellow Marxist, Jan Schakowsky , feels about that. It would seem that Creamer was beyond cozy with the Clinton campaign. He has been on daily morning calls with the campaign with his input. He's also, not surprisingly, worked directly with Obama to organize 'issue campaigns.' 
Robert Creamer has been a political organizer and strategist for almost four decades. He and his firm, the Strategic Consulting Group, work with many of the country's most significant issue campaigns. He was one of the major architects and organizers of the successful campaign to defeat the privatization of Social Security. He worked to end the war in Iraq, pass universal healthcare, change America's budget priorities and enact comprehensive immigration reform. He's been a very busy little Marxist. 
His clients have included labor unions, public interest groups and advocacy organizations like MoveOn.org, Americans United for Change and USAction. He has also worked on hundreds of electoral campaigns at the local, state and national levels. 
Now he is best known for getting caught up in a sting by Project Veritas. He also accepted a foreign donation for a Democratic Super PAC for $20,000. Then he returned it once he suspected he was being set up. A little too late, Bob. That donation was from Project Veritas themselves. 
From Breitbart : 
Disgraced Democratic operative Robert Creamer participated in daily calls with the Hillary Clinton campaign, and worked directly with President Barack Obama to organize 'issue campaigns.' 
Creamer makes the admissions in the latest undercover video release from James O'Keefe and Project Veritas, which captured Creamer describing his activities. 
O'Keefe also reports that Creamer accepted a foreign donation for a Democratic super PAC. 
In this fourth video in the series, 'Rigging the Election,' Creamer tells a journalist with Project Veritas that he does indeed work for the Clinton campaign and is in fact in charge of 'overseeing' activities at the Trump rallies: 'I mean frankly I spend most of my time overseeing the Trump event rallies, I mean that's what I do for the Clinton campaign.' He has actively choreographed 'bird dogging' at Trump's rallies to gin up violence. He's also placed infiltrators in Donald Duck costumes at Trump events. So lame. This has been going on for more than a year. 
Robby Mook, Clinton's campaign manager, flat out lied last week and said he never worked with Creamer. But O'Keefe's videos expose that whopper of a lie. 
In this latest video, Creamer details some of his connections: 'Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters … I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television, radio, with earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising.' Even more damning is a conference call mentioned where they discussed a woman potentially coming forward against Trump to accuse him of inappropriate behavior. 
Creamer has known and worked with Obama since the 1980s, during his community organizing days. He goes on to add: 'I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the… the health care bill, for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.' 
I assume there will be even more videos to come. Creamer has resigned from Americans United for Change over all this and his reputation is now trashed. This is what happens when you make your living scheming against others. Eventually you get caught up in it as well. Fresh out of sympathy for Creamer. 0

ARTICLE

  More Politicized Justice to Protect Hillary More Politicized Justice to Protect Hillary October 27, 2016, 9:04 am by Roger Aronoff Leave a Comment 0 
By: Roger Aronoff | Accuracy in Media 
A recently revealed connection between Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, a local Virginia politician and the FBI exposes, at the very least, another deceptive conflict of interest that was likely intended to help protect the viability of Hillary Clinton's presidential ambitions. These politicians believe they can get away with such actions because they trust that they can count on a complicit mainstream media to cover for their corruption. 
A case in point is the funding McAuliffe arranged for Dr. Jill McCabe, the wife of the future deputy director of the FBI, Andrew McCabe. McAuliffe steered nearly $500,000 from his political action committee, Common Good VA, and another approximately $200,000 from the Virginia Democratic Party to Mrs. McCabe for her state senate campaign in 2015. Her campaign had a total budget of $1.8 million, and according to The Washington Post, in 2015 the state allowed candidates to use campaign funds for personal expenses so long as the campaign was operating. 
'No, it's not at all a normal amount [of money],' said State Senator Dick Black, the incumbent who defeated McCabe in 2015 and kept the seat, on the Steve Batton Show . 'In fact, the amount that was involved is comparable to what you would have in a full congressional, a hotly contested congressional race.' Black, who served as a pilot for the Marines during the Vietnam War, was later the head of the Criminal Law Division at the Pentagon. 
'The amount of money that was put in was astounding,' Black continued. 'It was four times as much as the Democrats had put into the former race when this was an open seat.' At the time that Jill McCabe announced her campaign, her husband Andrew was running the Washington, D.C. field office of the FBI. He was later promoted to the number three position, and then promoted to deputy director. His wife's campaign failed, and, according to The Washington Post, Andrew McCabe avoided handling Virginia public corruption cases during her campaign and didn't 'participate in' campaign events. 
Yet, given that the main funder of his wife's campaign, Governor McAuliffe, is a long-time Clinton ally who chaired Hillary Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign and chaired the Democratic National Committee, Andrew McCabe should have recused himself from the Hillary Clinton investigation—no matter at what level he was serving. 
According to a cutting Wall Street Journal editorial , 'All of this asks voters to believe that Mr. McCabe as the No. 3 official at the FBI had nothing to do with the biggest, most sensitive case at that agency. This strains credulity.' It was the Journal that broke the story this week about McAuliffe steering money to McCabe. 
The editorial continues, 'Before he became No. 3 at the FBI Mr. McCabe ran the bureau's Washington, D.C. field office that provided resources to the Clinton probe. Campaign-finance records show that 98% of the McAuliffe donations to Mrs. McCabe came after the FBI launched its Clinton probe.' 
Three months after McCabe's defeat, her husband became the FBI deputy director helping to oversee the Clinton email case. Not only does this have the appearance of impropriety—it doesn't pass the smell test. 
'So the Democratic Party actually suspected that this woman was a Republican because she hadn't been active in any politics,' said Black. 'She came out of the blue, which was quite mysterious. Why this woman, why was she chosen?' Black described how another Democratic Party operative had already filed to run for the state senate seat, but the party decided that Jill McCabe would be the candidate—without holding a primary. 
As we have reported, the whole FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of classified email and private server stinks—and the fix was clearly in . Not only did the FBI grant immunity to five people deeply involved in the case, it also made a deal to destroy evidence on two witnesses' computers once it finished reviewing material found on them. 'Sources said the arrangement with former Clinton chief of staff Cheryl Mills and ex-campaign staffer Heather Samuelson also limited the search to no later than Jan. 31, 2015,' reported Fox News. 'This meant investigators could not review documents for the period after the email server became public—in turn preventing the bureau from discovering if there was any evidence of obstruction of justice, sources said.' 
In addition, the FBI failed to empanel a grand jury to look into the case, instead relying on non-aggressive interviews which were not recorded. 
We have long maintained that EmailGate is not just about hiding information from the public, but is also a national security scandal. The Obama administration is clearly using political considerations to determine who receives punishment for mishandling the nation's secrets. Among the latest WikiLeaks revelations is further proof that President Obama was well aware that Mrs. Clinton was doing government business from a private, unsecured server, though he denied it, and that staff members were scrambling to figure out how to contain the fallout. 
The Washington Post reports that another government official who mishandled classified information, leaking it to the press, failed to escape judgment. Former Joint Chiefs of Staff Vice Chairman General James E. Cartwright's 'greatest mistake was not talking to reporters or lying about it; he failed to play the Washington game skillfully enough to avoid becoming a scapegoat for a system in which senior officials skirt the rules and then fall back on their political power to save them,' writes Josh Rogin for the Post. He describes how Cartwright 'was a pariah to many of the Very Important People in Washington's national security elite.' 
Cartwright 'pleaded guilty to the felony charge of lying to the FBI during its investigation into the leaking of classified information about covert operations against Iran to two journalists' and could face up to five years in jail and a $250,000 fine, writes Rogin. 
Before that, Cartwright was known as ' Obama's favorite general .' But clearly that is no longer the case, or presumably he would have gotten off scot-free, just like Hillary, from the highly politicized Obama Justice Department. Hillary's mishandling of classified material was part of her daily routine for years—far more egregious than anything that Cartwright did. 
As Rogin pointed out in the Post article, Cartwright spoke to The New York Times' David Sanger about the Stuxnet program designed to slow down Iran's quest for nuclear weapons. Sanger had previously 'had meetings on Iran with several other high-profile administration officials, including National Security Adviser Tom Donilon, Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns and even Clinton herself. There's no evidence of any other Stuxnet leak investigations of high-level officials.' 
But only Cartwright is taking the fall. 'In his statement taking responsibility for lying to the FBI,' writes Rogin, 'Cartwright asserted his motivations were patriotic. 'My only goal in talking to the reporters was to protect American interests and lives; I love my country and continue to this day to do everything I can to defend it.'' We may have to wait for Cartwright's memoir to find out the rest of this story. 
In 2013, the Times' Sanger said that the Obama administration was the 'most closed, control-freak administration' he'd ever covered. But Hillary got a pass, in order to run for the White House to succeed President Obama. We have reported on how this administration has systematically and to an unprecedented level targeted leakers and journalists . 
But the whitewash of an FBI investigation into Mrs. Clinton's email practices is looking more and more like a cover-up. That the McCabes felt indebted to Clinton associate McAuliffe cannot be definitively proven, but it defies common sense to assume that they both were purely impartial about the investigation into Hillary. If only the mainstream media would do their job and report on the facts of this case, instead of simply lambasting Donald Trump and his supporters for his inartful comments. If only. Roger Aronoff 
Roger Aronoff is the Editor of Accuracy in Media, and a member of the Citizens' Commission on Benghazi . He can be contacted at roger.aronoff@aim.org . View the complete archives from Roger Aronoff . 0

ARTICLE

  John Podesta's New Global Order John Podesta's New Global Order October 28, 2016, 5:44 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
In one of her secret speeches, Hillary Clinton said, 'My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders…' Before this comment was revealed, Adam Taylor of The Washington Post tried to assure everyone that the idea of a North American Union, like the meddlesome and bureaucratic European Union, was dead. Such talk, he said, emanated from 'fringe websites' and 'conspiracy theorists.' 
The Hillary speech was made to a Brazilian bank known as Itaú BBA, which describes itself as 'Latin America's largest Corporate & Investment Bank' and part of the Itaú Unibanco group, 'one of the world's largest financial conglomerates.' 
The problem for Taylor and other faux journalists is that there is a whole body of research on the topic of a ' North American Law Project ,' designed to integrate the legal systems of the U.S., Canada and Mexico. The project is run out of American University's Center for North American Studies, where students can concentrate in North American Studies . As a matter of fact, such degrees are being offered by several different colleges and universities, including Canada's McGill University . 
Passed in 1993, NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement, began the process of harmonizing laws among the U.S., Canada and Mexico. But the Council on Foreign Relations admits that the U.S.-Mexico trade balance swung from a $1.7 billion U.S. surplus in 1993 to a $54 billion deficit by 2014. This has led to a loss of about 600,000 jobs. 
In addition to shipping jobs to Mexico, NAFTA constituted subversion of our constitutional system. President Clinton submitted NAFTA as an agreement, requiring only a majority of votes in both Houses of Congress for passage, and not a treaty, which would have required a two-thirds vote in favor in the Senate. NAFTA passed by votes of 234-200 in the House and 61-38 in the Senate. 
A money crash soon followed in 1995 as Mexico was hit by a peso crisis, and a U.S. bailout was arranged. Congress would not bail out Mexico, so Clinton arranged for loans and guarantees to Mexico totaling almost $40 billion through the International Monetary Fund and the 'Exchange Stabilization Fund.' 
Meanwhile, pressure has been building for the creation of a 'North American Community'—also known as a 'North American Union'—with regular meetings involving the leaders of the three countries. On June 29, 2016, the Obama White House issued a fact sheet on this year's 'North American Leaders' Summit.' It said, 'The economies of the United States, Canada, and Mexico are deeply integrated. Canada and Mexico are our second and third largest trading partners. Our trade with them exceeds $1.2 trillion dollars annually.' 
The leaders of these countries agreed to establish a 'North American Caucus' to 'more effectively work in concert on regional and global issues by holding semi-annual coordination meetings among our foreign ministries.' One item on the agenda was for the leaders to reaffirm 'North America's strong support for [Colombian] President Santos's efforts to finalize a peace accord with the FARC guerrillas.' That fell apart on October 2 when a 'peace deal' with the communist terrorists was voted down by the people of Colombia. 
But notice how these leaders claim to speak for 'North America.' 
Going global, they also declared, 'North America is committed to joint and coordinated actions to implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, including the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Addis Ababa Action Agenda.' 
This is U.N.-speak for global taxes and other forms of foreign aid from the U.S. to the rest of the world. 
We noted in a column last year that the American people, through their elected representatives, have had absolutely no input in developing the new global agenda that President Obama has tried to implement without the input or approval of Congress. 
Interestingly, one of those deeply involved in this global agenda, as we noted at the time, was John Podesta, the chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign who previously served as counselor to Obama. Podesta's emails are at the center of the WikiLeaks disclosures about the operations of the Clinton campaign, the Clinton Foundation and the Democratic Party. 
Podesta, founder of the George Soros-funded Center for American Progress and a member of the elitist Trilateral Commission , went to work for Obama as a senior policy consultant on climate change. A liberal Catholic, he has been a professor at Georgetown Law School. One of the leaked emails shows Podesta saying that he applauds the work of Pope Francis on climate change and that 'all my Jesuit friends say the Pope is the real deal.' 
Podesta was picked by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to be a member of the 'high-level panel' of 'eminent persons' planning the future of the globe. This so-called 'High Level Panel on the Post-2015 Development Agenda' released an 81-page report titled, 'A New Global Partnership: Eradicate Poverty and Transform Economies through Sustainable Development.' 
'In simplest terms,' explains Patrick Wood, author of Technocracy Rising: The Trojan Horse of Global Transformation , 'Sustainable Development is a replacement economic system for capitalism and free enterprise. It is a system based on resource allocation and usage rather than on supply and demand and free economic market forces.' 
In this context, Wood argues that the major significance of the transfer of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) is not the immediate need by the U.N. or some countries to censor websites, but to generate revenue for global purposes. ICANN will do this, he argues, through management of the so-called Internet of Things (IoT), the links between the Internet and networks, electronic devices and embedded technology with IP addresses. 'IoT are the connections between inanimate objects and the humans that depend upon them,' he notes. To accomplish this, ICANN has devised a new IP numbering system called IPV6, described as the ' vital expansion ' of the Internet. 
'In terms of 'follow the money,' IoT is expected to generate upwards of $3 trillion by 2025 and is growing at a rate of at least 30 percent per year,' Wood argues . 'In other words, it is a huge market and money is flying everywhere. If the UN can figure out a way to tax this market, and they will, it will provide a windfall of income and perhaps enough to make it self-perpetuating.' 
He adds, 'Congress never understood this when they passively let Obama fail to renew our contract with ICANN. However, Obama and his globalist handlers understood it perfectly well, which makes the deception and treachery of it even worse.' 
Under the cover of 'sustainable development,' Wood predicts the Internet will be used to construct a massive database on human activities, in order to monitor and control nations' and peoples' access to resources. It will constitute ultimate socialist control and a form of 'digital slavery,' from which he warns there may be no return. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0

ARTICLE

  Media Blackout: Hundreds Of Black Teens Attack Temple Students, Police And A Horse (Video) Media Blackout: Hundreds Of Black Teens Attack Temple Students, Police And A Horse (Video) October 27, 2016, 6:24 pm by Guest Author Leave a Comment 1 
By: Renee Nal | New Zeal Still photograph of Temple university attack 
In a story that predictably did not make the mainstream media, and with video surveillance very difficult to find, a massive mob of black teens viciously attacked white Temple University students, police officers and even a police horse in Philadelphia on Friday night. 
And their apologists are in full force. 
In the limited local coverage this story did receive, the race aspect was generally avoided. It is way past time to take back the media, and fill it with truth-tellers, not apologists. 
'More than 150 teens, spread out in groups of 20 or 30, descended upon the campus at around 8:30 p.m. Friday — wreaking havoc for nearly two hours before eventually dispersing,' according to NBC 10 . Temple News reported that 'multiple students were hurt and businesses had to close Friday evening due to a 'flash mob' of nearly 200 minors that flocked North Broad Street near Main Campus, police said.' 
But there is a reason for all of this horror, according to Solomon Jones of Philly.com . It evidently boils down to the socialist Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under "Key Links in our Chains," below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA ("progressive" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, " Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment " and our earlier, "Marxist President's Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic "sense" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.

ARTICLE

  Iowa Berniecrat Chris Schwartz Claims That His House Was Vandalized By Christians Iowa Berniecrat Chris Schwartz Claims That His House Was Vandalized By Christians October 29, 2016, 8:38 am by Terresa Monroe-Hamilton Leave a Comment 0 
By: Renee Nal | New Zeal Vandalized sign posted by Chris Schwartz on Facebook 
Iowan Chris Schwartz has alleged that vandalism found at his property on Thursday is the work of citizens influenced by 'hateful rhetoric' of a Christian patriot group who vocally opposes his run for a seat on the Black Hawk County Board of Supervisors. 
Chris Schwartz is a socialist running as a democrat in Black Hawk County, Iowa. He is endorsed by Bernie Sanders' organization ' Our Revolution ' and is the state director of Americans for Democratic Action (ADA), an organization revealed as being used by communists to influence Democratic policy by former communist Marvin Treiger in Trevor Loudon's film, the ' Enemies Within .' 
Chris Schwartz was described at The Nation in 2007 as 'a recent graduate of the University of Northern Iowa and one of CAN's vocal leaders.' CAN is the Campus Antiwar Network , which is 'widely perceived to have been dominated by students from the ISO.' 
ISO stands for the International Socialist Organization , a Trotskyist, communist group. ISO is notorious for supporting the Palestinian and Arab causes in the Middle East and led many militant protests against America's war effort in Iraq. Additionally, virtually all leaders of the now-defunct CAN were members of ISO. In line with ISO policy, Schwartz was involved in anti-Israel activities and led an anti-Iraq war rally in support of Cindy Sheehan, who became a vocal critic of the Iraq war after her son was killed during his service in Iraq. 
ISO's website, SocialistWorker.org has quoted Chris Schwartz here and here . 
An insight into Chris Schwartz's anti-business, pro-government mentality is revealed in this 2011 blog post by Paul Deaton at the self-described 'online information resource for Iowa's progressive community:' 
'To wrap up the speakers, Chris Schwartz of Working Families Win, Iowa spoke, with a list of grievances about the government. He touched on the South Korea, Columbia and Panama free trade agreements and on building an 'infrastructure bank.' He opined that GMAC, a major employer in Waterloo, 'is a corrupt company,' and that the electrical grid 'can't handle new technologies.' He asserted many opinions, the most evident of which was that 'government should put people back to work.' Not once did he mention private companies in a favorable light. Some in the audience believe that government should not be the primary driver in putting people back to work. Schwartz had a different opinion.'

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / *Articles of the Bound* / Weekly Featured Profile – Randy Shannon Weekly Featured Profile – Randy Shannon October 31, 2016, 7:21 am by Trevor Loudon Leave a Comment 0 
KeyWiki.org Randy Shannon 
Randy Shannon is a Beaver County , Pennsylvania Democratic Party activist. 'A Democratic victory in 2016 with a bigger progressive caucus can tax Wall Street, end austerity and discrimination, and put the nation to work building the solar infrastructure we desperately need.' 
'We need progressives like Sanders, who support working families, running for President, for Senate, and for Congress wherever possible,' said Randy Shannon , convener of the Sanders for President PA Exploratory Committee. 
Randy Shannon was a student leader in the 1960's at Duke University . He left Duke to organize campus groups for labor, peace, women's equality and civil rights in the South as a staff member of the Southern Student Organizing Committee . In Nashville , he was a leader of the anti-Vietnam War movement and the Free Angela Davis campaign. He was an organizer for the National Welfare Rights Organization and led a local delegation to the 1972 Democratic Convention in Miami to fight for a $6400 guaranteed income. 
He ran in the TN 5th Congressional District Democratic primary in 1972 successfully targeting a right wing anti-busing candidate. He worked as a welder and organized rank and file workers as a member of Teamsters Local 327. He moved to Pittsburgh in 1976 and still works in the R&D sector of the basic materials industry. In PA he organized the Pittsburgh Youth Movement for Jobs , was active in the peace movement and progressive politics. 
In 1982, he moved to Beaver County and helped organize Beaver County Fightback , to defend the home ownership of unemployed steelworkers in the Ohio River Valley. He lead the Jesse Jackson campaign in the 4th and 22nd CDs of PA opening an office in Aliquippa in 1988. He also helped organize a ballot access campaign for Dennis Kucinich in 2004. He also helped organize the Beaver County Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament and is still active in Beaver County Peace Links . 
Up until 1991, Randy Shannon was a member of the Communist Party USA . 
Shannon helped organize the first Citizens Congressional Hearing on Medicare for All, chaired by Rep. Dennis Kucinich in Aliquippa , PA in May 2005 and was an early advocate in Progressive Democrats of America for Medicare for All. He has worked for ten years building a local chapter of PDA that reflects the progressive coalition of minority, labor and progressive activists. For the last nine years he has been a member of the National Coordinating Committee of the Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism and a member of Democratic Socialists of America . 
Randy Shannon attended the 6th National Convention of the Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism (CCDS) at San Francisco's Whitcomb Hotel, July 23-26, 2009. 
The 'Building the Progressive Majority: Race, Class and Gender' plenary discussion began a series of panel and workshop discussions. The plenary panel consisted of reports highlighting work of CCDS activists in the South, in the Heartland 'rustbelt states,' on the West Coast and New England and the East Coast. Randy Shannon's report on Western Pennsylvania and the dire conditions in the wake of de-industrialization was particularly moving. He described independent political work with groups like Progressive Democrats of America in raising the consciousness and unity of the working class and Black community, and then in turn ally with forces like the Congressional Progressive Caucus in the Congress to defeat the right and advance progressive planks in Obama's economic package. He stressed the importance of ending the wars and healthcare reform, especially HR 676 'Medicare for All.'

ARTICLE

  *Articles of the Bound* / Spy Scandals, Globalism and the Betrayal of America Spy Scandals, Globalism and the Betrayal of America November 1, 2016, 10:28 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
By: Cliff Kincaid | Accuracy in Media 
Our top educators like to think that worthwhile social movements only come from the left, such as Occupy Wall Street and Black Lives Matter. But the movement backing Donald J. Trump for president rejects most of what the left is preaching. These people see America losing its greatness, unique identity and national sovereignty. Hillary Clinton uses the campaign slogan 'Stronger Together,' which has a patriotic appeal. But she also termed half of Trump's supporters 'deplorable' and 'irredeemable.' She prefers the artificial George Soros-funded 'social movements' that back her campaign. 
By any objective measure, it can be argued that the stench of globalism is starting to affect everything, even perceptions of our founding documents. It may also invite foreign penetration into the highest levels of our government. 
Visitors to Independence Hall in Philadelphia are surprised to learn that the site of the adoption of our Declaration of Independence is now a World Heritage Site designated by the United Nations. A big plaque with the designation faces you after you get a lecture from the U.S. Park Service and prepare to enter the historic building. Referring to the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States, the United Nations declares , 'The universal principles of freedom and democracy set forth in these documents are of fundamental importance to American history and have also had a profound impact on law-makers around the world.' These are nice thoughts. But the U.N. is hardly a tribute to freedom and democracy. Ordinary patriotic Americans don't like the idea of the corrupt United Nations claiming some form of jurisdiction over Independence Hall. 
What's more, visitors to the Liberty Bell see a big picture of Nelson Mandela raising a clenched fist salute. The Mandela quotation that the Liberty Bell is 'a very significant symbol for the entire democratic world' is featured next to the photograph. These, too, are nice thoughts. But while Mandela presided over a democratic transition that turned the whites out of power in South Africa, revelations after his death proved that he was a secret member of the South African Communist Party. He had concealed his true motives and allegiances from those who elected him. South Africa is a member of the Russian orbit of nations, known as BRICS, and some of the remaining whites are fleeing. 
The 'Citizenship in the World' merit badge is now required for the highest rank in Scouting, Eagle Scout, with one of the requirements being, 'Explain what citizenship in the world means to you and what you think it takes to be a good world citizen.' 
What Hillary Clinton is trying to carry forward is something that her husband talked openly about in 2003. In his 'Global Challenges' speech , former President Clinton outlined a form of world government. 'We cannot continue to live in a world where we grow more and more and more interdependence, and we have no over-arching system to have the positive elements of interdependence outweigh the negative ones,' he said. He went on to say, '…I think the great mission of 21st Century world is to make it a genuine global community. To move from mere interdependence to integration, to a community that has three characteristics: shared responsibilities, shared benefits, and shared values.' 
That 'over-arching system' includes strengthening the United Nations, a process still underway, and currently using the alleged threat of 'climate change' to build up the power of this world body and move toward a 'genuine global community.' 
As president, Clinton had sent a June 22, 1993 letter congratulating the members of the World Federalist Association for meeting to give Strobe Talbott the annual Norman Cousins Global Governance Award. 'Norman Cousins worked for world peace and world government,' Clinton said. Talbott, a former Time magazine columnist and U.S. diplomat who served in Clinton's administration, was a 'voice for global harmony,' Clinton said. As a Time magazine writer, Talbott had written a column openly calling for world government. Now the head of the Brookings Institution, Talbott had direct but confidential contacts with Hillary Clinton when she was secretary of state, according to recent WikiLeaks disclosures. The book, Comrade J: The Untold Secrets of Russia's Master Spy in America After the End of the Cold War , documents questionable contacts between Talbott and the Russian intelligence service. Mrs. Clinton spoke to the same World Federalist group in 1999, congratulating former CBS Evening News anchorman Walter Cronkite upon his receipt of the Norman Cousins award. 
Yet, Talbott's continuing relationship with Hillary Clinton is not a subject that alarms the major media. 
However, the disclosure that the FBI discovered some of Hillary Clinton's emails on the Huma Abedin/Anthony Weiner computer could also have national security implications. Were these emails shared with or hacked by our foreign adversaries? Tragically, the American people may not have the answer to this question by Election Day, November 8. But the carelessness of the arrangement is such that we have to suspect the worst, and that Hillary Clinton and her top aide, Huma Abedin, are at the very least, security risks. It could become the biggest spy scandal since Alger Hiss, the former State Department official who was exposed as a Soviet spy. He happened to be a founder of the United Nations. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0

ARTICLE

  We are Gulag Bound / *Resisters' Log* / #LoudonClear: Tonight's Special Guest Tim Burton #LoudonClear: Tonight's Special Guest Tim Burton November 1, 2016, 9:31 am by Trevor Loudon Leave a Comment 0 
New Zeal 
'In a free and open democracy, we should be allowed to talk about anything.'– Tim Burton 
On #LoudonClear Thursday night, Trevor Loudon hosts Tim Burton, a special guest from across the pond who has been a vocal critic of Islam's impact on the West, which has put him afoul of 2006 legislation in England 'criminalizing racial and religious hatred' for tweeting that Fiyaz Mughal of Islamophobia-measuring group Tell Mama was a 'mendacious taqiyya-artist.' 
Burton was charged with 'racially aggravated harassment.' Burton successfully made the case that 'taqiyya' was not a racial slur, as argued by the court. 
In fact, if one is advancing the cause of Islam, 'taqiyya' is a duty, as noted by host Trevor Loudon. 
Burton points out that criticism of Islam is 'not allowed' in England and is again facing charges, but this time from a higher court! 
Please listen and support Tim Burton: Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under "Key Links in our Chains," below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA ("progressive" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, " Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment " and our earlier, "Marxist President's Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic "sense" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.

ARTICLE

  *Articles of the Bound* / Russian Operations Inside the United States Russian Operations Inside the United States November 1, 2016, 10:02 am by Denise Simon Leave a Comment 0 
By: Denise Simon | Founders Code 
This site has posted countless articles on Russia clandestine operations around the world and the blueprint for what Putin's ultimate objective may be. Putin not only affects the United States but the UK spy chief is declaring the same thing. 
MI5 head: 'increasingly aggressive' Russia a growing threat to UK 
Exclusive: In first newspaper interview given by a serving spy chief, Andrew Parker talks of terror, espionage and balance between secrecy and privacy Andrew Parker said Russia was 'using its whole range of state organs and powers to push its foreign policy abroad in increasingly aggressive ways'. Photograph: Jeff Overs/BBC/PA 
Denial is a dangerous conditions and facts matter. 
During the last months of the United States presidential campaigns, much has been investigated and written about how Moscow has injected itself into the process least of which is hacking….and the Kremlin does have global hacking operations without dispute. 
Hillary and her team are targeting Donald Trump for his Russian connections and that is followed by Harry Reid saying the same. Intelligence briefings are given weekly to key members of Congress that have chairman positions on certain committees and Trump has been included in those . Two media outlets, Slate and the New York Times have provided some deep summaries of investigations between Trump and a Russian bank surrounding a server. White Hats performed these studies. 
Then there is Hillary herself and at least two events for which she colluded with Russia. Secretary Clinton approved the Open Skies Treaty with Moscow but worse she was the marshal of the agreement with the Kremlin and an IT company called Skolkovo . This company is a high tech espionage operation. Due to WikiLeaks we cannot leave out Hillary chief campaign architect, John Podesta for his investments with Russian oligarchs. 
Do we have such a short memory that we have deported countless Russian spies back to the motherland? Brooklyn Resident And Two Russian Nationals Arrested In Connection With Scheme To Illegally Export Controlled Technology To Russia Defendants Used Brooklyn-Based Front Companies to Procure Sophisticated Military and Satellite Technology on Behalf of Russian End-Users 
It must be noted with distinction that the FBI is the only agency that assigns agents to run covert operations to track foreign operatives. It is also noted that James Comey has stopped short of his own declaration as to whether Russia is involved in missions inside the United States when several other agencies have published statements that Russia has operations inside the United States. What Comey may be covering is a real time and ongoing mission to track and trace more than one case dealing with Russian intrusion and he does not want that cover blown. That is how it works. 
Now, lets go back to Putin himself and the recent changes he has made to his own intelligence agencies, obviously we need reminders. 
**** Vladimir Putin resurrects the KGB The new agency revives the name of Stalin's secret police and will be larger and more powerful than today's FSB. By Owen Matthews 
Politico/MOSCOW — Soon after he was first appointed prime minister back in 1999, Vladimir Putin joked to an audience of top intelligence officers that a group of undercover spies, dispatched to infiltrate the government, was 'successfully fulfilling its task.' 
It turns out Putin doesn't do jokes. Over Putin's years in power, not just the Kremlin but almost every branch of the Russian state has been taken over by old KGB men like himself. 
Last week news broke that their resurgence is soon to be topped off with a final triumph — the resurrection of the old KGB itself. According to the Russian daily Kommersant, a major new reshuffle of Russia's security agencies is under way that will unite the FSB (the main successor agency to the KGB) with Russia's foreign intelligence service into a new super-agency called the Ministry of State Security — a report that, significantly, wasn't denied by the Kremlin or the FSB itself. 
The new agency, which revives the name of Stalin's secret police between 1943 and 1953, will be as large and powerful as the old Soviet KGB, employing as many as 250,000 people. 
The creation of the new Ministry of State Security represents a 'victory for the party of the Chekists,' said Moscow security analyst Tatyana Stanovaya, referring to the first Bolshevik secret police. The important difference is that, at its core, the reshuffle marks Putin's asserting his own personal authority over Russia's security apparatus. 
Putin, who in 2004 said that 'there is no such thing as a former KGB man,' has always had a complicated relationship with the FSB. 
On the one hand, Putin has allowed the FSB to absorb pieces of the old KGB, chopped off when Boris Yeltsin tried to dismantle the once all-powerful Soviet security apparatus in the early 1990s. Under Putin, the FSB regained control over Russia's borders, border troops, and electronic intelligence gathering. At the same time, former KGB men began their takeover of every institution of state, as well as Russian businesses. 
But at the same time, Putin has made several attempts to reform and control the FSB. In 2007 he put his close ally Viktor Cherkesov in charge of the Federal Anti-Drug Agency and tasked it with investigating the murky business dealings of top FSB officers. When Cherkesov's clean-up failed, Putin built up another rival security agency, the Investigative Committee, and tasked it, rather than the FSB, with investigating high-profile political murders like those of journalist Anna Politkovskaya and opposition politician Boris Nemtsov. 
'The aim in all cases seems to be to replace old-guard Putin allies with younger, more loyal and less independent figures.' 
Now, however, Putin seems to have put that divide-and-rule policy into reverse and is instead consolidating power into a pair of super-agencies: the National Guard — created in July, that united internal security troops under the Kremlin's control — and now the new Ministry of State Security. Putin will personally control these super-agencies. 
'On the night of September 18 to 19 … the country went from authoritarian to totalitarian,' wrote former liberal Duma deputy Gennady Gudkov on his Facebook page . 
Further evidence of Putin's gathering of power into his own hands is an ongoing purge launched over the summer that has already claimed the heads of the Federal Narcotics Service, Federal Protection Service (Putin's bodyguard), the Federal Migration Service and Russian Railways, as well as the president's Chief of Staff and personal confidant Sergei Ivanov. 
The aim in all cases seems to be to replace old-guard Putin allies with younger, more loyal and less independent figures. The same pattern has been repeated among regional governors — four of whom have recently been sacked, and two replaced by Putin's personal bodyguards. Protect the regime 
The creation of the Ministry of State Security is part of a 'project aimed at replacing old allies with new ones,' said independent Moscow-based analyst Stanislav Belkovsky. Putin 'dislikes being surrounded by people who feel untouchable because of their personal closeness to him. He doesn't want to have anything to do with his old friends, he wants people who can execute his will.' 
He's even selected a hatchet man — Sergei Korolev, head of the FSB's economic security department — to prosecute and eliminate any independent voices in the new Security Ministry, said Belkovsky. 
The deeper significance of all these purges and reshuffles goes beyond just Kremlinology. They are clear signs of a regime bracing for trouble. Ever since oil prices began to tumble in 2013, the Kremlin has been preparing for unrest and discontent — primarily with the help of distractions such as annexing Crimea and the campaign in Syria. But Putin is preparing an iron fist too. 
'I can't remember a time when so many security service guys ascended to power at once' — Dmitry Gudkov, State Duma 
'The KGB, it should be remembered, was not a traditional security service in the Western sense — that is, an agency charged with protecting the interests of a country and its citizens,' wrote security analyst Andrei Soldatov , founder of the Agentura.Ru website. 'Its primary task was protecting the regime. Its activities included hunting down spies and dissidents and supervising media, sports, and even the church. It ran operations both inside and outside the country but, in both spheres, the main task was always to protect the interests of whoever currently resided in the Kremlin.' 
That's precisely what the Kremlin needs today as inflation remains in double digits and Russian business remains cut off from international financial markets and investment by Western sanctions over Ukraine. 
'I can't remember a time when so many security service guys ascended to power at once,' Dmitry Gudkov , an independent State Duma deputy, wrote of the summer's purges on his Facebook page. 'We don't know anything about these people's management expertise. Preparing the guns for battle, closing ranks — this is what these appointments are all about. [The Kremlin] can't trust anyone but those in uniform.' 'Terminator 2' 
And there's a final, more personal reason for Putin's purge and revival of the Ministry of State Security. 
'In some ways, this is a sign of Putin's strength, because he feels confident enough to full, personal, authoritarian rule,' said Belkovsky, who advised the Kremlin in the mid-2000s. 'It's also a sign of weakness because the reason behind it is to defuse the possibility of a palace coup.' Putin is a 'man of systems and institutions' according to Belkovsky and, as such, knows his allies are also the greatest threats to his rule. 
In creating the super ministry, Putin is completing a full 25-year circle. When Boris Yeltsin came to power in 1991 in the wake of a hardline coup against Mikhail Gorbachev largely sponsored by the KGB and its boss, Vladimir Kryuchkov, Russia's new leader attempted to create a security agency that would not meddle in politics or society and confine itself strictly to law enforcement. 
Yeltsin failed. According to Soldatov, by the mid-1990s 'various component parts and functions of the old KGB had begun to make their way back to the FSK, like the liquid metal of the killer T-1000 android in 'Terminator 2' … slowly reconstituting itself after having been blown to bits.' 
Now those bits have finally coalesced into a full-fledged replica of the original — but with one important difference. The new Ministry of State Security has been designed specifically as a guarantor of Putin's rule. 
Whoever heads the new ministry will certainly be an important political player — but it's clear that the true head of both the Russian state and its new, consolidated security organs will be Putin himself. 
That hasn't happened since the rule of Yuri Andropov, KGB head-turned general secretary between 1982-84. He presided over a collapse in oil prices, a war in Afghanistan designed to boost the regime's popularity that quickly turned disastrous, and finally an accelerating economic crisis that no amount of repression or propaganda could prevent from snowballing into collapse and revolution. 
Putin is hoping that this time round, harsher repression and smarter propaganda will save him from the same fate. 
*** As Russian spies play rough, ignoring Putin's war against the West will only make it nastier 0

ARTICLE

  NORTH CAROLINA: Top Democratic Donor – Blacks Are 'Seriously F***Ed In The Head' [VIDEO] NORTH CAROLINA: Top Democratic Donor – Blacks Are 'Seriously F***Ed In The Head' [VIDEO] November 2, 2016, 3:39 pm by Terresa Monroe-Hamilton Leave a Comment 0 
NoisyRoom.net 
In North Carolina , a major donor to US Senate candidate Deborah Ross, was caught on video by Project Veritas saying some very disturbing things. He compared black Republicans to Jews helping Nazis during the Holocaust. Benjamin Barber also said that blacks are 'seriously f***ed in the head.' 
James O'Keefe and Project Veritas have been relentless in exposing Democrats and the left this election cycle. They've done terrific work, much to the chagrin of Barber. Benjamin and Leah Barber were caught on undercover video at a fundraiser for Ross. They are also major donors to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. Figures. 
First up in the video is Ross comparing voter ID laws to racist Jim Crow laws in the South. Then the conversation with the Barbers began. And it was a doozy. 
'It doesn't make sense,' Leah Barber said about African Americans who support Republicans. 'You're voting against your self-interest. In the name of change, what is the change that they want to see?' 
From PJ Media : 
In a new video released today by Project Veritas Action, a top Democratic donor is caught on camera horribly maligning Republican blacks at a fundraiser for North Carolina U.S. Senate candidate Deborah Ross. In the video, Benjamin Barber, a prominent Ross and Clinton donor, compares blacks who vote Republican to Nazis at the fundraiser for Ross on the Upper West Side of New York City on September 19, 2016. 
'Have you heard of the Sonderkommandos? Jewish guards who helped murder Jews in the camps. So there were even Jews that were helping the Nazis murder Jews! So blacks who are helping the other side are seriously fucked in the head,' Barber said. 'They're only helping the enemy who will destroy them. Maybe they think 'if I help them we'll get along okay; somehow I'll save my race by working with the murderers.'' 
The irony here is rich considering the sordid history of George Soros , another prominent big Democrat donor who literally was a Jewish Nazi collaborator as a teenager during World War II in his native Budapest, Hungary. 
An analogy of the Sonderkommandos… work units in Nazi death camps? This guy just trashed African Americans and Jews. What an asshat. The death camps were usually composed of Jewish males, forced to dispose of bodies from the gas chambers. They did not assist with the killings themselves. Assertions otherwise are obscene. 
Project Veritas showed the video to some religious leaders and others in the black community who were shocked by the contents of the video. 
'I think that Deborah Ross has shown her true colors. If this is not a, if that… what you just showed me is not racism and condescending and basically calling blacks stupid and ignorant and saying that we are voting against our own self-interest if we support any Republican. I am appalled. I am incensed. Deborah Ross should be called to task for something like that,' said Bishop Wooden, a black voter in North Carolina. 
No one should be shocked by this… the undercurrent of racism and Antisemitism has always been out there for the Democrats. You just got to see some honesty for a change instead of the usual pandering. Disgusting and revealing. 0

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / *Articles of the Bound* / WARNING IOWA! List of Socialists running as Democrats WARNING IOWA! List of Socialists running as Democrats November 3, 2016, 12:26 pm by Guest Author Leave a Comment 0 
By: Renee Nal | New Zeal Marxist birds of a feather… 
IOWA, do not vote until you read this! 
As revealed in Trevor Loudon's film the Enemies Within , the democrat party has been compromised by subversive socialist groups, including labor unions, that seek to fundamentally transform America. While socialist Bernie Sanders did not win the democratic nomination for president, his surrogates are hard at work scheming to force as many socialists into office as possible. 
See the below list of socialists who are posing as Democrats in Iowa. 
Our Revolution, Brand New Congress (who has not yet announced their candidates) – and Berniecrats , a compilation of socialist candidates – are just a few of the socialist organizations focused on infusing local, state and federal government with socialists. Related to Iowa specifically, the local affiliates of the AFL-CIO and Americans for Democratic Action also endorse socialists running as democrats. 
There are many other subversive organizations providing funding and other support to radical left-wing candidates, such as Emily's List , Human Rights Campaign and Council for a Livable World . 
Here is the list exclusively for Iowa, sorted by organization:* Tim Kacena , Iowa 14 State Representative 
Berniecrats (socialist candidates endorsed by Bernie Sanders, or have endorsed Bernie Sanders): Mason McCoy , State Representative, IA, 3rd District Timothy Kacena , State Representative, IA, 14th District Gary Kroeger , State Representative, IA, 60th District Teresa Meyer , State Representative, IA, 63rd District Joe Stutler , County Auditor, IA, Linn Co. Jason T. Lewis , County Supervisor, IA, Johnson Co. Rod Sullivan , County Supervisor, IA, Johnson Co. Kurt Friese , County Supervisor, IA, Johnson Co. Chris Schwartz , County Supervisor, IA, Black Hawk Co. Monica Vernon , U.S. House, Iowa 
*Note, many of these candidates are endorsed by – and receive funding and support by – multiple subversive organizations. 
Read More: Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under "Key Links in our Chains," below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA ("progressive" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, " Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment " and our earlier, "Marxist President's Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic "sense" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / We are Gulag Bound / *Resisters' Log* / Jimmy Kimmel Children's Book for Hillary Clinton – Donald Trump Parody Jimmy Kimmel Children's Book for Hillary Clinton – Donald Trump Parody November 4, 2016, 5:30 am by Terresa Monroe-Hamilton Leave a Comment 0 
This speaks for itself… Enjoy! 0 Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under "Key Links in our Chains," below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA ("progressive" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, " Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment " and our earlier, "Marxist President's Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic "sense" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.

ARTICLE

  *Articles of the Bound* / The Hillary Clinton File The Hillary Clinton File November 5, 2016, 6:37 am by Roger Aronoff Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
October certainly lived up to its reputation as being a month for surprises in this year's presidential election, especially for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. The media have done as much as they could to help minimize the damage, but a massive amount of new information came out that has confirmed and revealed a pattern of deceit, duplicity and corruption, unmatched in any presidential candidacy in modern times. 
October Surprises 
Until this recent information made its way into the public consciousness, the narrative for this upcoming election was largely intact. Hillary Clinton, the most intelligent, qualified, experienced, compassionate, and yes, the first ever female candidate was headed for an historic win. Sure, she had some people who didn't find her honest or trustworthy, but that was just because they spent too much time watching Fox News or listening to conservative talk radio. Her opponent—a crude, rude, undisciplined, tax dodging, female-groping, reality television star with a checkered business career—was going down to defeat in historic fashion, while taking down what's left of the Republican Party he did so much to destroy. 
But with just one week until the most anticipated, feared, dreaded, controversial, shocking and unpredictable campaign in history comes to an end, and we enter the uncharted waters of a post-election that, if the race is close, could be a period of massive civil unrest regardless of which candidate wins—the narrative is in flux. For example, a Washington Post/ABC News tracking poll has shifted in one week from a 12-point lead by Mrs. Clinton, down to a one point lead. And as of November 1, Trump holds a one-point lead in that survey . Both sides largely view the other side's victory as the end of the world as we know it, and simply unacceptable. 
Despite the media's best efforts to hold off this late rally by Trump, the cumulative effect of these various October Surprises has dramatically changed the landscape. While some aren't complete surprises, they are corroboration and confirmation of a number of very damaging stories. First, we have the WikiLeaks revelations. At this point, with the latest release, there are more than 41,000 emails from what WikiLeaks is calling the Podesta file. John Podesta is a long-time Clinton associate who is the chairman of Hillary's presidential campaign. He also served as chief of staff to former President Bill Clinton and counselor to President Barack Obama. And he is the former president, and now chairman of the Center for American Progress, a far-left Washington think tank. 
The latest batch of 2,500 of Podesta's emails has produced another major smoking gun, as if any more are needed. The New York Post is reporting that: 
'Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman directed her former chief of staff to 'dump all those emails' the same day a bombshell report revealed Clinton's use of a private computer server while U.S. secretary of state, WikiLeaks revealed on Tuesday. 
'John Podesta sent the message to Cheryl Mills the evening of March 2, 2015, hours after the New York Times reported that Clinton may have violated federal records requirements by using the server, according to the latest batch of Podesta's hacked emails.' 
This sounds like intent to destroy evidence, and obstruct justice. 
In these leaks we have learned much about how the Clinton Foundation leveraged Mrs. Clinton's position as secretary of state to benefit her and the foundation, to bring massive wealth to the Clintons and their cronies, as well as foreign governments and other entities seeking access and favors. We have learned that many people in high-ranking positions in the Obama administration were using their private email accounts to conceal what they wanted to keep hidden from Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests. Here is a very handy list of 100 of the most revealing and damaging of the hacked WikiLeaks emails. They aren't all from Podesta. Some are from FBI documents, others are from Democratic National Committee leaks. 
We continue to find out information from FOIA documents released by Judicial Watch , including a new batch of over 300 such documents that show how Hillary Clinton and her top aide Huma Abedin exchanged classified materials over Mrs. Clinton's unsecured, home-brew server. According to Judicial Watch, these latest documents include: 
'According to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) exemptions cited in the documents obtained by Judicial Watch, three of the Clinton-Abedin email exchanges contained material 'classified to protect national security.' 
'Also included in the newly obtained documents is an additional instance of the State Department doing special favors for a high-dollar Clinton Foundation donor. And the documents include instances of the distribution by State Department officials of Clinton's government schedule to members of the Clinton Foundation staff.' 
Project Veritas, run by James O'Keefe, has exposed the inner workings of the Democratic machine in action. It has documented direct ties between Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic National Committee, a Clinton super PAC and far-left activist groups paying people to violently disrupt Donald Trump's campaign rallies, and help arrange voter fraud in various ways. This is criminal activity that is getting virtually no attention in the media, other than through sites such as Breitbart, and Sean Hannity on his Fox News and radio shows. The media, if they mention it at all, simply say that it comes from the 'discredited' O'Keefe, that the video has been edited, and that O'Keefe has previously been convicted of a crime while doing some of his undercover videos. They ignore the substance, which is extremely damning. Photo by BrookingsInst 
The FBI is responsible for yet another October Surprise. On October 28, FBI Director James Comey dropped a bombshell with just 11 days to go before the election. He announced in a letter to Congress that new information had come to his attention about additional emails that they were previously unaware of that may have bearing on the Hillary Clinton email probe that he had said was completed back in July. It turns out that there were some 650,000 emails from and to Hillary's top aide of approximately 20 years, Huma Abedin, the estranged wife of former New York Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner, who is under investigation by the FBI for alleged sexting with a minor. 
Before that, the FBI summary of their investigation revealed that Clinton 'couldn't remember' 40 times during her three-and-a-half hour interview with the FBI on the Fourth of July weekend. She couldn't remember, for example, if she had been briefed on protocols for handling classified material. According to the FBI summary, 'Clinton could not recall any briefing or training by State related to the retention of federal records or handling of classified information.' 
The Clinton Legacy from the '90s 
While Hillary Clinton's recent history has been plagued by scandal and failure, the recent debacles are not so different from the period of time that she and her husband spent in the White House back in the 1990s. We documented much of that corruption in the 1999 documentary, 'The Clinton Legacy,' which we are re-releasing with this new report. 
While most people remember Bill Clinton's impeachment and scandals as being based on sex with an intern and lying about it under oath, there was more—much, much more. FileGate, TravelGate, and Whitewater each exposed Clinton administration corruption wherein the administration inappropriately housed FBI files in the White House, worked with corrupt individuals under criminal investigation, and generally used the full force of government, including the Internal Revenue Service, to retaliate against dissenters or those they did not favor. 
ChinaGate, which resulted in greater Chinese nuclear strike capabilities, foreshadowed the revelations regarding Russia's uranium purchase , and highlighted the dangers of the Clinton Foundation's ongoing foreign conflicts of interest. It involved the handing over of missile technology in exchange for cash to the Clintons and their cronies. 
With the help of Reid Collins, a reporter and anchor for CBS News for 20 years, and at CNN for 10 years, we tell the story of those years. People forget how bad these scandals really were, and we at AIM believed that had these been on the table, not only would Bill Clinton have been impeached, he would have been removed from office as well. As it was, half the Senate voted to remove him from office, but the Democrats came to his rescue. 
Now both Democrats and the media are working on behalf of Hillary Clinton to obscure the facts surrounding a number of scandals which could undermine her bid for president. 
Libya and Benghazi 
As we have noted, Hillary Clinton claimed a prominent position in the Libyan intervention which led to the overthrow of dictator Muammar Qaddafi. Her aide, Jake Sullivan, wrote that she had 'leadership/ownership/stewardship of this country's Libya policy from start to finish.' 
Does that mean that Mrs. Clinton had a part in sending weapons to the Libyan rebels? Citizens' Commission on Benghazi (CCB) member, and former CIA officer, Clare Lopez told WorldNetDaily that 'We have ample evidence the Libyan gun-running operation was a White House operation and that the State Department under Hillary Clinton ran the show.' Many of these so called rebels were known al-Qaeda affiliated jihadist groups, which is why we called our first CCB report, ' How America Switched Sides in the War on Terror .' 
But Hillary Clinton's involvement in Libya has been more than an embarrassment—it has actually cost lives. The Obama/Clinton administration was offered a chance to negotiate Qaddafi's abdication under a white flag of truce, as the CCB revealed. But they refused the offer, choosing war instead, and thousands of Libyans died as a result. Later, when four Americans were killed in Benghazi on September 11 and 12, 2012, Hillary was peddling the lie that the attack was based on spontaneous demonstrations in response to a YouTube video called 'The Innocence of Muslims.' She knew that it was, in fact, a planned terrorist attack by jihadis, and said so to her daughter, and top officials in both Libya and Egypt. She then lied to the family members of the dead Americans, telling them that we were going to get the filmmaker of 'The Innocence of Muslims,' who she said was responsible for their deaths. 
Ever since the West's intervention that prompted regime change concluded, Libya has devolved into a conflict-ridden haven for the Islamic State and other terrorists. AIM's Citizens' Commission on Benghazi has thoroughly documented this tragic blunder. 
Russian Reset 
Mrs. Clinton's Russian reset hasn't fared much better. As we have reported, President Obama and Hillary Clinton's Russian re-set policy paved the way for Russian aggression in Syria and Ukraine, as well as 'Vladimir Putin's decision to give sanctuary to NSA defector Edward Snowden,' whose leaks have helped ISIS. 
Back in 2014, Reuters admitted that the Russian reset had failed and that the 'Cold War' was back . Now, with Mrs. Clinton running for president, the media portray her international experience as secretary of state as a grand success. The New York Times, in its January endorsement of Hillary , wrote that 'The combination of a new president who talked about inclusiveness and a chief diplomat who had been his rival but shared his vision allowed the United States to repair relations around the world that had been completely trashed by the previous administration.' They asserted that Hillary 'brought star power as well as expertise to the table.' 
Clinton Foundation Corruption 
Other things that Hillary Clinton brought to the table included a number of conflicts of interest and an endless string of donors who may have benefited from her term as secretary of state. As we reported, Peter Schweizer, author of Clinton Cash , wrote, 'Any serious journalist or investigator will tell you that proving corruption by a political figure is extremely difficult.' He continues, '…That is also why investigators primarily look at patterns of behavior.' 
In the case of the Clintons, the pattern of behavior is stunning. We have called it ' blatant, willful, and indisputable ' due to the growing number of examples of favors that were done, and donations accepted, while Hillary was secretary of state. The Associated Press reported that 'More than half the people outside the government who met with Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state gave money—either personally or through companies or groups—to the Clinton Foundation.' Hundreds of millions of dollars were involved. According to the AP, 'Clinton met with representatives of at least 16 foreign governments that donated as much as $170 million to the Clinton charity, but they were not included in AP's calculations because such meetings would presumably have been part of her diplomatic duties.' 
In 2015, the Clinton Foundation announced that it would amend four years of tax returns because of an error in how it reported income from foreign government donations, according to Breitbart. The years refiled just happened to include most of the years that Mrs. Clinton served as Secretary of State—2010 through 2013—and involved $20 million. 
While Trump University has garnered significant attention from the media, Laureate Education has received much less mainstream press attention. As Honorary Chancellor of Laureate Education, Bill Clinton received more than $16 million that he routed through a shell corporation, WJC, LLC, as we have reported . Then, 'more than $55 million American taxpayer dollars flowed out of Hillary Clinton's State Department to a non-profit run by Laureate CEO Douglas Becker.' 
The recent WikiLeaks documents pertaining to Clinton campaign chair John Podesta reveal that Mrs. Clinton was invited to a Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) event in Marrakesh, Morocco in 2014. However, the Moroccan King Mohammed VI pledged $12 million to CGI and the foundation under the condition that Hillary Clinton attend the conference herself. 
Longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin writes in a November 2014 email that 'no matter what happens, she will be in Morocco hosting CGI on May 5-7, 2015. Her presence was a condition for the Moroccans to proceed so there is no going back on this.' 
Ultimately, Mrs. Clinton did not attend—but her husband and daughter did. According to The Daily Caller, the CGI event was funded by the Moroccan government-owned mining company OCP, which has been charged with serious human rights violations by the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice. 'Clinton vigorously supported the Moroccan King when she was Secretary of State and the U.S.-financed Export-Import Bank gave OCP a $92 million loan guarantee during her tenure as Secretary of State,' reports The Daily Caller. 'The mining company also contributed between $5 million to $10 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to the charity's web site.' 
And speaking of mining, this section wouldn't be complete without mention of the Uranium One deal. Breitbart reported that ' According to Clinton Cash [the book by Peter Schweizer] , the total donations from Uranium One shareholders to the Clinton Foundation exceeded $145 million, in the run-up to Hillary Clinton's State Department approving the Rosatom deal, which gave Russia control over about 20 percent of U.S. uranium.' The New York Times deserves credit for following up on Schweizer's reporting, and confirming his findings in a front-page story in 2015. 
The Clinton Foundation has also received a number of donations from human (and women's) rights violating countries, such as the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia and Qatar. The Clintons have committed to not receiving additional donations from foreign governments, corporations, or U.S. companies should Hillary Clinton become president. But until then, the foundation remains a way for bad actors to purchase future influence over this presidential candidate. 
Hillary also refused to discuss pay-for-play involving the Clinton Foundation—and talked over Donald Trump when he tried to comment on it. '…I'm thrilled to talk about the Clinton Foundation because it is a world renowned charity and I'm so proud of the work that it does,' said Hillary Clinton. 'I could talk for the rest of the debate.' She touted the foundation's achievements, but refused to address the lingering scent of scandal. '…we at the Clinton Foundation spend 90 percent of all the money that is donated on behalf of programs for people around the world and in our own country,' she said at the debate. In fact, Schweizer claims that only 'six percent goes to other charities,' according to Breitbart. 'The other 94 percent is in this stew of marketing, and management, and travel expenses, and sort of all these obscure things, that it's really hard to dissect what is the end result of that 94 percent being spent.' 
But don't look to the mainstream media to broach these issues. Instead, the spotlight is on Trump. And those media elites who donate to presidential campaigns overwhelmingly support Mrs. Clinton. 
Media Collaboration with Clinton and Obama 
Despite the need for a fair, balanced, and objective press, we have cited the fact that 96 percent of the journalist donations tracked by the Center for Public Integrity went to Hillary Clinton's campaign. Politico's Jack Shafer recounts how the WikiLeaks emails expose journalists trying to curry favor with the Clintons through compliments and sharing information about stories not yet published. 'Reading the emails, we witness CNBC/ New York Times contributor John Harwood slathering Podesta with flattery, giving him campaign advice and praising Hillary Clinton,' writes Shafer. 'In another email, the Washington Post 's Juliet Eilperin offers Podesta a 'heads up' about a story she's about to publish, providing a brief pre-publication synopsis.' In addition, 'CNBC's Becky Quick promises to 'defend' Obama appointee Sylvia Mathews Burwell.' 
The list of embarrassing—and disturbing—media cozying up to the Clintons goes on. 'POLITICO reporter Glenn Thrush sends Podesta a chunk of his story-in-progress 'to make sure I'm not [f—–g] anything up,'' writes Shafer. 'Beyond WikiLeaks, a January 2015 Clinton strategy document obtained by the Intercept describes reporter Maggie Haberman—then at POLITICO and now at the New York Times —as someone the campaign 'has a very good relationship with,' and who had been called upon to 'tee up stories for us before' and had never disappointed.' Yet Shafer, as a member of the mainstream media, concludes that these Clinton-pandering media examples are fine—so long as the resultant reporting is 'creditable work that is accurate and useful to readers.' Shafer believes these reporters hit the mark, yet, as we have reported, some journalists question whether objectivity is even necessary or prudent during this election cycle. 
The reporting about Hillary Clinton has been so biased that journalists can hardly congratulate themselves for an accurate and useful job well done. The scandals mentioned above were largely covered by the conservative media, with a few notable exceptions . 
Yet media pundits such as ABC's George Stephanopoulos, who donated $75,000 to the Clinton Foundation , and journalists donating to the Clinton campaign, are working hard to disseminate false journalism which excuses or downplays these scandals. 
Just as the press panders to Hillary Clinton, so, too, the presidential candidate uses the many opportunities supplied by the mainstream media to pander both to the liberal elite and others watching this broadcast media love-fest. Consider, for example, the March 9 Democratic Debate featuring Univision's Jorge Ramos as a moderator. 'You're telling us tonight that if you become president you won't deport children who are already here?' he asked Mrs. Clinton. 'And that you won't deport immigrants who don't have a criminal record?' 
Hillary answered emphatically 'Yes' to both questions, engaging in what co-moderator Maria Elena Salinas called 'Hispandering.' But the question of criminal records for illegals is moot; currently the Obama administration is releasing dangerous criminal illegal aliens with no intention of deporting them, we noted back in June. 'Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX) told Adam Kredo of The Washington Free Beacon that 'the administration is trying to suppress information about the release of some 86,000 criminal illegal immigrants who have committed 231,000 crimes in just the past two and a half years,'' we wrote. 'The administration is not deporting these criminals after they are released from U.S. prisons, reports Kredo.' 
Duplicity 
An open borders policy already in the making threatens the safety of average Americans. Yet Mrs. Clinton wants to continue Obama's lax immigration policies if, or when, she gains office. 
While Hillary may claim now that she opposes the Trans-Pacific Partnership, she once said that the TPP 'sets the gold standard in trade agreements.' Now, as a presidential candidate, she says, 'I oppose it now, I'll oppose it after the election, and I'll oppose it as president.' 
Yet Mrs. Clinton told Banco Itau that her ' dream ' was 'a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, sometime in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.' Hillary said, in one of her many speeches to bankers, that she has both 'a public and a private position' on Wall Street reform. Perhaps her 'open trade and open borders' comment was yet another example of the presidential candidate holding a private opinion that is opposed to her public statements. Those speeches paid very well. Hillary collected nearly $22 million for 90 speeches in less than two years, between the time she left office as secretary of state until she announced she was running for the presidency. And that was just a fraction of the $153 million that she and Bill took in from speeches between the time they left the White House in 2001, and her announcement to run to get back into the White House. 
For example, despite railing against Wall Street and the elite, she has taken millions from big donors—and is indebted to them. 'Determined not to fall behind in the money race, Hillary Clinton ramped up her appeals to rich donors and shrugged off restrictions that President Obama had imposed on his fundraising team,' reports The Washington Post this October. 'Even as her advisers fretted about the perception that she was too cozy with wealthy interests, they agreed to let lobbyists bundle checks for her campaign, including those representing some foreign governments, the [WikiLeaks] emails show.' By the end of September, the Post reports, Mrs. Clinton had raised $1.14 billion. 'Unlike Obama, Clinton fully embraced super PACs from the very beginning of her race, helping pull in larger checks from donors than the president did.' 
Hillary Clinton has lied again and again. One of her most notable lies is about the national security scandal that is EmailGate, in which Mrs. Clinton not only used a private email server for her business as secretary of state, deleting half of the emails, but also sent and received classified information through that server. She demonstrably placed national security secrets at risk in order to hide her affairs from the public, yet FBI Director James Comey decided not to recommend prosecution . The fix was in . So why did Comey bring the case back up with just 11 days until the election? Several reports suggested that FBI agents who were furious at Comey's July announcement that he was recommending against an indictment, have now threatened to go public with the new information about Ms. Abedin's emails unless he agreed to do it himself. 
While the search for smoking guns implicating Hillary Clinton in criminal activity continues, through a mountain of emails, there are more than enough smoking guns hiding in plain sight. In a way, the endless search for a single smoking gun clouds the issue and makes it seem as if nothing consequential enough has so far been found. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
The record of Clinton scandal, for both of the Clintons, extends back through a number of administrations. It wasn't possible to cover all of the glorious legacy of Bill and Hillary Clinton in this one report. I encourage you to watch our documentary, 'The Clinton Legacy,' which exposes the sordid truth about several of the real Clinton scandals when they occupied the White House back in the 1990s. Roger Aronoff 
Roger Aronoff is the Editor of Accuracy in Media, and a member of the Citizens' Commission on Benghazi . He can be contacted at roger.aronoff@aim.org . View the complete archives from Roger Aronoff . 0

ARTICLE

  We are Gulag Bound / *Resisters' Log* / Election Countdown and the Russians, with Trevor Loudon Election Countdown and the Russians, with Trevor Loudon November 5, 2016, 9:06 am by Terresa Monroe-Hamilton Leave a Comment 0 
By: Cliff Kincaid | America's Survival 
Trevor Loudon talks abut his film, 'Enemies Within,' and Russian involvement in the November 8 election… 0 Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under "Key Links in our Chains," below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA ("progressive" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, " Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment " and our earlier, "Marxist President's Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic "sense" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.

ARTICLE

  FBI Director Confirms that Hillary Lied, and Mishandled Classified Material FBI Director Confirms that Hillary Lied, and Mishandled Classified Material November 8, 2016, 11:27 am by Roger Aronoff Leave a Comment 0 
By: Roger Aronoff | Accuracy in Media 
On Sunday, FBI Director James Comey sought to put a cap on the bottle he opened on October 28 when he announced that the FBI was once again investigating Hillary Clinton's emails, based on a device they had discovered containing what turned out to be approximately 650,000 emails. The device was the shared computer of sexting pervert and former congressman Anthony Weiner and his long suffering wife, Huma Abedin, top aide to Hillary Clinton and a woman with deep ties to the Muslim Brotherhood. 
Comey caused an uproar in the campaign, on both sides of the aisle. Democrats and their allies in the media were outraged that Comey would drop this bomb into the campaign with 11 days until the election, and not explain the urgency or the substance of his findings. Many Republicans, and their allies, who were outraged by Comey's conclusions back in July—namely that Hillary Clinton was guilty of serious violations of the law, but that he didn't believe that she had any criminal intent, nor that 'any reasonable prosecutor' would attempt to prosecute the case against her—were saying that maybe Comey was going to implicate Hillary in serious criminal activity after all. He wouldn't have reopened this matter, they believed, if he didn't have something new and serious that he had seen. 
Now, the roles are reversed again, with Democrats claiming that Comey's latest statement represents a complete vindication for Hillary, while Republicans are questioning the timing and point of the whole exercise. Did the FBI, even with their high-tech reading devices, actually go through 650,000 emails in a week, and conclude that there is no there there? And why is the State Department only able to process 500 emails per month? The wheels of justice seem to turn at whatever pace the Democrats need them to. 
I have a bit of a different take. In the November 6 letter to Congress, Comey stated: 
'I write to supplement my October 28, 2016 letter that notified you the FBI would be taking additional investigative steps with respect to former Secretary of State Clinton's use of a personal email server. Since my letter, the FBI investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails from a device obtained in connection with an unrelated criminal investigation. During that process, we reviewed all of the communications that were to or from Hillary Clinton while she was Secretary of State. 
'Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton.' 
While Comey did, in fact, argue back in July that he was not recommending an indictment or prosecution of Hillary, he also drew other 'conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton.' He had concluded that she lied when she said that she hadn't sent or received classified materials on her private, unsecured server. She lied when she said that nothing that she sent or received was marked classified. She lied when she said that she only used one device, when in fact she used at least 13 devices, at least two of which were destroyed by hammers. And she lied when she said that she had turned over all of her work-related emails. No, in fact Comey said that there were 'thousands' of work-related emails they found that she had not turned over. You can watch here to see Comey draw all of these 'conclusions' back in July. 
This is what the Clinton campaign is wearing as a badge of complete exoneration, and a closing of the books on her so-called email scandal, which is actually a national security scandal. As we have often pointed out, others have gone to jail, been fined, lost their security clearances and were run out of public life for far less egregious examples of mishandling classified material. 
Andy McCarthy, the former U.S. Attorney who successfully prosecuted the Blind Sheikh for his involvement in the first World Trade Center bombing, argued back in July that Comey basically rewrote the law. Comey 'conceded that former Secretary Clinton was 'extremely careless' and strongly suggested that her recklessness very likely led to communications (her own and those she corresponded with) being intercepted by foreign intelligence services.' 
McCarthy added that 'Comey recommended against prosecution of the law violations he clearly found on the ground that there was no intent to harm the United States.' 
'In essence,' wrote McCarthy, 'in order to give Mrs. Clinton a pass, the FBI rewrote the statute, inserting an intent element that Congress did not require. The added intent element, moreover, makes no sense: The point of having a statute that criminalizes gross negligence is to underscore that government officials have a special obligation to safeguard national defense secrets; when they fail to carry out that obligation due to gross negligence, they are guilty of serious wrongdoing. The lack of intent to harm our country is irrelevant. People never intend the bad things that happen due to gross negligence.' 
But this has been a corrupt process. The fix was in . It had to be to protect President Obama as well, who knowingly exchanged emails with Hillary on her private server. As Politico pointed out , 'President Barack Obama used a pseudonym in email communications with Hillary Clinton and others, according to FBI records…' Those FBI records, released in late September, confirmed what McCarthy had earlier predicted: 'As I explained in February,' wrote McCarthy, 'when it emerged that the White House was refusing to disclose at least 22 communications Obama had exchanged with then-secretary Clinton over the latter's private e-mail account, we knew that Obama had knowingly engaged in the same misconduct that was the focus of the Clinton probe: the reckless mishandling of classified information.' 
It is possible that America will be electing someone as president on Tuesday who has committed serious crimes that could all be wiped away by a presidential pardon. The media's failure to accurately cover this story could very well be the cause of a major constitutional crisis, the likes we've never witnessed before. Roger Aronoff 
Roger Aronoff is the Editor of Accuracy in Media, and a member of the Citizens' Commission on Benghazi . He can be contacted at roger.aronoff@aim.org . View   Roger Aronoff . 0

ARTICLE

  'People Power' Versus Manipulation of the Masses 'People Power' Versus Manipulation of the Masses November 7, 2016, 9:37 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
By: Cliff Kincaid | Accuracy in Media 
On November 8, the election will come down to Donald J. Trump's 'people power,' a largely spontaneous uprising of the 'silent majority,' against Hillary Clinton's scientific manipulation of the electorate, using personal data to identify and provoke people to go to the polls. In this effort, Mrs. Clinton has the support of the giant company Google and the president of its parent company, Eric Schmidt. Experts say the effort resembles how the Communist Chinese dictatorship monitors people and modifies their behavior through media manipulation and censorship of the Web. 
As Trump suggests, the election process seems 'rigged,' and the evidence has come in the form of another John Podesta email. 
One of the internal Clinton campaign emails disclosed by WikiLeaks shows that Schmidt, chairman of the Google parent company, offered a detailed campaign plan for the Clinton campaign. The April 15, 2014, message, addressed to Clinton aide Cheryl Mills, said, 'I have put together my thoughts on the campaign ideas and I have scheduled some meetings in the next few weeks for veterans of the campaign to tell me how to make these ideas better.' The details included 'Size, Structure and Timing' and a campaign budget of $1.5 billion, with more than '5000 paid employees and million(s) of volunteers.' The Schmidt email was sent along to several key Clinton people, including campaign chairman John Podesta. 
The plan examines how information is received and reviewed by voters, and what provokes them. Indeed, in a section titled 'The Voter,' Schmidt says, 'Key is the development of a single record for a voter that aggregates all that is known about them. In 2016 smart phones will be used to identify, meet, and update profiles on the voter.' Schmidt goes on to say, 'For each voter, a score is computed ranking probability of the right vote. Analytics can model demographics, social factors and many other attributes of the needed voters.' 
Patrick Wood, editor of Technocracy News, comments that Schmidt's scoring idea 'is just like China's social scoring of citizens to see who is for them and who is against them.' 
On one level, this means that search engine results are manipulated. In his evaluation of the Schmidt email, Michael Cantrell comments , 'For some time now, people have wondered if Google, the world's largest search engine, might be a tad bit slanted when it comes to politics, favoring left-wing candidates over conservatives in how search results are displayed. Well, it seems those suspicions may not be so far-fetched after all.' 
Earlier this year, in a column carried by Accuracy in Media, Seton Motley documented how Google was designing its search engine to maneuver people away from the issue of Hillary Clinton's health problems. 
It's a fact of life that in this era of access to many different sources of information, some people go to the Google search engine and rely on the first item that pops up. That's how I got banned (temporarily) from the campus of the State University of New York at New Paltz. A feminist professor used Google to search my name and passed around derogatory information from the first source on the search engine page—the Southern Poverty Law Center. She then passed around the information, creating a stink that caused the campus administration to cancel the debate I was scheduled to participate in. 
A new book, Islamic Jihad, Cultural Marxism and the Transformation of the West , examines the role of Google as a new media 'gatekeeper' that determines how people see the reality of the world. The author, William Mayer of PipeLineNews.org , examines how Google produces search engine results on the subject of Islamic terrorism that play down criminal activities of leading Jihadists. Mayer says the results can be confusing unless the search terms are assembled with scrupulous precision, 'a difficult task when one isn't exactly sure in advance the extent of the associations being pursued.' 
In his excellent book, Mayer documents in detail the 'leftist/Obama/Media merger' that played a significant role in Obama's 2012 victory and figures prominently in Hillary Clinton's plan for victory on Tuesday. 
Mayer comments, '…if we think of the Internet as the largest depository of information ever to be created, it assumes in many sense the role of the book of common wisdom. When the universal storehouse of information obfuscates and hides knowledge it becomes censorious, preventing or at least stifling access to non-ideologically approved ideas and information.' 
When Barack Obama campaigns against Trump by citing the KKK, you can rest assured this has been determined by analysts in the Hillary campaign to be at least somewhat effective in scaring blacks. Getting blacks to vote against Trump is a part of what they hope will be their winning strategy. Similarly, when Hillary Clinton campaigns with a profane rapper named Jay Z, the calculation has been made by some brain in the campaign structure that using such a spectacle will inspire other blacks to turn out for the former secretary of state on Election Day. Hillary hopes that the rapper's popularity will somehow rub off on her. 
These two campaign events are more evidence of how truly 'scientific' the progressive movement has become. People are perceived by the Clinton campaign as subjects to be manipulated. 
Even with the use of these scientific techniques, victory is not assured for the 'progressive' forces. That is why reports of vote fraud are mounting as Obama sounds the alarm about the KKK. For Trump to win, the 'silent majority' will have to be a real majority with millions of votes to spare, surpassing the artificially created 'progressive' bloc bolstered by fraudulent votes and created by an emerging technocratic dictatorship of access to information. 
The 'media monopoly' that the left used to rail against is now controlled by them. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View   Cliff Kincaid . 0

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / *Articles of the Bound* / Media Dig the Grave for Self-Government Media Dig the Grave for Self-Government November 9, 2016, 9:06 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
By: Cliff Kincaid | Accuracy in Media 
At this time in history, organizations like Accuracy in Media are needed more than ever. The bias in the media has been exposed as a poison that undermines the public's right to know and threatens the future of democratic self-government. 
Our duty is to tell the American people what has happened to their once-great country. 
In his letter to Donald J. Trump, New England Patriots Coach Bill Belichick said, 'Congratulations on a tremendous campaign. You have dealt with an unbelievable slanted and negative media and have come out beautifully.' 
Belichick is not alone. Poll after poll has confirmed that the American people understand and recognize the problem of liberal media bias. In fact, the bias is just one aspect of the corruption that surrounds us and infects the government. 
A Quinnipiac University poll found that 55 percent of voters told pollsters that Trump was right when he charged the media were biased against him. An Associated Press-GfK poll found that 'Overall, 56 percent of likely voters say the media is biased against Trump…' 
One cannot say with certainty that the media bias in the 2016 campaign was worse than, say, the elections of 2008 or 2012. Both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton enjoyed extraordinary media bias in their favor. One difference this time around is that the media bias has been extremely well-documented by the emails released from the account of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. We have seen the evidence of how the collusion and collaboration occur. The evidence shows that 'journalists' work secretly with one major political party, the Democrats, against conservatives and Republicans. 
Needless to say, all of this is a blatant violation of the ethical standards that journalists profess to uphold. 
The preamble of the Code of Ethics of the Society of Professional Journalists says they 'believe that public enlightenment is the forerunner of justice and the foundation of democracy. Ethical journalism strives to ensure the free exchange of information that is accurate, fair and thorough. An ethical journalist acts with integrity.' 
Instead, they have compromised their integrity in order to elect a woman whose record as a security risk should make her ineligible to seek the presidency. 
But it's worse than being unethical. 
We see in one of the emails that Washington Post 'journalist' Dana Milbank was in touch with the Democrats about crafting one of his anti-Trump columns. 
This email proves that Milbank has been functioning as an operative of the Democratic Party. Of course, those of us who have watched his appearances at conservative events over the years had suspected what was going on. Now we have the proof of the actual collaboration. The email portrays help for Milbank as a 'research request' from the columnist. 
In other words, he couldn't even write his own columns. He was lazy and liberal. 
What this suggests is that Milbank's function was to write (or put his name on) certain articles in order to divert attention away from scandals involving Democrats. In the latest case , in order to justify a Post black-out of Danney Williams' charges that he was Bill Clinton's black son, Milbank would cover his news conference and make fun of the event. 
Such an attack serves two purposes. One, it justifies the Post's decision not to cover the event as a legitimate news story. Second, it scares others away from covering it. How many conservatives in the media shied away from the story? 
In his landmark book, The Corrupt Society , Robert Payne wrote, 'There are many weapons that can be used to prevent the corruption of societies. The most powerful of these weapons are vigilance and knowledge. Hence the importance of the press, radio, and television to break through all imposed restrictions to discover how the government works, how it arrives at its decisions, how it manages its defenses, how it deals with traitors, especially the traitors in its midst.' 
Payne dedicated his book to Richard Nixon. That was a joke, of course, because Payne found Nixon and his administration to be utterly corrupt. Nixon was forced from office for covering up a burglary into the offices of the opposition political party, the Democrats. Stories in The Washington Post sparked his resignation in the Watergate scandal. Victor Lasky's book, It Didn't Start With Watergate , proved that Democrats had done similar things. 
In 2016, the Democrats nominated a candidate whose corruption made Nixon look like a choir boy. Nixon was ruthless, but he was determined to promote American interests in the world. He was critical in exposing State Department official Alger Hiss as a Soviet spy. 
By contrast, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is one of those 'traitors' Payne had warned about. Her illegal private server, full of classified information, was open to hacking by foreign governments. Her top aide, Huma Abedin, arranged for some of Mrs. Clinton's emails to be stored on a computer shared with her pervert husband. The Clinton Foundation laundered money to her husband on behalf of foreign governments seeking favors from the State Department. And the FBI, at this late date, refuses to hold any of them responsible for undermining the security of our nation. 
Meanwhile, The Washington Post facilitates this corruption in government by failing to expose it. And one Post 'journalist' has been exposed as a lazy liberal pawn of those who were in charge of getting Mrs. Clinton into the White House. 
The Christian existentialist philosopher, Soren Kierkegaard, wrote about the corruption in the church and how church and state had become one. In his critique of the Danish State Church, he said everyone knew privately that the system was rotten and corrupt but they would not say so publicly. 'Just as one says that death has marked a man, so we recognize the symptoms which demand to be attacked. It is a battle against lies,' he said. 
The problem we face today is not just media bias, but corruption in government and the media that runs so deep that it is uncomfortable for some to even talk about it publicly. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / *Articles of the Bound* / #TrumpProtest: Communists Mobilize To Disrupt President-Elect Trump's Inauguration #TrumpProtest: Communists Mobilize To Disrupt President-Elect Trump's Inauguration November 11, 2016, 6:35 am by Guest Author Leave a Comment 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Party for Socialism and Liberation, a 'revolutionary Marxist organization' burns President-Elect Trump in effigy on November 9, 2016 outside L.A. City Hall. 'Progressive people from all over the country will be descending on Washington, D.C. on January 20, 2017 to stage a massive demonstration along Pennsylvania Avenue on Inauguration Day.' – ANSWER Coalition The Party for Socialism and Liberation , along with many other Marxist groups, is aggressively organizing to disrupt President-Elect Donald Trump's inauguration through mass mailings and social media. The ANSWER Coalition is a front group for the Party for Socialism and Liberation, a revolutionary Marxist organization in the United States that was formed in 2006 after splitting with the Workers World Party . The Party for Socialism and Liberation favors the revolutionary beliefs of Mao and Trotsky. They are Pro North Korea, pro-Cuba and pro-Iran. This author is old enough to remember a rodeo clown who wore an Obama mask getting nation-wide attention for being 'racist' and being banned for life from the Missouri State Fair in 2012. Ponder that while considering the complete lack of mainstream media attention for this: 'There will be casualties on both sides. People have to die to make a change in this world.' 
The poor girl has no idea that she is a pawn to be used by communist thugs. 
Or this: 
— Marcus Yam (@yamphoto) November 10, 2016 Party of Socialism and Liberation via Yahoo 
In a mass mailing (also on their website ), the Marxist group divulges their support for Communist Bernie Sanders and explains in part: This country needs a real political revolution. Millions of people feel entirely disenfranchised by a political system that delivered the least favorable and trusted candidates in U.S. history. Many hoped that the Bernie Sanders campaign would represent a new direction and opportunity to take on entrenched power and extreme inequality, for a higher minimum wage, to defend Social Security, rebuild the labor movement, provide universal health care and free tuition. That campaign was largely suppressed, but its end does not change the desires and aspirations of tens of millions of people, workers and youth in particular, who are demanding real change. On Inauguration Day, thousands will be in the streets to give voice to the millions of people in this country who are demanding systemic change. 
Their presidential candidate was Gloria Estela La Riva , wants to 'build a movement against capitalism !' #voteSocialist2016 ! Protest on Inauguration Day Jan 20th Against War, Racism & Inequality @GloriaLaRiva @pslweb https://t.co/Mkq7oddlvK 
— La Riva 4 President (@VotePSL) November 8, 2016 
Many other socialist organizations have been out protesting, such as the Socialist Alternative , a Trotskyist group that claims Seattle council woman Kshama Sawant as a member. Socialist #Seattle councilmember calls for massive protest, nationwide shutdown on Inauguration Day 
— Ashli Blow (@AshliKIRO7) November 9, 2016 Paper on the ground at the #TrumpProtest in D.C. mentions another protest on Inauguration Day. pic.twitter.com/CISDo7bvXt 
— Natalie DiBlasio (@ndiblasio) November 10, 2016 Already 10K people joining the #NotMyPresident protest on Inauguration day at the Capitol. Set up for a crazy scene

ARTICLE

  WATCH: Mass Shooting Occurs During #TrumpRiot; Media Ignores (Video) WATCH: Mass Shooting Occurs During #TrumpRiot; Media Ignores (Video)  45 pm by Guest Author   Renee Nal | New Zeal Seattle's Socialist Alternative organize anti-Trump rally. Note the manufactured signs and the hammer & sickle logo. 
'The five victims range in age from their 20s to 50s, and they have gunshot wounds to their legs, chest and neck.'– The Seattle Times , November 10, 2016 
Seattle police are assuring citizens that a virtually unreported mass shooting has nothing to do with an anti-Trump rally incited by Seattle socialists, featuring Kshama Sawant, the Marxist Seattle city council member who is significant as being the only socialist to run openly as a member of Socialist Alternative , a Trotskyist organization. 
The shooting occurred 'outside the 7-Eleven store on Third Avenue between Pike and Pine streets,' close to where protesters gathered, carrying their 'Socialist Alternative' signs after being encouraged by Kshama Sawant to 'attend the inauguration and shut it down.' 
Watch: Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under "Key Links in our Chains," below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA ("progressive" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, " Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment " and our earlier, "Marxist President's Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic "sense" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.

ARTICLE

  The People Are Laughing at the Liberal Media The People Are Laughing at the Liberal Media  53 am by Cliff Kincaid   Cliff Kincaid | Accuracy in Media 
Members of the media continue to talk among themselves, as if they had not been repudiated by the people on November 8. Mass firings and new faces are needed if the media are going to have any hope of regaining any credibility with the public. 
Some on the far-left are waking up. Anis Shivani of the AlterNet news service asked , 'Is the liberal media dead?' She answered: 'One of the positives of this campaign is that despite relentless 24/7 propaganda about Trump, exaggerating his personal foibles while painting anyone not supportive of Hillary as a closet misogynist, racist or even sexual predator, the message failed to get through. In the end, no one paid any attention. Those inside the elite bubble were persuaded that they were headed for victory, hearing nothing contrary in their own ecosphere, when they were in fact doomed. The people have shown that they can tune out this noise. The media has fragmented so much that only those who are already persuaded come within the ambit of any new message, so in essence they have pounded their way into their own irrelevance (emphasis added).' 
Hillary Clinton had the endorsements of most major newspapers in the United States. Her own website declared , 'By all accounts, this election is historic—and so is the list of newspapers from across the country endorsing Hillary Clinton for president. That list includes a number of papers that, for decades, have exclusively endorsed Republican presidential candidates—until now.' 
Reid Wilson of The Hill newspaper calculated that Clinton got 57 newspaper endorsements and Trump got only 2. 
In addition to The Washington Post and The New York Times, which both endorsed Hillary, some of the other notable losers included: The Columbus Dispatch endorsed a Democrat (for the first time since Woodrow Wilson), and urged voters to elect Hillary. Ohio went for Trump anyway. The Akron Beacon said that Hillary was the change this country needed. The Cincinnati Enquirer broke a century-old tradition to endorse Hillary. The Sun Sentinel editorial board urged Floridians to vote for Hillary. Florida went for Trump. The Arizona Republic broke a 120-year tradition to endorse Hillary. Arizona went for Trump. The Dallas Morning News broke a 75-year tradition of supporting Republicans to endorse Hillary. Texas went for Trump anyway. The Houston Chronicle, the largest newspaper in Texas, usually backs Republicans but endorsed Hillary. 
Among major voting blocs, one of the most amazing turnarounds can be found in the Catholic population. 
On November 2, the Catholic Jesuit publication America was reporting that Clinton was leading Trump in the polls thanks to the Catholic vote. Citing a poll from the Public Religion Research Institute and the Institute for Policy Research & Catholic Studies at The Catholic University of America, Clinton was getting support from 51 percent of Catholics, compared to 40 percent for Donald Trump. This is what liberal Catholics wanted to believe and encourage. Hillary's campaign chairman John Podesta was a liberal Catholic who got a job as professor at Catholic Jesuit Georgetown University. He had communicated with other campaign officials about a scheme to force the church even further to the left. Elizabeth Yore's article at The Remnant explained the relationship between George Soros, the Clinton campaign and the Jesuit-led Vatican. 
However, exit polls show that Trump won the Catholic vote by a margin of 52 to 45 percent. What happened? 
One answer is that Catholics are bypassing the liberal media and turning to alternative sources of news and information, such as The Remnant. Another such source is Boston Catholic Insider, which argued in an article, ' Why Catholics Should Vote for Trump ,' that Hillary had a 'monstrous' position on abortion that justified the gruesome procedure up to and including the time of birth. 
Another growing source of news and information for Catholics and non-Catholics is LifeSite . Its post-election stories include 'Liberal media in meltdown over Trump election' and 'America rejects Planned Parenthood and its party.' 
Another important development was the airing of the film ' A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing ' by the EWTN Catholic cable channel. As we noted in a previous column, the film examined how Marxists have subverted the church from within by recruiting clergy into revolutionary socialist activities that divide people and cause conflict. The film was described as 'a lens into America's cultural Marxism euphemistically called 'progressivism.'' 
As long as the members of the liberal media continue in their old and discredited ways, without major changes in the journalism business, the alternative sources of news and information will continue to grow in power and influence. The new conservative network CRTV has just announced that Steven Crowder , from the popular show 'Louder with Crowder,' is joining the new media venture. 
Even with major changes in the liberal media, such as the firing of liberal hacks and the hiring of solid conservatives, it is doubtful that viewership can be maintained. On outlets like CNN, they will continue to talk and act like they still have some credibility left. The public is laughing at them and declaring, 'You're fired.' Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0

ARTICLE

  We are Gulag Bound / *Resisters' Log* / Weekly Featured Profile – Shane Brinton Weekly Featured Profile – Shane Brinton  35 pm by Trevor Loudon Leave a Comment 0 
Shane Brinton is a Labor Representative at California Nurses Association , living in Sacramento , California . 
He has been a grassroots community organizer ever since he was a teenager in Arcata , Northern California . He has been involved with The Placebo , Democracy Unlimited , the Tenants Union of Humboldt County , the Redwood Peace & Justice Center , Food Not Bombs and a number of other organizations and causes. He has also managed the campaigns of several local Progressive candidates. 
In 2004, Shane Brinton , Arcata , served on the National Council of the Young Communist League USA . 
A 2004 copy of the League's Dynamic , carries a fiery anti-war speech he delivered at a peace demonstration in Eureka . In one paragraph he rails against corporate America, urging workers to rise up against their bosses saying, 'It is [the CEO's] employees, the rank and file workers, who actually produce the products and provide services that the CEO profits from.' 
In 2005, Brinton was a US delegate to the communist World Festival of Youth and Students in Venezuela , with 15,000 other young people. 
Later, Brinton became involved in Democratic Party politics and was elected to the state Central Committee as part of a 'Progressive slate.' 
In 2013, Shane Brinton was mayor of Arcata and on leaving that position worked for SEIU . Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under "Key Links in our Chains," below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA ("progressive" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, " Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment " and our earlier, "Marxist President's Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic "sense" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.

ARTICLE

  *Articles of the Bound* / Where are the Mass Media Firings and Resignations? Where are the Mass Media Firings and Resignations? November 12, 2016, 5:56 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
I missed a few losers in my column on the big media losers of the 2016 campaign. One person told me, 'Bret Stephens of The Wall Street Journal has totally lost all credibility with his anti-Trump rants in his weekly column right up to the very end. We used to be ardent fans of his, but no more!!!' 
I agree that Stephens is a big loser. His attacks on Trump were relentless and he declared that he wanted to build a new political party to compete with Trump. Sounding like The Huffington Post, Stephens used his November 8 column to find Trump guilty of 'unrelenting and apparently irrepressible bigotry, misogyny, bullying and conspiracy-mongering…' 
After the election, his readers responded with comments like: YOU ARE FIRED! Deep breaths Bret. You'll be ok. MSNBC has several openings on their Jobs page, Bret. Stephens, you have climbed out on a limb and sawed it off. Best way to handle Stephens is to NOT read his columns anymore. That's my solution to George Will also. Eventually, they will be fired. 
Speaking of The Huffington Post, consider these post-election headlines from the online publication: 'Why HuffPost's Presidential Forecast Didn't See A Donald Trump Win Coming. Here's how we blew it and what we're doing to prevent a repeat.' 
But no resignations or firings were announced, and Stephens will also apparently keep his job. 
Journalists and columnists should not be fired for their opinions, but for their lack of objectivity. It's fine to have anti-Trump opinions, but that should not have interfered with an analysis of why Trump was striking a chord with the American people. 
My own views of Trump changed as I saw how the people were responding to him. One good source was Right Side Broadcasting , which aired live coverage of Trump rallies. Their broadcasts captured the size of the crowds. I saw Trump's appearance in the heavily-Democratic city of Toledo, Ohio, where he was greeted by enthusiasm. I also took trips to states like Pennsylvania and saw the dozens of 'Trump for President' signs. My July 29 column, ' Democrats Abandon Workers to Trump ,' looked at how the Democratic Party had abandoned the working class. My column on the eve of the election examined how 'people power' could guarantee a Trump victory. 
These Trump supporters were not serial liars, rampant xenophobes, racists, misogynists, etc. They were ordinary people who were sick and tired of the liberal establishment. 
By contrast, the elitist Bret Stephens wrote about the Trump rallies, 'The fervor of his crowds recalls Nasser's Egypt.' Stephens had nothing but contempt for the average American. 
The problem with people like Stephens and publications like The Huffington Post is that they let their anti-Trump orientation interfere with the need for a professional analysis of what was actually happening in America's cities and towns. 
One Huffington Post writer with egg on his face is Ryan Grim, who was promoting the bogus story that Trump had raped a 13-year-old girl. Regarding the rape story, Grim informed his readers on November 2 that 'a woman who says Trump raped her as a 13-year-old in the 1990s is planning a press conference at 6:00 EST today. I coincidentally was working on a piece explaining why this case has gotten so little coverage.' 
It got little coverage because it was false. 
The woman, who had a history of drug abuse, pulled out of the news conference. She was identified by name and dropped the lawsuit. The allegations were obviously fabricated. 
Grim also promoted the publication's inaccurate predictions, saying on November 8, 'Our final forecast is that she'll [Hillary will] win 323 electoral votes, far more than the 270 she needs to win. According to our model, she'll win Florida, North Carolina and New Hampshire, and that'll be that. Early night.' 
The story by Natalie Jackson of The Huffington Post about how the publication totally botched coverage of the campaign admits the magnitude of the mistake: 'Our model predicted that Democrat Hillary Clinton had a 98 percent chance of being elected. That was more pro-Clinton than most other forecast models (although all of them predicted a Clinton win). Our model said five Senate seats would shift from Republican to Democratic, giving Democrats a likely majority.' 
But nobody in the media loses their jobs for getting the facts wrong and doing their work in an unprofessional manner. 
What's more, we see the same left-wing pundits and reporters on networks like CNN coming back for more, giving viewers more slanted coverage and commentary disguised as news. Consider 'former' communist Van Jones using CNN to accuse Trump supporters of being white racists. The same old liberal talking heads are currently trying to dictate the make-up of Trump's cabinet and staff by warning against certain people deemed too conservative or 'controversial.' 
James O'Keefe of Project Veritas comments that millions overcame 'the firewall that existed within the media.' That partly occurred because of his undercover videos that led to resignations by Democratic operatives. In a post-election video , he explained that the most stunning admission of election night was 'the power shift in this country,' as citizens exercised their power, 'despite the overwhelming forces working them against them.' 
We can see that, as a result of the media's failure to clean house, those who opposed Trump will not give up their power. Since they have shown that they have no professional standards, the only answer is to further drain the media elite of viewers and readers, and build up the power of alternative sources of news and information. 
Any ordinary business that got things so wrong and performed so incompetently would go out of business. Let's help the liberal media bite the dust. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0

ARTICLE

  Media Bias Has Become Mental Illness Media Bias Has Become Mental Illness  31 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
Aware that their credibility is shot with the American people, the publisher and executive editor of The New York Times sent a 'To our readers' note on Friday, saying, 'we aim to rededicate ourselves to the fundamental mission of Times journalism.' 
This was another way of saying, 'Sorry, we blew it,' without being honest with readers. 
Those familiar with the paper's 'journalism' understand this to be media bias. But Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr. and Dean Baquet were suggesting something else—that something had gone wrong and they don't quite know what happened, but don't worry because the Times will get back to its mission of reporting truthfully. 
Beating around the bush, they said Trump's victory was 'the biggest political story of the year,' which had 'reached a dramatic and unexpected climax late Tuesday night…' 
The word 'unexpected' means that the paper's predictions were wrong. 
Then they said that the paper's newsroom had covered the campaign 'with agility and creativity,' which are terms for incompetence and bias. Some people cling to the old-fashioned idea that a paper should report events objectively. 
Pretending to reflect on the poor coverage, they finally got to the problem without saying so directly. They asked, 'Did Donald Trump's sheer unconventionality lead us and other news outlets to underestimate his support among American voters?' and 'What forces and strains in America drove this divisive election and outcome?' 
In other words, Trump's 'sheer unconventionality' caused the paper to misreport what was happening. He had appealed to mysterious 'forces and strains,' terms that apparently refer to the voters. 
Sulzberger and Baquet insisted that the Times will 'report America and the world honestly, without fear or favor, striving always to understand and reflect all political perspectives and life experiences in the stories that we bring to you.' 
In other words, they blew it during the 2016 campaign and will try to do better next time. But nothing is really changing at the paper. Nobody is being fired. And nobody is being hired who has an understanding of the conservative electorate. 
The paper, they said, will 'hold power to account, impartially and unflinchingly.' 
But who will hold The New York Times accountable? 
In a real howler, they then claimed, 'We believe we reported on both candidates fairly during the presidential campaign. You can rely on The New York Times to bring the same fairness, the same level of scrutiny, the same independence to our coverage of the new president and his team.' 
This is another indication that the paper is hopelessly liberal, and that nothing will really change. 
The business as usual attitude was reflected in the front-page headline in the Times after Trump won: 'Democrats, Students and Foreign Allies Face the Reality of a Trump Presidency.' 
As Accuracy in Media Chairman Don Irvine noted , the headline was even funny to various MSNBC personalities, because it focused on the disappointment of liberals at Trump's victory, rather than the victory itself. 
Mark Halperin commented, 'If a Democratic candidate who was thought to have a 10 percent chance of winning by The New York Times that ended up winning, and winning red states as Trump won blue states, I don't think that would have been the headline. And I'll just say again, the responsibility of journalists is to not report on their biases. It's to go out and understand the country through the prism of the election and say, 'Why are people feeling the way they're feeling?'' 
Of course, the Times was not alone. 
Consider the story in Politico headlined , 'Insiders: Clinton would crush Trump in November.' It began, 'In the swing states that matter most in the presidential race, Donald Trump doesn't have a prayer against Hillary Clinton in the general election.' 
In a story headlined, 'The Democrat Media Complex Will Never Understand What Happened Tuesday Night,' Stephen Kruiser at PJ Media commented that the talking heads want desperately to avoid the topic of the 'overwhelming lack of political and intellectual diversity in their ranks,' but that the problem of their liberalism is compounded by their laziness. 
This is a fact, as reflected in my analysis of Post 'journalist' Dana Milbank, who got caught asking Democratic Party officials for help on an anti-Trump column. 
For his part, Milbank crafted another anti-Trump column after the Trump victory, in the form of a letter to his daughter. 'This is a sad day for our country,' he told her . 'I want you to know that I did everything I could to prevent this from happening. My efforts and those of many others came up short.' 
Those 'many others' were in the media and the Democratic Party, for whom Milbank worked. Perhaps Post owner Jeff Bezos ought to ask the Democrats to pay Milbank's salary. 
Milbank told his daughter, 'You are going to be okay.' 
That's more than what we can say about Milbank. He is not okay. He is more than just a lazy liberal who gets the Democratic Party to help write his columns. He is completely out of touch with the America he claims to be writing about. 
Like those at the Times, Milbank and others at the Post will never change. They are elitists whose hatred for their fellow Americans borders on mental illness. 
Like other liberals, they claim to be on a crusade for 'the children,' in his case his daughter. It's frankly despicable that he would use his kid as a political prop. She needs our prayers. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0

ARTICLE

  Marxist/Muslim Axis: 'Enemies Within' Documentary Exposes Proposed DNC Chair Keith Ellison Marxist/Muslim Axis: 'Enemies Within' Documentary Exposes Proposed DNC Chair Keith Ellison  20 am by Trevor Loudon Leave a Comment 0 
Filmmaker Trevor Loudon's new documentary The Enemies Within exposes the communist and radical Islamist background of the probable new leader of the Democratic Party. Rep. Keith Ellison (D}, Minnesota), center 
Keith Ellison , a Marxist/Muslim Democratic Congressman from Minnesota, could soon become the Democratic National Committee chairman. 
With the endorsements of Senators Harry Reid , Chuck Schumer , Bernie Sanders and more than 250,000 signatures on an 'Ellison for chairman' petition, Representative Ellison is the early favorite for the position. 
Many writers have focused on Ellison's Islamic beliefs, but few have examined his extensive Marxist connections. 
Trevor Loudon's The Enemies Within poses a simple question –'Could your Congressman pass an FBI background check?' 
With close ties to both the Communist Party USA and several Muslim Brotherhood front groups, Trevor Loudon believes that Congressman Ellison would have no chance of passing even the most the rudimentary type of background check, applied to the most low-level federal government employees. 
Yet within days, Representative Ellison may lead one of this country's two main political parties. 
For further information contact Trevor Loudon, 772-267-8189, or trevor@enemieswithinmovie.com. Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under "Key Links in our Chains," below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA ("progressive" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, " Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment " and our earlier, "Marxist President's Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic "sense" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.

ARTICLE

  Lazy Liberal Journalists Smear Bannon Lazy Liberal Journalists Smear Bannon November 16, 2016, 1:37 pm by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
Media bias won't let up just because the liberal media were humiliated on November 8. The bias is now being directed at the President-elect's conservative appointments. 
On Monday night's CBS Evening News, anchor Scott Pelley proclaimed that the Southern Poverty Law Center had declared that Donald J. Trump's campaign CEO Stephen Bannon 'has no business being in the White House.' Bannon was named as chief strategist and counselor. 
In fact, the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) has no business being cited as a credible source by any responsible news organization. It smears conservatives for profit, diverting attention from real domestic threats, such as the Marxist extremists currently demonstrating against Trump in the streets and threatening to disrupt his inauguration. 
Many of the demonstrators are from the ANSWER Coalition , an outgrowth of the pro-North Korea Marxist-Leninist Workers World Party. 
But don't expect to get any information about the ANSWER Coalition from the SPLC. 
In fact, the SPLC is in bed with communists of all kinds, having participated in the notorious Left Forum held in New York City earlier this year. We noted at the time that the event featured 'an assortment of communists, 9/11 truthers, pro-Palestinian and anti-Israel activists, and other extremists.' 
Even more troubling, SPLC President and CEO Richard Cohen was a member of the ' Countering Violent Extremism Working Group ' of the Department of Homeland Security in 2010. It is possible that Cohen, in this capacity, was able to get access to classified information, and that the SPLC, in turn, shared its erroneous data on conservative opponents of the Obama administration with federal law enforcement agencies. 
The attacks on Bannon stem from his leadership of the news site, Breitbart News , a popular source of alternative news and information which was strongly pro-Trump during the campaign. On occasion, the site features some unorthodox conservative views that Bannon's critics have tried to pin on him. 
The site was named for Andrew Breitbart, who pioneered new and effective ways to undermine the left. One of his disciples, Jeremy Segal, did a video exposing Democratic Rep. Danny K. Davis (IL) being honored at the Communist Party U.S.A.'s headquarters in Chicago for a lifetime of 'inspiring leadership.' 
Lazy liberal journalists would rather cite the SPLC as authoritative without having to bother to investigate how the group has been exposed by such investigative reporters on the left as Ken Silverstein. At one time, notes Silverstein , the group did some good work against racist hate groups. But later, in order to expand its business model and make more money, it expanded the 'hate' label to mainstream conservative organizations. It has accumulated $300 million in a reserve fund and has become 'one of the most profitable charities in the country,' with its top officials getting membership in the so-called financial elite one percent. 
This journalist was named a member of the 'radical right,' a designation then transformed into a charge of 'Islamophobia' by the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR). The accusations are designed to silence First Amendment rights and discourage the media from going to conservative sources for news, information and commentary. 
Before Pelley uncritically cited the SPLC, Kate Snow was on MSNBC talking about how Trump's stand against illegal immigration was similar to that of the secretary of state of Kansas, Kris Kobach. She said Kobach had given 'support' to the Social Contract Press, which she described as a 'hate group' designated by the Southern Poverty Law Center. 
The Social Contract Press rebuts all of the accusations, while noting that the SPLC's $300 million cash hoard 'rivals that of [the] Clinton Foundation.' It was the Social Contract Press which published one of Silverstein's articles exposing the SPLC. 
Indeed, Silverstein's exposé was just one section of a major report the Social Contract Press published in 2010 that examined the SPLC's strategy and tactics. 
Yet, it's Bannon who is being accused of being an extremist. The Washington Post admits there's no real evidence behind the allegation, making it just another smear picked up by most of the media without adequate checking or verification. 
What we are witnessing in the faux outrage against Bannon is a fear that the Trump administration and the new Republican Congress will get back to the business of monitoring real domestic threats. 
For example, Trump adviser Walid Phares has already indicated that the President-elect will back a bill, the Muslim Brotherhood Terrorist Designation Act, which could lead to an investigation of the Council on American-Islamic Relations. 
Trevor Loudon, the producer of the new film, ' Enemies Within ,' says the Muslim Brotherhood Terrorist Designation Act could be supplemented by the House and Senate bringing back committees or subcommittees devoted to exposing internal security problems, also known as un-American activities. 
A member of Congress exposed in the film for his ties to the Muslim Brotherhood is Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) , who is running for chairman of the Democratic National Committee.  

ARTICLE

  MSNBC's Election Day 'Crystal Ball' is Broken MSNBC's Election Day 'Crystal Ball' is Broken November 16, 2016, 9:34 am by Terresa Monroe-Hamilton Leave a Comment 0 
By: Cliff Kincaid | Accuracy in Media 
Instead of underwriting media stars who fail to predict the future, perhaps the University of Virginia (UVA) ought to get back to teaching students marketable skills so they can obtain good jobs. 
One of the big losers on November 8 was UVA media star and Professor Larry Sabato, who said on MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell show that 'Our prediction is that Hillary Clinton will get 322 electoral votes, and Donald Trump will get 216.' 
Trump/Pence are projected to get 306 electoral votes to Clinton/Kaine's 232. 
Perhaps he should take up astrology. 
His Crystal Ball newsletter 'has been a leader in accurately predicting elections since its inception,' says Sabato's website. Described as 'authoritative,' the newsletter is part of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia. 
His total compensation in 2014 was $380,000. 
On the November 7 O'Donnell show, Sabato predicted Clinton would win North Carolina (Trump won it) and that Clinton had a real shot of winning Ohio (Trump won it by nine points). 
Sabato said, 'One of my great people at the Crystal Ball, Kyle Condik, wrote a book called Bellwether about Ohio…so his contacts are the best and they keep telling us that it's much, much closer than people realize and that Clinton might, might be able to pull out a victory there…' 
Kondik is managing editor of Sabato's Crystal Ball newsletter. 
Sabato also predicted a net gain of four for Democrats in the Senate, resulting in a 50-50 tie in Congress' upper chamber. 'If we're right about the presidential contest, that means Vice President Tim Kaine (D) will be breaking ties after Inauguration,' Sabato claimed. 
Sabato thought there was a chance of Democrats taking the Senate. 'If we're off on the total number of seat changes [in the Senate],' he said, 'we think it's slightly likelier that Democrats get to 51 or 52 than Republicans. That could mean the Democrats pulling out a win in Indiana, Missouri, or North Carolina. If Republicans hold on to the majority, it probably would be because Ayotte survives in New Hampshire.' 
In fact, Ayotte lost in New Hampshire and Republicans won in Indiana, Missouri, and North Carolina. 
Ayotte alienated Republicans by abandoning Trump. Her campaign alienated conservatives by passing out free condoms to get votes at the University of New Hampshire. 
Rather than being losses, the GOP victories were: In Indiana, the Republican Todd Young beat Democrat Evan Bayh by 52.1 to 42.4. In Missouri, the Republican Roy Blunt beat the Democrat Jason Kander by 49.4 to 46.2. In North Carolina, the Republican Richard Burr beat the Democrat Deborah Ross by 51.1 to 45.3. 
After the Trump victory, Sabato's UVA website declared , 'We heard for months from many of you, saying that we were underestimating the size of a potential hidden Trump vote and his ability to win. We didn't believe it, and we were wrong. The Crystal Ball is shattered. We'll pick up the pieces starting next week as we try to unpack what happened in this election, where there was so much dramatic change from just four years ago.' 
He added, 'We have a lot to learn, and we must make sure the Crystal Ball never has another year like this. This team expects more of itself, and we apologize to our readers for our errors.' 
Perhaps Sabato ought to spend more time teaching classes and less time on MSNBC, CNN and other channels. 
To make matters worse, O'Donnell brought on Ana Marie Cox, a rabid feminist now with MTV, who breathed a sigh of relief at Sabato's prediction that Trump wouldn't win. But she said America still had a lot to fear because Trump's success in the primaries had revealed some 'real ugly things' about the U.S. 
She added, 'I am hopeful this is going to be a fairly resounding victory and that is going to put some shame back in people about the kinds of things that have come up during this election.' 
Former Jeb Bush communications director Tim Miller was then brought on to say that he was hopeful that Hispanic immigrants would be 'the ones to put the nail in Donald Trump`s coffin' in states like Colorado, Nevada and Florida. 
Trump lost in Nevada by only 2 points and Colorado by only about 3 points. Trump beat Clinton in Florida. 
Sabato told O'Donnell that a firm called Latino Decisions had estimated that Clinton would get a higher percentage of Latino votes than Barack Obama, and that Trump was at only 16 percent. 
The results were much different. In fact, the Pew Research Center says Clinton had a lower percentage of Latinos than Obama, and Trump got 29 percent, two more points that Mitt Romney in 2012. 
My crystal ball says Sabato will not change the name of his newsletter and that he will be back in four years making another round of predictions. 
O'Donnell himself bought into the hype, declaring that the fear is that 'the presidency will be handed over to ignorance, incompetence and bigotry,' but that 'the latest polls indicate that…America should have nothing to fear.' 
He added, 'Donald Trump has taken this country to the brink, and tomorrow voters are likely to take it back.' 
This episode of the O'Donnell show demonstrates how the media talk among themselves, using sources that reaffirm their biases, while ignoring objective reality. 
We have come to expect this from MSNBC, but to have a prestigious university like UVA participate in such a charade is an absolute disgrace. 
'The glass ceiling did not break Tuesday night, but the Crystal Ball shattered,' wrote Andrew Cain of the Richmond Times-Dispatch, in a story about Sabato's humiliation. 
But don't think that Sabato will slink away in disgrace. He was back on CNN on Monday giving his opinion on the Electoral College.  

ARTICLE

  George Mason Univ. Gets Their Fascism On – Who Knew It Was A Crime To Hang Anti-Terrorism Posters? George Mason Univ. Gets Their Fascism On – Who Knew It Was A Crime To Hang Anti-Terrorism Posters? November 17, 2016, 2:00 pm by Terresa Monroe-Hamilton Leave a Comment 0 
NoisyRoom.net 
My friend and compatriot Oleg Atbashian found that out the hard way. Imagine my surprise this morning to find out he had been roughed up and arrested in Fairfax, Virginia. His crime was hanging anti-terrorism posters on the university campus. Oh, and bonus… he wasn't even read his rights. He is now out on $8,000 bail for putting up pro-Israel posters to combat a pro-Islamist conference at George Mason University. He faces the very real prospect of five years in prison for allegedly committing a 'class 6 felony.' 
Oleg is an artistic genius. His satirical site, The People's Cube , is one of the very best out there. Oleg did the graphics for NoisyRoom and has done work for Trevor Loudon and Cliff Kincaid as well. He is a member of a small circle of commie hunters out there. We all have very long memories and we take it very personally when one of our own is treated like this. 
Oleg: 'Back in my Soviet dissident days, when I was collecting signatures in defense of Andrei Sakharov, I was screamed at, threatened, and lectured by the KGB and Communist functionaries,' Oleg says. 'What I never imagined was that in the United States, the land of the free, I would not only be subjected to similar treatment, but go to jail .' 
Daniel Greenfield of FrontPage Mag and Sultan Knish fame had this to say regarding Oleg: 
Oleg's mixture of art and satire took off with Communists for Kerry. He's the mastermind behind The People's Cube and his tweaking of the radical left and its alliance with Islamic terrorists allowed him to continue the same fight he had pursued in the days of the Soviet Union. But as the US comes to resemble the USSR, political satire and activism carries a serious price. 
This is what happened to Oleg when he put up some of his Freedom Center posters challenging the anti-Semitic environment created by the left's alliance with Islamic terrorists on campus. 
This was supposed to be a two-day poster campaign, to counteract the George Mason University hosting an official national conference for Students for Justice in Palestine (SJP), which is an anti-Semitic organization with well-documented ties to Hamas – a terrorist group whose stated goal is to exterminate the Jews. The GMU poster campaign was conceived by the David Horowitz Freedom Center. 
In every communist regime or despotic hellhole throughout history, one of the first groups of people they go after are the artists. They are considered especially dangerous. That's when they aren't going after Jews of course. Oleg went to GMU to hang posters and stickers against Justice in Palestine. A group that has terrorist connections. Instead he was treated like a domestic terrorist himself. 
The police knew which rental car he had and as they were putting up three posters with wheat paste, the police arrested them for destroying property… it's totally water soluble and the posters would have washed off with the first rain. Instead of giving Oleg and his partner a citation or a warning, the campus police frisked them, cuffed them and took them in. They wanted to make an example of him. 
Here is the first part of Oleg's story about persecution for doing nothing more than hanging anti-terrorism posters in defense of Israel and Jews in Virginia: 
My part in it was to create provocative artwork for the posters and to hang them around the GMU campus, as well as to distribute flyers in order to raise awareness among the students, faculty, and the administration about the true meaning of their support for the SJP conference. 
On the first day, my friend and I placed a few stickers on walls, poles, and signs around the GMU campus. We also placed paper flyers inside and outside the university buildings. We had decided to hang the larger posters on the following night, right before the start of the SJP conference. 
Arriving at the campus in the evening, we noticed a large police presence everywhere, including the campus Starbucks. From what we overheard at the tables, the police were on the lookout for people posting 'disturbing' flyers. At one point we considered canceling our mission due to this higher risk, but then decided to hang a few posters in new locations, in order to get the message out more effectively. 
We only had time to hang three large posters when, at about 4am, our car was pulled over by a GMU PD cruiser with flashing lights. As we found out later, they already had a description of our rental KIA Optima. Officer M.J. Guston and his female partner, Officer Daniels, requested to see our drivers' licenses, which they took away. Then they inquired if we had any weapons and proceeded with the visual search, noticing our bucket with mixed wheat paste and some rolled posters on the back seat, covered with towels. 
The police officers took pictures of the contents of our car and retrieved some of the loose fliers from the floor as evidence. They claimed that since we were covering the posters and flyers with towels, we intended to conceal our wrongdoing. We explained that the towels were needed to wipe our hands, to prevent the bucket from spilling, and to stop the papers from rolling around the car, which was the honest truth. 
The officers said we had been photographed while attaching the flyers, but never showed us the actual pictures. They ordered us to give them our car key and to step out of the car. Then we were told to put our hands behind our backs and to spread our legs. Officer Guston then held my thumbs behind my back with his left hand, while his right hand gave me a complete and very thorough pat-down and searched the content of my pockets. He repeated the same procedure with my friend, repeatedly asking us if we had any kind of weapons on us or in the car. 
My friend and I tried to be as friendly and cooperative as the situation allowed, but that had no effect. We were ordered to sit on the curb, as Officer Daniels told us that the content of our posters was violent and disturbing to some students, especially the one with the Hamas terrorist standing in pools of blood over his dead victims. Such interpretation flipped our message on its head entirely, turning it from sympathy for the victims of violence into a threat of violence. 
It dawned on me that the reason they kept searching us and asking about weapons was that they were convinced we were members of some violent militant group of 'domestic terrorists' who meant to do harm to the students – a stereotype largely created by the 'progressive' media and unscrupulous politicians. And now we, defenseless artists, armed with nothing but brushes and paper, became victims of this manipulative mythology, which caused the police to treat us with extreme prejudice. At the same time, the officers who handled us as if we were terrorists, seemed to be blissfully unaware of the true nature of the SJP they were defending, and their organization's very real ties to a known terrorist organization with a record of mass murder, kidnappings, and targeting innocent civilians. 
Since they couldn't find any weapons and our message was protected by the First Amendment, the officers decided to charge us with 'destruction of property worth of at least $2,500,' which was a 'class 6 felony.' (Editor's note: According to VA law, intentional destruction of property that is worth $1,000 or more is a class 6 felony, punishable by up to 5 years in prison and a maximum of $2,500 in fines.) They claimed we had 'super-glued' our fliers to school signs and it was impossible to peel them off. 
It didn't matter that we never used permanent glue, or that there could be other volunteers on campus who posted the stickers they could have downloaded online. Our wallpaper paste was made of wheat and water; we only used it on three large posters, which could be easily removed with water and would be washed off by the first rain. The rest were stickers, printed on regular self-adhesive paper found in any office store. They, too, could be easily removed with a tissue soaked in Goo Gone, a common household cleaner found in any dollar store. We even offered to remove any posters and stickers for them, then catch our flights in the morning and never bother them again. But the officers weren't interested in that. They seemed to have a rather inflexible phantom image of us as dangerous felons and 'right-wing extremists' who belonged in jail. 
A phone call that Officer Guston made inside his cruiser seemed to reinforce their determination. Stepping out into the street, he ordered us to put our hands behind our backs and then handcuffed us so tightly that our bruises were painful to the touch even on the following day. Then he emptied our pockets, took away my hat, and placed everything in two plastic bags. 
We were then taken to the back of his police car. Officer Guston never read us our rights ; he simply declared that we were under arrest for committing felony and were going to jail. The partitioned space in the back of his police cruiser was extremely narrow, which forced my friend and I to contort our bodies in order to avoid additional pain from leaning on our tightly handcuffed hands behind our backs. 
The full account can be found at American Thinker… please go there and read it all . It was Oleg this time, but it could be any of us next. 
The arresting officer told them they could never come to GMU again. What happened to free speech and your constitutional rights? These charges should not stick… they were not read their rights and therefore the charges should be dismissed. But with the Progressive courts and judges we have now, who knows what will happen. 
Oleg quoted George Orwell: 'If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face – forever.' He adds: 'that is what the future of America also will look like if progressivism and political correctness continue to expand their grip on every sphere of life.' 
Oleg survived the Soviet Union and persecution there. He'll survive this. But it is just disgraceful that in the Land of the Free that someone would be treated this way for exercising free speech. Just shameful and it figures it is in Terry McAuliffe's state. There was no permanent damage done as claimed… but a man who is an acclaimed Soviet dissident was treated like a domestic terrorist, while the real terrorists were giving lectures on campus. Or is it a crime now to stand up to Islamic extremists and speak out in defense of Israel? 
#StopCampusSupport4Terrorism

ARTICLE

  Blue Collar Election Shocks Liberal Media Blue Collar Election Shocks Liberal Media November 17, 2016, 12:30 pm by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
Before Election Day, the liberal media were speculating about the demise of the Republican Party. However, the media misjudged the electorate before November 8 and they are misjudging it again. It's the Democratic Party that faces an uncertain future. 
In an MSNBC broadcast before Election Day, MTV's Ana Marie Cox said the results might just mean that the GOP would 'cease to be a national party' because the demographic trends were in favor of Democrats, and the Democrats had 'reclaimed the mantle of patriotism' and 'reclaimed the mantle of faith.' 
Host Lawrence O'Donnell agreed, asking, 'Are you looking for in tomorrow night's results …the beginning of the discussion within the Republican Party about how to rebuild itself into something resembling a coherent party?' Former Jeb Bush communications director and 'political strategist' Tim Miller said, 'I have a lot of pessimism about where the party goes.' 
After the results came in, left-wing journalist John Nichols became despondent, writing in his most recent column that 'The Democratic Party had not lost a presidential race in Wisconsin since 1984. But it did in 2016. The Democratic Party had not lost a Wisconsin U.S. Senate race in a presidential election year since 1980. But it did in 2016.' 
But it gets worse. 'The Democratic Party has been decimated in the state Legislature,' he writes from Wisconsin, 'with a Senate caucus that looks likely to have 13 seats (the smallest total since Richard Nixon was president) and an Assembly caucus with 35 members (the smallest total since Dwight Eisenhower was president).' 
In Wisconsin, as noted by Wisconsin Public Radio, Republican Governor Scott Walker will have his biggest GOP majorities yet when lawmakers return to Madison next year. 
Nichols, who writes for The Capital Times, says the Democratic Party of Wisconsin 'is going to need to rethink and remake itself,' but that 'this is not just a Wisconsin problem. This is a national crisis.' His solution is to elect a radical Muslim, Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN), as chairman of the Democratic National Committee. 
Frank Gaffney of the Center for Security Policy rightly notes , 'One would think that the last thing Democrats want to publicize after their wholesale repudiation by American voters is their party's ties to radical leftists and Islamic supremacists.' Yet, he goes on, that will be the 'predictable effect' of Ellison leading the Democratic National Committee. 
Nichols is not alone in recommending Ellison as DNC chair. Ellison is backed by Senators Bernie Sanders (I-VT), Charles Schumer (D-NY) and Elizabeth Warren (D-MA). 
Going further left, in this case embracing a 'fiery critic of Israel,' is starting to attract some media scrutiny. The embrace of Ellison could be interpreted as a death wish by the Democratic Party. 
The political situation has changed dramatically. Five years ago Nichols was telling the Democratic Socialists of America that the progressive movement was on the move, and that this process of revolutionary change would continue. So what happened? Simply put, the Democratic Party abandoned the working class, once considered the cornerstone of the Marxist revolution. 
Scott Paul, president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing , calls it 'The Blue Collar Election.' He says, 'A week has passed since election night, and if it wasn't clear then, it is now: Economic pain in the industrial states is real and has shocked our politics.' 
In order for the Republican Party to take advantage of this dramatic shift, President-elect Donald Trump has to get tough with foreign countries. Kevin L. Kearns, president of the U.S. Business & Industry Council, says that Trump will face a lot of opposition as he pursues a 'balanced trade' agenda. His antagonists include 'Wall Street institutions, multinational corporations, major business organizations, academic economists, editorial boards, business journalists, opinion writers, bloggers, and the generally knowledge-free mainstream media,' Kearns writes . 
His remark about a 'knowledge-free mainstream media' is right on target. But as we have seen in coverage of the campaign and their predictions about the results, a lack of knowledge hasn't stopped the media from claiming to be knowledgeable. 
The media may sound stupid, but they must realize that if the Republicans are able to accommodate the interests of their new Blue Collar constituency and bring forth a balanced trade and pro-growth agenda, the Democrats will be left with a constituency consisting of a few Muslims, some gays and transgenders, student debt-laden young people, and the radical pro-abortion feminist lobby. It's difficult to see how the Democrats can assemble a majority out of that. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0

ARTICLE

  No, Hate Crimes Have NOT 'Intensified' Since Trump's Election No, Hate Crimes Have NOT 'Intensified' Since Trump's Election November 17, 2016, 9:34 am by Guest Author Leave a Comment 0 
By: Renee Nal | New Zeal Screenshot from ABC News Report (red commentary added) 
One of the many lies stemming from the mainstream media in the wake of Donald Trump's election is that hate crimes have increased. The source of this ridiculous whopper is the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), whose embarrassingly biased reports from partisan hacks are reflective of the mainstream 'news' outlets that cite the group as a legitimate source. 
Any reasonable journalist can take the most cursory of glances at the silly report to see at best, that it is not a valid source. The 'hateful intimidation and harassment' cited by the SPLC are, of course, not listed and therefore cannot be subject to scrutiny. This information, according to SPLC , was 'collected through news reports, social media, and direct submissions via SPLC's #ReportHate page' and is 'largely anecdotal.' 
The phrase 'largely anecdotal' should be a clue for mainstream media sources reporting about the so-called spike in hate crimes. 
Watch this report, which is based on the fake report from the SPLC: 
The New York Times , who recently pledged to be more honest or something, reported that 'attacks against American Muslims surged last year' citing the FBI (which leads to a broken link at the time of this writing) and the Southern Poverty Law Center, which immediately makes their entire article suspect: 
'Since the election, hate crime monitors like the Southern Poverty Law Center have reported a rash of verbal or physical abuse targeting minorities and others at schools, mosques and elsewhere.' 
There is no evidence. There is no due process. There are no convictions. Yet the mainstream media has been parroting the lie that hate crimes have increased since Donald Trump's election. 
Mainstream journalists have resources. They have money, they have numerous researchers and they have a massive platform. Yet, these same organizations do not bother to use their vast resources to inform Americans of the truth about the SPLC's fake report. This is why they have lost the trust of the American people. 
Last year, the SPLC had an ' operating budget ' of over $35 million dollars. They have an endowment fund of over $300 million dollars. 
Read More: Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under "Key Links in our Chains," below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA ("progressive" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, " Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment " and our earlier, "Marxist President's Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic "sense" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.

ARTICLE

  WATCH! Six Communists Arrested After Attacking Trump Supporters, Media Yawns (Video) WATCH! Six Communists Arrested After Attacking Trump Supporters, Media Yawns (Video) November 16, 2016, 1:46 pm by Guest Author Leave a Comment 0 
By: Renee Nal | New Zeal Top row: Jarred Roark, 34 (Left); Taylor Tomas Chase, 21 (Center); Joseph Wayne George, 36 (Right); Bottom row: Samuel Benjamin Lauber, 21 (Left); Jason Peterson, 24 (Center); Jade Tabitha Shackelford, 19 (Right). (Photo: DPS) 
Communists from the ' Red Guards Austin ' were arrested after violently attacking Trump supporters during an anti-Trump rally at the Capitol on Sunday night, as reported at a local CBS affiliate . 
Trevor Loudon is well aware of the violent and 'secretive' Red Guards Austin, who he describes as 'extreme Maoist.' This communist group, Loudon explains, is 'aligned with the Red Guards Los Angeles and the Kansas City Missouri-based Progressive Youth Organization , both of which were heavily involved in anti-Trump protests before the election.' 
Referring to the arrests, the Red Guards Austin posted the following on Facebook using the code name 'Puka' for one of those arrested: 
A brief perusal of Red Guards Austin Facebook page reveals that this anti-capitalist group is not interested in peace. Advertising an anti-Trump rally last Thursday, they wrote : 
'Calling all militants. F— the police. Show up if your pissed at this system and lets shut s— down.' 
The communist group shared an event for students from the ' Revolutionary Student Front ' (which describes itself as a 'revolutionary anti-capitalist student movement' ) scheduled for this Friday night called ''Not My President' to 'No More Presidents!'' which seeks to build 'a movement that can create a revolution to end capitalism will burn the oppressive roots from which fascism grows:' 
'With Donald Trump as president-elect, a lot of us are wondering how we got here and what we can do about it. The Democratic Party won't save us; even 'progressives' like Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren have said they'll work together with President Trump. Peaceful protest won't save us ; as Stokely Carmichael said, 'Nonviolence only works if your opponent has a conscience. The United States has none.' 
The only thing that has stopped fascism historically is an organized anti-fascist fighting force; Hitler was only stopped by the Red Army. The rising wave of fascist movements emboldened by Trump's presidency can only be countered by an even more bold mass movement of anti-capitalist resistance. Now more than ever, the steps necessary for building this type of mass revolutionary movement need to be made. And only a movement that can create a revolution to end capitalism will burn the oppressive roots from which fascism grows. 
Join the Revolutionary Student Front at Jester A203A (tentative) on 6:30 on Thursday, to talk about the concrete steps necessary in building power on campus as working-class students to create a better world and defend each other from the threat of fascism.' 
The Revolutionary Student Front supports the Red Guards Austin, according to this post: Red Guard Austin are friends with the Revolutionary Student Front – Austin 
The Red Guard Austin's cover photo on Facebook: Red Guards Austin Facebook photo 
The Revolutionarfy Student Front gives tips to protesters who are 'new to protests that are more on the disruptive and confrontational side,' such as writing the phone number of the National Lawyers Guild on the protester's arm before the protest. Not surprisingly, the communist agitators do not discourage violence. 
Watch a local CBS affiliate report (mildly) on the arrest: 
The same communist organization attacked Alex Jones during a pro-life rally in May, 2015. 
Watch the video here: 
It is highly unusual for a local news report to identify 'activists' as members of communist groups, although the majority (if not all) of the recent anti-Trump protests are indeed organized by communists. 
READ MORE:

ARTICLE

  We are Gulag Bound / *Resisters' Log* / Pope Francis: '…it is the communists who think like Christians' Pope Francis: '…it is the communists who think like Christians' November 20, 2016, 4:37 am by Guest Author Leave a Comment 0 
By: Renee Nal | New Zeal Pope Francis climbs the steps to the altar upon arriving to give the first mass of his visit to Cuba in Havana's Revolution Square, Sept. 20. 
Last week, Pope Francis told Italian journalist and co-founder of the newspaper La Repubblica Eugenio Scalfari that '…it is the communists who think like Christians.' 
Here is the exchange: 
Q: You told me some time ago that the precept, 'Love your neighbour as thyself' had to change, given the dark times that we are going through, and become 'more than thyself.' So you yearn for a society where equality dominates. This, as you know, is the programme of Marxist socialism and then of communism. Are you therefore thinking of a Marxist type of society? 
A: 'It it has been said many times and my response has always been that, if anything, it is the communists who think like Christians. Christ spoke of a society where the poor, the weak and the marginalized have the right to decide. Not demagogues, not Barabbas, but the people, the poor, whether they have faith in a transcendent God or not. It is they who must help to achieve equality and freedom'. 
Pope Francis also used a familiar progressive expression surrounding immigrants. He said in part, '…we need to break down walls and build bridges…' The pontiff said in part: 
We must break down the walls that divide us: we must try to increase well-being and make it more widespread, but to achieve this we need to break down walls and build bridges that allow us to reduce inequality and increase freedom and rights. More rights and greater freedom.' Wall at Vatican City 
As an aside, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerburg was quoted in April as saying, 'Instead of building walls we can help build bridges.' Just one month later, Zuckerburg reportedly '…started buying parcels around his Palo Alto home to protect his privacy.' 0 Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under "Key Links in our Chains," below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA ("progressive" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, " Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment " and our earlier, "Marxist President's Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic "sense" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.

ARTICLE

  *Articles of the Bound* / Trump's Amazing Victory Against a Stacked Deck Trump's Amazing Victory Against a Stacked Deck November 18, 2016, 2:27 pm by Roger Aronoff Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
While the media and the Democrats are in disarray over last week's elections, it looks like President-elect Donald Trump's honeymoon is over before it even began. While there may have been a few reports in the past week that were simply factual about Trump's transition team and process, virtually all of the reports in the mainstream media have been negative and even hostile towards Trump, his transition team and his supporters. 
The media meltdown that accompanied Trump's victory last week has been a sight to behold. How could they have completely missed this outcome?, they wondered. Most of the articles—such as those by The Washington Post (sampling, weighting and voter estimation), The New York Times (misunderstanding major swaths of our country), and Pew Research (underestimating Trump's support and 'non-response bias')—attempted to explain away their acknowledged failure. Hillary Clinton and her campaign manager John Podesta are blaming the media, and FBI Director James Comey for his public comments on the ongoing investigation into Hillary's mishandling of classified information. 
But this misses the larger point. In spite of a thoroughly biased and corrupt news media and popular culture that worked their collective hearts out to rid the country and the world of what they viewed as an uncouth, dangerous egotistical businessman and reality TV star, a significant majority, as measured through our Constitutional system of the Electoral College, chose Trump over Hillary. Yes, Hillary won the popular vote, but that's not how we elect our president. 
Whether Trump's campaign was brilliant, or he was running against such a flawed candidate that he pulled off a win in spite of himself, will long be a subject of dispute. But he did just that. Along the way, he knocked off two political dynasties: Bush and Clinton. Through WikiLeaks, the FBI investigation, Project Veritas—which revealed ties between the Clinton campaign, the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and various left-wing activist groups that plotted to create violence and havoc at Trump rallies and pursue efforts at voter fraud—the public learned enough to understand how corrupt and manipulative the Democrat Party and its top leaders had become. 
Another explanation is that Trump was the beneficiary of billions of dollars of free publicity on TV that enabled his victory. But the truth is that at least 90 percent of that attention was negative, intended to make him look bad—and some of it deservedly so. Trump did have conservative talk-radio on his side, and several spokespeople who got considerable air time. He had Sean Hannity's support, and otherwise fairly balanced coverage on Fox News. 
But for the most part, the media were apoplectic at the outcome of the election. In essence, their narrative was that Trump was beyond the pale, and that reports of Hillary's actions were exaggerated and false, especially concerning her handling of classified material, and her actions as secretary of state that might have influenced payments to the Clinton Foundation, to Bill Clinton personally, and to allies of the Clintons, such as in Haiti. 
Brian Stelter of CNN's Reliable Sources said, 'Donald Trump was tapping into something that already existed, which was distrust of the media, particularly on the right, but among many Americans who for various reasons distrust the media, partly because they're told to by conservative talk radio hosts like Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity. But Trump exploited that mistrust and deepened it…Trump tapped into that anger at the media and made it much, much worse.' 
Over at MSNBC, Lawrence O'Donnell called Trump a 'tyrant,' and said that the Democrats in Congress must do all they can to block him. Rachel Maddow then referred to Trump as 'vengeance minded.' Not much of a honeymoon. 
I have heard very few complaints about Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson or Green Party candidate Jill Stein. Granted, we don't really know how many of those who voted for them would have otherwise voted for Hillary, Trump, or stayed home. But, take Michigan, for example. That is the one state that, according to most websites keeping track, still hasn't been officially called. Trump leads by less than 12,000 votes, while Johnson received 173,000 votes and Stein 50,000. In Wisconsin, Trump won by 27,000, while Johnson received 106,000, and Stein got 31,000. Regarding Florida, Trump won by 120,000, Johnson received 206,000 votes while Stein got 64,000. 
Trump could have lost Wisconsin and Michigan and still have received enough electoral votes to win. But if he also had lost Florida, Hillary would have won. In Pennsylvania, Trump won by 64,000, while Johnson/Stein won 190,000 votes. Remember Ralph Nader in 2000? He earned the wrath of Democrats forever for supposedly preventing Al Gore from winning Florida. But that anger aimed at third-party candidates doesn't seem to have caught on this year. Despite the many pleas from Bernie Sanders (I-VT), Hillary, and the Obamas to not vote for third party candidates, many did anyway. 
And now, Republicans dominate the political landscape, with 33 governors, 68 of 99 legislative bodies across the country, the House, the Senate and the White House. The left-wing website Daily Kos has published the best graphics that I found on how dramatic the Republican dominance of the political landscape across the country actually is. Currently Republicans outnumber Democrats in the Senate by 52 to 48. But in 2018, Democrats must defend 25 seats (including the two Independent senators who caucus with the Democrats), while the GOP must defend only eight seats. The Democrats thought that bringing out some big guns—former Sen. Russ Feingold (WI), former Sen. Evan Bayh (IN) and former Gov. Ted Strickland (OH)—would give them control of the Senate. But all three lost. Hillary is being criticized for never having gone to Wisconsin to campaign, overconfident that she would win it. The Democrat blame game and finger-pointing is only beginning 
Hillary never held an open press conference throughout this entire year. It was always controlled situations whenever she met the press. 
Trump struck a chord with many who haven't been voting in recent elections through his relentless attacks on the bias and dishonesty of the media, and on the incompetence and corruption of the Obama/Clinton administration. Hillary wrapped herself in Obama's supposed popularity—he and Michelle certainly worked hard for her victory, at least in the last month or so—but in the end, it was to no avail. His appeal to certain voters didn't transfer to Hillary. 
What is remarkable about Trump's victory is what he had to overcome to win. Besides the media, two former Republican presidents, Google, Facebook, Pope Francis, pollsters, a money gap ( reports indicate that Hillary raised $380 million more than Trump), Trump's inexperience, and the complete panoply of pop culture—from Lady Gaga to Katy Perry to Miley Cyrus; Bruce Springsteen, Bon Jovi, Jimmy Kimmel, Jimmy Fallon, Stephen Colbert, everyone on the Comedy Central Channel, many scripted shows such as 'Madam Secretary,' and LeBron James—there was active voter fraud, some of which the Public Interest Legal Foundation has documented . And still Trump won. 
The name-calling, caterwauling, crying and disgust will continue on the left, as they figure out how to pick up the pieces and move forward. Roger Aronoff 
Roger Aronoff is the Editor of Accuracy in Media, and a member of the Citizens' Commission on Benghazi . He can be contacted at roger.aronoff@aim.org . View the complete archives from Roger Aronoff . 0

ARTICLE

  *Articles of the Bound* / Abortion Extremist May Run for Top Democratic Post Abortion Extremist May Run for Top Democratic Post November 21, 2016, 7:21 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
With radical Muslim Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) already in the running for chairman of the Democratic National Committee (DNC), another extremist is considering entering the race. Ilyse Hogue, the president of NARAL Pro-Choice America, made a name for herself at the Democratic National Convention with a speech proclaiming that she had an abortion because a baby would interfere with her career plans. 
'I wanted a family, but it was the wrong time,' Hogue said in her speech justifying her abortion. 
A veteran of the 'progressive' movement, she worked for David Brock's Media Matters , a George Soros-funded group that works to push the media even further to the left by eliminating conservative news and viewers. She also worked for MoveOn.org, another Soros-funded group that got its name from a desire to 'move on' from Bill Clinton's disgraceful sexual affair with a White House intern, and stop the Republican Congress from impeaching the former president. Clinton was impeached by the House but not convicted in the Senate. 
Hogue's speech was described as the first time that a woman boasted about having an abortion at a national political party convention. Cecile Richards of Planned Parenthood, which performs abortions, said she was 'so proud' to watch it. 
Hogue's old employer, Media Matters, said the speech was designed to eliminate the 'stigma' that abortion is morally wrong and/or socially unacceptable, and that the media should have given it more attention. 
But the millions of Democrats who are pro-life, an estimated one in three, may not have appreciated the spectacle. 
Kristen Day, executive director of Democrats for Life of America, says , 'For years, Democrats have been eroding their base of pro-life voters as abortion opponents flee to the Independent category and Republican Party. Democrats for Life of America staff have done an analysis that shows a close correlation between loss of pro-life Democratic seats and the overall decline of Democrats in Congress. The recent election reflects the party's shift to wholesale support for the abortion industry.' 
She said the Democratic Party lost the November 8 election, 'thanks in large part to the party's extreme abortion position,' and that 'the party is slowly dying and on the way to being irrelevant if it does not start a dialogue with its pro-life members.' 
Hillary Clinton supported abortion up until the moment of birth and advocated taxpayer funding of abortion. 
'Standing on a severe party platform on abortion, Hillary Clinton lost soft Republicans, anti-abortion Independents, and millions of pro-life voters in her own party,' the group said. 'She lost key states, long part of the Democrats' Blue Wall, such as Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin…' If the Democratic Party continues moving left on the issue, she said, it risks becoming 'the party of coastal, urban elites' without support in Middle America. 
Hogue's group, NARAL Pro-Choice America, was established in 1969 as the National Association for the Repeal of Abortion Laws. NARAL's co-founder, Dr. Bernard N. Nathanson, was an abortionist who converted to the pro-life cause when he became convinced by science that the fetus was an unborn baby with the right to life. Later, he converted to Catholicism. 
Another important item on Hogue's resumé, her time serving as a 'Senior Advisor' to the Soros-funded Media Matters, has become more significant after the release of one of the Clinton campaign emails by WikiLeaks. It shows staffers for Media Matters attending the national Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in order to discover and expose 'truly crazy' views held by conservatives and wondering if any other liberals were there 'on the sly' to secretly monitor what was going on. 
The idea that women should celebrate abortion because it enables feminists to pursue careers may have been popular at the Democratic Party's convention, but it is not considered morally acceptable by many people, including women. 
'What Hogue and NARAL don't seem to grasp is that their definition of feminism, along with the targeting of a weaker individual—a woman's own child—diminishes women as a whole,' countered Carole Novielli at Live Action News. 'The sign of a strong woman is not in how quickly she will sacrifice her own flesh and blood for personal ambition, but in how she maintains her dignity and that of her child while working through a challenging situation to find real solutions.' 
Former abortionist Nathanson said in an interview that the abortion rights movement used deception and dirty tricks to make abortion legal and socially acceptable in the United States. One tactic, he said, was to depict Catholic opponents of abortion as 'socially backward.' He said 'the media drum-fired all this into the American people, persuading them that anyone opposing permissive abortion must be under the influence of the Catholic hierarchy and that Catholics in favor of abortion are enlightened and forward-looking.' 
As revealed in the Clinton campaign emails released by WikiLeaks, the same strategy is still being used today. John Halpin, a senior fellow for the Soros-funded Center for American Progress, referred to Catholic beliefs on sexuality matters as 'severely backwards.' 
Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput cited this and other material in the emails as evidence that the Clinton entourage was 'riddled with anti-Catholic bigots.' He noted that Sandy Newman, president of Voices for Progress, had emailed Hillary campaign chairman John Podesta to ask about whether 'the bishops opposing contraceptive coverage' in Obamacare could be the tinder for a revolution. 'There needs to be a Catholic Spring, in which Catholics themselves demand the end of a middle ages [sic] dictatorship,' Newman wrote. 
'Of course it would be wonderful for the Clinton campaign to repudiate the content of these ugly WikiLeaks emails,' Chaput said. 'All of us backward-thinking Catholics who actually believe what Scripture and the Church teach would be so very grateful.' 
Rather than repudiate the emails, a pro-abortion feminist who is proud of her abortion is now apparently in the running for the position of DNC chair. 
If she does run, The Huffington Post says the DNC contest could be seen in 'progressive circles as a proxy do-over of the Sanders-Hillary Clinton Democratic primary, with all the acrimony that came with it.' Ellison backed Sanders and Hogue supported Hillary. 
Hogue was photographed on the verge of tears as the news came in on election night that Clinton was going down to defeat. Cheers, not tears, greeted her news at the convention that she had an abortion because having a baby was an inconvenience. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / *Articles of the Bound* / EXCLUSIVE: Keith Ellison's Student Anti-Capitalist and Anti-Police Activism (Video) EXCLUSIVE: Keith Ellison's Student Anti-Capitalist and Anti-Police Activism (Video) November 22, 2016, 8:13 am by Guest Author Leave a Comment 0 
By: Renee Nal | New Zeal Keith Ellison (right) in a June 1989 issue of 'Forward Motion' responding to 'police brutality' 
In the wake of communist-fueled anti-police sentiment resulting in relentless, brutal attacks on America's law enforcement officials, a look at prospective DNC leader Keith Ellison 's radical anti-police and anti-capitalist history is in order. 
As Trevor Loudon reveals in his film the Enemies Within , Keith Ellison is a 'perfect example of the Muslim/Marxist alliance.' In his 'student radical days,' the young Marxist was condemning capitalism and 'police brutality' around the same time he converted to Islam. In 1989, Keith Ellison was featured in ' Forward Motion ,' the now-defunct print magazine of the Freedom Road Socialist Organization – the same group that eventually spawned the 'Black Lives Matter' movement. 
The article was titled 'Battling the Rise in Police Brutality' and is not found online. Keith Ellison at the FRSO print magazine 'Forward Motion,' June 1989 
In the article, Ellison lashed out at 'white supremacy' and 'capitalism' as being responsible for drug use by black Americans: Keith Ellison as quoted at the FRSO print magazine 'Forward Motion,' June 1989 
Ellison expressed concern later in the same article that working with organized labor may lead to a 'white supremacist problem.' Keith Ellison as quoted at the FRSO print magazine 'Forward Motion,' June 1989 
Here, Keith Ellison discusses the 'contradictions' surrounding how those in the progressive movement to convince black Americans that 'white supremacy is an evil system' are 'predominately white.' Keith Ellison as quoted at the FRSO print magazine 'Forward Motion,' June 1989 
Trevor Loudon documents more on Keith Ellison here. 
The late communist party member Erwin Marquit explains in his memoirs how the radical left worked to elect Keith Ellison in 2006: 
'To gather support for Ellison, I suggested to [ Communist Party USA members] April Knutson and Jim Knutson that they draft a letter addressed to activists in the peace movement urging them to support Ellison. 
Doris and I and the Knutsons then solicited signatures to the letter from among well-known peace activists. In July, we circulated the letter as widely as possible. Doris and I volunteered to cosponsor a fundraiser for Ellison in our home on 24 July with our neighbors Dave Holets and his wife Nancy Arneson. Dave, already retired, had been in charge of managing the finances of the School of Physics and Astronomy. Together, we leafleted the immediate neighborhood with invitations to the fundraiser. 
On 21 and 22 July, I went into St. Louis Park, a suburb just west of the city line, a block and a half from our home, to do door knocking. When someone appeared at the door, I would begin by introducing myself by name. I was not surprised when one of the first responses I got was, 'Oh, you're the Communist at the University of Minnesota.' Two or three others recognized me in a similar manner. The fact that I was campaigning for Ellison did not seem to bother any of them. ' (emphasis added) 
Watch this clip on Keith Ellison from Trevor Loudon's film, The Enemies Within: 0

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / *Articles of the Bound* / The Liberal Media Hacks Will Never Change The Liberal Media Hacks Will Never Change November 22, 2016, 8:34 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
In announcing his challenge to Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) for leadership of the House Democrats, Rep. Tim Ryan (D-OH) used an old quotation, saying that the definition of insanity is to do the 'same thing over and over again and keep getting the same results.' He meant that the Democrats keep losing seats with the same leaders and the same message. But the famous quote also applies to the liberal media, who use the same talking heads to make the same points over and over again, even after they were humiliated by Donald J. Trump on Election Day. 
Interviewing former Utah Governor Mike Leavitt (R) on Monday on MSNBC, Kristen Welker of NBC News demonstrated how the bias works on a day-to-day basis. She contrasted the 'impassioned' partisan plea from the cast of the Broadway show ' Hamilton ' to Vice President-elect Mike Pence with the president-elect's 'Twitter storm' in response. She wondered if Trump's tweets were presidential, but did not question if it was appropriate for the 'Hamilton' cast to use their production for political purposes. Leavitt gave a diplomatic answer, saying Twitter was a new way for a president to communicate. 
It is also a very effective way. The media know it and don't like it. In just a few words, Trump can effectively expose liberal bias. He called the show 'overrated' and said the crew had harassed Pence, adding, 'The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!' 
On CNN, anchor Chris Cuomo was troubled by Trump's use of Twitter in response to the 'Hamilton' controversy. His former campaign manager Kellyanne Conway replied , 'Why do you care?' 
It's a good question, and she knows the answer. She noted that Trump is 'just trying to cut through the nonsense' of what the media and other opponents of Trump want people to believe. 
Trump beat the media, as well as the Democrats, on Election Day. Of course, the emails from WikiLeaks demonstrated that they are one and the same. 
In this context, Politico is emerging as one of the most dishonest publications in the Trump era. A Politico story by Kelsey Hutton about media collusion with the Clinton campaign said , 'most of the correspondences revealed by WikiLeaks consisted of reporters asking for comment, setting up in-person meetings and trying to get information from sources, which is a reporter's job.' 
AIM's Spencer Irvine noted that the WikiLeaks e-mails exposed how the liberal media establishment 'has worked almost hand-in-hand with the Hillary Clinton campaign.' He cited ten examples, including: Politico reporter Glenn Thrush admitted to being a 'hack,' writing to her campaign chairman John Podesta, 'Because I have become a hack I will send u the whole section' of a story he was writing. 
A 'hack' is usually defined as a person who is supposed to be a professional but does mediocre work. 
Another Thrush email to Podesta about an Obama White House story said, 'you are in the thing…in a good way…but could really use your insights…sorry to be a pain in the ass.' This is not asking for comment. It constitutes flattery, in the context of assuring him that he's already covered 'in a good way' and begging for more quotes. 
The Clinton campaign got an article from Politico in advance of publication that contained some mild criticism of Hillary. The article was provided in advance so the Clinton campaign could formulate a response. 
Politico has a media reporter, Jack Shafer, who tried to rationalize much of the collusion in a story that carried the headlines, 'WikiLeaks and the Oily Washington Press. A bunch of reporters got caught up in the Podesta flypaper. How bad is it, really?' The final headline suggested it was much ado about nothing. 
He admitted that Politico reporter Glenn Thrush sent Podesta 'a chunk of his story-in-progress,' but that he was among many reporters who 'appear to have conned their way into the inner sanctums to produce creditable work that is accurate and useful to readers.' He added, 'What appear to be compromises ultimately redound to their favor.' 
In other words, Thrush was acting like a sycophant just to get information. Is this what modern journalism has become? What happened to speaking truth to power? 
Shafer said, 'In my own journalism, this isn't how I work: I don't give my sources a sneak preview of what I'm writing—unless the topic is technical and complicated (law, medicine, science, tech, et al.) and demands an expert's checkmark.' 
Nevertheless, there has been no apology from Politico senior management over Thrush's pathetically subservient coverage of the Democrats. They will just move on, doing the same thing over and over again, hoping that we will all forget what they have done. 
We won't. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0

ARTICLE

  We are Gulag Bound / *Resisters' Log* / Trump, Russia, and Spies Trump, Russia, and Spies November 23, 2016, 6:49 am by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
America's Survival 
Jeff Nyquist, a geopolitical analyst who has written several books on Soviet/Russian strategy, discusses President-elect Trump's picks for National Security Adviser and director of the CIA, as well as Obama CIA director John Brennan's admission of once voting communist. 0 Gulag-wide Bulletins from Sovereignty Unbound We respect your privacy, time, and inbox. Track us Down @GulagBound Like the Gulag There are many important matters that Gulag Bound itself is not treating on a daily basis. For that reason we suggest The Globe & Malevolence and the sites shown under "Key Links in our Chains," below. Your Daily Intelligence Brief MattSkosh on Secret Service Agents Pay a Visit to Anti-Obama Artist Sabo Tags activism Agenda 21 anti-American revolution authoritarianism Barack Hussein Obama II candidate eligibility collectivists & propaganda communisty organizations corruption crisis strategy Democrat finance & banking fraud George Soros globalism - NWO global Marxist-fascist movement government domination of resources history illegal immigration Islam Islamism jihad jihadism Israel kleptocracy labor unions Marxism Marxofascism Marxstream media Military Mitt Romney Obamacare health control Occupy Wall Street race-baiting/racism Republican Right of Private Property Russia Sovereignty Tea Party terrorism U.S. Congress U.S. Constitution U.S. Presidency (POTUS) United Nations (UN) video violence voting youth & education Sabotage What good will it do, to protect the United States of America, or our presumed interests against the aggressiveness of China, Russia, or Islam, if, partially in fear of these threats, we lose our free and independent nation to the stealth imperialism of transnational and global governance? As America threatens to shatter, we must see how a semi-covert, global, cartel collective and their NWO in the USA ("progressive" neo-Marxists and neo-fascists corporatists, updated with 21st Century techniques and technology) intentionally perpetrate this sabotage, while we patriots try to prevent it. Have a look around our camp, as we struggle to survive. - your tour guide Archives Militarization in America About DHS militarization, see the new, breakthrough analysis from James Simpson, " Police Militarization, Abuses of Power, and the Road to Impeachment " and our earlier, "Marxist President's Military Exercises in These U.S. Cities; Yours One?" 
About the trajectory of this, we must pray, communicate, keep calm, and do not become the first to engage. If it comes to it, do not even respond in kind, until after the after the first times that extreme, anti-American violence is done by them. It calls for an attitude of self sacrifice -- first cheek, second cheek, then no more. 
And speak out about the potential and strategic "sense" of the Obama/NWO's DHS carrying out false flag missions of violence, blaming it on American patriots, perhaps upon our militia movements. 
We are in a real war, right now (of which others and I have been trying to alert fellow Sovereign Citizens for years) and the prime war is for the minds, hearts, and wills of the American People. We are opposed by an anti-American insurrection using any means of power (see Gramsci, Frankfurt School) including government power, as they are granted that opportunity.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / *Articles of the Bound* / Can Trump Survive the Media Onslaught? Can Trump Survive the Media Onslaught? November 23, 2016, 12:48 pm by Cliff Kincaid Leave a Comment 0 
Accuracy in Media 
With CNN and MSNBC depicting the incoming Trump administration as the advent of a Fourth Reich, it should be obvious that the President-elect will have to go beyond his blistering tweets to cultivating sympathetic media and getting his own message out in a systematic way. But is the Trump transition team up to the job? 
President Obama was ahead of the curve in this regard, having established an office of 'Progressive Media and Online Response' to cooperate with 'progressive' media sources. The Hillary Clinton presidential campaign understood this form of 'outreach' as well, as we saw in the WikiLeaks disclosures of how they colluded with major media outlets and reporters. Trump has used tweets, meetings with the press, official statements, and an occasional video. But much more will be needed if the President-elect hopes to survive the transition with a team in power that can get things done and communicate directly with the American people. 
In addition to Trump's tweets, which serve a legitimate purpose, the President-elect should consider a position that is comparable to what the Obama administration had, albeit with a focus on conservative and alternative news media. Trump appears to have great confidence in Dan Scavino , who now carries the title of Director of Social Media & Senior Advisor to President-elect Trump. Scavino has a fascinating bio and has worked for Trump nearly half his life, including as the former Executive Vice President and General Manager of Trump National Golf Club, Westchester. But it's not clear what role he is playing in the presidential transition. 
What Obama did is worth studying. Jesse Lee was named as the White House Director of Progressive Media and Online Response in 2011. He helped Obama win a second term. According to Lee's bio , he previously worked as Online Programs Director in the White House and in the New Media department for the Presidential Transition team doing online outreach. He also had worked in online communications for the Democratic National Committee leading up to the 2008 election, served as Senior New Media Advisor to Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) for the 110th Congress, and helped the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee launch its online program from 2004 to 2006. 
His current effort , as special assistant to the president and 'director of rapid response,' includes dissemination of propaganda points about the greatness of Obamacare and other Obama administration initiatives. 
While the Trump administration is being painted by the media as an extension of the White Power movement, it's clear that the Democrats, including Obama, are going on the attack. Together, the media and the Democratic Party are functioning as the new obstructionists, determined to thwart progress and destroy the next administration's nominees. Trump calls the media names and issues tweets, but there doesn't seem to be much else being done in response to this coordinated assault. 
A group called UltraViolet has placed full-page ads in The Arizona Republic, The Lincoln Star Journal, and The Reno Gazette Journal attacking Republican senators Jeff Flake (AZ), Deb Fischer (NE), and Dean Heller (NV) 'for failing to speak out' against Trump's appointment of Stephen Bannon, 'a white supremacist and domestic abuser,' as chief White House strategist. The first charge is apparently a reference to Bannon's Breitbart News having covered groups which talk about protecting the European heritage and Judeo-Christian traditions of the United States and other Western nations. Some of these groups are controversial and out of the conservative mainstream. But the idea that they are in favor of white supremacy is ludicrous. The 'domestic abuser' charge against Bannon was dismissed as a spurious accusation made by an angry spouse in a divorce case. 
Significantly, UltraViolet is run by Nita Chaudhary, who is married to Obama White House official Jesse Lee. She served as the Democratic National Committee's first Director of Online during the 2004 cycle and started her career at People for the American Way. She was also the National Campaigns and Organizing Director at MoveOn.org Political Action. 
Publicly, Democrats are saying that they intend to work with the Trump administration on some issues. Consider that the University of Arizona just took out a full-page ad in Politico, advertising a statement from the ' National Institute for Civil Discourse ,' whose members include such prominent Democrats as former U.S. Secretary of Labor Robert Reich, a Professor of Public Policy at the University of California at Berkeley. The statement signed by Reich and others says Americans should move beyond the 'bitter' election and 'ensure that America's next chapter is civil and respectful…' 
Despite talk of 'civil discourse,' Reich has just written a column titled, 'The Trump Administration Will Be the Most Dangerous Since Richard Nixon.' And he writes this before Trump takes office! 
Rather than take a wait-and-see attitude, Reich has also written a column , 'The First 100 Day Resistance Agenda,' in which he advises, 'Get Democrats in the Congress and across the country to pledge to oppose Trump's agenda. Prolong the process of approving choices, draw out hearings, stand up as sanctuary cities and states.' He also suggests, 'Boycott all Trump products, real estate, hotels, resorts, everything. And then boycott all stores (like Nordstrom) that carry merchandise from Trump family brands.' 
Reich is a Democrat double-talker who puts his name on a statement promising peace and harmony, while telling the far-left to do everything possible to obstruct and destroy the next administration. 
Reich's double-talk will not be worthy of any media scrutiny, of course. 
One way to overcome this onslaught is to continue to go on the offensive, not only against the media but also the media's darlings, such as Hillary Clinton. When the liberal media see that Trump is apparently backing away from holding Mrs. Clinton accountable for her corruption, they know they are winning the information war and that they have the President-elect on the run. 
Meeting personally with The New York Times, as Trump did on Tuesday, will not mollify his critics. The media will see such a meeting as a sign of weakness. He needs to reach out to allies in the media who are willing to cover him and his administration in a fair and objective manner. Another way to do this is to open up the White House press briefings of his new administration to conservative bloggers and media outlets. There's no reason to reserve front-row seats for what he once called the 'crooked media.' Let them stand in the back with their hands raised. Cliff Kincaid 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid . 0

