ARTICLE

BREAKING : Bay of Pigs Veterans Association Endorses Donald Trump BREAKING : Bay of Pigs Veterans Association Endorses Donald Trump Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 26, 2016 Our vets love Trump. 
They know he's the ONLY one who can fix the broken system. 
Our vets are dying in the streets and the hallways of VA hospitals, while illegals and refugees enjoy taxpayer 'freebies.” 
The ONLY way this will change is by getting rid of the global liberals and voting AMERICA FIRST! 
In an emotional meeting, Trump spoke to the Bay of Pigs veterans, who proudly endorsed him. 
Donald reassured them all that we would 'Make America Great Again.” 
One vet, at the end of the clip, can be seen wiping his eyes. 
He knows his country is LOST and this is the last chance to get it back. 
Don't let him down, America. 
Watch the video: Truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association. #MAGA #ImWithYou pic.twitter.com/U7xVj1ajMs 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 25, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Undercover Video Exposes Obama's Plan to Make American 'Gun Laws” More Like Britain Undercover Video Exposes Obama's Plan to Make American 'Gun Laws” More Like Britain Videos By Amy Moreno October 26, 2016 
We know that Obama and Hillary want to take away of Second Amendment right. 
They say we're just paranoid freaks for thinking that way. 
But we know, right? 
This undercover video exposes a close Obama advisor speaking about Obama's 'issue” which is to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence. 
FYI, HANDGUNS ARE ILLEGAL IN BRITAIN – YOU CAN ONLY OWN 'SPORTING RIFLES” AND THAT'S SUBJECT TO LICENSING. 
Don't think it can happen here? 
Elect Hillary and a liberal Supreme Court and watch. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

SHOCK VIDEO : Hillary Needs Help Climbing ONE SINGLE STEP in Florida SHOCK VIDEO : Hillary Needs Help Climbing ONE SINGLE STEP in Florida Videos By TruthFeedNews October 27, 2016 
Hillary Clinton needed a helping hand to trek up a single step during a visit in Florida today. 
Clinton was outside to greet supporters in Lake Worth when she attempted to stand on a small riser. With help from her Secret Service agents, she finally conquered the single step. 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Unhinged Failing Fox Anchor Megyn Kelly Attacks Mike Pence VIDEO : Unhinged Failing Fox Anchor Megyn Kelly Attacks Mike Pence Videos By Amy Moreno October 27, 2016 
Megyn Kelly has completely lost it. 
Her show has morphed into a wild circus act, where Kelly screeches and claws at her guests like a crazy menopausal maniac. 
As her ratings slide into the abyss, Kelly is grasping at straws, and going the 'Jerry Springer” route to try and garner attention. 
Mike Pence appeared on her show Wednesday night, where Kelly attacked him for Trump's CORRECT allegation that our North Korea-style media is rigged, they cherry pick polls, only using 'negative ones” against Trump, and that MANY of these polls are HEAVILY oversampled (which they are). 
Watch the video: This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : After Embarrassingly Low Turnout at Ohio Rally Tim Kaine Cancels Florida Rally BREAKING : After Embarrassingly Low Turnout at Ohio Rally Tim Kaine Cancels Florida Rally Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 27, 2016 
After a near-empty auditorium in Ohio, Time Kaine has canceled his Florida appearance today. 
Kaine was set to appear in Sarasota, Florida Friday at 6 pm. 
We're not sure why it was canceled, although 'LACK OF ATTENDANCE” seems the most logical explanation. 
From News Channel 8 : 
SARASOTA, FL (WFLA) — Hillary Clinton's running mate Tim Kaine was scheduled to be in Sarasota Friday, but the event has been canceled. 
The event with Tim Kaine was scheduled for Friday at 6 p.m. at the Municipal Auditorium. 
There is no word why the event was canceled. Clinton's website simply says, 'This event has been canceled. Please accept our apologies for the inconvenience.” 
News Channel 8 is working to get more details. Stay with WFLA.com for updates. Tim Kaine event in Sarasota cancelled https://t.co/5RM8GFVsr8 via @wfla 
— Constance Queen (@ConstanceQueen8) October 27, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : New Powerful Trump ad Targets Hindu and Indian Americans VIDEO : New Powerful Trump ad Targets Hindu and Indian Americans Videos By Amy Moreno October 27, 2016 
The America First movement is for ALL AMERICANS . 
Contrary to what the North Korea-style government-run propaganda media, whose sole purpose is to spew pro-Hillary rhetoric, anti-Trump lies, and cover up for the most unliked candidate in the history of American elections says, ALL AMERICANS are welcome aboard the Trump Train. 
We're an INCLUSIVE movement, and our online, and 'real life” diversity proves that. 
In a powerful new ad, Trump reaches out to the Indian and Hindu community who truly love Donald Trump. 
Watch the video: This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : CNN BUFFOON WOLF BLITZER BEGS TRUMP TEAM TO STOP ATTACKS ON MEDIA VIDEO : CNN BUFFOON WOLF BLITZER BEGS TRUMP TEAM TO STOP ATTACKS ON MEDIA Videos By Amy Moreno October 27, 2016 
We will NEVER stop attacking this disgraceful North Korea-style government-run propaganda media whose sole purpose is to spew pro-Hillary rhetoric, anti-Trump lies, and cover up for the most unliked candidate in the history of American elections. 
The American mainstream media is the enemy of the people. 
If they want Trump of any of us to STOP attacking them, they need to STOP trying to ALTER the outcome of a presidential election by behaving like a SUPERPAC for Hillary Clinton. 
Until then, no – we won't stop. 
Actually, we'll rev it up a NOTCH. 
Watch the video: 
— The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) October 25, 2016 Tune out the North Korea media. 
And if you see them online, engage them – challenge them on their biased and unfair reporting. 
HOLD THESE BASTARDS ACCOUNTABLE. 
Do not shy away or hold back. 
If we want a free country we need to stand up and FIGHT for it! This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Hillary Campaign Hates to Pander to those 'F*CKING DUMB” Millennials Hillary Campaign Hates to Pander to those 'F*CKING DUMB” Millennials Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 28, 2016 
One thing we've learned from the Wikileaks emails is that Hillary's campaign is filled with nasty 'Mean Girls” who name call and treat people, who are supposed to be their 'friends” and co-workers” like garbage. 
They're a miserable, angry bunch. 
They've called Bernie a 'doofus,” Hillary an 'idiot,” and a whole host of other rude and nasty names. 
Now, we're learning that the campaign hates pandering to millennials – having to do the 'f*cking dumb” CRAP they think is 'cool.” 
Gee, that's the spirit! 
From Infowars : 
A new email released by Wikileaks as part of the Podesta dump features Hillary ally Wendy Bronfein advising Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta on how to reach 'f**king dumb” young people. 
Marketing executive Bronfein tells Podesta that Clinton 'may not be the best face” to attract younger voters and that she needs to utilize 'trending figures” as par of an 'infusion to pull younger voters” because 'that's the crap that young people pay attention to”. 
Bronfein goes on to state, 'It's f**king dumb but being 'cool” counts for more than it maybe should.” 
She references Bill Clinton's saxophone playing as an example of this before asserting, 'I hate to generalize a generation but by social media nature, they 'follow”. So if someone they identify as cool endorses – they will likely fall in line with that candidate.” 
Seriously, why would anyone vote for this vile old hag? This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Politics Hillary PANDERS to Black and Hispanic Radio Hosts Claiming RAP 'Influenced her” and MEXICAN FOOD is her 'Favorite” Hillary PANDERS to Black and Hispanic Radio Hosts Claiming RAP 'Influenced her” and MEXICAN FOOD is her 'Favorite” Politics By Amy Moreno October 27, 2016 
Hillary Clinton has NO PLAN to help minorities. 
Nothing, nada, zilch. 
But she does like rap music, loves hot sauce, and Mexican food is her favorite…. 
So, yeah, VOTE FOR HER. 
Meanwhile, Trump is talking about the issues that matter to the American people. Jobs, security, the economy. Trump represents a new direction for America, where the needs of Americans are placed above foreign interests and are greedy donors and lobbyists. Hillary represents the same thing we've got now – a stagnant economy, global politics, and dangerous progressive ideologies. Trump is the candidate of CHANGE. Our dishonest North Korea-style government-run propaganda media whose sole purpose is to spew pro-Hillary rhetoric, anti-Trump lies, and cover up for the most unliked candidate in the history of American elections, says the election is OVER. Hillary has won it. So, why is Hillary on black radio shows saying rappers have 'INFLUENCED HER” (hahaha) and going on Hispanic radio, telling everyone that Mexican food is her favorite? Sounds pretty DESPERATE To me. It's INSULTING too. To think that minorities are so dumb that they'll vote for someone because they like a certain type of music or food. This is typical 'Clinton old school politics.” Treating minorities like dullards by pandering to them around 'voting time” and then ignoring them the rest of the time. I believe we're ALL beyond those silly shenanigans by this point. On Spanish Language TV, Hillary Clinton Says Mexican Food Is Her Favorite 😂 https://t.co/RKqlHO9Jxj 
— Deplorable AJ (@asamjulian) October 27, 2016 'I think Death Row and a lot of other fashion sources have influenced my look” – A thing Hillary Clinton said pic.twitter.com/ygmSutm3Dk 
— Colin Jones (@colinjones) October 26, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Hillary BUSTED Holding Closed Door Meeting with Florida Elections Director in Possible Voter Fraud Scheme Hillary BUSTED Holding Closed Door Meeting with Florida Elections Director in Possible Voter Fraud Scheme Breaking News By TruthFeedNews October 27, 2016 
More proof of a RIGGED SYSTEM and likely voter fraud taking place right before our eyes in the critical state of Florida. There have been several reports that Broward County Election Director Brenda Snipes has met with Hillary Clinton behind closed doors and several sources of claim to be coming forward with pictures soon. 
The Conservative Treehouse reports this may be part of a bigger voter fraud scheme. 
Anyone with any political knowledge is aware the best chances for Hillary Clinton in Florida come from two specific counties, Broward and Dade. It is not coincidental that both counties continue to be the historic nucleus of multiple voting irregularities. 
This year is no different. In a recent series of events Broward County is at the epicenter of another voting malfunction. However, this one might not be a mistake, it might be by design. The essential outline of the current year concern surrounds a scheme to present double voting to benefit Hillary Clinton: 
Broward County officials intentionally screw up sending out mail-in ballots to a key demographic constituency. The correction therein then allows the same official to send a second set of ballots to the same constituency thus providing two possibly counted ballots for each voter. 
Sounds incredible. Maybe. But as incredulous as it sounds that's exactly what's taking place. 
The issue stems around the second page of the ballot for a ballot initiative, a specifically democrat ballot initiative, an amendment to Florida's constitution, Amendment #2, whereby legalized marijuana is up for a vote. 
The Amendment #2 ballot initiative is the long-standing objective of John Morgan an Orlando lawyer who is the name and face behind the Morgan and Morgan law firm. 
John Morgan, lives in Orlando and is a big donor and benefactor of the Democrat party. You might remember it was John Morgan who hired former governor Charlie Crist ( Republican, then Independent, then Democrat ) after his failed Senate bid. John Morgan is also attached to the Multi-billion Pigford settlements via a partner in his law firm Greg Francis. 
John Morgan is also a key donor , financial bundler, and contributor to President Obama and Hillary Clinton. Morgan has hosted numerous high-dollar ( $30k+ per plate ) events for Obama and this year f or Hillary Clinton . 
Legalized marijuana sales in Florida, under the auspices and ruse of 'medical marijuana”, has been a goal of Morgan for several years. Politically, Morgan also wants to be FL Attorney General and/or U.S Attorney General. 
By structuring a flawed ballot distribution in Broward County both Hillary Clinton and John Morgan can achieve both their objectives. A rather brilliant Win/Win. 
The scheme works by 'accidentally” failing to print one of the pages in a strategic regional area guaranteed to be dominated by Clinton/Morgan supporters. It takes only a modicum of ' plausible deniability ' to provide the arms-length distance from a scheme. 
Sending out 'some” or 'a few” ballots with a blank page, a 'flaw” per se', then resending an entire second set of ballots (173,000) to the full area, provides multiple opportunities. 
See if you can spot how it plays out. Beginning with the small flaw: 
( Miami Herald October 20th ) The Broward County elections office, already under scrutiny for two blunders in the past few weeks, played defense once more Friday as its supervisor came under fire after mail-in ballots turned up that skipped a constitutional amendment question on medical marijuana. 
One of the organizations supporting the amendment, NORML of Florida, has asked for an emergency hearing after filing a lawsuit on what it called an error that could be 'catastrophic and cataclysmic.” A Broward judge has scheduled a hearing for 10 a.m. Tuesday. 
'In reviewing and reviewing and going back looking through our ballots we found Amendment 2 on all 92 of those styles so it's still not totally clear why this voter did not have Amendment 2,” Snipes said. She added that she believes that the faulty ballots were test samples for Oakland Park. After a city candidate dropped out, she said, her office recoded the Oakland Park ballot, leading to a creation of a new test ballot. Her office did not notice the missing marijuana question on the test ballots, which are not supposed to be sent to voters but somehow were. 
At a maximum, Snipes said, only seven of those test ballots were printed. She allowed reporters, as well as a representative from United for Care, the political committee backing the amendment, to review the 92 ballot styles Friday. 
But amendment backers were skeptical of Snipes' explanation after it became clear that she didn't know precisely what went wrong or exactly how many ballots lack the closely watched amendment. Broward is the most left-leaning county in the state, and amendment backers are counting on its voters for a large share of support. 
'What continues to concern me is it does not seem that the supervisor knows for certain the extent of the problem,” said Ben Pollara, campaign manager for United for Care. 'They have a strongly held belief it is this very isolated incident [Snipes] described this afternoon but they don't know for sure. Until they do I remain incredibly concerned.” ( read more including video and press conference) 
OK, so that's the ground work for the 'small flaw” in Broward County ballots . Note in the video Ms. Brenda Snipes positioning 173,000 ballots as the full distribution to be concerned with. 
Now lets look at what they finally claimed was the origin of the problem , and the solution they came up with : 
( Via Sun Sentinel october 24th ) Broward elections workers checking mail-in ballots from Oakland Park found none without the statewide medical marijuana question that had been missing from at least two ballots. 
But an early voter at the Fort Lauderdale Regional Library/Art Serv said her ballot was missing Amendment 2. 
The Broward Supervisor of Elections Office said there was no evidence of a incorrect ballot. The pages were stuck together because of humidity in the machine, said spokeswoman Tonya Edwards. 
'There was an issue with the humidity so it printed twice on one side instead of on the other,” Edwards said. 'On one page it was blank and on the other page was the actual amendments.” 
Debbi Ballard, 57, of Fort Lauderdale, said she filled out her ballot and realized the amendment wasn't there. 'I checked once, twice, three times,” she said. 
'This is an irregularity and needs to be addressed,” Ballard said. She said she pointed out the error to voting staff and received a new ballot. 
Ballard said she was not satisfied with the 'pages stuck together” theory and has lost confidence in Broward's Supervisor of Elections Office. 'That doesn't explain it,” she said. 'Because the layouts were completely different.” 
Broward Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipes said there wasn't an amendment issue. 'It's a moisture issue,” she said. 'So I can understand why the voter, you know, became concerned or upset, because there's been so much about it out there in the air. It's a moisture issue, it's a moisture issue.” 
Last week, two voters in Oakland Park reported that the amendment had been left off their mail-in ballots. 
[…] Snipes said that voters who are missing the amendment, all of whom should be in Oakland Park, will get new ballots . Edwards said later that Snipes was aware of the early voter's issue. ( read more ) 
Remember the concept behind the ' bathtub principle ', and how small chaos is used to cloud, mask, hide and deceive much bigger solutions (intentions)? 
And where was Hillary Clinton yesterday? Breaking: Hillary in private meeting with Brenda Snipes, Election Director of Broward County Florida. Collusion, fraud or both? #MAGA 
— Marshall Buffins (@PoliticalTropes) October 26, 2016 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Trump Expressed Concern Over Anthony Weiner's 'Illegal Access” to Classified Info 2 Months ago BREAKING : Trump Expressed Concern Over Anthony Weiner's 'Illegal Access” to Classified Info 2 Months ago Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 28, 2016 
Once again, Trump was right. 
Back in August, in a statement regarding Hillary's carelessness handling classified documents, Trump stated that he was concerned that Weiner had 'access” to information he shouldn't. 
Now that we're learning that the FBI discovered 'new emails” on a 'device” associated to Weiner, it looks as if Trump was right AGAIN. 
— Deplorable AJ (@asamjulian) October 28, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Mike Pence DEMANDS the FBI RELEASE ALL EMAILS BEFORE ELECTION DAY BREAKING : Mike Pence DEMANDS the FBI RELEASE ALL EMAILS BEFORE ELECTION DAY Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 28, 2016 
On Friday the FBI announced they were reopening the email investigation into Hillary's mishandling of classified information. 
In a statement, the FBI said that they discovered 'new emails” pertinent to the earlier investigation on 'several devices.” 
Reports indicate that one phone device belongs to Anthony Weiner and the other phone device belongs to his estranged wife Huma Abedin. 
Mike Pence tweeted out a demand, calling on FBI officials to release ALL EMAILS before election day. We call on the FBI to immediately release all emails pertinent to their investigation. Americans have the right to know before Election Day. 
— Mike Pence (@mike_pence) October 28, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Clinton Refuses to Answer Questions Regarding the Reopening of her Email Investigation BREAKING : Clinton Refuses to Answer Questions Regarding the Reopening of her Email Investigation Videos By Amy Moreno October 28, 2016 
The FBI has reopened Hillary's email investigation after discovering 'thousands of new emails” on Anthony Weiner's phone. 
As the news broke, Hillary was touching down in IOWA for another small, lackluster rally. 
She was delayed getting off the plane. 
We're told that her campaign was broadsided by the information. 
When Hillary finally emerged, she plastered that fake POLITICIAN SMILE on her plastic face and waved to the reporters, who shouted questions at her. 
Hillary did not respond to reporters. 
Shocker. Clinton stepping off her campaign plane in Iowa after huddling with advisers over FBI's decision to reopen email investigation pic.twitter.com/DShiQAdIbJ 
— Simon Carswell (@SiCarswell) October 28, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : NEW POLL SHOWS THE MONSTER INDEPENDENT VOTE FOR TRUMP IS YUGE! BREAKING : NEW POLL SHOWS THE MONSTER INDEPENDENT VOTE FOR TRUMP IS YUGE! Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 28, 2016 
Whatever you do, do not believe the LYING North Korea-style, government-run propaganda media. 
They're working for Hillary and telling you a crap-ton of LIES. 
Trump is winning and winning BIG. 
The MONSTER vote is alive and well and REARING IT'S BIG BEAUTIFUL HEAD in so many places. 
One significant place is the 'independent” vote. 
Independents will decide this election. 
And they're voting TRUMP according to the latest Fox poll. @mitchellvii Trump's monster vote will be bigger than of Reagan's because of Indies who are as big as Dem & rep combined pic.twitter.com/B1cpwetLyY 
— David Leifer  (@daveleifer) October 27, 2016 
Keep fighting! 
Share the America First message with everyone. 
This election is not about Democrat vs. Republicans – it's Americans vs. GLOBALISTS. 
We need to take our country BACK and place AMERICANS FIRST. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Hillary Worshipper Rachel Maddow IN TEARS Over Reopened FBI Investigation VIDEO : Hillary Worshipper Rachel Maddow IN TEARS Over Reopened FBI Investigation LOL By TruthFeedNews October 29, 2016 
MSNBC's Rachel Maddow broke down into tears live on the air while reporting on the FBI reopening their investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails after finding new evidence on Anthony Weiner's laptop. 
Media analyst Mark Dice has the story. 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Hillary Campaign Manager Deletes his Entire Twitter Timeline BREAKING : Hillary Campaign Manager Deletes his Entire Twitter Timeline Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 28, 2016 
The Hillary campaign is collapsing. 
After discovering 'new emails” the FBI just announced that they're reopening the investigation into Hillary's mishandling of classified information. BREAKING: FBI re-opening Hillary Clinton email investigation #LockHerUp #FridayFeeling 
— OakTown ☢FBI Re-Do☢ (@hrtablaze) October 28, 2016 
Now, we're learning that Hillary's campaign manager, Robby Mook has deleted his entire Twitter timeline. This story is developing, but obviously, there's panic – and possibly more cover up inside the Clinton camp. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Hillary Sent 'MARKED CLASSIFIED” Info to Nonsecure Huma Abedin Account BREAKING : Hillary Sent 'MARKED CLASSIFIED” Info to Nonsecure Huma Abedin Account Breaking News By TruthFeedNews October 29, 2016 
NEW YORK – WND's reporting in late August of a marked classified email Hillary Clinton forwarded to aide Huma Abedin could cast light on FBI Director James Comey's dramatic disclosure to members of Congress Friday that the bureau had reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server due to new information apparently discovered in the sexting probe of former Rep. Anthony Weiner, Abedin's estranged husband. 
Comey, however, said in his letter to Congress that he was only 'briefed yesterday,' meaning WND readers knew of the potential security breach two months before the director did. 
As WND reported Sept. 8 , Clinton forwarded an Aug. 8, 2009, email – clearly marked 'Classified” – to a personal, nonsecure email address registered to aide Abedin, huma@clintonemail.com. Abedin then forwarded the message to another personal, nonsecure account, humamabedin@yahoo.com. 
In sworn testimony before Congress, however, Clinton declared, 'There was nothing marked classified on my emails, either sent or received.” 
The 2009 email, sent to Clinton from longtime adviser Sidney Blumenthal, was discovered in a cache of emails obtained by Judicial Watch through a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit. The exchange concerned the 'disastrous nature” of an Obama trip to Germany, charging the U.S. was 'totally out of the loop in Berlin – no ambassador,” resulting in the expectation that 'Germans and Russians will now cut their own separate deals on energy, regional security, etc.” 
WND also reported two-thirds of Abedin's released emails were forwarded to personal addresses she controlled and Clinton's State Department chief of staff, Cheryl Mills, may have received classified information through personal email accounts . 
In WND's report of the marked classified email, Greg Davis, a U.S. Army veteran with more than 30 years experience as a military intelligence officer, told WND the handling of the message is 'an obvious violation of national security regulations regarding the handling of classified information for which people normally go to prison.” 
Davis, the creator of the intelligence-oriented website SpookdBlog.com, said that typically the Justice Department would grant Abedin immunity from prosecution in return for her willingness to turn state's evidence against Clinton. 
'If Huma refused to cooperate, the Department of Justice could threaten to seek a maximum prison term for her should their effort to bring a criminal prosecution against her succeed,” he said at the time. 
The email containing marked classified information previously was released by the State Department, but it was unknown until the Judicial Watch released that Clinton forwarded the exchange to Abedin's nonsecure, personal Yahoo account. 
See the classified email: 
H/T – WND 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Whoopsie, Hillary Top Aide Huma Abedin Isn't on the Campaign Plane Today VIDEO : Whoopsie, Hillary Top Aide Huma Abedin Isn't on the Campaign Plane Today Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 29, 2016 On Friday the FBI announced they were reopening the email investigation into Hillary's mishandling of classified information. In a statement, the FBI said that they discovered 'new emails” pertinent to the earlier investigation on 'several devices.” Reports indicate that one phone device belongs to Anthony Weiner and the other phone device belongs to his estranged wife Huma Abedin. Today we're learning that Huma, who is ALWAYS on the campaign plane with Hillary, is nowhere to be found. Curious. Gee, hope she's still breathing. Watch the video: #Hillarysemail Huma Abedin is not on the plane with #HillaryClinton today. She must be freaking out especially since she signed this doc. pic.twitter.com/KOwI5rN1pW 
— Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 29, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America F irst! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Hillary Will 'FIX” Obama's Failed Economy by RECYCLING His FAILED POLICIES Hillary Will 'FIX” Obama's Failed Economy by RECYCLING His FAILED POLICIES Politics By Amy Moreno October 27, 2016 
Hillary can't admit to the American people how BAD the Obama economy is. 
She has to 'tip toe” around it so she doesn't offend Mr. Thin-Skin. 
Although, it doesn't matter much what Hillary says because she has no idea how to fix it. 
Her plan is to recycle his failed policies as 'new failed policies” and round and round we go. 
From Investors.com 
Election 2016: If you want to know how bankrupt the Democratic Party is today of pro-growth ideas, check out Hillary Clinton's latest speech on the economy. She has absolutely nothing new to offer that President Obama hasn't already tried. 
Clinton admits in her speech that things aren't all they should be in the economy after seven-plus year of Obamanomics. 'The challenges we face are significant,” she said. She even took a couple subtle digs at Obama, complaining about 'long-term neglect” of poor communities and the fact that the unemployment gap between blacks and whites has been widening, whereas it was narrowing when her husband was in the White House. 
So what are the 'big, bold” ideas she said she'd implement that will 'drive growth”? Spend more money on infrastructure, raise taxes on the rich, impose more mandates on businesses that raise the cost of labor, make college cheaper and saddle the economy with more regulations. 
Is Clinton really not aware that this is exactly what Obama prescribed, and that his policies have produced the worst economic recovery in history? 
Her biggest idea is to make 'the biggest investment in American infrastructure in decades,” saying that will create 'millions of good paying jobs.” 
Apparently she's forgotten that Obama's stimulus plan included, as Obama put it, 'the largest new investment in our nation's infrastructure since Eisenhower built an interstate highway system in the 1950s.” 
How did that work out for jobs? We've had one of the slowest rates of job growth since the Great Depression, and annual economic growth never topped 3%. Oh, and according to Hillary, our roads and bridges are still crumbling. 
Clinton also says she wants to invest in 'advanced manufacturing.” But Obama has already nearly doubled spending on this — as part of his plan to create a million manufacturing jobs in his second term. (Manufacturing jobs have climbed only 330,000 since he made that promise.) 
Other 'bold” Clinton ideas are also straight out of the Obama playbook: She wants a 'cleaner, more resilient power grid,” free child care, paid maternity leave, more power to unions. She wants to expand on the growth-killing Dodd-Frank bill. 
Plus, of course, she wants to raise taxes on the rich, as if Obama hasn't already done that several times. 
What's most amusing about Clinton's speech, however, is her claim that cutting taxes and reducing regulations as a growth strategy 'has been proven wrong again and again.” 
In fact, the strongest periods of growth in the past three decades occurred during the tax-cutting, deregulating Reagan years, and after Bill Clinton agreed to cut taxes and deregulate the banking industry. In the 1960s, it was the result of Kennedy cut taxes. 
The inconvenient truth here is that not one of the items on Clinton's list will do anything to get the economy out of its Obama-induced malaise. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First ! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : List of States Allowing you to CHANGE YOUR VOTE in Light of Hillary's Federal Investigation BREAKING : List of States Allowing you to CHANGE YOUR VOTE in Light of Hillary's Federal Investigation Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 29, 2016 On Friday the FBI announced they were reopening the email investigation into Hillary's mishandling of classified information. In a statement, the FBI said that they discovered 'new emails” pertinent to the earlier investigation on 'several devices.” Reports indicate that one phone device belongs to Anthony Weiner and the other phone device belongs to his estranged wife Huma Abedin. Many Hillary supporters are clamoring to change their early votes, so the media has provided a list of states that allow you to change your early vote. Here's a list of States that will allow early voters to change their early vote following the reopening of the FBI probe. #HillarysEmails pic.twitter.com/ggPZDmgBNw 
— Jared Wyand  (@JaredWyand) October 29, 2016 
For those who have yet to vote, please do not add to the corruption inside of government by voting for a sleazy woman under federal investigation. 
She has too much baggage. 
Our country will spend all it's energy on her issues and scandals and once again, get NOTHING done for the American people. Looks like a lot of Hillary voters are regretting their choice.  #VoteTrump #TrumpPence16 pic.twitter.com/tIyGbOHJGl 
— Neil Turner  (@NeilTurner_) October 29, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Trump BEATING 'Federal Investigation Hillary” by 4% in Michigan's Absentee Voting BREAKING : Trump BEATING 'Federal Investigation Hillary” by 4% in Michigan's Absentee Voting Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 29, 2016 
Donald Trump is currently leading Crooked 'Federal Investigation” Hillary by 4% in Michigan's absentee voting. 
From WestMiPolitics.com: 
Donald Trump and the Republicans lead Hillary Clinton and the Democrats in early voting returns, Chad Livengood of the Detroit News reports . 
190,000 Republicans have turned in ballots vs. only 170,000 Dems. Nearly 160,000 independent/unaffiliated voters have also cast ballots, a group Trump consistently leads with in nearly every poll. 
Those numbers translate to: 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Sources Inside the FBI Say Hillary Will Be INDICTED in Early 2017 BREAKING : Sources Inside the FBI Say Hillary Will Be INDICTED in Early 2017 Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 29, 2016 On Friday the FBI announced they were reopening the email investigation into Hillary's mishandling of classified information. In a statement, the FBI said that they discovered 'new emails” pertinent to the earlier investigation on 'several devices.” Reports indicate that one phone device belongs to Anthony Weiner and the other phone device belongs to his estranged wife Huma Abedin. Sources inside the FBI say there are 'SMOKING GUN” BOMBSHELLS on the devices and Hillary will be indicted in January or February of 2017. This woman should not be allowed to run for president. She should be forced to STEP DOWN. Watch the video: Breaking News : HILLARY To Be Indited After The Election In January Or February ! This Is Bigger Than Watergate ! pic.twitter.com/XuunYGcLR1 
— Richard Weaving (@RichardWeaving) October 29, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

WIKILEAKS : Hillary Receiving Donations from Radical Muslims in Turkey WIKILEAKS : Hillary Receiving Donations from Radical Muslims in Turkey Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 29, 2016 
We have learned through Wikileaks released emails that Hillary and her team are actively disenfranchising American voters by accepting foreign donations. 
We also know that Hillary LOVES Middle Eastern countries who ABUSE WOMEN and TOSS GAY PEOPLE off buildings. 
She and her husband take MILLIONS from Saudi Arabia and Qatar. 
Now, we can add Turkey to that list. 
Hillary is a disgusting, greedy little pig. 
Do you really think THIS WOMAN would fight Islamic terror? 
They FUND her. 

ARTICLE

THIS IS COMEY'S LAST CHANCE FOR REDEMPTION THIS IS COMEY'S LAST CHANCE FOR REDEMPTION Politics By TruthFeedNews October 29, 2016 
By Gregg Jarrett 
The most wounded man in Washington is James Comey. 
Ever since his legally incomprehensible announcement that he would not recommend criminal prosecution of Hillary Clinton, he has been the equivalent of an extra on the set of 'The Walking Dead”. His reputation tarnished. His legacy forever tainted. 
His own agents turned against him in disgust. Those, including lawyers, who had worked exhaustively gathering the incriminating evidence were furious that Comey had publicly laid out their case of how Clinton was grossly negligence under the Espionage Act, yet decided not to prosecute. Comey had gone from revered to reviled, all in one day. 
Now, his stunning announcement that he is reopening the criminal investigation of Clinton based on newly discovered evidence is, perhaps, the chance at redemption for which he may have been searching. He has disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner to thank for a second chance. 
According to confirmed reports, the FBI seized electronic devices in the possession of Weiner during the course of an investigation into his sexting with an underage girl for which he is now in legal jeopardy. Since Weiner is married to Clinton's top aide, Huma Abedin, the FBI were legally entitled to access her emails on those same devices. Those are probably the messages that triggered a reopening of the Clinton probe. 
Whatever the source of the new evidence, it may have provided the excuse or pretext that Comey so desperately needed to remedy the wrong perceived by so many. A legal 'do over”, if you will. A mistake corrected. An injustice rectified. 
Of course, it is altogether possible that Comey will reach the same conclusion as he did before –that prosecutors could not prove Clinton broke the law. His statement stressed he does not know the 'importance” of the new emails. 
But if this is Comey's opportunity to atone, it is not good news for Hillary Clinton. The Director may now be more determined than ever to reverse his legal judgment of Clinton's mishandling of classified materials. It's like a first year law student getting to retake the final examination in criminal law after flunking the test. He can now change his legal analysis and arrive at a better conclusion. 
After all, it was Comey himself who testified before Congress that more than 2,000 classified documents were found on Clinton's personal server in her home –clearly an unauthorized place under the law. He described her explanations as untruthful and her conduct 'extremely careless”. That would be more than sufficient for criminal charges against anyone else whose name is not Clinton. 
What does all of this mean for Clinton's chances of winning the election a scant ten days from now? At this early stage, it is impossible to know. Yes, at the moment, the electoral map favors Clinton substantially. But that could evaporate in a political instant. 
On its face, the revelation seems extremely damaging to her candidacy. Perhaps fatal. Yet, it is premature to say how voters will react on November 8 th when they enter the voting booths across America. Some may view the resurrected FBI probe as patently unfair, coming a little more than a week before the election. Voters may feel she is being victimized and react with sympathy. The news may energize or motivate her supporters to cast their ballots in record numbers. 
For others, a reinvigorated FBI investigation will serve as proof they were right when they concluded, perhaps long ago, that Clinton is chronically corrupt. As pointed out in my recent column , a Clinton presidency would probably be engulfed in scandal and endless investigations, even in the absence of today's news. Do Americans want to cast a vote in favor of 4 years of acrimony and intransigence? 
And what happens if a President Clinton is indicted for crimes under the Espionage Act? Would she resign, as Nixon did… or temporarily step aside under the incapacity provision of the 25 th Amendment until her criminal trial is concluded? How would Congress react? The entire sordid affair could devolve into an impeachment trial reminiscent of her husband, Bill Clinton. 
Another national nightmare. 
These are weighty decisions which voters are now suddenly forced to consider. It may not be fair or right. But, in a democracy, freedom of choice inexorably falls to the citizenry. 
It brings both benefits and burdens. 
Gregg Jarrett is a Fox News Anchor and former defense attorney. H/T – FoxNews 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Wikileaks Reveals More Clinton 'Quid Pro Quo”– Bill Meets With Saudi Prince in D.C. BREAKING : Wikileaks Reveals More Clinton 'Quid Pro Quo”– Bill Meets With Saudi Prince in D.C. Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 29, 2016 
As we all know by now, the Clinton Foundation is one GIANT SCAM designed to fill the pockets of the Clintons, and they're rich bastard pals. 
Thanks to Wikileaks there's no longer 'doubt” over the crooked dealings at that corrupt and disgusting foundation. 
We also have learned how the Clintons make their hundreds of millions. 
Quid pro quo – or PAY TO PLAY. 
During Hillary's time at the State Department, she would sell favors and access. 
After she had left, he and Bill kept it up, using their political power and influence to help foreign countries like Morrocco and Saudi Arabia. 
Two Islamic countries that ABUSE, IMPRISON, and EXECUTE WOMEN AND GAYS. 
In a leaked email recently released from Wikileaks we see that Bill Clinton was meeting with the Saudi Prince as recently as September of last year. #PodestaEmails22 : This is it: Quid pro quo 
— MicroSpookyLeaks™ (@WDFx2EU7) October 29, 2016 
The Clintons are the most corrupt, greedy, and repugnant political family of our lifetime. 
Neither one of the blood-sucking leeches should be allowed within 500 feet of the White House ever again. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter.

ARTICLE

October 28, 2016 Jeff 
Maybe the russians made the video?? Just to show that we are living in america with a state run media…there is no evidence showing who hacked anything, and if someone is so stupid to have years of emails running a presidential campaign using gmail and falling for phishing scams then they deserve to have their emails hacked. Sad part is when the media lies with the Hillary campaign to try to trick stupid people into thinking someone it takes 'the russians' to get into a gmail account. The only evidence when you look about Russia hacking anything is 'we think it is russia cause that is the kind of thing they would do' How much more of the manufacturing base of the u.s. has to be lost before someone stops supporting the people the destroyed it? How much more middle class needs to vanish? All of it? before people figure out that the current politicians do not care one bit about anything put their own power and party. October 26, 2016 DEPLORABLE PA 
+Mofasa Denu Except basic flash skills can't explain finding 500,000 filled in ballots for Hillary Clinton in a Warehouse in Columbus, Ohio…..now in the possession of the State Attorney General and entered into States Evidence by a Democrat; You're theory would only hold water if its a single example, or one of two or three examples. There are thousands of pieces of evidence of fraud throughout the country, in all fifty States. Couple that with the fact that George Soros owns and operates, including updates to the software, the voting machines being used in 16 states, including all of the swing states. A simple update to the software already operating those machines, will cause a flip to Hillary Clinton. And finally we have Wikileak emails showing Clinton and her staff discussing back and forth how and where they will do massive voter fraud campaigns across the Nation. YOU HAVE TO BE FROM ANOTHER PLANET NOT TO PUT ALL OF THIS TOGETHER AND COME UP WITH THE OBVIOUS CONCLUSION; THAT, OR ELSE YOU ARE ONE OF THE IDIOTS THAT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN ARE PAYING TO GO ON FORUMS LIKE TRUTHFEED, YOUTUBE, TWITTER, ETC…..TO TRY TO DEBUNK THE FACT THAT MASSIVE FRAUD EXISTS AND IS GOING ON RIGHT NOW. OH, AND BY THE WAY: TRUMP IS UP THREE POINTS NATIONALLY ACCORDING TO EVERY REPUTABLE POLL, INCLUDING RASMUSSEN. THE ONLY BS PROPAGANDA THAT IS BEING USED IS COMING OUT OF THE CLINTON CAMP AND THE MSM. October 26, 2016 robbo 
The ballt box find was a hoax. the photo used fort e media is clearly a faked

ARTICLE

BREAKING : MASSIVE CORRUPTION AS OBAMA BLOCKS FBI FROM INVESTIGATING NEW EMAILS BREAKING : MASSIVE CORRUPTION AS OBAMA BLOCKS FBI FROM INVESTIGATING NEW EMAILS Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 30, 2016 
Obama and his DOJ are actively BLOCKING the FBI's attempts to investigate the thousands of new emails they discovered on Huma and Weiner's desktop computer. 
They are SUPPRESSING information to help Hillary win the election. Obama's DOJ is REFUSING to access a warrant that would allow FBI officials to read any of the newly discovered Abedin emails. They are still in the dark about whether they include any classified material that the bureau has not already seen. 
From Liberty Writers : 'WE DO NOT HAVE A WARRANT,” A SENIOR LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIAL SAID. 'DISCUSSIONS ARE UNDER WAY [BETWEEN THE FBI AND THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT] AS TO THE BEST WAY TO MOVE FORWARD.” Obama's Justice Dept. is stonewalling Comey's entire FBI investigation because they know the findings will put an end to Hilllary Clinton's political career. Comey already upset Loretta Lynch and the DOJ by reopening the investigation in the first place. Top Justice Department officials 'strongly discouraged” Comey from continuing the investigation because of the election. A U.S official familiar with the matter said ' He was acting independently of the guidance given to him.” Comey insisted in his message to agents that he felt he had an obligation to inform Congress about the new material and it would be 'misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.” This new attempt to block the investigation seems like a way to punish Comey for putting the American people before politics. We the people have a RIGHT to see those emails! The American people are at WAR with their government right now. KEEP FIGHTING! This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

SHOCK VIDEO : How American Elections are HACKED SHOCK VIDEO : How American Elections are HACKED Videos By Amy Moreno October 31, 2016 
This is an eye-opening, yet disturbing video of how a United States election is hacked. 
From Infowars: 
Black Box Voting, founded in 2003, performs nonpartisan investigative reporting on elections in an attempt to stop vote rigging. 
You may be wondering what the term 'black box” means. A 'black box” system is non-transparent; its functions are hidden from the public. Elections, of course, should not be black box systems. 
Here is a link to a free copy of the book, Black Box Voting HERE . 
Author Bev Harris became known for groundbreaking work on electronic voting machines, which can remove transparency of the vote count. 
With voting machines, all political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors: 
This is a powerful video that we URGE you to share. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Humiliated Hillary is SWARMED by Trump Supporters at a Florida Early Voting Location Humiliated Hillary is SWARMED by Trump Supporters at a Florida Early Voting Location Politics By Amy Moreno October 31, 2016 
Hillary Clinton was greeted in Florida by crowds with Trump signs and people shouting, 'lock her up!” 
The incident made it onto the New York Times front page. 
Do her people not SCOUT out locations before sending her in? 
The Clinton campaign is being run by clowns. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

RIGGED! DOJ Weiner Email Probe Will Be Led By PODESTA'S CLOSE FRIEND Peter Kadzik RIGGED! DOJ Weiner Email Probe Will Be Led By PODESTA'S CLOSE FRIEND Peter Kadzik Breaking News By TruthFeedNews November 1, 2016 
The incestuous and corrupt nature of our rigged system just keeps getting exposed as the election drama unravels. 
Earlier today, Loretta Lynch offered to 'help” the FBI – yeah THAT Loretta Lynch. 
Now Peter Kadzik has announced the DOJ will help expedite the review. Who is Peter Kadzik? 
Just some guy who Podesta has fun social dinners with as exposed by Wikileaks. 
You can read that full story here 
ZeroHedge Reports 
Now that the FBI has obtained the needed warrant to start poring over the 650,000 or so emails uncovered in Anthony Weiner's notebook, among which thousands of emails sent from Huma Abedin using Hillary Clinton's personal server, moments ago the US Justice Department announced it is also joining the probe, and as AP reported moments ago, vowed to dedicate all needed resources to quickly review the over half a million emails in the Clinton case. BREAKING: Justice Dept. says it'll dedicate all needed resources to quickly review emails in Clinton case. 
— The Associated Press (@AP) October 31, 2016 
In the letter to Congress, the DOJ writes that it 'will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,” assistant attorney General Peter J. Kadzik writes in letters to House and Senate lawmakers. 
RIGGED SYSTEM 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Epic Loser Weiner Says He Downloaded ALL OF HUMA'S EMAILS By 'ACCIDENT” VIDEO : Epic Loser Weiner Says He Downloaded ALL OF HUMA'S EMAILS By 'ACCIDENT” Breaking News By TruthFeedNews November 1, 2016 
HOLY SMOKES! So ALL of Huma's emails from her smartphone are now in possession of the DOJ and FBI. 
Anthony Weiner says it was 'by accident.” Perhaps so, either way he is an epic disgraced loser. 
You have to believe that with DOJ and the FBI having all of Huma's emails, MANY will contain threads with Hillary and there will be enough damning information to convict her without any reasonable doubt. 
The question is, are there people in the DOJ and FBI with enough pull to have the courage to tell the truth, or will their efforts be stonewalled by the likes of Hillary shill Loretta Lynch and Peter Kadzik. 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Trump Takes Michigan By STORM – Two YUGE Rallies in One Amazing Day! VIDEO : Trump Takes Michigan By STORM – Two YUGE Rallies in One Amazing Day! Videos By Amy Moreno November 1, 2016 
WOW! 
Donald Trump took Michigan by storm today! 
He had a YUGE rally in Grand Rapids, where the crowd was literally SHAKING the rafters they were so pumped up! FEEL THE ENERGY IN MICHIGAN!? Get out & VOTE!! Time to #MAGA !! Lets go #TrumpTrain You ALL get out & VOTE – TRUMP WINS! pic.twitter.com/n5K9Ru3But 
— Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) October 31, 2016 At the Trump rally today in Grand Rapids! Best mom ever for coming with me and for allowing me to go in the first place. pic.twitter.com/To8WtGvPHR 
— Joel Fritsma (@Joel_Fritsma) October 31, 2016 Looks like Hillary decided to show up to Trumps rally in Grand Rapids today. Even in uniform!!! #HillaryForPrison2016 pic.twitter.com/ZGxenmVQO2 
— Trump/Nugent '16 (@TheBuckComander) October 31, 2016 HUGE turnout in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Vote Trump on November 8th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain pic.twitter.com/9X3na5xkQU 
— The Trump Train (@The_Trump_Train) October 31, 2016 From the Trump rally in Grand Rapids today. We ARE going to win this. Thanks @parrotgirl37 for sending this to me. #halloween #MAGA3X pic.twitter.com/r8RolZ0f16 
— Christian Hart (@RealChris_Hart) October 31, 2016 Donald Trump's Grand Rapids, Michigan Rally: The Photos You Need to See https://t.co/w61dgq18QX pic.twitter.com/3OWDpmNrtp 
— The Trump Today (@TheNewsDigital2) October 31, 2016 Trump crowd ahead of Grand Rapids, Michael rally. Usual playlist replaced by Halloween hits today. pic.twitter.com/Vn3e5N1wMS 
— Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) October 31, 2016 
After the Grand Rapids rally Trump made his way to Warren Michigan for a YUGE rally there! 
The crowd was chanting, 'Lock Her Up!” and 'Drain the Swamp!” 
It was amazing! 
— Jared Wyand  (@JaredWyand) October 31, 2016 Sign in the crowd at Donald Trump's rally in Warren, Michigan, says: 'You've got mail.” pic.twitter.com/JJpUoRRsUU 
— Jenna Johnson (@wpjenna) October 31, 2016 Second campaign stop of the day – Trump takes the stage in Warren, Michigan pic.twitter.com/h9aQLvGwIk 
— Chris Snyder (@ChrisSnyderFox) October 31, 2016 Donald Trump campaigns in Warren, MI – LIVE online here: https://t.co/b3DoCYiszZ pic.twitter.com/psGpfZRK4w 

ARTICLE

PAY TO PLAY : Hillary's Two Big Favors For Morocco Netted Her $28 Million PAY TO PLAY : Hillary's Two Big Favors For Morocco Netted Her $28 Million Breaking News By TruthFeedNews October 31, 2016 
By Richard Pollock – DailyCaller 
Hillary Clinton did two huge favors for Morocco during her tenure as secretary of state while the Clinton Foundation accepted up to $28 million in donations from the country's ruler, King Mohammed VI, according to new information obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group. 
Clinton and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) chief Lisa Jackson tried to shut down the Florida-based Mosaic Company in 2011, operator of America's largest phosphate mining facility. 
Jackson's close ties and loyalty to the Clintons were revealed when she joined the Clinton Foundation's board of directors in 2013, just months after she left the EPA. Jackson is also close to John Podesta , Clinton's national campaign chairman. 
Morocco's state-owned phosphate company, OCP, would ostensibly have benefited from Jackson's move to shut down Mosaic. Mohammed donated up to $15 million to the Clinton Foundation through OCP. 
Clinton also relaxed U.S. foreign aid restrictions on Morocco, thus allowing U.S. funds to be used in the territory of Western Sahara where OCP operates phosphate mining operations. The aid restrictions stemmed from Morocco's illegal occupation of the territory since 1974. 
Morocco is repeatedly condemned for seizing the territory and for unilaterally extracting the country's valuable minerals, impoverishing what's left of the local Sahrawi Arabs. 
No nation recognizes Moroccan sovereignty over the Western Sahara and the United Nation's Security Council legal office and the International Court of Justice both demand that Muhammed withdraw his claim over the territory and end illegal extraction of minerals. 
An email WikiLeaks made public last week illustrated how Clinton, while acting as secretary of state, negotiated an additional $12 million donation to the Clinton Foundation from Muhammed in return for holding the 2015 Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) meeting in Marrakech, Morocco. Another $1 million payment came from OCP to cover the expenses of the CGI meeting. 
The regulatory assault against the U.S. phosphate industry began in earnest when Jackson launched a barrage of intimidating regulatory initiatives against Mosaic. Environmental concerns about phosphates date from 1979 but the EPA did little to address concerns related to phosphate mining until Jackson's 2011 moves. 
The regulatory assault on the U.S. phosphate industry encompassed several agencies, including the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). DHS aircraft flew at low altitudes over Mosaic's central Florida operations in search of environmental problems. The EPA also threatened large Superfund penalties, which could have bankrupted Mosaic. 
Phosphates are essential ingredients in fertilizers used in American farming. Closing or reducing Mosaic's output would have cost tens of thousands of American jobs and injured the country's agricultural productivity. 
It also would leave the U.S. dependent upon foreign phosphate producers, but particularly Morocco's OCP. The only other countries that mine phosphates are Russia, China and Saudi Arabia. 
Rep. Dennis Ross, a Republican congressman who represents the Florida district where Mosaic operates, told TheDCNF he now sees why the EPA went after Mosaic. 
'The tactics makes perfect sense as to why the EPA, under Lisa Jackson's tutelage, targeted Mosaic's phosphate operations in my district. I was never given any answers when I questioned Lisa Jackson about the EPA's deliberate actions against Mosaic,” Ross told TheDCNF. 
'Now I know why. An environmental concern never existed. This targeting was all done as a payback to Morocco for donating millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation,” Ross said. 
An uproar from Florida regulators push-back from the state's congressional delegation and the agency's tenuous legal position all forced the EPA to end its threats against Mosaic. 
Rep. Marsha Blackburn, a Tennessee Republican who is vice-chairman of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce and a vocal critic of the Clinton Foundation, agreed with Ross, saying 'these facts seem to reveal the possibility of more pay-to-play activities at the Clinton Foundation.” 
'It would be especially troubling if the Clinton Foundation was working with the EPA to suppress the American phosphate industry in favor of Morocco. The EPA and Clinton Foundation should be forthcoming about their dealings with the Moroccan government and the American phosphate industry.” 
Clinton's 2012 support of a rider on the U.S. foreign aid bill permitting foreign aid to be sent to the Western Sahara arguably legitimized Moroccan occupation of territory and depopulated the Sahrawi Arabs. Native Moroccans were sent into the country by the government to extract the minerals. 
The rider approved by Clinton said that U.S. foreign aid funds 'may be used in regions and territories administered by Morocco,” meaning, the Western Sahara. The Western Sahara is classified a 'Non-Self-Governing Territory” under international law. 
'Previously, United States excluded Western Sahara from bilateral assistance to avoid seeming to endorse Moroccan control,” said Eugene Kontorovich, a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, in a legal review of occupied territories around the world. 
Hans Corell, the U.N. Security Council's Under-Secretary for Legal Affairs, said in January 2002 that 'if further exploration and exploitation activities were to proceed in disregard of the interests and wishes of the people of Western Sahara, they would be in violation of the international law principles applicable to mineral resource activities in Non-Self-Governing Territories.” 
A Dec. 10, 2015 report by the International Court of Justice ruled that 'the sovereignty of the Kingdom of Morocco over Western Sahara is not recognized by the European Union or its Member States, or more generally by the UN, and the absence of any international mandate capable of justifying Moroccan presence on that territory.” 
But none of that mattered to former President Bill Clinton, who said nothing about the world's condemnation of Morocco's exploitation of the area for its phosphate industry, while speaking at the Clinton Foundation's 2015 Marrakech CGI conference. Instead, he praised it. 
'The Moroccans who are here will tell you that in the last several years, they have become the Saudi Arabia of phosphates, and what they have done with it, to diversify their economy and to make it part of a comprehensive strategy instead of another example of resource curse, is very impressive indeed,” Clinton said. 
'Hillary Clinton sold her soul when they accepted that money,” reported Politico the day after the Marrakech CGI conference. 
H/T – DailyCaller 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

POWERFUL VIDEO : Father of Kayla Mueller who was Brutally Raped and Murdered by ISIS, Endorses Donald Trump POWERFUL VIDEO : Father of Kayla Mueller who was Brutally Raped and Murdered by ISIS, Endorses Donald Trump Videos By Amy Moreno November 1, 2016 
The Father of Kayla Mueller, the 26-year-old foreign-aide worker who was captured, tortured, and killed by ISIS gave a powerful speech at Donald Trump's Arizona rally. 
He told the story of his daughter and how the Obama government lied to them, and let them down, and ultimately BLOCKED them from saving their daughter. 
Karl Mueller says it's time for a change. 
He endorses Donald Trump. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : LGBT Group Endorses Trump, Says, 'Hillary is Detrimental for Gays” BREAKING : LGBT Group Endorses Trump, Says, 'Hillary is Detrimental for Gays” Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 1, 2016 
Hillary is NOT a champion for gays. 
She takes MILLIONS from countries who abuse, imprison, and execute gays. 
Clinton turns a BLIND EYE to these grotesque atrocities to gays (and women) so she can keep lining her pockets. 
She even laughed when Trump asked her to return the BLOOD MONEY to these hateful countries. 
On top of that, Clinton wants to FLOOD America with Muslin refugees from these 'moderate Muslim” countries that abuse, imprison, and execute gays and women. 
These people do not want to assimilate to Western culture – they come here and spread their 7th-century HATE. 
This is why so many gays support Trump. 
From Washington Examiner : 
The Miami chapter of LGBTQ Log Cabin Republicans (LCR) announced on Monday its decision to break with the national organization to support GOP nominee Donald Trump for president. 
'We, as Log Cabin Republicans of Miami, we're Americans first, we're Republicans second, and we happen to be gay or allies of the LGBT community. American national security is our government's first and foremost responsibility, then the economy – those two issues really are paramount to any American,” Miami chapter president Vincent Foster told the Washington Examiner on Monday evening. 
'Our membership has gotten behind the Republican national nominee and it's unfortunate that other Republicans are unable to do so. Regardless of differences, we understand that a Hillary Clinton presidency is only going to be detrimental to the LGBT community and the general American population.” 
LCR announced on Oct. 22 that it would not support Trump despite his being 'perhaps the most pro-LGBT presidential nominee in the history of the Republican Party” because he has 'concurrently surrounded himself with senior advisers with a record of opposing LGBT equality.” 
Foster said the national organization's decision was a 'big surprise” and prompted the South Florida chapter to re-evaluate the matter. On Oct. 26, the 20 members of Miami LCR unanimously voted to endorse Trump. 
The Miami chapter has had a long-standing relationship with Trump, Foster explained. The billionaire businessman's campaign initially reached out to the group months ago to work together in the battleground state. Foster added the campaign attended the group's Lincoln Day dinner and has been fully supportive of them. 
'To have a Republican presidential nominee who cares so much, especially after Orlando – that resonated so much,” Foster said. 
Although LCR typically does not allow local chapters to support other candidates, the organization is allowing for flexibility in this election. The Washington, D.C.-based national group is permitting regional chapters to endorse or not endorse Trump in this election. 
Log Cabin Republicans in Cleveland, Los Angeles, Orange County, Texas and Georgia have also endorsed Trump, according to Angelo. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Breaking News Pieczenik 'Rogue FBI Agents and Wikileaks are Spearheading a Movement to Stop the Clintons from Stealing the White House” Pieczenik 'Rogue FBI Agents and Wikileaks are Spearheading a Movement to Stop the Clintons from Stealing the White House” Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 2, 2016 
The world is teaming up to stop crooked Hillary from taking the White House. 
From Wikileaks to rogue FBI agents, everyone is doing their part to stop the sinister Clinton Machine. 
It's a joint effort from patriots hailing from every corner of the world. 
Watch the video: Breaking:Twitter Friendly Version A soft coup has been launched by FBI to overthrow the Clinton's hostile takeover of the White House. pic.twitter.com/MrPUlSO1OE 
— OakTown ☢MAGA O.G☢ (@hrtablaze) November 2, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Watchdog Group Says Virginia is Prepping to For Mass Voter Fraud BREAKING : Watchdog Group Says Virginia is Prepping to For Mass Voter Fraud Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 2, 2016 
The Democrats will not give up without a fight. 
And the only way they fight is 'DIRTY.” 
Virginia has printed 1 million provisional ballots, an unprecedented number that could allow a large number of previously disqualified felons to cast ballots for president in the potentially crucial swing state. 
From Lifezette: 
George, a conservative election watchdog, charged on Monday that the Virginia Department of Elections is overpreparing for worst-case scenarios and increasing the likelihood of illegal votes being cast. In reply to Republican complaints earlier this month, Virginia Department of Elections Commissioner Edgardo Cortés acknowledged officials are preparing for all contingencies, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch. 
But George said the provisional ballot printing doesn't make sense even for contingencies. And it doesn't compare to demand in 2012. 
'The claim that it is for contingency planning is bogus,” George said in an email. 'In 2012, Stafford County used less [sic] than 500 provisional ballots — in 2016 they received 30,000. In 2012, Loudoun County used 700 provisional ballots. In 2016, they received 84,000. In 2012, Fairfax used 2,500 provisional ballots; in 2016, they received over 265,000. This is ridiculous.” 
But spokeswoman Dena Potter of the Virginia Department of Elections said the state is trying to accommodate a court order. 
'As part of its emergency preparedness efforts and in response to the [December] 2015 consent decree related to mitigating long lines at the polls, the Department issued guidance to local registrars on August 29, 2016, that included having enough provisional ballot envelopes to equal at least 20 percent of the number of active voters as of September 1,” Potter said in an email. 'As of September 30, there were 5.5 million voters registered in Virginia. As with any contingency planning, we hope that we don't have to use these but they will be available in case we do.” 
The decision to print so many provisional ballots comes after an April announcement by Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat and a key ally of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. McAuliffe said he would allow more than 200,000 released felons to vote on Nov. 8. 
The decision immediately brought a legal challenge from the Republicans, who won their suit in July. Virginia law says the governor must individually clear such cases, and cannot widely add so many released felons back to the voter rolls. 
George believes the court loss is part of the thinking behind the surge in provisional ballots. The thousands of felons who signed up to vote after McAuliffe's order were initially welcomed to the voter rolls. George said left-wing voter groups were ready for the order, and signed up thousands of felons within hours. 
If those felons now walk into a polling place and demand a ballot, they will be accommodated, George charged. George also said he is concerned other ineligible voters will be handed such provisional ballots simply if they demand them. 
Provisional ballots are only counted by city and county election boards after Nov. 8, and Republicans should be prepared for things to go against them, George said. Each board has a Republican and a Democrat, and a McAuliffe appointee. 
'Guess which way the vote is going to go,” said George. 
Virginia leaders have been dealing with election headaches for months. On Oct. 13, Virginia legislators questioned Cortés at a hearing. One Republican leader, citing election problems, called for Cortés to resign, according to the Times-Dispatch. 
'I think it's incumbent upon the governor to replace you quickly with competent and nonpartisan leadership,” said Delegate Timothy Hugo (R-Fairfax). This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : DOJ Says They Will 'HELP” Review the 650K Emails BREAKING : DOJ Says They Will 'HELP” Review the 650K Emails Breaking News By Amy Moreno October 31, 2016 
Oh great, now the biased DOJ is going to 'help” the FBI go through the 650K emails because they want to 'HURRY THROUGH” it? 
That's unsettling and smells of more 'rigged favors” from Loretta Lynch. 
On Friday the FBI announced they were reopening the email investigation into Hillary's mishandling of classified information. 
In a statement, the FBI said that they discovered 'new emails” pertinent to the earlier investigation on 'several devices.” 
We now know there were 650K emails found on Huma and Anthony's private computer. 
How do you feel about the DOJ 'helping” sift through the emails? 
I say, HELL NO! BREAKING: Justice Dept. says it'll dedicate all needed resources to quickly review emails in Clinton case – AP This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : New Poll Shows Trump is About to TAKE MICHIGAN! BREAKING : New Poll Shows Trump is About to TAKE MICHIGAN! Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 2, 2016 
They call Michigan a 'Brexit” state – along with Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. 
The states that can change it all and send the evil globalists packing. 
Michael Moore, a Hillary supporter, and a Michigan native is on the ground talking to people, and he sees the groundswell of support for Trump in the 'Brexit” states. 
While he's no FAN of Trump, he is a realist.wrote down his thoughts about the Trump movement. 
He wrote down his thoughts about the Trump movement and read it to a crowd of liberals. 
I can't watch this without crying my eyes out. 
Please watch this powerful video: 
Trump is now within one point of Hillary Clinton in Michigan. 
I believe he will take Michigan. 
Michigan is my home state. 
My family was elbow-deep in the car industry – and I have witnessed firsthand what globalism has done to Michigan. 
People are tired. 
Americans want to come first. 
We need change. 

ARTICLE

AMAZING VIDEO : Hispanics for Trump in Miami Storm the Polls, HORNS BLASTING, Shouting 'USA! TRUMP!” AMAZING VIDEO : Hispanics for Trump in Miami Storm the Polls, HORNS BLASTING, Shouting 'USA! TRUMP!” Videos By Amy Moreno November 2, 2016 
Don't listen to the LYING North Korea style media, who say minorities do not support Trump. 
The truth is, Donald Trump has AMAZING minority support. 
And his Hispanic support in Florida is outstanding! 
At one Miami precinct, voters began a parade-like storm, shouting 'USA” and 'Make America Great Again” as they arrived at the polls to vote for America First! 
Watch the video: @realDonaldTrump latinos storming precinct 10 sw Miami to vote for our one and only president Trump!! pic.twitter.com/liu4LDey4z 
— El Galope Finca (@ElGalopeFinca) October 31, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

NEW WIKILEAK : Top Clinton Operative Believes 'BLACK VOTERS ARE STUPID” NEW WIKILEAK : Top Clinton Operative Believes 'BLACK VOTERS ARE STUPID” Videos By TruthFeedNews November 2, 2016 
A new email released as part of the Wikileaks Podesta dump features Clinton ally Brent Budowsky exposing Hillary operative David Brock of having a plan that relied upon black voters being 'stupid.” 
Why is their ZERO reporting of this on mainstream news? 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 


ARTICLE

INSPIRATIONAL VIDEO : 94 Year Old Supporter Walks a Mile a Day Stumping for Trump INSPIRATIONAL VIDEO : 94 Year Old Supporter Walks a Mile a Day Stumping for Trump Culture By TruthFeedNews November 3, 2016 
WALTON COUNTY, Fla. (WJHG/WECP) – At age 94, you could say Arlene Borges is one of Donald Trump's biggest fans. 
'I like him, I liked him before he was even thinking about being a president,” Borges said. 
And thanks to a morning routine that has become a ritual, you could also call her a super fan. 
Every day, when most people are going to work, Arlene is going the extra mile for Donald Trump. The Santa Rosa Beach resident walks one mile around town in her Trump t-shirt, meeting and greeting passersby with her bubbly personality. 
So how did it all start? 
'Well little did my son know, when he bought me a Trump shirt, I started wearing it, and boom – everything happened,” Borges said. 
Arlene has become something of a local celebrity now, with some fans even stopping to ask for a photo. She recalls one time in particular. 
'I was over on the church street and I was just sitting there getting some sun because it was kind of a chilly morning, and this car whizzes up and she gets out and had her camera or maybe it was her phone, and she says, 'Oh I've wanted a picture of you with your Trump shirt on'!” 
Arlene says she wasn't always a Republican, but she doesn't remember what year she switched parties. Her husband was a Democrat and she voted the way he voted. 
The first vote she cast for president was for the 32nd one, back when the voting age was 21 instead of 18 years old. 
'Franklin D, you know, everybody was great for Franklin D. Roosevelt,” she said. 
And now, as she casts her ballot for the man she hopes becomes the 45th, this 94 year-old will continue her grassroots effort to encourage others to do the same. 
H/T – WJHG 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : FBI SOURCES SAY INDICTMENT LIKELY FOR CLINTON VIDEO : FBI SOURCES SAY INDICTMENT LIKELY FOR CLINTON Videos By TruthFeedNews November 3, 2016 
BRET BAIER: Here's the deal: We talked to two separate sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations. One: The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far… Several offices separately have been doing their own investigations. 
Two: The immunity deal that Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, two top aides to Hillary Clinton, got from the Justice Department in which it was beleived that the laptops they had, after a narrow review for classified materials, were going to be destroyed. We have been told that those have not been destroyed — they are at the FBI field office here on Washington and are being exploited. . 
Three: The Clinton Foundation investigation is so expansive, they have interviewed and re-interviewed many people. They described the evidence they have as 'a lot of it' and said there is an 'avalanche coming in every day.' WikiLeaks and the new emails. 
They are 'actively and aggressively pursuing this case.” Remember the Foundation case is about accusations of pay-for-play… They are taking the new information and some of them are going back to interview people for the third time. As opposed to what has been written about the Clinton Foundation investigation, it is expansive. 
The classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through Anthony Weiner's laptop. They are having some success — finding what they believe to be new emaisls, not duplicates, that have been transported through Hillary Clinton's server. 
Finally, we learned there is a confidence from these sources that her server had been hacked. And that it was a 99% accuracy that it had been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that things had been taken from that… 
There has been some angst about Attorney General Loretta Lynch — what she has done or not done. She obviously did not impanel, or go to a grand jury at the beginning. They also have a problem, these sources do, with what President Obama said today and back in October of 2015… 
I pressed again and again on this very issue… The investigations will continue, there is a lot of evidence. And barring some obstruction in some way, they believe they will continue to likely an indictment. 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : New Poll Has Trump in the LEAD in New Hampshire! BREAKING : New Poll Has Trump in the LEAD in New Hampshire! Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 3, 2016 The Trump train is peaking at the perfect time. Donald Trump is leading in most polls, and gaining in key BLUE states, like Michigan, where he is within one point of Crooked Hillary. Clinton is plagued by endless scandals, lies, and TWO criminal investigations. The reopening of her email investigation after FBI officials discovered 650K emails on her top aide's computer, and the FBI investigation into the scam Clinton Foundation. We're now learning that Hillary's indictment is imminent – it's just a matter of time. Trump is using his campaign to talk about the issues that matter to Americans, like jobs, economy, and security. While Hillary is fending off scandal and FBI questions, and throwing out wild conspiracy theories on Russia and the KGB. Thanks to Trump's focus and hard work, he's now leading New Hampshire! Donald Trump now +1 in New Hampshire putting him right at 270 with wins in IA, NV, NC, FL pic.twitter.com/YMsygo861w 
— Jared Wyand  (@JaredWyand) November 3, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : FBI SEEKS 'PAY TO PLAY” Indictment in Clinton Foundation Investigation VIDEO : FBI SEEKS 'PAY TO PLAY” Indictment in Clinton Foundation Investigation Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 3, 2016 

The FBI has been quieting investigating the Clinton Foundation for over a year. 
An investigation that was fueled by secret tapes and a little book called Clinton Cash. 
Now we're learning that the FBI is seeking 'PAY TO PLAY” indictments against the Clinton Foundation. 
Keep in mind; this is a separate investigation from the newly reopened Clinton email scandal. 
Watch the video: FBI agents pushing for 'indictment” in Clinton foundation 'pay to play” scheme, investigation going on for over a year pic.twitter.com/sqNEulsPAg 
— FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) November 3, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Trump Surges to Tie Clinton in BLUE STATE Colorado VIDEO : Trump Surges to Tie Clinton in BLUE STATE Colorado Videos By TruthFeedNews November 3, 2016 
WOW! Trump has surged to tie Clinton in the Blue State of Colorado. 
Colorado is a state Hillary HAS to win and a Trump upset would be CATASTROPHIC for Clinton. 
Watch the video: This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Rudy Giuliani 'POLICE AND FBI KNOW CLINTON IS CORRUPT” VIDEO : Rudy Giuliani 'POLICE AND FBI KNOW CLINTON IS CORRUPT” Videos By TruthFeedNews November 4, 2016 
Rudy Giuliani speaks with Sean Hannity and discusses Crooked Hillary's OBVIOUS CRIMES that should be disqualifying. 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Meet the Sailor in PRISON for a MINOR CLASSIFIED INFRACTION While Hillary Runs for President VIDEO : Meet the Sailor in PRISON for a MINOR CLASSIFIED INFRACTION While Hillary Runs for President Videos By TruthFeedNews November 4, 2016 
This is a heartbreaking story because it reveals we live in two Americas. One America if you are a Clinton and have friends like Loretta Lynch in 'important places” and another America if you are a regular citizen that serves your country. 
Kathleen Saucier, mother of Kristian Saucier, shares her son's story. 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Ex-Apprentice Summer Zervos Paid $500,000 By Gloria Allred To Accuse Trump, Deal Went To Others Too BREAKING : Ex-Apprentice Summer Zervos Paid $500,000 By Gloria Allred To Accuse Trump, Deal Went To Others Too 
GotNews Reports 
The Apprentice loser and Trump 'fake rape” accuser Summer Zervos was bribed $500,000 by Democrat fundraiser and lawyer Gloria Allred to make her accusations against Donald Trump, a deal that was shopped around to other ex- Apprentice contestants too, according to anonymous sources familiar with the matter. 
GotNews' source tells us that Zervos' sexual harassment accusation against Trump is a 'completely fabricated hoax.” 
Zervos was paid half a million dollars by Gloria Allred, which is being paid out 'slowly over time” according to our source. LYING TRUMP ACCUSER SUMMER ZERVOS IMMEDIATELY AFTER BEING FIRED AND HUMILIATED ON NATIONAL TV BY DONALD TRUMP. FROM NBC. 
Zervos was a big league Trump supporter who converted her whole family to the Trump Train until she met Gloria Allred, as was reported before. 
Money talks! 
GotNews' anonymous source tells us that Zervos' family is aware of the transaction and angry about it, but does not want to be caught up in the news cycle. 

ARTICLE

Breaking News PIERS MORGAN: 'Get Off Your High Horse, Hillary. Only ONE Candidate is Up To Her Neck in FBI Probes and Her Name Isn't Donald” PIERS MORGAN: 'Get Off Your High Horse, Hillary. Only ONE Candidate is Up To Her Neck in FBI Probes and Her Name Isn't Donald” Breaking News By TruthFeedNews November 4, 2016 
By Piers Morgan When I competed in Donald Trump 's first season of Celebrity Apprentice , he pitched me in the finale against country music star Trace Adkins. NBC promoted our showdown in endless commercials as 'USA versus UK, good versus evil.' Trace was portrayed as a strong, kind, polite, hard-working, all-American hero. I was depicted as an arrogant, obnoxious, ruthless British villain. There was just one problem, as I pointed out to Trump in a boardroom exchange that tragically never got aired. 'One of us,' I explained, 'is a violent alcoholic who's been shot by an ex-wife, stabbed in bar-room knife fights, and has a criminal record for a DUI.' I competed in Donald Trump's first season of Celebrity Apprentice – and I was once portrayed as evil, not unlike how Donald has been branded these days Yesterday, Hillary Clinton showed she didn't get the 'rise above the monster' memo, shrieking herself hoarse (pictured today speaking in North Carolina) I paused for effect. 'The other…. is me…. the bad guy.' Trump roared with laughter. He got the irony, even if viewers never got the chance to. I was reminded of this today as I watched President Obama tear into Trump, branding him a small-brained, star-f***ing, Ku Klux Klan tolerating 'loser' born with a silver spoon in his mouth. It was an astonishingly personal and nasty attack from a man whose own wife Michelle recently declared from atop her lofty moral plinth: 'When they go low, we go high.' Yesterday, Hillary Clinton showed she didn't get the 'rise above the monster' memo either, shrieking herself hoarse as she once again laid into Trump supporters she recently described as 'The Deplorables'. 'I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and the anger of people who support Donald Trump,' she raged. This follows a familiar pattern from Team Clinton as election day draws closer: when in doubt, trash Trump and his followers in the meanest, ugliest, most personal way possible. The mantra seems to be: 'When they go low, we plummet even lower.' A similar mistake was made in Britain during the EU referendum debate when the Remain campaigners belittled and berated the Brexiters in a snide, sneering, superior manner. They lost. The problem for Mrs Clinton as she gallops across the fields of America like a crusading white knight trying to single-handedly save the nation from imminent Armageddon at the hands of Mr Evil is that she's the Trace Adkins of this battle. In other words, she ain't no saint herself. Her supporters don't accept this of course. To them, Hillary is a vestal political virgin of unimpeachable integrity. 'Why would I want to criticise her?' a female Clinton-ite actress indignantly asked me on Twitter yesterday. 'She's up against a mad man. Compared to him, she's bathed in golden light.' It was the kind of thing I'd expect Tom Cruise to say in defence of his beloved basket case Scientologists. Yet as I write this, Clinton is facing potential FBI criminal investigations on two fronts. One is the re-opened case of her ongoing email scandal, this time centering on the contents of sexting pervert Anthony Weiner's laptop. The second, according to the Washington Post, is an investigation into an alleged 'pay-or-play' operation Hillary ran out of the State Department that favoured donors to the Clinton Foundation charity. At the root of it lies a central charge that the Clintons have cynically and greedily exploited political power and status to enrich themselves, under the convenient protective umbrella of their Foundation. Big sponsors have been repeatedly 'invited' to donate big sums to the Foundation, then also donate big sums to the personal fortunes of Bill or Hillary in the form of cash, holidays, private jets and other benefits. On the face of it, this seems like a prima facie case of potential corruption. Yet the Post further reports the FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation has been held up by Attorney General Loretta Lynch, to the fury of many in the FBI. This is the same Loretta Lynch who Bill Clinton hijacked for a 30-minute conversation on a private airstrip days before the original FBI email investigation verdict exonerating his wife was made public. We can all draw our own conclusions, none of them I suspect very pretty. I know from first-hand experience there's no such thing as a free lunch with the Clintons. There is no such thing as a free lunch with the Clintons. I know from my own dealings it's quid-pro-quo: Bill would scratch my back if I scratched his I've interviewed Bill Clinton twice, for CNN. On both occasions, the request was only granted once I had agreed to moderate a panel for the former president at his annual Clinton Global Initiative event in aid of Clinton Foundation. It was a strict quid-pro-quo: Bill would scratch my back if I scratched his. So I scratched away, as do many other TV journalists each year who want an interview with him. There's a similar pattern to almost everything in Planet Clinton: they trade favours. But when that trade involves millions of dollars raked into personal bank accounts on the back of charity donations, it stinks to high heaven. 'Trace' Clinton should get off her high horse, before she gets a nosebleed. 
H/T – DailyMail 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Did the Clinton Foundation Personally Enrich Barack and Michelle Obama? Did the Clinton Foundation Personally Enrich Barack and Michelle Obama? 
By Judi McLeod 
Did the pay-for-play Clinton Foundation personally enrich Barack and Michelle Obama? 
A question well worth thinking about because the corruption of Hillary Clinton is the horse that bolted out of the barn on the watch of Community Organizer President Barack Obama. 
In her own words, Hillary Clinton went from 'being broke” in 2001 to a net worth of $350 million and still counting in 2016. 
oo many forget that Clinton enriched personal friends and foreign powers while she would be under scant suspicion as Obama's chosen Secretary of State. It is vital to ask before Tuesday were Barack and Michelle two of the friends enriched by the corruption that flowed from the Clinton Foundation? 
During the time of Hillary Clinton's corruption at work, Obama did not just keep looking the other way, he actually corresponded with Clinton on her private basement server under a fake name of. 
How like him to operate under a fake name as that's what he's been doing since 2008! 
Where's the forensic investigation to tell us how much money has been siphoned off to the bank accounts of Barack and Michelle Obama through the Clinton Foundation? 
Standing in for the MIA mainstream media, radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh is asking the questions the voting public need need answered: 
'Have the Clintons been selling United States foreign policy? 
'Have the Clintons been engaging in pay for play? Meaning: You pay them and they'll play ball with you by giving you policy considerations or what have you.” Have the Clintons been selling United States foreign policy? Engaging in pay for play? 
'There is little doubt in the layman's world that that has been going on. Proving it is quite another matter, but there's little doubt, especially in the political world. There's no doubt in my mind that that's what's been going on and that's why she set up the server in the first place. The entire reason for the server in her basement was not because she wanted privacy per se. It's not because she wanted convenience. It's not because she didn't want to go to the hassle of having a StateDepartment.gov email address. It's not because she didn't trust people. ( Rush Limbaugh Nov. 3, 2016) 
'The reason she set up the server in her basement was specific, and it was to be able to conduct business for the foundation and keep those emails from ever being seen by anybody, including Freedom of Information Act requests. And what the Clintons have been doing via their foundation is where the real criminality is. There's negligence and intent over on the email server side with classified data being trafficked and so forth. But over here at the foundation, that is where the Clintons have been engaging…” 
There can be little doubt that Obama's a valued player of the Bill, Hillary, Huma and Anthony Weiner baseball team. 
Indeed we can see for ourselves that the Obamas are proud of what Hillary has done in the shocking and revolting pay-for-play game. Both president and First Lady have been out on the campaign trail telling Americans Hillary's the ONLY option for president. 
In praising his former Secretary of State, Obama has been telling outright lies, including the whopper that 'the fate of the world is teetering” because of Donald J. Trump. 
'The fate of the world is teetering” because Obama seeks to kill off all life for Western society. 
How conniving Obama is in his 'Elect Hillary' stumping: 
'You know what? She's not flashy. She's not going around spending all the time giving big stemwinders. And as a consequence, sometimes she's underappreciated here at home,” he said. 'But she made me a better president,” Obama told an audience of university students in Chapel Hill, N.C. 
'Obama became most animated, and spent the most time, on the topic of Trump – a person he views as an existential threat to not only his legacy, but the world. 
'I am not on the ballot. But I tell you what, fairness is on the ballot, decency is on the ballot, justice is on the ballot, progress is on the ballot,” he warned, his voice noticeably rising. 'Our democracy's on the ballot right now!” Clinton didn't make Obama a better president but most likely only a richer one 
Clinton didn't make Obama a better president but most likely only a richer one. 
Obama IS 'On the ballot” because he's going for a third term through the election of the country's biggest liar. 
Civil unrest is being planned by community organizers everywhere should Donald Trump be elected, and the draining of the swamp will be epic. 
'For unto whomsoever much is given , of him shall be much required ,” reads Luke 12:48 in the King James Version of the Bible. 
Trump's first job should be return the White House, now a den of inequity, to the people. America needs a White House that belongs—not to the perps but to the people. 
When global masters inflicted the community organizer president on the world back in 2008, it did not include a right to dictate who would follow him as president. 
Today's the last 'Friday Dump' until after election and millions wait for the other shoe to drop. 
No matter what today's dump brings, millions who want a better America will survive it and go on to fight the Obama-Clinton cabal to the finish. 
God help us all because the devil is now running as freely in the White House as he is at the Vatican. 
H/T – CanadaFreePress 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Ted Cruz STUMPS for TRUMP, 'There's No Division, Just Unity!” VIDEO : Ted Cruz STUMPS for TRUMP, 'There's No Division, Just Unity!” Videos By Amy Moreno November 4, 2016 
Ted Cruz joined Mike Pence on the campaign trail to stump for the man who he was once at odds with. 
Cruz made it clear to reporters that he supports Trump and voted for him. 
'There's no division, only unity.” 
Watch the video: This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Black Professor, 'Black Voters Are Breaking For Trump” VIDEO : Black Professor, 'Black Voters Are Breaking For Trump” Videos By Amy Moreno November 4, 2016 
Obama and Hillary avoid talking about black poverty rates, unemployment, and crime in black communities because the statistics are a NIGHTMARE. 
Global politics have destroyed blacks. 
Instead, they talk about 'racism” as if black people are so unsophisticated that they can't see truth or facts for themselves. 
This professor says that black voters see the truth and are much smarter than Democrats give them credit – and they're breaking for Trump this election. 
Watch the video: This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Fox News Martha Maccallum SHREDS Hillary's RUSSIAN Theory in ONE TWEET Fox News Martha Maccallum SHREDS Hillary's RUSSIAN Theory in ONE TWEET Politics By Amy Moreno November 4, 2016 
As the Wikileaks emails start getting more and more damaging the Clinton campaign is doubling down on their Russian conspiracy theory by now suggesting the Russians are writing FAKE emails. 
Que? 
However, Fox News' Martha MacCallum pointed out a rather YUGE flaw in the logic of the Hillary camp claiming Russians created 'fake” emails to try and interfere with the election. 
In one recently released email, Clinton campaign chair John Podesta writes that they needed to 'dump emails.” 
After that had hit the news, Podesta tried explaining that by 'dump” he meant the emails should be made public. 
Ha ha ha….O….K, pal. 
Afterward, Martha tweeted out a tweet that pretty much destroys the 'Russians made fake email” story. Once you start haggling over what you meant in an email, the idea that it was written by the Russians kind of goes out the 
— martha maccallum (@marthamaccallum) November 2, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : HOAX 'RAPE LAWSUIT” AGAINST TRUMP IS DROPPED BREAKING : HOAX 'RAPE LAWSUIT” AGAINST TRUMP IS DROPPED Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 5, 2016 
The hoax 'rape lawsuit” which a liar attempted to bring against Trump, has been dropped. 
Chalk it up to another lie perpetuated by the left and #NeverTrump idiots in a desperate attempt to take down Donald Trump. 
From Politico : 
A woman who accused Donald Trump of repeatedly raping her two decades ago when she was a 13-year-old aspiring teen model has again dropped a federal lawsuit over the alleged assaults. 
The accuser, identified in the lawsuit by the pseudonym 'Jane Doe,” was expected to appear at a news conference in Los Angeles Wednesday, but that appearance was abruptly canceled. 
Let this be a lesson to the left and #NeverTrump – all of your fake accusers have been debunked and shamed. 
This isn't the 90's anymore and you're not dealing with half-asleep Americans. 
We're 100% wide awake and will fight YOU for OUR COUNTRY. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Hacker Guccifer 2.0 Issues Dire Warning to Americans : Democrats May Try and HACK the Election Hacker Guccifer 2.0 Issues Dire Warning to Americans : Democrats May Try and HACK the Election Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 4, 2016 
Hacker Guccifer 2.0 issued a dire election warning to American voters. 
According to Guccifer 2.0 the software used by FEC networks may be vulnerable to fraud. 
— GUCCIFER 2.0 (@GUCCIFER_2) November 4, 2016 
From Guccifer 2.0: I'd like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies. 
As I've already said, their software is of poor quality, with many holes and vulnerabilities. I have registered in the FEC electronic system as an independent election observer; so I will monitor that the elections are held honestly. 
I also call on other hackers to join me, monitor the elections from inside and inform the U.S. society about the facts of electoral fraud. I'll be an independent observer at the U.S. #Elections2016 I call on other hackers to monitor the elections from inside the system 
— GUCCIFER 2.0 (@GUCCIFER_2) November 4, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Occult Expert Breaks Down Wikileaks Exposed Clinton Campaign Satanism Occult Expert Breaks Down Wikileaks Exposed Clinton Campaign Satanism Videos By TruthFeedNews November 5, 2016 
Earlier we covered the revelation of the Podesta family's odd SATANISM Fetish revealed by Wikileaks. 
Alex Jones goes in depth on the disgrace and many times occultists have tried to recruit him and drag him down to their level. 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Black Professor, 'Black Voters Are Breaking For Trump” VIDEO : Black Professor, 'Black Voters Are Breaking For Trump” Videos By Amy Moreno November 4, 2016 
Obama and Hillary avoid talking about black poverty rates, unemployment, and crime in black communities because the statistics are a NIGHTMARE. 
Global politics have destroyed blacks. 
Instead, they talk about 'racism” as if black people are so unsophisticated that they can't see truth or facts for themselves. 
This professor says that black voters see the truth and are much smarter than Democrats give them credit – and they're breaking for Trump this election. 
Watch the video: This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter.

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Bernie Supporter Hijacks Hillary Crowd and Tells them NOT to Vote For Her VIDEO : Bernie Supporter Hijacks Hillary Crowd and Tells them NOT to Vote For Her Videos By Amy Moreno November 5, 2016 Hillary got trolled at her own rally by a scheduled speaker! 
During a small, lackluster Clinton rally a scheduled speaker took the stage and urged everyone NOT to vote for Hillary Clinton. 
Ha ha ha! 
The young man is a college sophomore and Bernie supporter. 
He told the small crowd of people NOT to vote for Hillary because of her strong ties to crooked Wall Street before he was escorted off stage. 
Awesome! 
Watch the video: Bernie Sanders supporter and college student speaker calls out Hillary Clinton at her own rally, security pulls him off stage 11/5/2016 pic.twitter.com/EKMV15ZScd This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Neil Cavuto to Defeated Hillary Pundit, 'You Look Sad and Depressed” VIDEO : Neil Cavuto to Defeated Hillary Pundit, 'You Look Sad and Depressed” Videos By Amy Moreno November 5, 2016 
The Hillary supporters see the writing on the wall. 
It's the end of the big game, and Trump has the ball and is running the clock out. 
While he surges in the polls, Hillary and her supporting cast of dropkicks, like Obama, are SCREAMING at the crowds of people in what looks to be unhinged desperation. 
Hillary sounds like Howard Dean, screeching as if her political life depends on it, and Obama is lecturing voters, chastising them for not 'LISTENING WHEN HE SPEAKS.” 
It's a clown show. 
Neil points some of this out to his Hillary supporting guest, who appears very, very sad. 
Watch the video: DEPRESSION SETTING IN: Neil Cavuto to Clinton supporter, 'You look sad, what's the matter?” #SaturdayMorning pic.twitter.com/bs8oOUzlVH 
— Asa J  (@asamjulian) November 5, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Hannity, Judge Jeanine, Crowley 'Hillary has Sold America's National Security. WORSE than a CRIME FAMILY” Hannity, Judge Jeanine, Crowley 'Hillary has Sold America's National Security. WORSE than a CRIME FAMILY” Videos By TruthFeedNews November 6, 2016 
Sean Hannity quotes his own and other sources on the FBI's investigation into Clinton wrongdoing, noting that the law enforcement probe will continue regardless of who wins next Tuesday. After reading an update on the current state of the Clinton investigation he turns the floor over to Judge Jeanine Pirro who says, 'It's time for a grand jury.” 
She says, 'It's time for Loretta Lynch to allow Comey and the FBI to get this evidence before a grand jury. There is a mutiny in the FBI, that's why all of this stuff is coming out. There are four offices that continue to investigate although Justice has tried to shut this down, saying there's not enough evidence, this recording from this other person who apparently is an informant is hearsay.” 
Judge Jeanine adds, 'This woman should have been indicted a year ago. A simpleton could figure out that she would make a deal with a particular country, the money goes into the foundation, Bill makes a speech and then they get the benefit. This is classic RICO corruption; go to jail.” 
Hannity asks Monica Crowley, 'What is Loretta Lynch hiding here, what is she resisting when it's clearly an avalanche of evidence?” Crowley says she sees it as the revenge of the FBI rank and file 'and the timing is not a coincidence.” She notes that in this country, 'If you do not have an independent, impartial and fair Department of Justice and FBI which are only interested in enforcing the rule of law and finding the truth then you have nothing. Obviously that is not what we have with much of the DOJ and with senior FBI leadership. 
She describes the email investigation as the shiny object, while it is very important, the real mother lode of corruption is the Clinton Foundation. Crowley insists that the bigger point that the American people need to bear in mind before going to vote on Tuesday is that Clinton leveraged her public office in order to enrich herself, her husband and their foundation. 
As the conversation shifts to the fact that Clinton is a target for extortion and blackmail due to her emails being hacked by five different foreign governments, Judge Jeanine declares, 'She has sold America's national security for money. These people are grifters, they've been grifters since they came on the scene. And she knew that when she set up that server that it wasn't secure. She did it for money, she did it to enrich themselves, she didn't care about our security and Huma Abedin, I don't know who she and Weiner are connecting with, but these are people who do not have our interests at heart.” 
Crowley says Clinton should have her security clearance revoked tonight. She believes this will be the straw that finally breaks the camel's back in the Clinton parasitic relationship with the United States. Crowley knew Richard Nixon well. This is so much worse, she says, reminding the audience that nobody was killed in Watergate and 'nobody made one red cent.” 
H/T – RickWells 
For once in our lifetime, we the people have an opportunity to elect a President who was NOT chosen by Multinational Corporations, Big Banks, DC Elites, and the Globalist Lapdog Mainstream Media. 
Please like and share if you are a TRUMP VOTER! 

ARTICLE

BREAKING BOMBSHELL: Wikileaks Exposes Hillary's Campaign 'Remain Close” with Convicted Serial Child Molester BREAKING BOMBSHELL: Wikileaks Exposes Hillary's Campaign 'Remain Close” with Convicted Serial Child Molester Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 5, 2016 
We've learned a great deal from the Wikileaks Podesta emails. 
From pay to play scams run by the Hillary to vile, nasty name-calling by the campaign chiefs to macabre occult 'spirit cooking” ceremonies and the ongoing attempts to hide Hillary's emails from FBI investigators and the public. 
Now, we're finding out a VERY DISTURBING fact. 
John Podesta, Hillary's CAMPAIGN CHAIR has CLOSE family ties to CONVICTED SERIAL CHILD MOLESTER Denny Hastert . 
From Wikipedia… 
In the email below, Podesta's brother mentions Denny, saying he's remained 'CLOSE” to him. 
Denny Hastert was a wrestling coach, and he molested the boys on his team and then paid 'hush money” to cover it up. 
These are the people who the Hillary campaign, and their family members call friends and keep in 'close touch with.” 
It's disgusting. 
This is why the word is out that the FBI and NYPD are absolutely disgusted by the content of the new Clinton emails being investigated which may involve child sex trafficking. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Trump Takes Nearly 6-Point NATIONAL LEAD BREAKING : Trump Takes Nearly 6-Point NATIONAL LEAD Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 6, 2016 
Trump takes his largest lead yet in the LA Times-USC Dornsife poll. 
Trump now leads Hillary Clinton by 5.6 points. 48.2 to 42.6 
If Trump maintains this margin he will win in a LANDSLIDE. Link to the poll. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Sean Hannity SHREDS FBI Director James Comey for Clearing CRIMINAL HILLARY Again Sean Hannity SHREDS FBI Director James Comey for Clearing CRIMINAL HILLARY Again Politics By Amy Moreno November 7, 2016 
Sean Hannity reacted to FBI Director James Comey's press release clearing Hillary of any wrongdoing for storing and passing top secret information on her unsecured (ILLEGAL) server she had stuffed into a coat closet. 
Clinton shared classified info with her MAID, deleted subpoenaed EVIDENCE with BleachBit, and LIED UNDER OATH. 
But hey, everything is HUNKY DORY! 
Sean Hannity weighed on the RIGGED SYSTEM in a series of tweets. If law enforcement or congress ever ask for e mails regarding an investigation, the FBI now says it's OK to delete them with "Bleach Bit" 
— Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 6, 2016 Also the FBI says it's ok to put Classified "top secret""special access program"information on an unsecured server in a bathroom closet!! 
— Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 6, 2016 
If you're sick of the corruption and the rigged system, VOTE on Tuesday for Donald Trump and let's #DrainTheSwamp. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE


By Wayne Allen Root – Review Journal 
The election is Tuesday. So it's time to make my final case for Donald J. Trump. My case is pretty simple — it's Trump or it's the end of America. 
I was raised as a middle-class kid in the greatest country in world history. A country built around mobility, opportunity and economic freedom. A country that allowed this son of a butcher to become a successful business owner, media personality, best-selling author and TV star and producer. Only in America. 
I was taught by my wonderful, patriotic, true red, white and blue, salt-of-the-earth, American parents that certain specific things made America great. Here they are: 
Faith in God, prayer, love of country, family, a belief in American exceptionalism, capitalism, Judeo-Christian values, the Constitution, limited government, personal responsibility, economic freedom, the military and police. 
Well don't look now. But everything from that list above … everything we believe in … everything that made America great … has been under full-scale assault for eight long years — from multiple directions. And Hillary is here to finish the job. She already publicly stated she wants to be Obama's third term. 
The truth is we either send a strong message heard around the world and elect Trump, or the America we know and love is gone. Forever. 
Because if Trump doesn't win, no other Republican will ever be elected president again. President Hillary Clinton will make sure of that. Hillary will open the borders like never before to let in millions of illegal aliens who have no love for anything that made America great. 
Foreigners come here not out of a love for America, but for a love of the cradle-to-grave welfare state that America has become. Eighty percent of them (or higher) will vote Democrat forever more to keep the welfare checks coming. That's Hillary's plan. 
Don't believe me? See California. No Republican will ever again be elected to statewide office. This was the exact formula that destroyed California. Open the borders, let in millions of foreigners, make them dependent on government welfare checks and then train them to vote Democrat to keep the handouts coming. 
It worked! 
That was the experiment. Now Democrats are onto Plan B — to turn the rest of America into California. 
Hillary will open the borders and tie the hands of border agents in order to flood the country with millions of new illegals. Hillary will legalize the 12 million to 15 million or so already here — and give them the right to vote. 
Hillary will also enthusiastically import millions of Muslim refugees who have no love for America, capitalism, the Constitution, or certainly Judeo-Christian values. Some will become terrorists, almost all will require cradle-to-grave welfare. 
Then it's over for America. 
So vote. Drag your friends to the polls. Make phone calls to your entire address book. Leave no stone unturned. 
Think of the U.S. Supreme Court. 
Think of open borders. 
Think of your children's and grandchildren's future. 
Then vote for Trump like it's … Trump, or the end of America. 
Because it is. 
Wayne Allyn Root is a best-selling author and host of 'WAR Now: The Wayne Allyn Root Show” 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. daily at 790 Talk Now. His R-J columns run Wednesdays and Sundays. 
For once in our lifetime, we the people have an opportunity to elect a President who was NOT chosen by Multinational Corporations, Big Banks, DC Elites, and the Globalist Lapdog Mainstream Media. 
Please like and share if you are a TRUMP VOTER! 

ARTICLE

Twitter Users DESTROY Clinton Puppet James Comey #ComeyResign Twitter Users DESTROY Clinton Puppet James Comey #ComeyResign Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 7, 2016 
If you thought FBI Director James Comey was a bought and paid for Obama shill, today proved it. 
Sunday afternoon Comey announced he had completed the investigation of 650K emails, which he started nine days ago, and that there would be no charges against Hillary Clinton. 
Um, first off, it took him over a YEAR to go through 53K emails, so how the hell did he BUST through 650K so fast? 
Impossible. 
Next, we just learned today that Hillary had her MAID printing off classified emails for her. 
And finally, the FBI said that they were 99% certain at least FIVE countries had HACKED Hillary's ILLEGAL server. 
My God, what more does a person have to do to get friggen arrested? 
It's obvious the FBI has been compromised, and James Comey is a Clinton and Obama flunky. 
Twitter exploded at the news, and the cries for Comey to resign are shaking the very foundation of the social media platform using the hashtag #ComeyResign. FBI Director Comey has officially killed every ounce of integrity the FBI had left. #ComeyResign 
— Boss Trump (@TrumpTheBoss) November 7, 2016 This "news" from Comey should only help Trump get more votes. The corruption is overwhelming & very disturbing. #ComeyResign 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : New Wikileak Bombshell Shows CNN Asked the DNC What Questions to Ask Trump BREAKING : New Wikileak Bombshell Shows CNN Asked the DNC What Questions to Ask Trump Breaking News By TruthFeedNews November 7, 2016 
The latest batch of Wikileaks has just dropped with over 8,000 emails from the DNC and the revelations are already coming in. 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 7, 2016 
One new revelation is that CNN appears to have been actively colluding with the DNC. 
Here you can see Lauren Dillon of the DNC sending out a group email asking them what questions Wolf Blitzer should ask Trump. (link) 
Yup, we call it the Clinton News Network for a reason. 
Oh yeah, remember that time Wolf Blitzer danced and drank when Hillary stole the nomination from Bernie Sanders? So do we. 
— Nick Ciletti (@NickCiletti) July 29, 2016 
For once in our lifetime, we the people have an opportunity to elect a President who was NOT chosen by Multinational Corporations, Big Banks, DC Elites, and the Globalist Lapdog Mainstream Media. 
Please like and share if you are a TRUMP VOTER! 

ARTICLE

11. July 10, 2012: Remarks With Foreign Minister Pham Binh Minh After Their Meeting 'So we're working on expanding it through a far-reaching, new regional trade agreement called the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would lower trade barriers while raising standards on everything from labor conditions to environmental protection to intellectual property. Both of our countries will benefit. And in fact, economists expect that Vietnam would be among the countries under the Trans-Pacific Partnership to benefit the most. And we hope to finalize this agreement by the end of the year.” 12. July 10, 2012: Remarks at American Chamber of Commerce Reception and Commercial Signings 'Domestic and international businesses alike continue to face rules that restrict their activities, and that, in turn, deters investment and slows growth. So we are encouraging the Government of Vietnam to keep on the path of economic and administrative reform to open its markets to greater private investment. And through the Trans-Pacific Partnership, we're working with Vietnam and seven other nations to lower trade barriers throughout the region, as we ensure the highest standards for labor, environmental, and intellectual property protections. Vietnam was an early entrant to the TPP, and we're hoping we can finalize the agreement this year. And the economic analysis is that of all the countries that will be participating — Australia, Canada, Mexico, others — of all the countries participating in the TPP, Vietnam stands to benefit the most. So we're hoping to really see this agreement finalized and then watch it take off.” 13. July 8, 2012: Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba 'We also discussed the opportunity to strengthen our economic relationship, and the United States welcomes Japan's interest in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which we think will connect economies throughout the region, making trade and investment easier, spurring exports, creating jobs. The TPP is just one element of our increased focus on the Asia Pacific, but it is important that we recognize that the Japanese-American relationship is really at the cornerstone of everything we are doing in the Asia Pacific. We are not only treaty allies; we are friends and partners with common interests and shared values.” 14. April 30, 2012: Remarks With Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta, Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario, and Philippines Defense Secretary Voltaire Gazmin After Their Meeting 'Finally, we discussed the maturing economic relationship between our countries as well as our shared commitment to enhanced development, trade, and investment. We would like to see the Philippines join the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade community. The foreign secretary raised the Philippines' interest in seeking passage of the Save our Industries Act, and we have conveyed that message to the United States Congress.” 15. April 12, 2012: Remarks at the White House Conference on Connecting the Americas 'Now President Obama and I have said many times that this will be America's Pacific century, and we are focused on the broader Pacific. But remember, the Pacific runs from the Indian Ocean to the western shores of Latin America. We see this as one large area for our strategic focus. That's why we're working with APEC; that's why we're creating the Trans-Pacific Partnership. We recognize the mutual benefits of engagement between the Americas and the rest of the Pacific.” 16. April 10, 2012: Forrestal Lecture at the Naval Academy 'As part of that same trip last November, the President built momentum for a new far-reaching trade agreement called the Trans-Pacific Partnership that we are negotiating with eight other countries in the Asia-Pacific region. This agreement is not just about eliminating barriers to trade, although that is crucial for boosting U.S. exports and creating jobs here at home. It's also about agreeing on the rules of the road for an integrated Pacific economy that is open, free, transparent, and fair. It will put in place strong protections for workers, the environment, intellectual property, and innovation — all key American values. And it will cover emerging issues such as the connectivity of regional supply chains, the competitive impact of state-owned enterprises, and create trade opportunities for more small-and-medium-sized businesses.” 17. April 21, 2012: Keynote Address At Global Business Conference 'Big or small, we're standing up for an economic system that benefits everyone, like when our Embassy in Manila worked with Filipino authorities on new intellectual property protections or when our negotiators ensure that the new Trans-Pacific Partnership requires that state-owned enterprises compete under the same rules as private companies.” 18. February 1, 2012: Remarks With Singaporean Foreign Minister and Minister for Law K. Shanmugam 'This is a very consequential relationship. The multidimensional growth of our relationship with Singapore is an example of the importance that the United States sets on strengthening our engagement in the Asia Pacific. We are working together on a full range of issues, including moving forward on a high-quality trade agreement through the Trans-Pacific Partnership process.” 19. December 19, 2011: Remarks With Japanese Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba After Their Meeting 'The minister and I also discussed a number of bilateral and regional issues and reviewed the close and ongoing collaboration between Japan and the United States in the aftermath of last March's earthquake, tsunami, and nuclear crisis. We discussed Japan's recent move to pursue consultations on joining the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations to resolve longstanding trade concerns in order to deepen the economic ties to the benefit of both our countries. I also urged that Japan take decisive steps so that it accedes to The Hague Convention on International Parental Child Abduction and address outstanding cases.” 20. November 18, 2011: Remarks at ASEAN Business and Investment Summit 'Now let me describe briefly four ways that we want to work with you: first, by lowering trade barriers; second, by strengthening the investment climate; third, by pursuing commercial diplomacy; and fourth, by supporting entrepreneurs. We're excited about the innovative trade agreement called the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP. That would bring economies from across the Pacific, developed and developing alike, into a single trading community, not only to create more growth, but better growth.” 21. November 16, 2011: Presentation of the Order of Lakandula, Signing of the Partnership for Growth And Joint Press Availability With Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert Del Rosario 'Together we hope to deliver an array of benefits to the people, including more foreign investment to create new jobs, a more streamlined court system that can deliver justice and protect local businesses, better services, and more resources to fight poverty. Over time, these steps will better position the Philippines to join the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which we hope will dramatically increase trade and investment among the peoples of the Pacific.” 22. November 10, 2011: America's Pacific Century 'There is new momentum in our trade agenda with the recent passage of the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement and our ongoing work on a binding, high-quality Trans-Pacific Partnership, the so-called TPP. The TPP will bring together economies from across the Pacific, developed and developing alike, into a single 21st century trading community. A rules-based order will also be critical to meeting APEC's goal of eventually creating a free trade area of the Asia Pacific.” 23. October 14, 2011: Economic Statecraft One of America's great successes of the past century was to build a strong network of relationships and institutions across the Atlantic — an investment that continues to pay off today. One of our great projects in this century will be to do the same across the Pacific. Our Free Trade Agreement with South Korea, our commitment to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, are clear demonstrations that we are not only a resident military and diplomatic power in Asia, we are a resident economic power and we are there to stay.” 24. September 15, 2011: Celebrating 60 years of the U.S.-Australia Alliance 'We are working to encourage trade through the Trans-Pacific Partnership and through APEC, whose leaders the President will be hosting this fall in Hawaii. Together, we are strengthening regional institutions like the East Asia Summit and ASEAN. And as Secretary Panetta will explain, our military relationship is deepening and becoming even more consequential.” 25. July 25, 2011: Remarks on Principles for Prosperity in the Asia-Pacific 'That is the spirit behind the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the so-called TPP, which we hope to outline by the time of APEC in November, because this agreement will bring together economies from across the Pacific—developed and developing alike—into a single trading community.” 26. July 20, 2011: Remarks on India and the United States: A Vision for the 21st Century 'The United States is pushing forward on comprehensive trade deals like the Trans-Pacific Partnership and our free trade agreement with South Korea. We are also stepping up our commercial diplomacy and pursuing a robust economic agenda at APEC. India, for its part, has concluded or will soon conclude new bilateral economic partnerships with Singapore, Malaysia, Japan, South Korea, and others. The more our countries trade and invest with each other and with other partners, the more central the Asia Pacific region becomes to global commerce and prosperity, and the more interest we both have in maintaining stability and security. As the stakes grow higher, we should use our shared commitment to make sure that we have maritime security and freedom of navigation. We need to combat piracy together. We have immediate tasks that we must get about determining.” 27. May 17, 2011: Secretary Clinton's Remarks With New Zealand Foreign Minister Murray McCully 'We looked ahead to the East Asia summit where President Obama will participate for the first time, and the United States will send our largest, most senior delegation ever to the Pacific Island Forum in New Zealand later this year. We talked about developments in Fiji, and both New Zealand and the United States agree that the military junta must take steps to return Fiji to democracy. And we agree on the importance of pursuing negotiations on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which will provide a free trade agreement for nine countries across the region, including both of ours. We're making steady progress on this. We hope to be able to have the negotiations complete by the time we all meet in Hawaii for APEC toward the end of this year.” 28. May 2, 2011: Remarks With Australian Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd After Their Meeting 'And both of us understand the benefits of deeper economic integration and fair trade. Minister Rudd was very influential in helping us to work toward a greater, more relevant involvement in the Pacific-Asian institutions, such as joining the East Asian Summit. The Trans-Pacific Partnership, which is exploring ways to expand opportunity, is critical, and APEC and ASEAN are two other organizations where we work together.” 29. April 17, 2011: Remarks at the American Chamber of Commerce Breakfast 'We will be hosting the 2011 APEC summit in Hawaii later this year. We are pushing to advance economic integration, remove trade barriers, and make sure that our national regulations line up in a way that encourages trade. We are also working hard on the trans-Pacific partnership, a cutting edge regional free trade agreement that would eventually cover an area responsible for over 40 percent of global trade.” 30. March 18, 2011: Remarks at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) on Latin America 'As countries step up on the global stage, they will make essential contributions to helping all of us meet some of those most important challenges. Mexico, for example, made a crucial contribution to the fight against climate change through its remarkable leadership in Cancun last year. Brazil, Mexico, and Argentina in the G-20; Chile and Mexico in the OECD; Chile and Peru in the Trans-Pacific Partnership; and along with Mexico in APEC, these are all helping to build a foundation for balanced global growth, a transparent global economy, and broad-based opportunity. ' 31. March 9, 2011: Remarks at the First Senior Officials Meeting (SOM) for the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum 'The United States is also making important progress on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which will bring together nine APEC economies in a cutting-edge, next generation trade deal, one that aims to eliminate all trade tariffs by 2015 while improving supply change, saving energy, enhancing business practices both through information technology and green technologies. To date, the TPP includes Brunei, Chile, New Zealand, Singapore, Australia, Malaysia, Peru, Vietnam and the United States.” 32. January 14, 2011: Inaugural Richard C. Holbrooke Lecture on a Broad Vision of U.S.-China Relations in the 21st Century 'We are taking steps to ensure that our defense posture reflects the complex and evolving strategic environment in the region and we are working to ratify a free trade agreement with South Korea and pursuing a regional agreement through the Trans-Pacific Partnership to help create new opportunities for American companies and support new jobs here at home. Those goals will be front and center when we host the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Forum in Hawaii later this year.” 33: November 7, 2010: Remarks at U.S. Trade Promotion Event 'Now, we've seen how bilateral trade benefits both sides. Our challenge now is to broaden those benefits. That means we have to look for even more opportunities to increase trade and investment between us. And it means that we work harder to broaden the benefits of trade even beyond our two countries. Australia is an important partner in negotiating the ambitious new multilateral trade deal called the Trans Pacific Partnership. Over time, we hope to deliver a groundbreaking agreement that connects countries as diverse as Peru and Vietnam with America and Australia to create a new free trade zone that can galvanize commerce, competition, and growth across the entire Pacific region.” 34. November 7, 2010: Speech and Townterview with Australian Broadcasting Company 'To continue this progress, we are both pressing ahead on something called the Trans-Pacific Partnership. It's an ambitious multilateral free trade agreement that would bring together many more nations of the Pacific Rim. Australia and the United States are helping to lead those negotiations and we're also working through APEC, which the United States will host in Hawaii in 2011. We see that as a pivotal year to drive progress on internal economic changes that will open more markets and make sure that any growth is more sustainable and inclusive. And finally, we believe that the United States and Australia have been at the forefront of organize the entire region for the future.” 35. November 5, 2010: Christchurch Trade Reception Hosted by the American Chamber of Commerce 'We are looking for ways to broaden and deepen our economic ties and build on the strong foundation we already have. And we think that the Trans-Pacific Partnership is a very exciting opportunity. This multilateral free trade agreement would bring together nine countries located in the Asia Pacific region — New Zealand and the United States, Australia, Chile, Singapore, Brunei, Peru, Vietnam, and Malaysia. By eliminating most tariffs and other trade barriers, and embracing productive policies on competition, intellectual property, and government procurement, we can spur greater trade and integration not only among the participating countries, but as a spur to the entire region.” 36. November 4, 2010: Remarks With New Zealand Prime Minister John Phillip Key and New Zealand Foreign Minister Murray Stuart McCully ” Well, let me say that we discussed at some length, both the foreign minister and I and then the prime minister and I, the way forward on trade. We are very committed to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and New Zealand, again, is playing a leading role. And we want to expedite the negotiations as much as possible. So we are exploring ways that we can try to drive this agenda. I am absolutely convinced that opening up markets in Asia amongst all of us and doing so in a way that creates win-win situations so that people feel that trade is in their interests.” 37. November 3, 2010: Remarks at the Pratt & Whitney Trade Event 'That is why the United States is very pleased by Malaysia's decision to join the negotiations for the Trans Pacific Strategic Economic Partnership. This regional trade agreement will promote shared success by expanding markets and building a level playing field for workers in every country that participates.” 38. November 2, 2010: Remarks with Malaysian Foreign Minister Anifah Aman 'Finally, we are pleased that Malaysia joined last month's negotiations for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. That is a pact that would expand markets and create a level playing field for people in every country that does participate. I know there are tough issues to work out, as there always are with these agreements, but Malaysia's leadership in this region for greater economic growth is absolutely essential.” 39. November 2, 2010: Secretary Clinton's Meeting with Kuala Lumpur Embassy Staff and Their Families 'And I think we have tremendous opportunities here. But I know when I leave tomorrow, the work to make those opportunities into realities falls to all of you. So I know a lot is expected of you, but we're going to be doing even more in Malaysia. We have a lot of plans for educational exchanges. We have some very exciting work on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, enhancing trade and investment (inaudible) that will promote closer cooperation.” 40. November 2, 2010: Townterview Hosted by Media Prima in Malaysia 'So in our meetings with your government officials and even in my conversation with the prime minister earlier today, we of course talked about our bilateral relationship but we also talked about the role that Malaysia is playing in the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a new free trade agreement that will enhance market access, but also working to support Afghanistan and the people there with training and medical services.” 41. October 30, 2010:Remarks With Vietnamese Foreign Minister Pham Gia Khiem 'I n trade, our two countries have already made great progress. Fifteen years ago, our bilateral trade was about $450 million. Last year it was more than $15 billion. And the foreign minister and the prime minister and I talked about how to expand this trade relationship, including through the Trans-Pacific Partnership. The United States, Vietnam, and seven other countries finished a third round of negotiations on the TPP this month and we hope that Vietnam can conclude it in internal process and announce its status as a full member of the partnership soon.” 42. October 28, 2010: America's Engagement in the Asia-Pacific 'We are also pressing ahead with negotiations for the Trans-Pacific Partnership, an innovative, ambitious multilateral free trade agreement that would bring together nine Pacific Rim countries, including four new free trade partners for the United States, and potentially others in the future. 2011 will be a pivotal year for this agenda. Starting with the Korea Free Trade Agreement, continuing with the negotiation of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, working together for financial rebalancing at the G-20, and culminating at the APEC Leaders Summit in Hawaii, we have a historic chance to create broad, sustained, and balanced growth across the Asia Pacific and we intend to seize that.” 43. September 8, 2010: Remarks on United States Foreign Policy 'On the economic front, we've expanded our relationship with APEC, which includes four of America's top trading partners and receives 60 percent of our exports. We want to realize the benefits from greater economic integration. In order to do that, we have to be willing to play. To this end, we are working to ratify a free trade agreement with South Korea, we're pursuing a regional agreement with the nations of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and we know that that will help create new jobs and opportunities here at home.” 44. July 22, 2010: Remarks With Vietnam Deputy Prime Minister And Foreign Minister Pham Gia Khiem 'And I am very much supportive of Vietnam's participation as a full member in the Trans-Pacific Partnership. As Vietnam embarks on labor and other reforms, the American businesses that are investing in Vietnam can provide expertise that will aid Vietnam's economic and infrastructure development.” 45. January 12, 2010: Remarks on Regional Architecture in Asia: Principles and Priorities 'In addition, the United States is engaging in the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade negotiations as a mechanism for improving linkages among many of the major Asia-Pacific economies. And to build on political progress, we must support efforts to protect human rights and promote open societies.” 
For once in our lifetime, we the people have an opportunity to elect a President who was NOT chosen by Multinational Corporations, Big Banks, DC Elites, and the Globalist Lapdog Mainstream Media. 
Please like and share if you are a TRUMP VOTER! 

ARTICLE

WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL : Chelsea Clinton Used Foundation CHARITY Money for Her LAVISH Wedding and 'Life” WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELL : Chelsea Clinton Used Foundation CHARITY Money for Her LAVISH Wedding and 'Life” Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 6, 2016 Here's a BOMBSHELL! 
It looks like Hillary's daughter Chelsea Clinton has used the Clinton Foundation to fund her 'lavish wedding and life” for a DECADE. 
This stunning information comes from Doug Band the PRESIDENT of the Clinton Foundation. 
So, further PROOF that the Clintons have used that scandalous foundation to LINE THEIR OWN POCKETS. 
Sickening. 

ARTICLE

Sources Say Weiner Ready to Sail Huma and Hillary Down the River Sources Say Weiner Ready to Sail Huma and Hillary Down the River Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 1, 2016 
FBI sources say Weiner is looking to beat the 'Child porn” wrap and is ready to sail Huma, Hillary and anyone else, down the proverbial river. 
Sources indicate that Weiner will swap a pass on kiddy porn in exchange for his cooperation in the email scandal. 
There's no honor among thieves. Sources in FBI say that Weiner wants immunity for underage sex crimes in exchange for Clinton foundation & email scandal re Qatar pipeline. 
— Hector Morenco (@hectormorenco) November 1, 2016 
The email are rumored to outline a sinister and enormous pay to play deal involving a billion dollar pipeline. Soon the world will discover HRC & Obama are at the center of the Syrian conflict, profited from the Clinton foundation, & ignored ISIS. pic.twitter.com/PO0ziHiueX 
— Hector Morenco (@hectormorenco) October 30, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Homeland Security Chairman, 'Hillary's Mishandling of Classified Information is Treason” Homeland Security Chairman, 'Hillary's Mishandling of Classified Information is Treason” Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 7, 2016 
People are rotting in prison for doing a FRACTION of what Hillary has done with our nation's secrets. 
Folks, she had her MAID printing off piles of classified emails. 
Her server, which she kept in some bathroom closet, was HACKED by at least FIVE by foreign players. 
Hillary Clinton DESTROYED 33 THOUSAND emails AFTER receiving a congressional subpoena. 
Just because she's rich and powerful and has a rigged system saying 'She's INNOCENT” doesn't make it so. 
Right now there are GOOD Americans rotting away in prison for doing the smallest fraction of what Hillary did. 
She's getting away with TREASON. 
Those were the exact words expressed from the Chairman of Homeland Security said. 
From the Washington Times: 
Michael McCaul was among the first to call Hillary's choice to carelessly have a personal server which she used for State Department business a treasonous act. 
Rep. Michael McCaul, chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, on Thursday said Hillary Clinton's exposing sensitive information to potentially multiple hacks from foreign actors amounts to treason. 
'This is why you have security protocols — to protect classified information,” Mr. McCaul said on 'Fox and Friends.” 'She exposed it to our enemies, and now … our adversaries have this very sensitive information that not only jeopardizes her and national security at home, but the men and women serving overseas.” 
'In my opinion, quite frankly, it's treason,” said Mr. McCaul, Texas Republican. 
This needs to end. 
Our system is rotten to the core. 
The ONLY way to fix it, is to vote for Trump and #DrainTheSwamp. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Hillary Clinton Had her MAID Print CLASSIFIED INFORMATION BREAKING : Hillary Clinton Had her MAID Print CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 6, 2016 
The ineptitude and dangerous, reckless behavior of this nincompoop Hillary Clinton grows stronger every day. 
Just when you think her stupidity and carelessness can't get any worse, it does. 
We're now learning that Hillary Clinton HAD HER MAID PRINT OUT CLASSIFIED INFORMATION. 
That's right – one more time….. 
Hillary Clinton had her MAID print out CLASSIFIED INFORMATION. 
She should be disqualified immediately. 
From the NY Post: 
As secretary of state, Hillary Clinton routinely asked her maid to print out sensitive government e-mails and documents — including ones containing classified information — from her house in Washington, DC, e-mails and FBI memos show. But the housekeeper lacked the security clearance to handle such material. 
In fact, Marina Santos was called on so frequently to receive e-mails that she may hold the secrets to E-mailgate — if only the FBI and Congress would subpoena her and the equipment she used. 
Clinton entrusted far more than the care of her DC residence, known as Whitehaven, to Santos. She expected the Filipino immigrant to handle state secrets, further opening the Democratic presidential nominee to criticism that she played fast and loose with national security. 
Clinton would first receive highly sensitive e-mails from top aides at the State Department and then request that they, in turn, forward the messages and any attached documents to Santos to print out for her at the home. 
Among other things, Clinton requested Santos print out drafts of her speeches, confidential memos and 'call sheets” — background information and talking points prepared for the secretary of state in advance of a phone call with a foreign head of state. 
'Pls ask Marina to print for me in am,” Clinton e-mailed top aide Huma Abedin regarding a redacted 2011 message marked sensitive but unclassified. 
In a classified 2012 e-mail dealing with the new president of Malawi, another Clinton aide, Monica Hanley, advised Clinton, 'We can ask Marina to print this.” 
'Revisions to the Iran points” was the subject line of a classified April 2012 e-mail to Clinton from Hanley. In it, the text reads, 'Marina is trying to print for you.” 
Both classified e-mails were marked 'confidential,” the tier below 'secret” or 'top secret.” 
Santos also had access to a highly secure room called an SCIF (sensitive compartmented information facility) that diplomatic security agents set up at Whitehaven, according to FBI notes from an interview with Abedin. 
From within the SCIF, Santos — who had no clearance — 'collected documents from the secure facsimile machine for Clinton,” the FBI notes revealed. 
Just how sensitive were the papers Santos presumably handled? The FBI noted Clinton periodically received the Presidential Daily Brief — a top-secret document prepared by the CIA and other US intelligence agencies — via the secure fax. 
A 2012 'sensitive” but unclassified e-mail from Hanley to Clinton refers to a fax the staff wanted Clinton 'to see before your Netanyahu mtg. Marina will grab for you.” 
Yet it appears Clinton was never asked by the FBI in its yearlong investigation to turn over the iMac Santos used to receive the e-mails, or the printer she used to print out the documents, or the printouts themselves 
As The Post first reported, copies of Clinton's 33,000 allegedly destroyed e-mails still exist in other locations and could be recovered if investigators were turned loose to seize them. Higher-ups at the Justice Department reportedly have blocked them from obtaining search warrants to obtain the evidence. 
It also appears the FBI did not formally interview Santos as a key witness in its investigation. 
This is a major oversight: Santos may know the whereabouts of a missing Apple MacBook laptop and USB flash drive that contain all of Clinton's e-mails archived over her four years in office. 
In 2013, Hanley downloaded Clinton's e-mails from her private server to the MacBook and flash drive. 
'The two copies of the Clinton e-mail archive (one on the archive laptop and one on the thumb drive) were intended to be stored in Clinton's Chappaqua and Whitehaven residences,” the FBI said in its case summary. 
But Hanley says the devices were 'lost,” and the FBI says it 'does not have either item in its possession.” 
In addition to Abedin, Santos worked closely with Hanley at Whitehaven and could shed light on the mystery — if only she were asked about it. 
My god. 
At this point, WHO hasn't seen our classified information? 
Perhaps that would be a shorter, more manageable list. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Most Accurate Poll in Last 3 Election Cycles Predicts Trump Victory #ElectionDay BREAKING : Most Accurate Poll in Last 3 Election Cycles Predicts Trump Victory #ElectionDay Breaking News By TruthFeedNews November 7, 2016 
The final national poll from the IBD/TIPP, the pollster with the highest rated accuracy the last 3 election cycles predicts a Trump Victory. 
2004, 2008 and 2012 IBD outranked Pew, ABC, NBC, Fox news, and Rasmussen among many other pollsters with the top ranking and average margin of error of less than one percent. 
In their final poll prior to Election day, IBD/TIPP has Trump ahead 43% to 41% in a nail biter. While winning the popular vote would not in itself guarantee a Trump victory, if IBD / TIPP is once again accurate and Trump has a 2% or greater margin in the popular vote, it would far more likely than not he would also catapult above the 270 electoral votes needed to secure the Presidency. 
IBD's polling partner TechnoMetrica uses 'traditional” telephone methodology using live interviewers for data collection for its public opinion surveys. Roughly 65% of interviews come from a cell phone sample and 35% from a Random Digit Dial (RDD) land line sample. 
IBD's result is a outlier if you compare it to polls conducted by network as CBS News, ABC, NBC and Fox News have Clinton up between 1 and 4% in their final pre-Election polls. 
However, today's LA Times / USC poll has Trump with an even larger 5% margin of victory. 
We won't have to wait long to see which national poll ends up being right. Trump supporters certainly hope the reigning king for accuracy will prevail once again. 
For once in our lifetime, we the people have an opportunity to elect a President who was NOT chosen by Multinational Corporations, Big Banks, DC Elites, and the Globalist Lapdog Mainstream Media. 
Please like and share if you are a TRUMP VOTER! 

ARTICLE

ELECTION EVE BOMBSHELL : Wikileaks Reveals Analysts at Intelligence Firm Believe Hillary Killed Vince Foster ELECTION EVE BOMBSHELL : Wikileaks Reveals Analysts at Intelligence Firm Believe Hillary Killed Vince Foster Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 7, 2016 
Wikileaks has cast a harsh light of TRUTH on a dark and disturbed Clinton campaign. 
Hillary's campaign is comprised of extremely wealthy elites who exist in an avant-garde world filled with bizarre ritualistic practices that play out like a fantastical plot out of a foreign snuff film. 
From pay to play scams designed to make the Clintons wealthy to satanic rituals called Spirit Cooking to accusations of pedophilia and murder – it's all weaved throughout the Wikileaks email drop like a tapestry of dark and sinister perversion. 
In what cold be one the biggest BOMBSHELLS yet, Wikileaks reveals that analysts at an intelligence firm believe that Hillary Clinton had one-time Deputy White House counsel Vince Foster murdered – a rumor that has plagued the Clintons for decades. 
The 'Ron Brown” referred to in the above email is this man, Secretary of Commerce. 
Notice the email states that Ron's assassination had the 'earmarks” of Hillary's 'method of disposal…” of a 'talkative” secretary of commerce. 
Interesting choice of words, wouldn't you say? 
That's what led to the comment regarding Vince Foster's murder. 
Some may consider that an 'off the cuff” comment. 
Hardly. 
And certainly not happenstance once the totality of the Foster story unfolds. 
Foster was found dead in Fort Marcy Park, just outside of Washington, D.C., on July 20, 1993. 
His death was ruled a suicide, but new documents call 'suicide” into question. 
Serious question. 
This recently uncovered evidence suggests Vince Foster did not commit suicide. 
The evidence shows that he died of two gunshot wounds to the neck, and not the one wound initially reported. 
The flies were discovered in the National Archives and Records Administration. 
The injuries on Foster's neck were not reported in official government documents. 
At the time, the FBI said that Foster's neck injury photos were underexposed and useless. 
Many people who have studied the case and raised concerns that it was a murder cover up have become targets of Clinton and Clinton associates backlash. 
But the facts remain – records indicate Foster didn't die from one .38 caliber gunshot. 
He died from TWO gunshots . 
Furthermore, the second shot, on right side of his neck was made by a 'small caliber” bullet hole. 
This raises serious questions about Foster's motives for suicide. 
He was tied to Hillary Clinton's roles in White House scandals at Whitewater and the White House Travel Office. 
Vince Foster was one of Hillary's closest friends, and he had intimate knowledge of these two scandals. 
The theory is that Vince Foster was murdered to make sure he didn't tell the world what he knew about President Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary. 
He has a reputation of being too honest, and therefore, many speculate he could no longer be trusted. 
This is just ANOTHER scandal in a decades-long history of scams, secrets, and rumors or sinister wrongdoing, unethical actions, and morally corrupt behavior that follows the Clintons. 
America, for the love of everything HOLY – do not welcome further corruption and degradation into the White House. 
We've gone decades now placing unscrupulous people in power. 
It's time for REAL CHANGE . 
It's time to out an END TO THE CLINTONS . 
It's time for you and me to come first . 
#AmericaFrist This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. Share on Pinterest Share No Responses 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : TED CRUZ CALLS FOR SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TO INVESTIGATE HILLARY BREAKING : TED CRUZ CALLS FOR SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TO INVESTIGATE HILLARY Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 3, 2016 
The Trump train is peaking at the perfect time. 
Donald Trump is leading in most polls, and gaining in key BLUE states, like Michigan, where he is within one point of Crooked Hillary. 
Clinton is plagued by endless scandals, lies, and two criminal investigations. 
The reopening of her email investigation after FBI officials discovered 650K emails on her top aide's computer, and the FBI investigation into the scam Clinton Foundation. 
Today, Trump supporter Ted Cruz tweeted out a call for a special prosecutor to investigate the Clinton scandals. RT if you agree there needs to be a special prosecutor to investigate and prosecute the corruption of Hillary Clinton! 
— Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) November 3, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : MICHIGAN REVS UP FOR TRUMP! VIDEO : MICHIGAN REVS UP FOR TRUMP! Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 7, 2016 
I am originally from Michigan, so my heart leaped with JOY when I watched Trump's rally. 
I have spent many a summer nights at Freedom Hill (back when it was called Pine Knob) catching a concert – and I can honestly say that I have never in my life seen that amphitheater look so ENERGIZED and rock SO HARD as I did when I watched Sunday night's Trump rally. 
It was AMAZING beyond words and made me SO PROUD to be from Michigan. 
What we're witnessing is more than a movement, folks. 
It's a REVOLUTION. 
Watch the video: 500+ days of campaigning across America – comes down to just 2 days before the biggest election of our lifetime. This was MICHIGAN tonight. pic.twitter.com/BoUQoz3HJV 
— Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) November 7, 2016 This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Sheriff Clarke and Judge Jeanine Make Their Final Election Day Prediction VIDEO : Sheriff Clarke and Judge Jeanine Make Their Final Election Day Prediction Videos By TruthFeedNews November 7, 2016 
Judge Jeanine Pirro and Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke made their final election predictions on Hannity. 
Watch the video to see who they believe will be the next President of the United States. 
Support Independent News. Please like and share this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Desperate Iraqi Christians PRAY for a TRUMP VICTORY BREAKING : Desperate Iraqi Christians PRAY for a TRUMP VICTORY Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 7, 2016 Donald Trump is the ONLY one who can rid the world of ISIS. 
After all, Hillary, Qatar, and the Saudis created them, so trust me, with her, ISIS isn't going anywhere. 
The world knows this – Americans need to understand it as well – Hillary is a foreign policy wrecking ball of failure. 
She's made a massive mess of everything in the Middle East – Lybia being the biggest DISASTER yet. 
Thanks in large part to Hillary Clinton's disastrous decisions, we live in a SCARY world. 
She's destabilized an entire continent (Africa) and caused a massive migration of these refugees, which are destroying Europe. 
…..and now, she wants to go to war with Russia. 
She's a warmongering NIGHTMARE. 
The Christians people in Iraq who have felt the WRATH of ISIS 'get it.” 
They're praying for a Trump victory. 
Join them in prayer and VOTE. 
If we vote, we win. First mass in over two years in the city of Qaraqosh, Iraq. pic.twitter.com/QrAyqmfifv 
— Ali Ajeena (@AliAjeena) November 3, 2016 
From Express.co 
IRAQI Christians will pray for Donald Trump's election victory after they condemned US Government for 'abandoning” them to the barbaric terror of Islamic State. 
The Christian community in the latest Iraqi town to be freed from ISIS have opened up about how they were terrorised at the hands of the twisted jihadi militants. 
The once-bustling Qaraqosh, which boasted of more than 50,000 Christian residents, was recaptured from the jihadis last week. 
Residents who stayed in the town have described how ISIS told every Christian to pay a massive tax, convert to Islam or face execution… 
…Those who survived the terror have now voiced their outrage that President Obama refused to protect them when Iraq's largest Christian city fell to ISIS more than two years ago. 
A man in the village said he hopes Donald Trump – a widely favoured candidate in the town – will bring a different approach to Iraqi Christians. 
He told the camera: 'Obama has never helped the Christians. In fact, he despises them. In the last 26 months, he has shown he despises all of them. 
'But we have hope in the new president, Trump. This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First ! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Trump 'You Can't Read 650k Emails in 8 days, Hillary is GUILTY!” Trump 'You Can't Read 650k Emails in 8 days, Hillary is GUILTY!” Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 7, 2016 
Trump weighed in on the CORRUPTION FIASCO created and perpetuated by the FBI. 
Comey, the DISGRACED FBI director, re-opened the email investigation into Hillary Clinton's CRIMINAL mishandling of classified emails after finding 650K NEW emails on Anthony Weiner's computer that were 'directly tied” to Hillary's case. 
As Hillary began TANKING in the polls, Comey came out and said, 'Oh, whoops, nothing to see here, Hillary's fine, no charges!” 
Now, how the hell do you go through 650K emails in 8 days, when previously it took the FBI over a YEAR to go through 53k? 
It doesn't happen. 
We all know that the RIGGED SYSTEM which Hillary used to STEAL the primary is the SAME RIGGED SYSTEM she uses to keep her out of jail. 
There are countless GOOD people rotting away in prison for doing a TINY FRACTION of what Hillary did. 
How is that fair? 
In addition, we just learned that Hillary Clinton had her MAID printing off classified documents for her. 
That's right, he MAID, for the love of god. 
Also, the FBI says that at least 5 foreign countries hacked her system. 
…and this criminal-harpy is running for president? 
No. Over 80% of Americans believe Hillary is GUILTY. 
SAY NO to this vile crap, AMERICA. 
From Politico: 
Reacting to news that the FBI won't change its determination in the Hillary Clinton email probe, Republican nominee Donald Trump made it clear he still regards her as guilty and is convinced she will ultimately face justice. 
'You can't review 650,000 emails in eight days,” Trump said Sunday in an appearance at the Freedom Hill Amphitheater. 'You can't do it folks. Hillary Clinton is guilty.” 
This is a movement – we are the political OUTSIDERS fighting against the FAILED GLOBAL ESTABLISHMENT! Join the resistance and help us fight to put America First! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

by Laura Ingraham 
Election Day is upon us. At this point, you've heard the evidence. You've heard lots of arguments from all sides. You've seen commercials and watched speeches. Most of you have already made up your minds. Some of you have already voted. For the rest of you, here is a closing argument as to why you should select Donald Trump for president. 
Let's start by dismissing the views of the sad cadre of pundits known as the 'NeverTrumpers.” These people claim to be conservative, and insist that Hillary Clinton would be a terrible president. Yet they contend that since Donald Trump is also unfit to serve in the White House, the only principled option is either to not vote for president at all, or to vote for a third-party candidate who has no chance of winning. This argument need not delay us for long, as it simply ignores the realities of politics. 
By its nature, politics is a messy, uncomfortable business that requires compromise and coalition-building in order to succeed. If the NeverTrumpers aren't willing to work with their fellow conservatives to stop Hillary Clinton, then they have effectively rendered themselves irrelevant to this election, and proven themselves to be untrustworthy going forward. 
With the NeverTrumpers out of the way, we now turn to the main event: Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. Secretary Clinton has been at the highest level of American politics for the last 25 years. She played a significant role in her husband's administration, she served eight years as a senator from New York, and she served four years as secretary of state under President Obama. 
Normally, at this stage of a political career, the candidate will have a long list of triumphs and accomplishments to invoke in his or her favor. If nothing else, one would expect Secretary Clinton to claim the accomplishments of her husband and President Obama as reasons to vote for her. She has not done this, for the most part, and instead her campaign has relied almost entirely on personal attacks against Donald Trump. 
We have been told, for months, that whatever you may think of his ideas, Trump is a moral leper, a madman, a danger to the very future of the republic. Trump is too risky, goes the argument, and thus we must stick with Secretary Clinton. 
But what are the facts? It is true that Trump sometimes loses his temper — much like Andrew Jackson did. It is true that Trump has had a rather complicated personal life — much like John F. Kennedy did. It is true that Trump can sometimes be highly critical of his opponents — much like Harry Truman was. But the Trump critics ignore the fact that a President Trump will face very significant checks and balances. A Speaker Ryan, or a Majority Leader McConnell, will not be rubber stamps for President Trump. A federal court system full of liberal judges and GOP moderates will not hesitate to intervene if they believe Trump has overstepped his authority. A federal bureaucracy largely staffed with left-wing Democrats will resist Trump at every turn. 
Our increasingly partisan media will attack Trump every single day. Under these circumstances, the idea that a President Trump could, without the support of the people and against the united opposition of much of official Washington, undermine or otherwise subvert our democratic system is simply not credible. 
In fact, Hillary Clinton presents a much greater threat in this regard. As we've already seen, the press is no check to Hillary Clinton — if anything, they see their job as protecting her from her enemies. Once Hillary has five liberals on the Supreme Court — and she will have five liberals on the Supreme Court — the court system will be little more than her footstool. 
As commander-in-chief, she will inherent sweeping power to launch military actions — power that she has already shown a willingness to use. As the nation's chief law enforcement official, she will decide who is and isn't prosecuted. As the nation's chief executive, she will decide how the laws are interpreted. 
She will need to get money from Congress — but President Obama has shown that Congress will cave if she threatens a government shutdown. In other words, once she gets past this election, there will effectively be no check on her power. In this regard, she is a much bigger threat than Trump. 
That's not all. The main reason Hillary Clinton has spent the last few months railing against Trump — and ignoring her own record — is that the events of the last 25 years prove that her administration will be a failure. All of the policies in which she believes — globalization, open borders, an aggressive U.S. military presence in the Middle East, using the courts to promote social liberalism — have not only been tried, they have mostly been U.S. law since the 1990s. 
Looking around, we see the results. Since Bill Clinton urged Congress to support China's entry into the WTO in 2000, we have lost more than 5 million manufacturing jobs. We have run up more than $12 trillion in national debt. We have had a disastrous financial crisis, followed by a meager recovery. We have seen a chasm of inequality open between the few at the very top, and the vast majority of Americans, who are falling behind. 
As the U.S. economy sputters, we are losing our ability to influence foreign affairs. As Americans lose faith in their future, social unrest continues to grow. 
Here's the bottom line: If Hillary Clinton is elected president, then the problems we face now will worsen and fester over the next four years. American workers will continue to struggle. Our country will grow weaker. China and our other enemies will grow stronger. Crime will continue to rise. Riots like we saw in Ferguson will be more common. The world will become more dangerous and unstable. Millions more Americans will give up on our system. And all of these events will be exacerbated by Secretary Clinton's unique habit of fighting investigators. 
If you think the election of 2016 has been painful, then you really shouldn't want to see what this country looks like after four years of a Hillary Clinton presidency. 
By contrast, Trump is merely suggesting a return to common sense and the rule of law. With respect to trade, he argues that the U.S. government should use its leverage to get the best possible deals for American workers — just as it always did until Bill Clinton persuaded Congress that we should join the WTO. With respect to immigration, Trump's primary argument is that we should enforce the law — and isn't that supposed to be the president's job? 
With respect to foreign policy, Trump argues that we should be careful and prudent in the use of military force, and should no longer make promises we can't afford to keep — a policy much closer to traditional American thinking than the pie-in-the-sky dreams that have resulted in so many recent disasters around the world. 
With respect to domestic policy, Trump argues for a combination of tax and regulatory changes — such as the repeal of Obamacare — that will put more money in American pockets, and give new encouragement for economic activities. 
None of these policies are outside of any American mainstream — indeed, for most of American history, they were regarded as simple common sense. The true radicals in this election are the ones who want to continue policies that have already failed, not those who want to correct the mistakes of the last 25 years. 
In short, the major risk in this election is not that we try something different with Donald Trump. The major risk — and it is major indeed — is that we continue on the failed and increasingly dangerous path that we are on. 
If Hillary Clinton is defeated, we can reverse the disastrous policies of the last few decades, and take a new approach that will focus on the needs and interests of the American people. That's what this election is all about. That is why you should vote for Donald Trump. 
Please Like and Share if you are a TRUMP Voter! Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Dinesh D'Souza Delivers Powerful #ElectionDay Message for All Voters VIDEO : Dinesh D'Souza Delivers Powerful #ElectionDay Message for All Voters Videos By TruthFeedNews November 8, 2016 
DINESH D'SOUZA : 'My advice to every voter tomorrow: look through the media haze. There's been an unbelievable effort to camouflage the sins of the Clintons.” 
Watch the video: My advice to every voter tomorrow: look through the media haze. There's been an unbelievable effort to camouflage the sins of the Clintons. pic.twitter.com/hJZiYNf951 
— Dinesh D'Souza (@DineshDSouza) November 8, 2016 
Please like and share if you agree with Dinesh and are a TRUMP VOTER! 

ARTICLE

BREAKING BOMBSHELL : Multiple Reports Tie Clinton's Podesta Brothers to Child Abduction Case of Madeline McCann BREAKING BOMBSHELL : Multiple Reports Tie Clinton's Podesta Brothers to Child Abduction Case of Madeline McCann Breaking News By TruthFeedNews November 7, 2016 
HOLY SMOKES…. Before you read this, please take a deep breath and sit down as this information is chilling. To proceed with the appropriate caution, this story is developing and there is not yet confirmation yet that these reports are 100% accurate and will yield a conviction but take a look at the circumstantial evidence and decide for yourself. 
Cassandra Fairbanks of WeareChange.org reports 
On Sunday evening, side-by-side images of Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman John Podesta and his brother Tony next to police sketches of potential suspects in a 2007 kidnapping of a three-year-old girl took over the internet. I'm not a huge conspiracy theorist… 
BUT 
— Leah the Boss (@LeahRBoss) November 7, 2016 
The resemblance is striking, and Reddit, 4chan, and Twitter rapidly took up the case. We found your pedophile suspects @metpoliceuk . You're welcome. #DNCLeak2 pic.twitter.com/H8kF1jWGUN 
— VOTE TRUMP! 🇺🇸 (@JaredWyand) November 7, 2016 
Madeleine Beth McCann should have celebrated her 13th birthday with her family in England this year, but she vanished from her bed during a family vacation to Portugal in 2003. The case gripped the entire world, becoming one of the most high profile missing persons cases in history. Coverage of her kidnapping was comparable to the press interest in the death of Princess Diana. 
The circumstantial evidence goes far beyond the striking resemblance. 
John Podesta's first email on Wikileaks is dated May 4th 2007. 
Per Wikipedia Madeline disappeared May 3rd 2007. 
Did John Podesta WIPE HIS EMAILS the day after Madeline disappeared to destroy evidence? 
The abduction occurred in Portugal, where Wikileaks emails show was a destination Podesta traveled to. 
In addition, extensive evidence points to the Podesta Brothers having close connections to those involved with potential crimes or at least bizarre rituals involving underaged children. 
Watch this video: 
The Clinton foundation has long standing ties to convicted Haiti Child Trafficker Laura Silsby. 
We also know for a fact John Podesta, Hillary's Campaign Chair, has close family ties to convicted serial child molester Denny Hastert . 
In the email below, Podesta's brother mentions Denny, saying he's remained 'CLOSE” to him. 
Denny Hastert was a wrestling coach who was referred to by his sentencing judge as a 'serial child molester.” 
These are the people who the Hillary campaign, and their family members call friends and keep in 'close touch with.” 
It's disgusting. 
Recently former Navy Seal Erik Prince told Breitbart News that according to one of his 'well-placed sources” in the New York Police Department, 'The NYPD wanted to do a press conference announcing the warrants and the additional arrests they were making” in the Anthony Weiner investigation, but received 'huge pushback” from the Justice Department. 
Prince claimed he had insider knowledge of the investigation that could help explain why FBI Director James Comey had to announce he was reopening the investigation into Clinton's email server last week. 
'Because of Weinergate and the sexting scandal, the NYPD started investigating it. Through a subpoena, through a warrant, they searched his laptop, and sure enough, found those 650,000 emails. They found way more stuff than just more information pertaining to the inappropriate sexting the guy was doing,” Prince claimed. 
'They found State Department emails. They found a lot of other really damning criminal information, including money laundering, including the fact that Hillary went to this sex island with convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. Bill Clinton went there more than 20 times. Hillary Clinton went there at least six times,” he said. 
'The amount of garbage that they found in these emails, of criminal activity by Hillary, by her immediate circle, and even by other Democratic members of Congress was so disgusting they gave it to the FBI, and they said, 'We're going to go public with this if you don't reopen the investigation and you don't do the right thing with timely indictments,'” Prince explained. 
'I believe – I know, and this is from a very well-placed source of mine at 1PP, One Police Plaza in New York – the NYPD wanted to do a press conference announcing the warrants and the additional arrests they were making in this investigation, and they've gotten huge pushback, to the point of coercion, from the Justice Department, with the Justice Department threatening to charge someone that had been unrelated in the accidental heart attack death of Eric Garner almost two years ago. That's the level of pushback the Obama Justice Department is doing against actually seeking justice in the email and other related criminal matters,” Prince said. 
Erik's claim parallels what Steve Pieczenik states about the Clinton Pedophilia Connection. 
Were the Podestas involved with the abduction of Madeline Mccann? We do not know for sure yet. 
One thing is for certain. The mainstream media will try to hide this bombshell information and do everything they can to protect their Globalist puppet Hillary Clinton. 
They will also likely call this a 'vast right wing conspiracy.” 
But just remember, this started as a 'vast right wing conspiracy” as well. 
EDITOR'S UPDATE : #MadelineMcCann is trending on twitter. The people want to know the TRUTH! 
Please support independent news and like and share this piece on Facebook or Twitter!

ARTICLE

With 95% of the vote in, all signs point to a Trump Victory in Florida. 
Trump leads Clinton 48.8% to 48.0% 
The New York Times Prediction caster at the time of this writing gives Trump a 91% of winning Florida with only 5% of the votes remaining. 
Securing Florida is a needed step for Trump is what will still be a difficult but possible bid to achieve 270 delegates and win the Presidency. Ohio, North Carolina, Michigan and Virginia are all looking very close as well. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!

ARTICLE

IT'S CONFIRMED! MICHIGAN GOES RED! IT'S CONFIRMED! MICHIGAN GOES RED! Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 9, 2016 
Donald Trump's historic victory in the 2016 election is arguably one of the most amazing political victories of our lifetime. 
Donald Trump broke the 'blue wall” by taking Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and now, Michigan! 
This is what Donald Trump's electoral map looks like: 
This looks like a country united. 
The last time Michigan went red was 1988. Special thank you and SHOUT OUT to Michael Moore. We couldn't have won Michigan without YOUR HELP. This viral video was a game-changer. Thanks, Mike! Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Sniveling Cowards and NeverTrumpers Mitt Romney and John Kasich Reach out to Trump Sniveling Cowards and NeverTrumpers Mitt Romney and John Kasich Reach out to Trump Politics By Amy Moreno November 9, 2016 
Donald Trump won the 2016 election in an epic and historic victory. 
He cleaned Hillary's clock. 
This is what Trump's electoral map looks like. 
This looks like a country UNITED. 
Trump's victory was a thrashing of the political and media elite – the American people rallied against global stooges like Mitt Romney and John Kasich, two morons who unsuccessfully attempted to STOP Trump every step of the way. 
Kasich did not vote for Trump, opting instead to help Hillary by writing-in John McCain's name. 
Now, however, these twp clowns have changed their tune and tweeted out war congratulations to Donald Trump. 
Screw them. Best wishes for our duly elected president: May his victory speech be his guide and preserving the Republic his aim. 
— Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) November 9, 2016 The American people have spoken and it's time to come together. Congratulations President-elect @realDonaldTrump . 
— John Kasich (@JohnKasich) November 9, 2016 Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Movement and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Politics By Amy Moreno November 10, 2016 
Last night's win for Donald Trump was one of the record books. 
President-elect Trump delivered one of the greatest political upsets of all time to win the White House from a career criminal and save America. 
While liberals are crying and looking for safe spaces, patriots all over America celebrate the fact that America is no longer under the politically correct stranglehold of the past eight years. 
Clint Eastwood thanked America for doing their duty. Thank you America, I don't have long left to live but now I know the last few years will be great, I can't thank you enough #PresidentTrump 
— Clint Eastwood (@EastwoodUSA) November 9, 2016 Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

VIDEO : Sean Hannity 'The American People Have Finally Been Heard” VIDEO : Sean Hannity 'The American People Have Finally Been Heard” Videos By TruthFeedNews November 10, 2016 
Sean Hannity Reacts to Trump's Historic Victory. 
'The Washington Establishment is TERRIFIED and they should be. These people do NOT get it. I'm going to try to explain it to them.” 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

 
This has to be one of the stupidest things we've ever seen. It's probably connected to George Soros since he is the sugar daddy to almost all of the paid anti-Trump protests. 
Here's an example of a Soros employee literally 'posing” as a protester. Not all that 'grass roots.” 
In this case, a Craigslist ad in Los Angeles shows that activists are wanted to block traffic in the heavy traffic intersection of Highlands and Hollywood. 
This an idiotic move for multiple reasons. First of all, California did go for Hillary and Hollywood in particular is a very liberal city. So what on earth do you gain protesting Trump by pissing off your own liberals by blocking traffic? They will probably inspire some pissed of Angelenos to join the Trump Train while they are annoyed the road is blocked. 
Here is a screen shot of the ad. 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter.  

ARTICLE

BREAKING : AP (Finally) Calls Arizona For Trump! BREAKING : AP (Finally) Calls Arizona For Trump! Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 11, 2016 
Arizona has finally been called for Donald Trump. 
It took two days to get all the votes counted. 
Arizona has 11 electoral votes. . @marthamaccallum : 'The @AP just called #Arizona for @realDonaldTrump … the president-elect will receive the state's 11 electoral votes.” pic.twitter.com/J7fGHmL515 
— Fox News (@FoxNews) November 11, 2016 Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

So-Called Wall Street 'Experts” are Baffled by What's Happening to the Stock Market Since Trump Won So-Called Wall Street 'Experts” are Baffled by What's Happening to the Stock Market Since Trump Won Politics By Amy Moreno November 10, 2016 
So-called 'experts” claimed that Trump's election would literally DESTROY the entire American financial institution, turning the stock market into DUST. 
Yeah, that never happened. 
Shocker. 
From CNN.money.com 
The stock market rally continues for a second day after Donald Trump beat Hillary Clinton, a reaction few expected. 
The Dow open at a new all-time high and the S&P 500 was inches away from a new record. And why not? 
It's fitting that following the most unusual presidential election campaign in recent history, the stock market is also reacting in a-typical fashion. Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Trump Hotels See a YUGE SURGE in Bookings After his HISTORIC WIN! Trump Hotels See a YUGE SURGE in Bookings After his HISTORIC WIN! Videos By Amy Moreno November 11, 2016 
It looks like President-elect Trump's HISTORIC WIN is great for his business! 
Donald Trump bested Hillary Clinton on election day (well the next day, actually) with the political 'comeback” of our lifetime! 
Trump has seen a 20% increase in hotel bookings at some of his most prominent hotels. 
From Fox News : 
Bookings at Trump hotels in Washington, DC, and New York — which plunged during Donald Trump's presidential campaign — have spiked since his victory. 
The Trump International Hotel Washington, DC, just blocks from the White House, has seen a 20 percent increase in reservations and is sold out for Inauguration Day weekend in January. 
'Wow. Demand is definitely up,” said Jack Ezon, president of Manhattan-based travel agency Ovation Vacations. 'I didn't expect it to happen so quickly.” 
Bookings at the Trump International Hotel & Tower New York are up 18 percent since Election Day, and there has been a 15 percent rise at the Trump Soho New York, Ezon told The Post. 
A check on the Expedia travel site Thursday showed the Trump New York was sold out for Friday night, while similarly priced hotels, like The Plaza and The Mark, had vacancies. Rooms were available at the Trump Soho for about $500. 
But reservations at other Trump-branded hotel and resorts remained virtually unchanged. Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Black Female Trump Executive Publishes Personal Email Address As Olive Branch to Disenchanted HRC Supporters Black Female Trump Executive Publishes Personal Email Address As Olive Branch to Disenchanted HRC Supporters Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 12, 2016 
There's a false narrative floating around on the internet about Donald Trump being anti-gay and racist. 
This could not be further from the truth. 
Lynne Patton, a strong, bold black female executive at Trump Organization and Vice President of The Eric Trump Foundation became a power player in the election when she wrote an amazing open letter about her experience working for the Trump family. 
The letter, which was turned into a video, went viral. 
Please watch: 
After the election, Lynne wrote a compelling and powerful Facebook message to her dear friends and family who supported Hillary. 
Her heartfelt words speak to the TRUE character of Mr. Trump – not the lying, false narrative spread by our dishonest, North Korea-style, government-run propaganda media that existed solely to help Hillary Clinton get elected. 
I agree with Lynne . 
Donald Trump's America First agenda is an all-inclusive movement for every American – all races, colors, genders, and sexual preference. 
Mr. Trump is a 'big tent” type of man – the more the merrier! 
He's the first candidate to appeal to such a wide variety of people from so many differing walks of life. 
Donald Trump is the first Republican to invite an openly gay man, Peter Theil, the co-founder of Paypal, to be a keynote speaker at the GOP convention. 
In addition, Mr. Theil is also an intricate part of President-elect Trump's transition team. 
Of course, the media portrays Trump's movement as racist, and bigoted – a basket of deplorable mean people – but that's not true . 
We are a melting pot of differing views and cultures who have come together to take our country back from establishment globalists who, for decades, have destroyed the country. 
Mr. Trump understands that we are a country divided. 
The people protesting the election right now are hurt. 
It's understandable – their candidate lost. 
However, what we hope, as we move forward, is that these folks will keep an open mind and an open heart to the positive ideas and exciting changes that Mr. Trump has in store for the country – stimulating the economy, bringing back jobs, providing everyone a safer and more secure country, and much more! 
I don't work for the Trump family, but as someone who is deeply involved with the Trump 'Online Army,” I can tell you that Donald Trump's LGBT support is real and it's powerful. 
— Scott Presler (@ScottPresler) June 13, 2016 
….and with good reason. 
Mr. Trump is a loving man who is looking out for the well-being of the gay community when he strongly condemned Hillary Clinton for taking money from, and supporting countries like Saudi Arabia and Qatar, who routinely persecute, abuse, and execute gays. 
Mr. Trump challenged Hillary to return the money to these abusive countries as a symbol of support for the LGBT community. 
And what did Hillary do? 
She laughed. 
This is a man who vowed to halt Muslim refugees hailing from parts of the world that are terror hotbeds and foster anti-gay cultures. 
Mr. Trump is not perfect – no one is – but he truly wants to be everyone's President . 
So, to the protesters and the folks who feel apprehensive – it's ok and understandable to feel angry and sad, and express yourself lawfully- but when you're done, please give America First a chance – I think you'll be pleasantly surprised at how great it will be. Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

Telegraph 'Journalist” Calls For the Assassination of Donald Trump The Deletes Her Twitter Account Telegraph 'Journalist” Calls For the Assassination of Donald Trump The Deletes Her Twitter Account Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 10, 2016 
Monisha Rajesh, who is a 'journalist” for Telegraph, called for the assassination of Donald Trump on Twitter. 
She was instantly called out, and then deleted the tweet. 
However, slews of screen shots were captured and the information went viral which prompted this 'journalist” to delete her entire twitter account. 
https://twitter.com/GoosesTweets/status/796771781520592896 
— Trump Vol (@DamnVol) November 10, 2016 . @SecretService again, just in case @monisha_rajesh deletes the tweet, which it looks like she has. pic.twitter.com/3l3MhL0MXL 
— The Coonskin Cap (@TheCoonskinCap) November 10, 2016 Apparently @monisha_rajesh has deleted the tweet and also deactivated her account 😉😂 https://t.co/wgrqWfmevT 
These violent and emotionally unstable liberal idiots need to be held accountable for their actions. 
Please contact Telegraph and DEMAND they fire this idiot. 
Telegraph Twitter page here . 
Facebook page here . 
Email : telegraphenquiries@ telegraph.co.uk Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

 
Donald Trump will respect our nation's secrets and intelligence , unlike his former opponent. 
Two intelligence sources confirmed that the President's Daily Brief, or PDB, is now available to President-elect Trump. 
President Obama directed that the winner of the election is to have full access to the material, to ensure a smooth transition. 
Watch the video: 
Watch the latest video at <a href=”http://video.foxnews.com”>video.foxnews.com</a> 
Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter.  

ARTICLE

 
Liberals are a mess right now. 
They're either crying like babies or raging like third-world anarchists on a violent bender, as they burn down cities and attack pregnant women with baseball bats. 
Fox News Jesse Watters went into the hub of liberal madness – New York City – to check in on the snowflakes post-election. 
Watch the video: 
Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!

ARTICLE

 
Other than President Elect Donald Trump himself, NOBODY deserves to gloat about Donald Trump's epic victory more than the impeccable Ann Coulter. 
Watch the video as Ann describes what she got right and the media, establishment, pollsters and pundits got WRONG. 
Watch the video: 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!

ARTICLE

 
Trump's 2016 victory was historic in so many ways! 
Firstly, his plan to bust down the BLUE WALL by taking WI, MI, PA, and IA was stunning. 
Next, is how many Democrats he took – Trump has single-handedly changed the face of the Republican party. 
We're now representing WORKING CLASS AMERICANS, and that's amazing! 
Of course, Trump flipped a lot of Obama voters – Trump took 1/3 the 700 counties that voted for Obama. 
From Washington Post: 
Amy Moreno is a Published Author , Pug Lover & Game of Thrones Nerd. You can follow her on Twitter here and Facebook here . 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter.  

ARTICLE

BREAKING VIDEO : Trump is Providing Police Officers at 'Trump Protests” With Dinner BREAKING VIDEO : Trump is Providing Police Officers at 'Trump Protests” With Dinner Breaking News By Amy Moreno November 13, 2016 
Donald Trump is a great man. 
He will be an even greater president! 
Tonight, as butt-hurt liberals and violent anti-American domestic terrorists flood the streets and protest against DEMOCRACY, Donald Trump is supplying police officers in Chicago with dinner. Not working #Chicago #Trumpprotest tonight but friends telling me @TrumpTower providing place to eat for officers working. Pretty #Standup 

ARTICLE

Anti-Trump Protester Holds Reprehensible Sign about Melania Anti-Trump Protester Holds Reprehensible Sign about Melania Culture By TruthFeedNews November 13, 2016 
Want to see exactly how reprehensible the moral character of Anti-Trump protesters is? 
Take a look at what this Hillary Supporter has on his sign. 
'Rape Melania” 
Police, please arrest this worthless scumbag and lock him up. 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

ARTICLE

BREAKING : Soros Hiring Anti-Trump 'Protesters” Once Again For Sunday Palos Verdes Event BREAKING : Soros Hiring Anti-Trump 'Protesters” Once Again For Sunday Palos Verdes Event Breaking News By TruthFeedNews November 13, 2016 
Here we go again, once again, presumably George Soros is hiring anti-Trump 'protesters” to wreak havok. 
This time their target is in Palos Verdes, California at the Trump Golf location. 
Here is the Craigslist ad exposing the truth. Surely the lying mainstream media, spearheaded by the Clinton News Network will cover the protests as if they were 'organic” and downplay the truth that they are being orchestrated by this radical leftist madman. 
Support the Trump Presidency and help us fight Liberal Media Bias. Please LIKE and SHARE this story on Facebook or Twitter. 

