ARTICLE

What does the future hold for Russian politics? The September parliamentary elections in Russia proved once again that the power of the Russian president and his party remains largely uncontested. But how will this impact Russia's future political and economic development? The September parliamentary elections in Russia proved once again that the power of the Russian president and his party remains largely uncontested. But how will this impact Russia's future political and economic development? 

Grigory Yavlinsky, the leader of the one of the major liberal parties in Russia - Yabloko. Even though the party's ;claim for the role of a uniting force for all democrats appeared more convincing than five years ago, Yabloko failed to attract supporters in Duma elections. Photo: TASS 
On Sept. 18, the Russian public went to the election polls to vote for candidates for the State Duma, the lower chamber of the country's parliament. But, as many experts predicted, the election did not bring any change to the current political system. Similarly to the previous parliament, the new one contains the same four parties – United Russia, the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia (LDPR), the Communist Party and A Just Russia.
The success of Putin and United Russia as the 'party of power' is unquestionable, but does it mean that this status quo will remain for long? And how will the recent shakeups in the country's political elite influence the direction the country is taking?
Russia Direct examines these question in its new analytical report, " Hawks vs. Doves: Russia's political drama heading into 2018 ," featuring expert insights from several prominent Russian experts: Yuri Korgunyuk of INDEM Foundation, Andrei Kolesnikov of Carnegie Moscow Center, and Mikhail Zygar, former editor-in-chief of the independent Russian TV channel Dozhd.
In his thorough analysis of the outcomes of the State Duma elections, Korgunyuk explains what tools helped the Kremlin ensure its leading position in power and discusses what factors accounted for the defeat of the liberal opposition, represented most importantly by the Yabloko and PARNAS parties.
Although the victory of United Russia is clear, it still will face many challenges in keeping its power in the long run . According to him, one cannot exclude that at some point, when the regime feels vulnerable, it will turn to using tough measures to strengthen its position, as it was exactly these measures that helped to stop the nation's incipient protest wave in 2011-2012.
'Such measures will only cement the problems accumulated in the economy and society while erasing the traditional ways of solving them within the existing system,' he writes. This in turn might make political regime change more possible.
James Sherr, associate fellow at Chatham House, also thinks that the success of the ruling party in the election does not necessarily reflect a positive trend. As he sees it, the real issues in Russia involve the relationship between the people and power at various levels. While in some parts of the country it is good, in other places it leaves much to be desired. 'There is still a real possibility of discord rising locally at different levels in ways that people had difficulties predicting before,' he says.
According to Kolesnikov, the results of the Duma elections provide a preview of what to expect in 2018 presidential elections and beyond that. Building on his analysis on the results, he argues that even though it is highly likely that Putin is going to be re-elected in 2018, it poses problems for the authorities to create at least some kind of competition in 2018 elections. The expert discusses the liberal and conservative camps in Putin's closest circle and explains why the transition of power (which is bound to happen at some point) will be very difficult in Russia.
'If technocrats and liberals are able to persuade him that his security depends on democracy, he might chose this path, yet, again, not because he likes democracy,' he argues.
The question of whether Russian society is ready for democracy has been on the table for quite some time now. However, according Zygar, who has recently authored a book on Putin and the people surrounding him, that's not the best way to think about the current Russian political scene.
Zygar warns against oversimplifying the picture and supports those who see Russia as a country where people differ in their political views and aspirations. While liberals and conservatives oppose each other in many respects, they do not represent the general public, which tends to remain politically apathetic. They are occupied with their daily routines and don't want to be bothered. Hence, 'a lot depends on the current political situation,' he argues.
Who will dominate in the Kremlin before the 2018 elections? ; Download the report and find out . 

ARTICLE

A lost opportunity for Russian statesmanship at the UN Having sacrificed so much credibility over Syria, Russian officials will face chilly receptions at the UN and beyond for some time to come Having sacrificed so much credibility over Syria, Russian officials will face chilly receptions at the UN and beyond for some time to come. 

Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, left, salutes to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Photo: AP 
Since 2011, Russia has played a deft diplomatic game over Syria , albeit one that has allowed a brutal civil war to drag on at great human cost. Moscow has oscillated between taking a hard line in defense of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and periods of partial cooperation with the U.S. over limiting the conflict.
In doing so, Russia has prevented the fall of Assad, reasserted itself as a power player in the Middle East and achieved the 'Russification' of the United Nations Security Council, as American diplomats have shaped their diplomacy to keep cooperation with Russia over Syria going.
Recommended: " The return of Cold War thinking in Moscow and Washington " This has frustrated America's British and French counterparts, who traditionally align with the U.S. in most UN diplomacy, but have found themselves reduced to bystanders in many serious talks on the Syrian war.
At the beginning of this year, it looked like Russia could build on all this maneuvering to secure a political settlement in Syria that – despite continuing debates over Assad's future – would largely favor Moscow's interests. In its desperation to close out the Syrian war, the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama seemed willing to make further concessions to get a bargain. Such an agreement might not only have consolidated Russia's interests in Syria and the broader Middle East, but also allowed Putin to present himself as a statesman.
But he has not taken this course. Instead, Russia has used diplomacy as a cover for a new military push in Syria that seems set to culminate in the destruction of the rebel-held areas of Aleppo . In the short term, this may play to Moscow's advantage, by significantly strengthening Assad's position in the run-up to the U.S. presidential transition in 2017, reducing the next administration's options for intervention.
Yet the price of this short-term gain is high. The military drive has caused even American and European officials with a strong belief in cooperation with Moscow to reconsider their assumptions. In the European Union, Germany and France are tilting towards a harder line. On the U.S. side, Secretary of State John Kerry is still wearily attempting to find new diplomatic openings with Russia, but the Obama administration as a whole is adopting a sterner tone. U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton promises to be more hawkish still.
The chance for Putin to act the part of a statesman this year – thereby repeating his remarkably successful handling of the Syrian chemical weapons crisis in 2013 , when he averted U.S. airstrikes on Syria – has slipped away. Moscow seems to have calculated that it will gain more from a show of force than a compromise.
It has certainly got the West's attention and its boldness may in part pay off. Some significant EU members, such as Italy, are still arguing for a relatively soft response. Although certain Arab and Western diplomats have convened a series of meetings at the UN to condemn Russia's behavior, they will have little real impact. Putin may nonetheless have overplayed his hand.
Even if Russia ultimately comes to a deal with the U.S. and its allies over Syria, Moscow has squandered a vast amount of trust with its main diplomatic counterparts . Even China has avoided siding with it in the UN Security Council over Aleppo. Whereas Secretary Kerry has been willing to risk considerable political capital to maintain Russia's goodwill over Syria, U.S. officials are likely to be more much more skeptical.
In future crises, Moscow is likely to find that Western diplomats treat its views with cynicism, and will be much less inclined to grant significant concessions. This will be true in multiple settings, but relations are liable to grow especially difficult at the UN, where the Americans and Europeans may now unite to reverse Russia's increased influence in the Security Council.
Expect to see further Western efforts to isolate Russia on resolutions over Syria and other crises, forcing it to use its Security Council veto, and drive more wedges between Chinese and Russian diplomats in New York. This will play to Russia's long-term detriment.
Also read: " The death of the U.S.-Russia ceasefire deal is now official " Moscow's privileged position in the UN is an important part of its great power status, and its clout in the institution offers a cheaper and less risky form of influence than adventures such as the Syrian mission. President Putin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov underlined this through their skillful use of the UN over Syria. That is, until this year. They may soon regret throwing away their accumulated diplomatic capital for Aleppo.
If tensions between Russia and the West escalate further – meaning more U.S. and EU sanctions on Moscow , more covert jousting in cyberspace and perhaps even some sort of military stand-off over Syria – both sides may eventually have to return to the UN to de-escalate the situation.
Incoming UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres , who managed to secure the backing of Moscow and Western powers through a smart campaign this year, may find that one of his first tasks is to help Russia in this reconciliation process. But it will be a slow, unhappy effort for all concerned. Having sacrificed so much credibility over Syria very quickly, Russian officials will face chilly receptions at the UN and beyond for some time to come .
The opinion of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. 
 ;

ARTICLE

The Russian factor in Georgia-Ukraine relations After a brief period in which both Ukraine and Georgia appeared to be united against Russia, it now appears that the two nations are moving along very different paths After a brief period in which both Ukraine and Georgia appeared to be united against Russia, it now appears that the two nations are moving along very different paths. 

Former Georgian president Mikhail Saakashvili makes a speech during Yulia Tymoshenko's party congress in Kiev, Ukraine, March 29, 2014. Photo: AP 
In October, Georgia didn't support any of Ukraine's resolutions denouncing the Kremlin's foreign policy within the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE). That is surprising, given how many analysts had by now assumed that Georgia and Ukraine were on the same page when it came to Russia.
The two resolutions deal with 'the political implications of Russia's aggression in Ukraine' and human rights abuses 'on the occupied Ukrainian territories.' By supporting them, PACE recognized the military conflict in Ukraine as 'Russian aggression' for the first time and called on the Kremlin to withdraw its forces from the eastern part of Ukraine. Moreover, it denounced the parliamentary elections , recently conducted by Russia in Crimea .
Also read: " The victory of the Georgian Dream is beneficial for Russia and the West " When the Georgian delegation in PACE didn't support these resolutions, the nation's pro-Western parties reacted strongly. For example, the United National Movement lambasted the Georgian government and accused the country's former Prime Minister, Bidzina Ivanishvili, of supporting Russia. Moreover, Mikheil Saakashvili, the former Georgian president and now the governor of the Odessa region in Ukraine, described such a stance as a 'disgraceful' move.
However, an immediate response came from one of the members of the Georgian delegation in PACE, Eka Beselia. She retorted that Tbilisi needed to defend its own national interests. Even though this statement seems to have alleviated the increasing conflict, the video of Russian-Georgian journalist Matwey Ganapolsky, who accuses Georgia of betraying Ukraine in favor of Russia, fuelled the tensions. In contrast, Russian pundits see the unwillingness of Georgia to vote for the PACE resolution as a sign of improvement in Tbilisi-Moscow relations.
In reality, the reluctance of the Georgian Dream, the ruling party in Georgia, to approve these resolutions is just the logical conclusion of complicated relations with Kiev. Since the start of the color revolutions in the post-Soviet space , Georgia and Ukraine were largely in the same boat .
After the success of the Rose Revolution in Tbilisi and the Orange Revolution in Kiev, the newly elected governments were closely connected with each other and teamed up against Russia. This resulted from friendly relations between Ukraine's former prime minister Yulia Timoshenko and former president Viktor Yushchenko on the one hand, and Georgia's Saakashvili on the other hand.
However, their relationship was rather pragmatic in its nature, although officially Tbilisi recognized Ukraine as one of its closest allies. Since 2007 the democratic processes in the two countries have started moving in a reverse direction. Saakashvili's penchant for conducting an aggressive policy as well as his authoritarian inclinations was increasing, while Ukraine faced the corruption and the political rivalry between Timoshenko and Yushchenko.
The more impact this had on the countries' stability and development, the more obvious became the fact that the ruling elites from both sides did not support democratic reforms, but only the regimes that were friendly to them. Thus, Georgian-Ukrainian relations could be seen as a form of cooperation between governments, not between the people. ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;
And this trend became relevant until the 2010 presidential elections, when Georgia's civil society and population called on the government to support democratic processes and regime change in its 'brother' country. From then on, Georgia has been shying away from supporting the political regime in Ukraine and focusing more on the support of the country's own population.
Recommended: " The tragic roots of the Five-Day War between Russia and Georgia " However, Ukraine refused to consider such tactics, with its official representatives criticizing the Georgian Dream coalition for supporting Russia during the 2012 parliamentary elections. Moreover, Kiev cooperated with Georgia's United National Movement, which was openly accused of building an authoritarian regime and egregious human rights abuses.
Logically, the new Georgian government under Ivanishvili cannot help paying attention to this fact. But it was relatively reticent and didn't respond, even when Georgian volunteers came to fight in Eastern Ukraine to support Kiev and accused Tbilisi of supporting Russia. That had some implications for the Georgian Dream: It was seen as a political force that is capable of defending the country's national interests.
Moreover, Georgian voters also saw the fact that Saakashvili was appointed as the governor of the Odessa region as an unfriendly move from Ukraine, as a slap in the face, because the former Georgian president was legally prosecuted in his home country, which meant that Ivanishvili couldn't fulfill his pledges and restore justice [During the election campaign he promised to put Saakashvili in jail for corruption and the abuse of power — Editor's note]. The problem was exacerbated when Kiev granted Saakashvili Ukrainian citizenship, which made it impossible to imprison the former Georgian president.
Saakashvili crossed the red line during the latest parliamentary elections in Georgia during the campaign. First, his colleagues from the United National Movement visited Ukraine. Second, he openly called for a coup d'état against the Georgian government, which he sees as pro-Russian. In fact, he threatened to conduct a new revolution in Georgia. This was the last straw for the Georgian Dream. ; ;
It is safe to say that ; the current Georgian political elites started seeing Ukraine as a real headache and the shelter for dubious and controversial Georgian politicians from the United National Movement accused of different wrongdoings and legal violations.
However, with the victory of the Georgian Dream in the 2016 parliamentary elections, a lot has changed. Moreover, the odds of the party of winning the constitutional majority are really high. It means that the influence of the party is growing in the Georgian parliament and even more could change.
As a result, the government won't necessarily have to take into account the views of other political forces to take decisions. It can be pretty outspoken now that it won't put up with anti-government moves and initiatives like the ones promoted by Saakashvili. Moreover, the Georgian voters, who are seeking to have those involved in the violations during Saakashvili's tenure prosecuted. So, in this regard, the electorate supports the Georgian Dream.
Also read: " What do Georgian elections mean for Moscow-Tbilisi relations? " Thus, all this indicates that Georgian-Ukrainian relations have always been more complex and nuanced than they seemed to be at first glance. ; During Saakashvili's tenure, there was cooperation between his government and the ones of Timoshenko and Yushchenko. However, eventually, Tbilisi shifted its priority from supporting top political officials to supporting society and people.
Ukrainian politicians should keep in mind that the Russian factor is not the only one that determines the Ukrainian-Georgian agenda. Providing shelter to Saakashvili also does matter. So, to improve the relations with Tbilisi, Kiev should take into account its national interest and support the Georgian people instead of the country's politicians.
The opinion of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. 

ARTICLE

Europe or Russia: Could Moldova's presidential election determine its future? Moldova goes to the polls for the first time in 25 years to elect a new president Moldova goes to the polls to elect a new president at a time of tensions between pro-Russian and pro-EU camps. 

A woman walks by electoral posters in Chisinau, Moldova. Moldovans will vote for a president on Oct. 30 i n an election, which could move the former Soviet republic closer to Europe or to Russia. Photo: AP 
On the last Sunday of October, presidential elections will be held in the Republic of Moldova. This small state in southeastern Europe does not rank among the major international players, ye t its significance should not be underestimated . 
Moldova is located on the border between the post-Soviet space and the European Union , and over the past 25 years, its territory, wedged between Romania and Ukraine, has more than once been an arena of both competition and cooperation between the West and Russia. The emergence of the post-Soviet Moldavian state also produced the Transnistrian conflict , which had outsized influence in the development of Russian policies toward newly independent former Soviet republics and the relations between Russia and the European Union.
Between the East and the West Moldova is a strategic partner of the EU. It was the first state the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) to receive visa-free travel to the EU for its citizens. Additionally, it has special political and historical-cultural ties with Romania.
As experts Dmitri Furman and Cristina Batog wrote, 'of all the titular nations of the former Soviet, and later, post-Soviet republics, the Moldovans possess the most uncertain, contradictory mentality,' and the question of whether they are part of the larger, divided Romanian nation or a separate Moldovan ethnicity has not been decided yet, either on the personal or political level. 
As a result, there is a serious competition within the country between two national-state projects, 'Moldavianism' and 'Unionism' (or 'Romanianism'). This situation would be unimaginable in other countries with separatist regions, such as Georgia or Azerbaijan .
Also read: " Will Moldova become a new flashpoint for Russia and Europe? " At the same time, Chișinău officially declares its neutrality and, unlike Tbilisi and Kiev, has not forced its relations with NATO . This approach is not least due to the presence of a considerable and stable part of the electorate that is interested in preserving ties with Russia, as well as to the problems concerning the Gagauzian Autonomy, whose population also favors Eurasian integration. 
Nevertheless, Moldova rejected the federalization project proposed by Moscow in 2003 as part of a resolution to the Transnistrian situation. At the time, the republic was led not by a coalition that favored closer ties with the EU, but by the Communist Party headed by Vladimir Voronin, which came to power advocating rapprochement with Russia and the Union State of Russia and Belarus.
Political turmoil The Oct. 30 presidential election is an important milestone in the country's history. For the first time in 20 years, the president will be elected by popular vote. Since 2000, the head of state has been elected by the members of parliament, but in March of this year, Moldova's Constitutional Court repealed the previous amendments to the Republic's Constitution that gave this power to the parliament. 
The problems with the country's electoral system had been known for some time. After Voronin left office in 2009, the country went for three years without a legitimate president. The parliament could not reach a consensus on the country's next leader, who had to be elected by a three-fifths majority of legislators. Moldova was governed by the speaker of parliament who was given the status of 'acting president.' Only in March 2012 did Nicolae Timofti gain the deputies' support and was elected president.
Crises and mistrust of the main institutions of power have become a chronic disease in post-Soviet Moldova. In September 2015, a scandal broke out when multi-millions were withdrawn from the country's three leading banks and transferred offshore. 
Mass protests ensued, and some observers were quickly to refer to the moment as a 'Chișinău maidan' after the protests that brought down the government of Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich . The protests had the effect of uniting those who wanted closer integration with Romania and those who wanted closer integration with the EU while alienating those inclined to deepen ties with Russia. 
The decision on returning to direct election of the president was adopted, to a large extent, under the influence of that social-political turbulence. The election was considered an attempt to establish political legitimacy against the backdrop of growing mistrust of the other governmental institutions.
Candidates and positions The favorites in the election are Igor Dodon, leader of the Socialist Party, and former Minister of Education (2012–2015) Maia Sandu. Four days before the election, Marian Lupu, a democrat and former speaker of the parliament (2005–2009 and 2010–2013) withdrew his candidacy. All the leading candidates engaged in bashing their opponents and promoting their own domestic policy agendas, they also have vastly different foreign policy values. 
Dodon is pro-Russian and favors Eurasian integration, Sandu supports deeper cooperation with the EU. Lupu explained his withdrawal from the campaign because of the necessity to consolidate the supporters of the 'European choice.' 
Also read: " Revealing the post-Soviet identity complex in Transnistria " Under close scrutiny though, such differentiation is mostly artificial. The same Dodon, who denounced the Moldova–European Union Association Agreement early in the discussions over it spoke more cautiously as the campaign went on, promoting instead a tri-lateral format of cooperation between Brussels, C hișinău and Moscow). 
Dodon, who is also supportive of a flexible approach to Transdnistria, was the Deputy Minister and then Minister for Economy and Trade when Moldova and Ukraine tried to carry out an 'economic defreezing' of the region in March 2006. At that time, Ukraine decided to ban Transnistrian goods from traveling across its border unless they were documented by Moldova's customs office.
In Tiraspol, that step was regarded as the introduction of a joint Ukrainian–Moldavian economic blockade of Transnistria, since goods could not flow out any other way. This was, of course, an exaggeration, but it strengthened the already powerful pro-Russian sentiments on the left bank of the Dniester. Obviously, Moldova's Ministry of Economy and Trade and its key officials, including Dodon, played a role in the decision.
Should the pro-European camp suffer a defeat in the election, neither the country's foreign policy nor its position towards the settlement of the Transnistrian conflict is likely to shift substantially. Unlike Kiev, both the pro-Russian and pro-European camps in Chișinău are interested in preventing a large-scale confrontation with Moscow. 
As for the 'Romanian factor,' Bucharest has considerably changed its rhetoric under the new president Klaus Iohannis. The political focus shifted from propagating the idea of the 'great union,' as phrased by the former Romanian leader Traian Băsescu, to building economic ties not only with the Republic of Moldova but also with Transnistria. In this, Bucharest is influenced to some extent by the European Union, which against the background of the conflict in Donbass and the migration crisis, is not interested in the escalation of another standoff close to its borders.
The opinion of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. 

ARTICLE

The Russian Far East looks to the American West for inspiration RD Interview: Yaroslav Lissovolik, the Eurasian Development Bank's chief economist, discusses the prospects for the development of Russia's Far East into an important economic and technological hub in the region. RD Interview: Yaroslav Lissovolik, the Eurasian Development Bank's chief economist, discusses the prospects for the development of Russia's Far East into an important economic and technological hub in the region. 

The missile destroyer USS John S. McCain is on visit to Vladivostok on the Russian Pacific coast, taking part in the May 9 Victory Day celebrations. T he American crew praying for the dead. Photo: RIA Novosti 
Bolstering the Far East region has now become one of the nation's top priorities, as indicated by The Eastern Economic Forum, which took place last September in Vladivostok. In fact, it highlighted one of the most salient trends in Russia's domestic and foreign policy: shifting priorities to the Asia-Pacific region and rein-vigorating the idea of neo-Eurasianism, which sees Russia as the center of a big and robust Eurasia, bridging the East and the West. However, will Russia's Far East be able to become the economic hub that will link two dynamic parts of the world — Asia and Europe, taking into account the region's numerous economic challenges. To answer the question, Russia Di-rect sat down with Yaroslav Lissovolik, the Eurasian Development Bank's chief economist. 
Russia Direct: The Russian Far East has become a buzzword for those who try to revive the ideas of Russian Eura-sianism and see the Far East as the link between the West and the East. Given Russia's economic challenges and the fact that the first version of Eurasianism failed, to what extent are their attempts viable? Yaroslav Lissovolik: Geography is destiny. It is inevitable for us if we are located between the two dynamically developing regions of the West and the East . ;If there is economic cooperation between these two centers of the world economy, it is beneficial for us. We could and should bring them together. It is a matter of using the advantages of our geography to yield economic dividends. At any rate, this should be taken into account in conducting our foreign and economic poli-cy. 
After all, Russia has a century's worth of experience and the potential of cooperating with Europe, and we should take into account this historical and cultural factor, gain dividends from it and attempt to find new ways of integration [between the West and the East]. Un-til recently, we did have very ambitious projects on a free trade zone with Europe, but today we have to look for more flexible and realistic integration ones. 
That's why, we should not be obsessed with this idea in the current situation, when the factor of distance no longer plays the same role that it did previously. The diversification of regional trade alliances is taking place throughout the world. If you look at coun-tries like South Korea or Chile, they have dozens of alliances not only in their re-gions, but also all over the world. So, in our attempts to build alliances in other re-gions, we should look and think globally. 
In this regard, the prob-lems of the BRICS group [which includes Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa] should attract more attention. Yet this integration group is scattered throughout the world and represented, in fact, across every world continent. It is the most representative group from the point of view of world geogra-phy. 
Also read: " Fulfilling Eastern Economic Forum pledges: Easier said than done " However, we are hardly likely to be able to create such projects like a full-fledged free trade zone with the BRICS countries. Nevertheless, we should not rule out the possibility of economic cooperation with the countries located in the continents, represented by the key BRICS members. Such a global approach hasn't been actively discussed so far. Hopefully, it will get a boost in the future.  ; ; 
RD: To what extent does the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) pose a threat to Russia's in-tegration projects or could Moscow gain from the TPP? If so, how could it do it? Y.L.: At the end of last year, Russian President Vladimir Putin announced key Rus-sian priorities: [establishing closer cooperation with] the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). This statement came shortly after the announcement about the conclusion of the TPP agreement on Oct. 5. So, it can be seen as a response to the creation of the TPP. 
Remarkably, the Russian president mentions both the SCO and ASEAN, because the latter can be a sort of bridge for Russia to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which also includes some of the ASEAN countries. Regarding the SCO, it is a more independent project in-tended to develop Eurasian continental integration. That's why such a dual ap-proach means that Russia wants to keep its option opens. 
On the one head, there is a move [from Russia] to establish closer ties and intensify the cooperation with the TPP coun-tries. On the other hand, Russia focuses on the [SCO] continental project as a se-cure alternative. This is the very approach that Moscow will stick to. 
RD: What are the odds of Russia's Far East exten-sively cooperating with America's West Coast? Y.L.: In my view, the most interesting and realistic approach would be the creation of an alliance in the scientific and technological spheres , given the fact that a great deal of the world's powerful economic think tanks are primari-ly located in the Pacific region, be it California in the U.S. or Japan in Asia. And today we are witnessing the attempts to create such a center, a think tank in the Russian Far East. 
The integration of these efforts could be synergistic and bring certain results. In fact, this project is a more short-term and realistic project. In the mid- and long-term it would be rea-sonable to focus on investment and more standard tools of integration such as trade cooperation. At the same time, it would be good to be more selective and look for other spheres of potential cooperation. Again, it is a matter of long-term planning, but we need to start thinking about it now. 
RD: How can Russia gain from the historic experience of the U.S. in developing its Western frontiers to bolster the Far East? Y.L.: Russia could learn from the experience of creating a leading devel-opment region in Silicon Valley — how it worked, why it succeeded and how it be-came a region of accelerated economic development and started playing the lead-ing role in the Asia-Pacific region. It would be useful for Russia to learn the experi-ence of how the U.S. has looked at their [Western] regional development historical-ly: It would give some hints why Russia's regions on the Pacific Coast failed to do it and are losing human capital.  ; 
RD: Historically, the American West Coast didn't bring together a significant number of talented people until it became an economic hub and the center of new technologies. Y.L: Certainly, there are a lot of similarities [between the American West and the Russian East] and we need to look at the first steps of American pioneers undertaken to 'saturate' this region with human and intellectual resources as well as with investment and trade flows. It was part of one systemic and integral process. All this was coming together. And one of Russia's problems regarding its policy in the Far East is that we try to modernize it non-systemically, by fits and starts . Or we just focus too much one field — be it education or trade — without paying enough attention to other areas. The systemic approach is key.  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; 
RD: In the late 19th – early 20th centuries, the Far East was seen as the Russian California . Do you think it has enough potential to become the Russian counterpart of Silicon Valley today, given the economic challenges and confrontation with the West ? Y.L.: Definitely, I see the Far East as one of the regions, which should be-come one of the world's intellectual centers because of its proximity to other intel-lectual centers in Asia-Pacific and the American West Coast. So, the factor of geo-graphical proximity does matter in this situation. Vladivostok is a good candidate given the fact there is one of the leading universities here — the Far Eastern Fed-eral Universities, the venue of the annual Eastern Economic Fo-rum. 
Also read: " The bold plan to turn Vladivostok into a Russian San Francis-co " After all, the creation of intellectual centers should be located in a place with big companies and a great deal of demand for intellectual resources. The Far East and Russia's other regions do have such demand. Although it is diffi-cult to create such centers, we have to diversify re-gional development and 'saturate' them with human and economic resources. It is a matter of necessity.  ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; 
RD: In the 20th century Americans invest-ed in some Russian and Soviet infrastructure projects in the Far East, including the Trans-Siberian Highway, despite political differences and confrontation. Do you think it is possible today? Y.L.: We cannot rule this out and we should work in this direction together with other regional stakeholders such as Ja-pan and South Korea. On the one hand, they can be the self-reliant economic heav-yweights in the region; on the other hand, for Russia, they can be the bridges to the West, because they cooperate economically with both the ASEAN countries [with which Russia is cooperating] and the U.S. So, the can be seen as the linking points between the TPP and other countries within the concept of the Big Eurasia concept. So, we should foster different formats of cooperation in this re-gard. 
This interview was originally published in Russia Direct's report " Crossing the bridge to the Far East ." ;To get access to the report, ; subscribe  ;to Russia Direct. 

ARTICLE

From Valdai with a message of confidence and reform Russia is ready to move forward both economically and politically – but on its own terms, and according to its own interests, priorities and values Russia is ready to move forward both economically and politically – but on its own terms, and according to its own interests, priorities and values. 

Heinz Fischer, ex-President of Austria, speaks at the Plenary Session during 13th Annual Meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club in Sochi. Photo: RIA Novosti 
The political message of this year's Valdai forum was one of confidence and state-initiated reform. Leading members of Russia's political class attending the event included President Vladimir Putin, Head of the Central Election Commission Ella Pamfilova, and several key representatives of the executive and legislative branches of state power. While discussing different dimensions of Russia's development, each of them sought to stress that the country was stable and ready to move forward.  ;
On the economic front, a member of the Russian government argued that Russia has now fully adjusted to the volatile international markets and is ready to operate under Western sanctions . Indeed, the overall Russian economy has benefited from sanctions. In particular, agriculture, food industry, and chemicals became important sources of overall growth. The economy's macro indicators are positive. It is now considerably less dependent on the West and is ready to progress on the basis of developing further relations with China and other non-Western nations.
Another official described preparations for the country's strategic change in the direction of comprehensive economic, social and political reform. The new strategy will proceed from the need to continue the nation's integration with the global economy, while improving the quality of state governance and developing Russia's comparative advantages in the technological sector and human capital.
With hundreds of experts involved, the strategy is to be completed by Spring 2017 and then be given full consideration by President Putin. Along with ideas expressed by members of the Stolypin Club, the newly prepared economic strategy is a critically important source of new thinking by the Kremlin. [The Stolypin Club, headed by Sergei Glazyev and Andrei Kaplach, is one of the two competing groups within Russia that is mapping out a future economic policy for the nation – Editor's note] Having left behind the energy-based model for growth, the Kremlin is now in search for a new model of development and is likely to be attentive to various recommendations for reform .
In terms of the political system , other officials highlighted the system's newly gained legitimacy on the basis of a greater openness as demonstrated by the recent elections to the State Duma. The extremely high level of support for Putin helped to elect a parliament with the overwhelming dominance of those advocating his favored course of state-controlled reform. On the forum's sidelines, several experts speculated about the possibility of early presidential elections in Fall 2017 in order to expedite the implementation of reform.
In foreign policy and international relations, Putin and other officials continued to advance the message of Russia's preparedness to work with the West on addressing common threats and challenges but not at the expense of Russia's sovereignty and national interests. Some provided detailed answers to multiple questions from the audience about specifics of the country's involvement abroad, while Putin outlined a broad vision of globalization for all, rather than some exclusive countries and population groups.
These policy makers indicated that the country's interests demand standing firm for defending state sovereignty and fighting terrorism in the Middle East, implementing the Minsk agreements in Ukraine, and building a greater Eurasia in close cooperation with China and Central Asian nations.
It remains to be seen whether this vision of confidence and reform will get a chance to be implemented. Obstacles – both external and domestic – are formidable. Externally, the biggest unknown is how the new U.S. administration will deal with Russia. Depending on who arrives to the White House and whether Russia is viewed as predominantly a threat or a potential partner, the U.S. policy is bound to either encourage or complicate the nation's reform efforts.
Recommended: " What should Putin do next? Valdai experts offer suggestions " Additional pressures and sanctions against the Russian economy are not likely to obtain the Kremlin's cooperation, but may well push the country away from the state-designed reforms and toward a more interventionist foreign policy and militarization of the budget.
At home, the years of the West's pressures and insensitivity to Russia's interests have served to build powerful constituencies that are comfortable with Russia's siege mentality and obsessed with the alleged American threat. Putin has heavily relied on these constituencies to consolidate his control following the Ukraine crisis and will now have to work against their instincts and preferences.
However difficult it might be to practically implement it, this vision of confident reform on the basis of Russia's own priorities, values, and interests is worth serious attention. During the years that followed Western sanctions, the Kremlin demonstrated both the lack of desire to be isolated from the global economy and the power to defend its international status and interests.
The opinion of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. 


ARTICLE

Hungary negotiates its migration problem with the EU, not with Russia Nations such as Hungary are using the migration issue to challenge the power and competences of the EU in the name of national sovereignty. At the same time, the refugee wave has become a geopolitical dilemma between Russia and the EU Nations such as Hungary are using the migration issue to challenge the power and competences of the EU in the name of national sovereignty. At the same time, the refugee wave has become a geopolitical dilemma between Russia and the EU. 

A Syrian refugee looks at Hungarian riot police from the Serbian side of the fence built by Hungarian authorities at the border between Serbia and Hungary, in Horgos, Serbia. Photo: AP 
The referendum in Hungary on the migration issue in early October, combined with the death of a policeman at the door of a Russia-friendly far right anti-migration activist at the end of the same month, have once again highlighted the importance of the migration issue for Hungary. There are two distinct aspects of this issue – Hungary's relationship with Brussels and with Russia – and it is clear that there is quite a disconnect between the two.
Hungarians went to the polls on Oct. 2 to give their opinion on a referendum question that each political side interpreted in its own way. The turnout remained well below the necessary 50 percent of all valid votes, although 98 percent of voters – more than three million people – said they wanted the Hungarian parliament to have a decisive say about any future quota-based redistribution of asylum-seekers inside the EU.
The referendum and its campaign had two separate goals. First, the ruling Fidesz party had to test the loyalty of their political camp, thus they tried to redefine classical political fault lines and checked on the unity of the opposition. Secondly, Prime Minister Viktor Orban used this occasion to bring forward his arguments about reshaping the competences of the European Union, especially the European Commission itself.
The referendum question has been thoroughly debated ever since it was published, as it reflects both of the above goals. The question asks: "Do you want the European Union to be able to order the mandatory settlement of non-Hungarian citizens in Hungary without parliament's consent?"
Of course, political and civil groups were enabled by the ambiguous wording of the question to focus on significantly different interpretations. Neither the Constitutional Court nor the National Election Committee declared the question invalid, despite the fact that it raised concerns among experts. The constitutional rules within most member states declare that no national referendum should be held on issues already regulated by international treaties.
As a way of getting around this fact, the government later claimed that the referendum did not concern the decisions of mandatory quotas already decided at the level of the European Council - it would only concern future possible decisions.
Debating the competency of the EU Clearly, the European Council is required to give the final word in any such case of quota-based distribution of resettlement or relocation among EU member states, in any case where Hungary has a way to raise its own voice or to build a blocking coalition. The Hungarian government decided to go against the quota system after the Council's decisions of last autumn. Slovakia and Hungary went to the European Court in Luxembourg to dispute the legality of the measure.  ;
This was the final point where the Hungarian government turned the migration crisis into a sovereignty question. It had started in the official government rhetoric already after the attacks on Charlie Hebdo , but the referendum question undoubtedly raised the stakes of the debate. It is not anymore about whether migrants or refugees should be welcomed or not, the opinion of the government focuses on the competence of the European institutions  ;- whether they can, in theory, enforce population-related decisions on member states.
The Hungarian position is openly on the side that the quota system violates the sovereignty of member states and unnecessarily forces a non-solution instead of paying attention to securing the external borders of the Schengen area. This has been the argument already since last summer, when hundreds of thousands of refugees crossed the country and the Balkan route towards Germany.
First, the borders must be secured, because if member states start the redistribution mechanism, the political pressure for a sustainable solution at the border protection level would dissipate and Hungary would be left with an ever-growing influx of uncontrolled immigration.
The EU-Turkey deal seriously decreased the number of asylum-seekers arriving in the Balkans, though the Mediterranean route remains open and Italy is under growing pressure again. Hungarians have not seen masses of migrants since last September when the government sealed the southern Hungarian borders with a razor-wire fence. Despite this measure, the government continued to communicate a permanent threat of uncontrolled migrants throughout the campaign.
Recommended: " Why migration represents a new existential threat for Europe " The momentum of vox populi in the EU member states While Pew Research and other polls do not put the Hungarian electorate among the friendliest towards foreigners from other cultures, it is still a member of the community of European values. Hungarians came up with a very positive response through civil society last summer during the crisis at the Eastern Train Station in Budapest, where medical and social services as well as food was provided by NGOs, volunteers and churches to the tens of thousands stranded asylum-seekers. Not one single organized attack was carried out against the people on the road, while in Germany, safe homes and groups have been attacked in the hundreds.
Hungarians are, of course, not resistant to strong government messages that resonate, but the invalid referendum gave proof that the will of the government is not enough in itself to completely reshape the perception of the electorate. While xenophobia has risen to a new high in the population, it is still not the general attitude of the average voter. Hungarians live in their own reality, facing economic hurdles and challenges, caring about how to make a living in a country where the average salary is about half of the minimum wage in France.
The government campaign focused largely on classic media platforms: billboards, public and pro-government television and radio channels, leaflets in the mailbox. It was significantly weaker on social media, where youngsters remain a relatively disaffected group.
The number of invalid votes – those who put their paper in the ballot box but did not pick any of the choices – together with the more than 50,000 voters who actually decided to take home the ballot instead of casting it at all, hit a record. Altogether, well over 250,000 voters sent the message that they did not want to reply to such a question.
The referendum must be dealt with at the European level The Hungarian referendum enters into the long-running history of the Budapest-Brussel battle that the second Orbán-government (2010-2014) started right around the country's European Council presidency in 2011. The referendum's signature motto was 'Let's Tell Brussels' what Hungarians want, implying that EU bureaucrats (technocrats) are not representing the interests of nation states.
This argumentation to adopt Brussels as a scapegoat is not unknown in other capitals of Europe either. Actually, the truly diverse community of the 27 member states have their national sensitivities elsewhere. For Central Europeans, demography and population policy (i.e. migration) is a pivotal question, especially for their nation-state minded governments.
For Ireland, their sovereignty over Irish tax policy is a cornerstone issue, in which they do not wish to have the support of the EU institutions against Apple. The German constitutional court in Karlsruhe has declared itself against EU legislation in some instances over the last few decades.
So the legal battleground among member states and EU institutions is an old one, which is an organic part of the history of European integration. Popular referenda are another thing entirely. Greece tried to acquire some weight by its last vote on credit conditions, with only limited results. Referenda on the European Constitution in France and the Netherlands were also serious failures.
Also read: " Is Europe coming apart at the seams? " Quickly shifting geopolitical background This migration topic has been turned into the most successful glue among the Visegrad states. Anti-migrant messages have been strong in Slovakia, bringing a sharp election victory and a colorful coalition for Robert Fico and in the Czech Republic, especially by the pro-Russian president, Milos Zeman. Finally, the new right-wing government of Poland also claimed sovereignty over migration, though often in a less harsh voice, as a rule of law procedure has been opened in Brussels investigating the situation in post-election Warsaw.
This coalition seems to be broken up by the Slovakian presidency of the Council, where Bratislava had to take the position of honest broker. Prague also approached Berlin on several questions and the government took a step back on this question.
After the EU summit in Bratislava in September, the European context for quota-based solutions shifted anyway. Powerful member states also put the accent on the protection of external borders and the cooperation on the front against terrorism. Besides Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, it seems that others have taken the redistribution issue off the political agenda, or at least it is not the cornerstone of current council sessions.
Russian factor The shift in the European political discourse about migration is an important one: It is less and less framed as a social issue and has been turned into a security question. As soon as it is considered to touch upon the national security of EU member states, the Russian involvement in Syria and other active measures influencing the movement of asylum-seekers might become more critical for European military and other law enforcement actors. This could drive to new tensions if the sides are not taking into account the new context of communication.
In late October, a Hungarian special law enforcement agency knocked on the door of a well-known far-right figure, István Győrkös. In the ensuing exchange of gunfire, he killed a policeman. This brought forth his organization, the Hungarian National Front (MNA), which set up the Hidfő webpage, which eventually turned into a notorious pro-Russian news portal. Investigative reports in the Hungarian media started to describe the MNA as a rather old platform for Russian influence over the Hungarian far-right and neo-Nazi scene.
Ever since the migration crisis hit Europe, a network of relatively new, otherwise often pro-Russian news pages started to exploit the anti-migrant or xenophobic feelings of Hungarians and other populations of EU member states. The migration crisis turned into one of the most visible gap between new and old member states: certainly, it is not a fruitful debate but a bitter division.
Many European observers consider the destabilization of the European alliance and the Euro-Atlantic alliance to be a strategic Russian interest. Migration and the amplification of this issue within society by the media, together with the presence of Russian support for several European far-right movements, create a dangerous mix for the EU. In this game, Hungary must play along with its EU and NATO partners, rather than with Russia. It has much more to lose outside of the Western frameworks.
In the long term, the Kremlin will also face the dilemmas of migration policy. The Russian government adopted a comprehensive new policy on migration in 2012, though the country is a target destination overwhelmingly among the citizens of the former Soviet states. An ageing population, a growing work force gap and extremely long land borders suggest that difficult years could be ahead for the Kremlin as well.
Hence in the long term, the EU and Russia will not necessarily be conflicting on migration regulation. Nevertheless, currently the attempt to win the support of Turkey is apparent. Both the EU and Russia want Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to support their own respective interests in handling the crisis in Syria and in the Middle East.
As long as the Syrian conundrum is not resolved together with Washington and other regional actors, conflicting interests are encoded in the EU-Russia relationship regarding migration.  ;The German secret service BND also reported about alleged active measures of Russia around the Greek-Macedonian border to further escalate the situation. [The BND is Germany's Federal Intelligence Service, the Bundesnachrichtendienst – Editor's note]
This shows that Moscow is not truly seeking cooperation with Europe on the migration crisis, but so far tries to exploit it for its other strategic interests and to create another bargaining chip for future negotiations.
The opinion of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. 

ARTICLE

Video: Time for a real dialogue between Russia and the United States At the recent Fort Ross Dialogue event at Stanford University, a number of top thought leaders, diplomats and academics shared their thoughts on the importance of bilateral exchanges between the U.S. and Russia At the recent Fort Ross Dialogue event at Stanford University, a number of top thought leaders, diplomats and academics shared their thoughts on the importance of bilateral exchanges between the U.S. and Russia. 

Video by Igor Davydov 
Amidst the political rhetoric accompanying the current confrontation between Russia and the United States, many leaders in both nations have lost sight of the importance of dialogue during this difficult period. At a time when political leaders are closing down potential opportunities for diplomacy, informal discussions and non-governmental meetings between Russians and Americans are more important than ever.
With that in mind, Russia Direct recently organized a roundtable event within the Fort Ross Dialogue , an annual forum that brings together Russian and American thought leaders, businessmen, diplomats, politicians and students.
This year the forum took place on Oct. 24 at Stanford University, in Palo Alto, California and marked its fifth anniversary. Participants discussed the future of U.S.-Russia relations . The agenda primarily dealt with the subject of bilateral educational exchanges.
With the support of Transneft, the roundtable of Russia Direct brought together a number of experts who gave their views on the future of U.S.-Russia exchanges. As a result of the event, Russia Direct produced a video that features the following individuals:
- Dan E. Davidson , President of American Councils for International Education;
- Anna Vasilieva , Professor at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey;
- Kathryn Stoner , Senior Fellow at the Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies at Stanford University;
- Victoria I. Zhuravleva , Professor at the Russian State University for the Humanities;
- Anton Fedyashin , Director of the Carmel Institute of Russian Culture and History at American University;
- Sarah Sweedler , CEO of Fort Ross Conservancy;
- Mathew Rojansky , Director of the Wilson Center's Kennan Institute;
- Michael McFaul , former U.S. ambassador to Russia and Stanford professor;
- Andrew McGrahan , President of Chevron-Neftegaz;
- Sergey Petrov , Russian Consul General in San Francisco;
- Mikhail Margelov , Transneft Vice President;
- Nikolay Kolesnikov , Sovcomflot Executive Vice President.
For more information about the Fort Ross Dialogue read: " Fort Ross forum: Fostering a new dialogue between Russia, the US " The Fort Ross Dialogue was sponsored by Transneft, Sovcomflot and Chevron. Russia Direct extends special thanks to Transneft and Sarah Sweedler, CEO of Fort Ross Conservancy, for the support of its panel discussion. 

ARTICLE

Nov 6, 2016 Axel Tillmann Opinion 
There are plenty of talented Russians working in U.S. tech companies. Such partnerships are sure to create wealth and be beneficial for both countries. 
Russians have a high chance of succeeding in Silicon Valley if they surround themselves with others whose talents complement their own. Photo: Theory and Practice 
Although it may come as a surprise to many, Russians have long had a presence in the U.S., particularly in Silicon Valley . It's a mistake, especially for businesspeople, to trust the picture politicians and the media paint of Russia. Many Russian IT companies view Silicon Valley as the promised land, and many Russians have much to contribute here. 
Most Russians arrive in the U.S. with a strong education and a different way of looking at the world that enables them to 'design' products. I speak from experience. In one of my startups, I partnered with a Russian named Vladimir who quietly worked away in his office. Occasionally he would get up from his chair and step to a white board to sketch out his design plans. Eventually there would be the sound of his keyboard clicking as he produced on his screen what he had designed in his mind. Eventually we created a great product. There are plenty of Vladimirs working away in U.S. tech companies. Recommended: " Russians in America: How to find success in Silicon Valley " 
In other cases, whole Russian companies have found success in the U.S. market. One company worth highlighting is Kaspersky Lab . The Moscow-based firm was a dark horse in the software security business, up against such competition as McAfee and Symantec. Yet today, Kaspersky's market share is in the top eight of all vendors in the sector, and it is twice the size of McAfee's. Kaspersky is an important case study in what it takes to be truly successful in the market. The company had a great product, but what made the firm successful was its brilliant go-to-market strategy, crafted in cooperation with North American market managers. 
Wisely, Kaspersky's leadership chose to tap experts in the local market to craft the company's strategy rather than trying to do it by themselves. I'm not ashamed to admit that as a German immigrant, I started down the path of launching a product with a limited sense of marketing skills, believing in The Field of Dreams theory, 'if we build it, they will come.' Unfortunately, that's just not so. After a long and painful journey of my own, I finally came around to seeing the benefits of hiring professionals who know how to play the game, but this required that I make a change in my way of thinking. 
I have met many talented Russians during the last five years and they are hungry to succeed; but most need the same kind of awakening I had in order to create their own success stories. Not everyone will become Google co-founder Sergey Brin, or even Birger Steen, who created the extremely successful software platform Parallels, but the opportunity to be a success is available to all who can combine their love for technological achievements with excellence in marketing and sales. Here are few more examples of innovators with Russian who have found that success: Valentin Gapontsev (IPG Photonics), Yuri Milner (investor), Stepan Pachikov (Evernote), David Yan (ABBYY). 
Silicon Valley is truly a magical place, and anyone who comes to work here learns quickly that the main advantage of the Valley is the network that exists. Russians have a high chance of succeeding in Silicon Valley if they surround themselves with others whose talents complement their own. One way to do this is to join a networking organization. Two of the larger networking organizations for Russian entrepreneurs and developers are AMBAR (American Business Association of Russian Speaking Processionals) and the Global Technology Symposium, led by the legendary Alexandra Johnson. 
While current geopolitics is encouraging Russian entrepreneurs to take another look at China , culturally Russians are closer to the U.S. mentality . In the long-term, Russia and Russians have little to gain from China. What interests do the Chinese have in helping Russia develop a culture of innovation? Chinese companies have a clear track record of observing the ideas and the scientific research of others, and then reverse engineering it to create their own products. 
I encourage investors to embrace Russian entrepreneurs and help them find a U.S. partner. Only if we encourage this free entrepreneurial spirit can we stop the long-standing intellectual brain drain that Russia has experienced for so many years. 
Let's work together to make some money. 
The opinion of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. 
The article was initially published in Russia Direct's special project ' U.S.-Russia Shared Frontiers ." Tags: 

ARTICLE

Will Trump's presidency change the way America views Russia? Donald Trump once again confounded his critics with an unexpected victory in the U.S. presidential election. Will he now seek to turn U.S.-Russian relations upside down? Donald Trump once again confounded his critics with an unexpected victory in the U.S. presidential election. Will he now seek to turn U.S.-Russian relations upside down? 

U.S. President-elect Donald Trump poses with a ring given to him by a group of veterans during a campaign event on the campus of Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa. Photo: AP 
Donald Trump completed one of the great upsets in American political history when he vaulted above the 270 Electoral College vote minimum needed to become president. His presidency, which begins Jan. 20, 2017, offers interesting possibilities for U.S.-Russian relations .
Trump's affinity for Russian President Vladimir Putin has been well documented, and Putin's sentiments about Trump are equally positive. On Nov. 9, Putin was among the first of the world's leaders to offer his congratulations to Trump. But will a gesture of goodwill lead to substantive change in the U.S.-Russian partnership? Trump has intriguing possibilities to weigh.
Doing away with the sanctions President Barack Obama handed down in response to Russia's involvement in 2014 in Ukraine is one. Last year, Russian officials estimated the sanctions cost the country more than $100 billion. It is safe to assume that figure has grown this year, and sagging oil prices have added a second significant strain to the Russian budget.
Demanding that NATO nations pay for more of the costs associated with the organization would be a second option Trump could employ. Within hours of Trump's victory, NATO's secretary general urged him to not forget the longstanding relationship between the U.S. and Western Europe in maintaining peace. Trump could add further stress to the relationship – to Russia's advantage – if he limited the role of the U.S. military in the region.
Read the Q&amp;A with Dmitri Trenin: " Trump's presidency and the future of US-Russia relations " Staying out of the way as Russia continued its aerial assault on Syria's rebels would be another way of demonstrating that a President Trump would deal with Russia in sharply different ways than Obama.
There is no way to know right now if Trump will follow through on any of these ideas once he assumes office.
He also has so-called soft power options at his disposal to change the way Russia views America. For example, he could urge the U.S. Congress to restore funding for Title VIII , a program that allows U.S. scholars to engage in research about Russia and gain Russian language proficiency. Funding levels were cut three years ago. Along the same lines, he could push for increased academic, athletic and cultural exchanges between the two nations.
President Obama's famous 'reset' button that Hillary Clinton carried to Moscow during her first visit as U.S. Secretary of State proved ineffective, and her critics jumped on it during the recent presidential campaign to show how incompetent she would be on the world stage. Trump is not likely to use any prop to show his intentions of improving Washington's relationship with Moscow.
But the substantive options he does choose will determine just how much he intends to break with his soon-to-be predecessor's plans. Western European leaders, perhaps more than any other, will be watching closely.
The ;opinion ;of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. 

ARTICLE

Trump's presidency and the future of US-Russia relations With Donald Trump winning the U.S. presidency in surprising fashion, Russia Direct sat down with Carnegie Moscow Center Director Dmitri Trenin to discuss the implications of his presidency on U.S.-Russia relations With Donald Trump winning the U.S. presidency in surprising fashion, Russia Direct sat down with Carnegie Moscow Center Director Dmitri Trenin to discuss the implications of his presidency for U.S.-Russia relations. 
 ;
U.S. President-elect Donald Trump stands during a rally in Bentonville, Arkansas. Photo: AP 
Regardless of the early forecasts and preliminary exit polls predicting the loss of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, he won, doing far better than anyone could have predicted. By the end of the night, he had garnered 288 of the required 270 Electoral College votes, with his Democratic counterpart Hillary Clinton having received 215 votes, according to the latest data from CNN .
The question is whether Trump now has a political mandate to move forward with his many controversial domestic and foreign policy initiatives. Critics point to the fact that Trump and Clinton split the popular vote almost exactly in half, and that many of the states Trump won were only by virtue of razor-sharp margins. In addition, he will still need to contend with divisiveness within the U.S. Congress, where it may be harder to unite the nation.
Primarily, Trump's victory results from the fact that Americans —faced with social and economic challenges within their own country — became very disappointed with their establishment and political elites as well as with the whole concept of globalization . And this trend is commonplace, not only for the U.S., but also the entire West.
Also read: " The real reason why Vladimir Putin needs Donald Trump " As Russia's Former Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin wrote via his Twitter account , the American presidential elections show that the current dynamic of the global processes doesn't meet the expectations of many people. He described the U.S. elections as 'the continuation of the Brexit,' with right-wing and populist forces gaining influence throughout Europe.
Prominent Western experts echo this view. For example, historian Niall Ferguson, a senior fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution and Harvard University's Center for European Studies, argues populists like Trump 'are nearly always part of a global phenomenon,' with 2016 having generated 'a populist backlash against globalization' and this crisis itself being 'global in its scope.'
'Populism today has a similarly global quality,' Ferguson wrote . 'In June, the British vote to leave the European Union was hailed by populists right across the European continent as well as by Donald Trump in the United States and, implicitly, by Vladimir Putin in Russia.'
However, the fact that Trump was finally elected indicates that democracy has proven its resilience, despite any current challenges. ;
'Democrats have lost, but democracy has won. America keeps going because it keeps changing. [It is] a bitter pill to swallow, but the body politic needed it,' wrote Carnegie Moscow Center's Director Dmitri Trenin after the U.S. presidential election results indicted the victory of Trump.
Amidst the post-election buzz, Russia Direct sat down with Trenin to discuss the reasons why Americans elected Trump and what it means for U.S.-Russia relations .

Carnegie Moscow Center Director Dmitri Trenin. Photo: Russia Direct 
Russia Direct: Donald Trump is going to be the next president of the United States. What policy toward Russia should we expect from him and how can his presidency affect U.S.-Russia relations? Dmitri Trenin: Trump is unpredictable, in my view. Yet, on the other hand, the reaction to his presidency from the American establishment will also be unpredictable, because Trump won't be able to conduct and carry out foreign, military and any other initiatives by himself.
He will need a team and people. So far, it is very difficult to imagine who will be included in the Trump administration. How will these people be able to work with each other and find common ground? This is also not such an easy question to answer. So, this unpredictability is multilayered in its very nature. That's why is impossible to outline the Trump administration's policy.
And today this aspect should be taken into account, given the fact that the current agenda of U.S.-Russia relations adds up to one key question, just like it was during the Cold War : How to prevent a hot war? I hope the U.S. and Russia will cooperate and be able to prevent the escalation from spinning out of control and turning into a conflict at the nuclear level. I hope we will avoid such a catastrophe.
RD: Some pundits and historians try to find certain logic in the impact of American presidential elections on U.S.-Russia relations throughout history. The logic is very simple: the Republicans are good for the Kremlin — the Democrats are not; the business-minded Republicans are easy to get along with, the idealistic Democrats are not. Thus, Trump is a chance for Russia — Clinton is not. This oversimplified assumption is very popular among many Russian politicians and pundits. What is your take? D.T.: Of course, it is a big oversimplification. It is a myth and it emerged in the times of Republican Richard Nixon's presidency (1969–1974), when the Soviet Union and the United States established a productive dialogue and the Soviet elites came to the conclusion that their American counterparts saw them as equals, based on their military-strategic parity.
This myth was further confirmed by the presidency of Jimmy Carter, who came to power as a Democrat with his ideas on human rights and nonproliferation. During his tenure, Soviet-American relations saw a significant decline. The big difference between the Republicans, whom the Kremlin saw as reasonable and approachable, and the intransigent Democrats was obvious to the Soviet leaders. Nixon and his National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger were easier to get along with than Carter and his team, who were very difficult to negotiate with. ;
Yet if one looks at the problem from a broader historical perspective, the closest relations between Russia and the United States were generally established in the times of Democratic presidents, including Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1933–1945) and Bill Clinton (1993-2001), regardless of the fact that the last years of Clinton's presidency left an unpleasant aftertaste for Russia.
Indeed, during Clinton's tenure the U.S. saw itself as the patron. Washington was both very friendly and too intrusive toward post-Soviet Russia and didn't see it as an equal partner. But, at any rate, we cannot deny the fact it was a friendship between Moscow and Washington.
So, in my view, believing that the Republicans are better for Russia than Democrats is a myth, not to mention the fact that the U.S. is changing today, and the nature of differences between Democrats and Republicans is not the same as previously.
RD: Yet where do such myths come from historically? Politically, are there any grounds to come up with such conclusions? D.T.: Yes, there are some reasons to believe in this myth. If we oversimplify, the Republicans embody U.S. business — the Democrats exemplify the ideals of America. However, in reality there is no unanimity — there are many differences within both Republican and Democratic parties.
Business is pragmatic. It negotiates, persistently defends its interests and sincerely believes in healthy completion. This is what the Republicans put forward.
Meanwhile, the Democrats, since the times of President Woodrow Wilson (1913-1921), prioritize not material and tangible things, but political ideals such as democratic values.
Because the U.S. sees itself as the global center of democracy, the key goal of the Democrats is to make the world safer through democracy. Thus, democracy in this context is seen as the major foundation of security and the entire world order. Such logic implies that moral superiority is much more important than materialism. That's why the Democrats, unlike the Republicans, more rigorously focus on the domestic policy of other countries and human rights. ;
Also read: " Trump, Clinton and the great realignment in American politics " Thus, the co-existence of these two trends — material and moral aspects — shapes American politics.
RD: If we extrapolate this to the U.S. policy toward Russia, we face problems at any rate: in the case of idealism, the tensions between two countries will increase if the expectations of two sides about each other won't come true. Likewise, business-minded and blunt politicians won't necessarily alleviate these tensions. In contrast, they might aggravate the problem. So, the scheme 'Good Republicans—Bad Democrats' is totally flawed. D.T.: Exactly. ; ; ; ;
RD: There is a lot of talk about American foreign policy , with the Democrats becoming more hawkish toward Russia and their Republican counterparts being friendlier toward the Kremlin. However, historically, it was vice versa. D.T.: If we talk about Donald Trump, it is the case: He is ready to establish dialogue with Russia. However, if you take the Republican camp in general, there won't be agreement and unanimity [on how to deal with Russia]. Most importantly, the Republican representatives of the establishment are divided in their view on Trump: Some see him in a very negative light, while the others would like to establish close ties.
If we put Russia into this context, it is not seen as a serious problem for American politics despite the fact that it played a role during this year's presidential campaign as a factor of the pre-election race . However, Russia is not a factor in U.S. foreign policy. It is not a top priority for the United States and the political establishment is hardly likely to overestimate the significance of Russia. And this trend seems to persist in the future.
Nobody in the U.S. believes that relations with Russia will be improved until the Kremlin changes its foreign policy course and stops its political rebellion against the system of international relations, established by the United States . Likewise, nobody within the U.S. establishment really believes that Russia's foreign policy will be changed under Russian President Vladimir Putin, not to mention its domestic policy.
Moreover, the U.S. establishment is hardly likely to take Putin very seriously and negotiate with him. And this trend in U.S.-Russia bilateral relations will persist for seven-eight years. The changes that might take place in Moscow-Washington relations will depend to a greater extent on the domestic policies of Russia and the United States.

ARTICLE

A Trump presidency will have implications for NATO Donald Trump could reassess America's foreign policy priorities, and that would almost certainly lead to a new strategic role for NATO – including a greater emphasis on fighting terrorism abroad Donald Trump could reassess America's foreign policy priorities, and that would almost certainly lead to a new strategic role for NATO – including a greater emphasis on fighting terrorism abroad. 

NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg responds to a question about the U.S. elections at NATO headquarters in Brussels on Nov. 9. Photo: AP 
Shortly before the 2016 presidential election in the U.S. , when most European and American politicians expected the victory of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton , NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announced his plans to increase the combat readiness of the Alliance's troops in Europe.
In addition, he said that NATO should respond to the policy of its key opponent, Russia. However after the victory of Republican candidate Donald Trump in the American presidential race, Stoltenberg changed his priorities and called on NATO to fight with terrorism first and foremost, relegating the containment of Russia to the secondary agenda. ;
With Trump coming to the White House, Washington is likely to reassess its foreign policy priorities, which also could lead to changes in NATO's military strategy. Will the North Atlantic Treaty Organization deploy rapid deployment troops? Most importantly, who will pay for this under Trump?
Read the Q&amp;A with Dmitri Trenin: " Trump's presidency and the future of US-Russia relations " Anyway, there are some controversial ideas in the pre-election statements of the U.S. President-elect on the country's national security and the necessity to reassess its military doctrine. Specifically, the new American leader admitted the possibility of using torture in the cases of those suspected of terrorism. Moreover, he said that using nuclear weapons against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Greater Syria (ISIS) would be a potential option. At the same time, he criticized Obama's policy toward Iran and North Korea , two states that could pose nuclear challenges to the world.
Amidst this rhetoric, Trump's statements about security look very disjointed. According to his logic, security is never free and every country should pay for it by itself. At the same time, he believes that America should not impose its universal values on those who don't agree with them.
So, Trump is an outsider, a populist and a contrarian. He is alien to the American establishment. That's why he can afford to violate the rules of the current political system – but only up to a point. Such a wanton approach is more difficult when it comes to foreign policy. However, the U.S.-President-elect identified himself as a pragmatist. He has not ruled out that he will be driven by pragmatic calculations in his defense politics. And establishing a European defense system will test his pragmatism.
If Europeans seek an American-led defense, they will have to pay for it. If the European Union believes that Moscow poses a threat to Eastern Europe, it is Brussels that should create the necessary infrastructure for the deployment of American forces. According to Trump's logic, NATO itself should be more self-reliant in fostering European security.
So, Trump looks like a typical and cynical realist. He repeatedly criticized the Obama administration's policy in Syria and Iraq: The U.S. campaign against ISIS failed, and now the prospects for the Mosul military operation against the terrorists are in limbo. Most importantly, American troops are fighting in Iraq.
Probably, Trump expects the EU to play a greater role in the international coalition against ISIS and more rigorously shoulder the burden of the war in the Middle East . It is not ruled out that the new American president will fight with Islamic terrorism with greater tenacity and will try to involve other stakeholders, including Russia. Such an approach will allow him to boost his rankings amidst the failures of the previous administration to tackle terrorism. After all, it could be interpreted as his decisiveness in defending the American national interest.
It is quite likely that Trump will agree on constructive and large-scale cooperation with the Kremlin in Syria and will try to bring NATO's forces to the operation. In this context, the prompt creation of additional forces of rapid deployment, which would be ready to take part in clashes in the Middle East by spring 2017, would surely benefit Trump.
Notwithstanding the paradox, the force structure proposed by Stoltenberg cannot seriously threaten Russia. It is likely that both NATO's Secretary General and the Head of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, understand this. While the latter recently called once again for the creation of a European army , it will also be incapable of changing the situation and influencing the balance of power in the region.
In case of Russia's intervention in Eastern Europe or NATO's attack on Russia, the war will be rapid and mobile with nuclear deterrence weapons playing the key role. According to the forecasts of Western military experts, the Baltic capitals might fall in two-three days while Prague and Warsaw could fall in 7-10 days after the beginning of the conflict.
It is also seems unlikely that NATO would deploy thousands of its military on Russian borders to pressure the Kremlin or threaten it in case of escalation in Ukraine or the Baltic States . The countries of Eastern Europe simply do not have an infrastructure to accommodate such a large number of forces. Not more than 100,000 people took part in the largest NATO military drills in Eastern Europe over the last 25 years. And they were located in different countries.
Recommended: " Why Russia has no reason to celebrate a Trump presidency yet " Creating such infrastructure, which would be vulnerable to tactical nuclear weapons due to the close proximity to Russian borders, might take more than a year. Although Lithuania and Estonia are already financing the bases in Sauliai and Ämari, the number of airplanes located there is not high.
Thus, the new American leader might carry out a very pragmatic policy regardless of his populist rhetoric. He is likely to attempt a reset in Washington's relations with Moscow and might change the U.S. policy in Ukraine.
At the same time it is not correct to consider Trump a "friend of the Kremlin" as some Russian politicians do. Trump is protecting U.S. national interests, not Russia's and is following the principles of Realpolitik .
He seeks to extricate his country from unnecessary expenditures, the threat of terrorism and boost the U.S. economy. If Russia can partly contribute to these efforts, the cooperation will be possible. If American national interests clash with those of Russia, then cooperation will not be possible.
Trump will not forget about Europe, which the U.S. has guarded since 1945. He will act pragmatically because cooperation with Brussels in the Middle East is important for fighting terrorism. In addition, Brussels will remain an irreplaceable partner for the U.S. in case of escalation of tensions with Russia over Ukraine.
That's why the creation of new rapid deployment contingents and system of European forces coordination, as well as increasing their mobilization capability, will be beneficial for Trump. Of course, if it will be Brussels that funds these initiatives, not Washington.
The ;opinion ;of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. 

ARTICLE

Why Trump: A quick primer for the world's elite Donald Trump's election victory was unprecedented, but it should not have been surprising. His popularity was the result of socio-economic trends that had been gathering force over the past 20 years Donald Trump's election victory was unprecedented, but it should not have been surprising. His popularity was the result of socio-economic trends that had been gathering force over the past 20 years. 

President Barack Obama and President-elect Donald Trump shake hands following their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Nov. 10. Photo: AP 
Elites across the U.S. and the world are puzzled by the election victory of Donald Trump. They should not be – it is no more surprising than the fall of one more domino in a line that has already toppled half a dozen others.
Trump's victory follows the victory of the Brexit vote, and the rise and popularity of anti-liberal, nationalist leaders in the Philippines, Turkey, Hungary, and of course, Russia. Around the world, the rising polarization of wealth, the anger of those being left behind and trapped in the decline of social mobility have resulted in people venting their anger at what they perceive as selfish elites.
The data make clear that there was no huge outpouring of support for Donald Trump. He received 59.9 million votes overall; slightly less than Mitt Romney received in 2012 (60.9 million) and a hair more than John McCain received in 2008 (59.6). Trump defeated Clinton because she failed to generate as much enthusiasm as President Obama, who received 65.9 million votes in 2012 and a whopping 69.3 million votes in his first election in 2008. Large numbers of people who voted for Obama in earlier elections either stayed home (as with many of the Bernie Sanders voters) or voted for Trump.
In the Electoral College, the results were a surprise only because of overconfidence by Democrats and the biased judgements of urban-based elite media and commentators (plus polls that skewed toward urban voters). But a quick glance at the state and county maps of Republican and Democratic voting makes the outcome very clear. In the major cities where global finance and high technology has enriched the economies, and large numbers of the highly educated and higher-income households are located, voting went Democratic; in the rural areas dependent on the domestic economy, and particularly those hurt by the financial downturn since the Great Recession and by stagnant incomes, voting was overwhelmingly Republican.
Recommended: " Will Trump's presidency change the way America views Russia? " Overall, the Electoral College results were clear: as has usually been the case, the Northeast and West Coast states went Democratic, while the southern and mountain states went Republican. The crucial swing states were those in the upper Midwest – from western Pennsylvania and Ohio through Iowa, Wisconsin and Michigan. All of these were states that had voted for Obama in the previous two elections, but all of them went to Trump in 2016, giving him a large victory in the Electoral College.
The key swing voters in these swing states were the 'white working class' - whites who had not attended college. These were the groups who felt the most pain in the late 2000s as their savings and homes crashed in value, while the high-paying union jobs that had been the foundation of their communities and their prosperity continued to fade away. In 2012, they voted strongly against Mitt Romney, who was seen as exactly the kind of predatory elite private equity investor who had enriched himself by closing factories and shipping jobs abroad.
But in 2016, they voted strongly against Hillary Clinton, who was also seen as representative of the Wall Street elites who had engineered bailouts for bankers and gotten rich themselves, while the white working class struggled to survive. Trump, in comparison, was seen as a self-made man who had no patience for political correctness, who would not give special favors to minorities and immigrants, and who would 'make America (meaning their America, of small-town Midwestern communities) great again.' ;
This group of voters are now neither Democrats nor Republicans; rather they are supporters of anyone who promises to pay attention to their needs and shake up the system that they feel has neglected and scorned them. They supported Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primaries, and Donald Trump in the Republican primaries.
The real question we should be asking thus is not why Trump won the election; it is why so many voters rejected mainstream politicians from BOTH the Democratic and Republican parties, and voted for insurgents who aimed to overthrow the establishment of their parties and the nation . In short, why were so many voters willing to support what amounted to a revolution against politics-as-usual, a revolution aimed at blowing up the status quo?
The answer to that question is easily revealed in the graph shown below.

In this graph, from the St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank, the upper blue line shows the growth in America's economy. To be more specific, it shows the real (adjusted for inflation) level of GDP per person. This grew rapidly from 1993 to 2000, suffered a brief pause in the recession of 2001-2002 (the dot.com bust), and then continued to rise strongly to 2007. It again paused and dipped for the Great Recession of 2007-2009, but then rose again, reaching an all-time high in 2014.
One would expect that in a fair and open free market society there would be a strong relationship between rising national income and rising household income. ; Certainly there would be some increase in inequality as the benefits of growth would not be spread fully equally, but on average, one would expect that as a society as a whole grew richer, the people of that society would grow richer as well.
This was the case from the end of World War II all the way to the 1990s. But as shown by the bottom red line in the figure – which tracks the real median household income in the U.S. – for the last 15 years that expected relationship has failed. Over this period, the median household income has dropped; household income stopped rising in tandem with national economic growth from 1999 to 2007, first remaining flat even as the economic grew, then dropping by ten percent after 2007, even as the overall economy returned to steady growth.
There are a number of words to describe this state of affairs, but the obvious ones that leap to mind are 'unfair,' 'unjust,' and 'intolerable.' ; No doubt most of the U.S. population has not been poring over graphs like this one – they don't know the data or the trends. But what they do clearly see and resent is that highly visible pockets of the economy are enjoying strong economic growth; it is visible in New York, San Francisco, Seattle, Denver, Los Angeles, Houston, Miami and Chicago. These and other centers of design, finance, and professional life are thriving and driving a growing economy. ;
But the median households across the country – especially in rural areas and former manufacturing centers – are being left out of this growth; instead their incomes are falling. Some people blame immigrants; others blame globalization or sending jobs abroad. Economists and media pundits often blame technological advances for leaving uneducated workers behind. But for many households with stagnant or falling incomes watching the rising wealth of the bankers, executives, and urban professionals, the result that matters is a hatred of the elites who have manipulated the rules of the game to favor themselves and capture (if not steal) all the fruits of national economic growth.
The result is not all that different from what happened in East Germany for households that received TV images of the quality of life in West Germany, and increasingly realized that they were being left behind. The East Germans felt that their leaders had betrayed them; those leaders lost all legitimacy, and they were abandoned in what became a revolutionary movement that quietly toppled the Communist regime.
America has always had high inequality; that is not the issue. In the past, high inequality was combined with two elements that comprised the 'American dream.' First, while some attained enormous wealth, average incomes rose as well. Not everyone would become a Rockefeller or Ford, but everyone could expect a rising income over their lifetimes if they worked hard.
Also read: " Why Russia has no reason to celebrate a Trump presidency ye t " Second, the path for mobility was open to all – anyone with the luck, brains, or business talent could strike it rich and move to the top of the income hierarchy. That opportunity was fueled by an open frontier in the 19 th and early 20 th century, and by a huge increase in public education and professional and white collar jobs from the 1960s to the 1990s. In those years, those with the ability and effort could put themselves through a good public college and get a professional or government job with excellent income and solid benefits. Parents from the lower and working classes whose children could be encouraged to be disciplined and hard-working could count on their children being able to get an outstanding education and achieve high levels of professional success.
In the last twenty years, both these elements of the American Dream have been stripped away. Average incomes have stagnated, then declined, even though the overall economy has grown. In addition, avenues to social mobility have dried up. Funding for public universities has plummeted, and costs have skyrocketed compared to working-class incomes. The number of professional and white collar jobs has grown only slowly, and those positions are increasingly taken by the children of well-to-do parents who can provide superior pre-school, private, and college educations, connections that lead to valuable internships, and pathways to top jobs. A 2015 Pew study of social mobility in the U.S. states that 'the United States is very immobile. The persistence of advantage is especially large among those raised in the middle to upper reaches of the income distribution.'
As the American Dream is what legitimized the high level of inequality and the position of elites in the eyes of the average working family, the erosion of that dream has undermined the legitimacy of today's elites. Instead, a substantial number of Americans want to 'take down' the selfish and privileged elites that they see running Washington D.C. and betraying them. These people responded with wild enthusiasm to Donald Trump's promise to 'drain the swamp.'
In sum, the income patterns in America over the last 15 years made it inevitable that sooner or later an uprising would occur against the ruling establishment . Whether it drew from the left (Bernie Sanders' supporters) or the right (Trump's supporters) or both, an anti-elite movement was going to gain traction. Yes, there are bigots, racists, sexual aggressors and xenophobes among Trump supporters, given that Trump himself has shown these characteristics in his speeches and actions. But these are not the groups that pushed Trump to the Presidency. If not Trump, it would have been another populist who, sooner or later, would have overcome an opponent from the hated elites.
Throughout history, whenever selfish elites monopolize economic growth and produce a polarization of incomes, the result is a loss of legitimacy and the rise of insurgent movements to overturn the social order that is no longer providing expected routine benefits. Since the 1990s, the U.S. has been repeating these conditions. The surprise should not be that Donald Trump (or someone like him) was elected president. The surprise should be: Why did it take so long?
The ;opinion ;of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. 

ARTICLE

The key concerns of Russian foreign policy heading into 2017 RD Interview: Chatham House expert James Sherr explains how a variety of global crises, particularly in the Middle East and Ukraine, are impacting Russian foreign policy RD Interview: Chatham House expert James Sherr explains how a variety of global crises, particularly in the Middle East and Ukraine, are impacting Russian foreign policy. One big variable to consider: the results of elections in the U.S., France and Germany. 

Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Athens, on Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2016. Photo: AP 
Major international actors are currently preoccupied with all kinds of regional crises: crises in the Middle East – including Syria , Iraq, Yemen and Libya, the rise of radical extremism, the refugee crisis , the crisis of European integration after Brexit and the rise of right-wing political parties in Europe. Moreover, the situation is exacerbated by the ongoing tensions between Russia and the West, which could take on a new dimension after elections in the U.S., France and Germany.
With that in mind, Russia Direct talked with James Sherr , an associate fellow and former head ;of the Russia and Eurasia Program at the Royal Institute of International Affairs (Chatham House), about the possibilities for a change in Europe's Russia policy, the prospects of the Minsk agreements and Russia's aims in Syria.
RD: Given the crisis in the European Union, which is considered the most serious since its very beginning, how do you assess the prospects for the rise of a more independent foreign policy decision-making process within the European Union? How could a potential change of the political elites, keeping in mind elections in France and Germany, affect Europe's Russia policy? James Sherr: Against the backdrop of uncertainty, the only thing we can say with confidence is that we should not be complacent that things will remain the same. If either Marine le Pen or, more probably, Nicolas Sarkozy becomes president of France, there will be extremely strong pressure, at least in France, to move in a different direction vis-à-vis Russia.
Also read: " The crisis of European identity and rapprochement with Russia " Nevertheless, there is a contradictory factor. Russia, in my view, is today under strong pressure to realize its objectives in Syria and the humanitarian consequences of this are already inflaming European opinion against Russia. So if you factor this in with the other variables, it would be far too optimistic for the Russians to conclude that the sanctions regime will diminish.
Look at the example of France, where President Francois Hollande a few months ago was saying that Europe should think about how to diminish sanctions, and now he is talking about increasing them. Well, I do not think they will increase, but I think it is unrealistic to assume that sanctions are going to be reduced either.
RD: What we should expect in terms of the Western policy towards Russia? 
So, it is really very uncertain, but broadly speaking, many of these developments like Brexit, like the migration crisis, the evident discontent of a leader like Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, make Russia more comfortable. However, this is not time to be dizzied with success. There is no basis for that.
RD: After the recent Normandy Format meeting in Berlin, is there any hope for some positive developments of the Minsk agreements? Do you believe Germany and France will increase their pressure on Kiev in order to implement their part of the agreement? J.S.: In my view, and I believe this is also the view of Kiev, Russia's aim is not to preserve a frozen conflict – it is to use the warlords [in Eastern Ukraine] as a vehicle, a means to neutralize Ukraine with Western consent . All of the demands of the warlords, and informally those of the Russian leadership, concerning 'special status' stipulate first of all absolute autonomy for these regions, something that exists in no federal state in the world.
But secondly, and even more controversially, they stipulate a right of this entity, which is four percent of Ukraine's territory, to exert a right of veto over Ukraine's foreign and defense policy. And this is all has been stated explicitly and it's been reinforced in discussions on a very high level. This is absolutely unacceptable in Kiev.
RD: What about Germany and France? What is their stance on that? J.S.: Berlin and Paris are not yet ready to accept it, so they keep looking for a compromise, they keep hoping that if Ukraine compromises, the other side (the rebels in Eastern Ukraine – Editor's note) will compromise, but I see no evidence of this and from my perspective, they don't have any reason to do that because the West keeps putting pressure on Kiev to make compromises. So, this leads to what I think is one very dangerous possibility for Ukraine and the West, though it is very encouraging for Russia.
If Ukrainian President Poroshenko is put under pressure by the Ukrainian Parliament, and he insists on legislation that would be harmful to Ukraine's national interests, the Parliament will reject it. The president will then have to exercise his financial or administrative resources to try to deal with this. He might do that successfully or not: if he does it successfully, then the street will revolt. In my view, this is exactly what Moscow wants to happen.
The problem is that in Europe there is not enough clarity about this situation and the West can blunder into a situation with an endangered Poroshenko regime. They do not want to do that, but after this recent Normandy meeting in Berlin , the risk of such a sequence of errors is more likely than it was before.
And therefore, I would predict the Ukrainians would do everything that is necessary to stall, resist, divert until they can talk to a new set of players in Washington after the November presidential election .
So, the Normandy Format meeting has not solved anything, it is not going to solve anything, it is an awkward bump on the road. It is going to continue until facts are created that no party can question anymore.
RD: Many experts say that one of Russia's major goals in Syria is to divert attention from Ukraine in order to compel the West to cooperate and thus to prove that Russia is an inevitable partner, which the West has to deal with. So, do you think that it is legitimate to say so and did Russia achieve its goals in Syria? J.S.: Russia today is not only militarily but intellectually a very capable state, a very serious opponent . A great power like Russia never does something as significant as this for only one reason.
So, the strongest motivation for Russia to deploy its forces to Syria in the fall of 2015 is to recognize the Assad regime and to preserve it and preserve it on Russian terms, which means preserve it in a 'usable' Syria. Russia is not interested in whether or not Syrian President Bashar al-Assad re-establishes control over all of Syria. What they want is a 'usable' Syria, which means the Alawites areas, the Western areas on the coast – areas where Russia's air base and naval facility are located and so on. This is one reason.
Also read: " The rivalry between Moscow and Washington for the right to defeat ISIS " The second is to enjoy regional dividends. The expenses do not break Russia, but if it goes on for five more years then you can talk about it. The U.S. Obama Administration created the power vacuum in the Middle East and this was for many reasons. They came into office and said the Middle East would be less important. In 2012 they decided on the 'pivot to Asia,' there are all sorts of new priorities. So, Russia is enjoying now increased authority in the region, including tangible results in Turkey . This is the second.
The third is to show the West that there is no global question Russia is interested in that can't be solved without Russia and without Russia's opinion being accepted. In other words, there is no solution to any international problem that will be legitimate or workable without Russia's participation.
And the fourth factor is to divert the West's attention from everything that is going on in Europe . And that's it.
So, this are four factors there. They each reinforce the other but again, the certain paradox is that, the more Russia does to accomplish its aims in Syria, the bigger the humanitarian consequences, the more Russia's image suffers in the West, the more pressure there is for sanctions for tough policy and everything else. So, it does not all mesh perfectly.
But this is a very well thought-through, powerful policy which I think in the short-to mid-term is likely to succeed, but not over the long-term. This is because the fundamental factor is that Syria is a country where 60-65 percent of its population is Sunni and it's true that the Sunni elites are in a sense part of the state's structure, but others are not; this insurgency is very strong and even after Aleppo, the insurgency is going to remain very strong. I don't think it will go away.

ARTICLE

Russia's top economic minister faces criminal charges for bribe solicitation Russia's high-profile Economic Development Minister, Alexei Ulyukaev, has been arrested on corruption charges. Who or what is behind this new anti-corruption probe? Russia's high-profile Economic Development Minister, Alexei Ulyukaev, has been arrested on corruption charges. Who or what is behind this new anti-corruption probe? 

Pictured: Russia's Economic Development Minister Alexei Ulyukaev. Photo: RIA Novosti 
The surprising detention of Russia's Economic Development Minister, Alexei Ulyukaev, on corruption charges comes as yet another sign of sweeping changes within the Kremlin's inner circle . Recent dismissals and unexpected appointments have led some to suggest that a reshuffle has been going on at the highest levels.
On Nov. 15, Russia's Investigative Committee announced that Ulyukaev had been arrested under the suspicion of corruption. Law enforcement authorities claim he solicited a bribe in the amount of $2 million to approve the purchase of 50 percent of the assets of the Bashneft oil company by Russian oil giant Rosneft.
In fact, this is the first case when such a high-profile official has been accused of corruption during Vladimir Putin's presidency. The Russian president and Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev did not release any comments shortly after the detention. However, the parliamentary opposition called for the dismissal of the entire government of Russia.
Meanwhile, experts are mulling over one primary question: What role did Rosneft head Igor Sechin play in this scandalous case? Specifically, did Sechin orchestrate this case and did Ulyukaev really pose a threat to Rosneft? ;
Ulyukaev vs Sechin According to Investigative Committee spokesperson Svetlana Petrenko, the Economic Development Minister tried to implicate his 'patrons,' but failed. Moreover, the Investigative Committee claims that Ulyukaev threatened the representatives of Rosneft. Currently, the official is expecting a decision from the court as to his status. Most likely, he will be placed under house arrest. ;
One of the most striking incongruities in the Investigative Committee's narrative is the fact that the deal between Rosneft and Bashneft was conducted in accordance with the law. It is legitimate and, thus, cannot be the object of the probe, many experts argue.
The privatization of Bashneft took place in October 2016 without a tender, even though several companies expressed their interest in the deal and offered their bids . In late July, Ulyukaev made no bones about his disapproval of the purchase of the oil company by Rosneft. In fact, at that time he described Rosneft as 'an ineligible client' for Bashneft. Likewise, Vice Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich and presidential adviser Arkady Belousov were against the deal. Nevertheless, it still took place. ;
'Probably, it is not the best option, when one company controlled by the state, acquires the other one,' said Putin following the deal. 'I was surprised myself a bit by such position of the Russian government and, first and foremost, by its financial and economic department.'
It is not ruled out that today's arrest of Ulyukaev can be linked to the direct implementation of Putin's words, according to Mikhail Vinogradov, the president of the St. Petersburg Politics Foundation.
'The sale of Bashneft obviously became the key political event of this year, even more important than Bashneft itself. What is happening now might be the continuation of what Putin said about this deal earlier. I don't rule out that there will be an attempt to suspend the privatization.'
At the same time, the expert speculates that there might be a political game. By hitting one official, the orchestrators will land a blow in the gut of the entire government. To quote Vinogradov, Medvedev 'has been in favor for the last year, but now he is facing a very stressful moment.'
The prime minister himself called for a thorough investigation of this, and the Kremlin's press service announced that Medvedev is currently discussing the situation with Putin. Regarding the president, he made it clear that he has been aware of the Ulyukaev case since its inception.
Also read Russia Direct's report: " Russia's political drama heading into 2018 " Some representatives of Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) admitted that they have been tracking Ulyukaev's activities for a year, with eavesdropping of his telephone calls becoming a routine. Amidst this background, the alleged bribe to Rosneft became a pretext for his detention, because there were no talks on Bashneft a year ago. ;
'Despite the fact that FSB has been conducting this work, it is the Investigative Committee that plays the role of the headliner,' Evgeny Minchenko told Russia Direct . 'I see it as an additional instrument of strengthening the clout of its head, Alexander Bastrykin. If the probe has been conducted for about a year, I would assume that the investigation started [earlier], when the current vice president responsible for Rosneft's security was working for the FSB.'
Likewise, newspaper Novaya Gazeta argues that Oleg Feoktistov, a former high-profile FSB official, who is currently dealing with security of Rosneft, could have started the investigation. At the same time, Vinogradov believes that the tug of war between Russia's law enforcement agencies might have resulted in the arrest of Ulyukaev. In such a way, the Ulyukaev affair became the continuation of the reshuffle within the Kremlin's inner circle .
All experts agree that the size of the bribe is too small for such a minister like Ulyukaev in comparison with the bribes of other high-profile officials, who have been accused of corruption. A former employee of the law enforcement agencies, Kirill Kabanov, who currently works as the chairman of the National Anti-Corruption Committee, argues that the alleged bribe became a good pretext for the arrest of Ulyukaev, because the probe has supposedly been going on for at least one year.
Also read: " Inside the power struggle within the Russian elite " 'After all, we understand that it is a comparably small bribe for Ulyukaev to resolve such an elementary procedure [like the sale of Bashneft to Rosneft],' he told Russia Direct . 'There could have been more information regarding other aspects of his activity, which led to his arrest.'
Other pundits also agree that the $2 million bribe was only a pretext. However, they don't believe that the probe has been ongoing for a year.
'It is highly likely that there was no investigation that lasted for a year. There was a conflict with Igor Sechin and then law enforcement forces found out all the information,' a source in the special services told Russia Direct on the condition of anonymity. His colleague confirmed this view: 'If there was no personal conflict, he'd be dismissed quietly or due to the loss of trust.'
Another source close to the investigation said that Ulyukaev was not fulfilling his responsibility professionally. 'Let's remember his controversial statements on the economic situation in Russia,' he said.
'With regard to Rosneft he failed to demonstrate political instincts by challenging Igor Sechin. Rosneft is not the kind of organization where one can request 'money for a service' even through mediators. As a result, there was an arrest, which the Kremlin will use to show that there is no impunity even for high-profile officials when it concerns fighting corruption,' he added.
First reaction Indeed, high-ranking officials might have been losing their impunity gradually ever since the start of the reshuffle. And it became a matter of fact for politicians at all levels. Numerous reports claim that Ulyukaev was caught red-handed but, according to some sources, the money was held in a bank and the minister did not touch the funds.
Recommended: " 25 years after liberalization, Russians are cautious of democratic reforms " 'Serious allegations were put forward against the minister of the Russian government,' said Vyacheslav Volodin, the chairman of the State Duma. 'We live in a law-governed state and everyone is equal before the law, but at the same time, we need to wait for a court trial before making any conclusions on whether he is responsible or not. There is an investigation going on and one should not interfere with it.'
Yet a number of experts argue that Volodin himself, as a powerful former first deputy head of the Presidential Administration, surely was aware of the case.
At the same time, the leaders of the parliamentary opposition – the Liberal Democratic Party (LDPR) and the Communist Party ¬– called for dismissing the whole government.
'The fight against corruption has been launched at all levels of the power vertical,' said Vladimir Zhirinovsky, chairman of the LDPR. 'Everyone should feel insecure now. Ideally, every person at a senior position — be it a minister, a governor, or a mayor — should have a deputy representing a different political faction. Now we are likely to have a new Minister of Economic Development.'
Previously Ulyukaev worked in the government and the Central Bank of Russia. As Minister of Economic Development, he supported reforms decreasing the state's role in the country's economy and promoted privatization, even in an unfavorable financial environment.
His ministry never abstained from giving difficult forecasts about the Russian economy. In October, the ministry announced that the national economy would stagnate over the next 20 years and that GDP growth would be lower than global rates. On Nov. 9 in an interview with Die Welt , Ulyukaev said that the economy had more or less adapted to sanctions.
The minister himself denies the accusations and sees the case as 'a provocation against a government official,' according to his lawyer Timofey Gridnev.
Artem Kureev also contributed to the article. 

ARTICLE

How Russia could revive its ties with Moldova Following the victory of Igor Dodon in Moldovan elections, Moscow has a real chance to boost its relations with the former Soviet republic. However this task is not so easy Following the victory of Igor Dodon in Moldovan elections, Moscow has a real chance to boost its relations with the former Soviet republic. However this task is not so easy. 

With 99.9 percent of the votes counted, Igor Dodon, a pro-Russian politician, won 52.3 percent of the vote and secured a clear win in a presidential race in Moldova. ;Photo: AP 
The presidential campaign in the Republic of Moldova is now officially over with the second round of elections concluded on Nov. 13. The first round that took place two weeks earlier did not determine a winner but made two political trends evident: The percentage of voters who supported closer ties with Russia and those who supported the EU was more or less equal, and there is demand for a change in Moldova regardless of any foreign policy aspirations.
The main competition took place between  ;pro-Russian candidate Igor Dodon, the leader of the socialist party, and the pro-EU candidate, former Minister of Education (2012-2015) Maia Sandu. As a result of the run-off vote on Nov. 13, Dodon won the presidential seat.
The dominance of the pro-European political groups is now being challenged, as over the course of his campaign Dodon repeatedly called for strengthening ties with Russia, promoting Moldova's integration with Eurasian projects. He also actively criticized his counterparts for the absence of any visible results of Moldova's cooperation with the West. He also made promises to visit Moscow first if he gets elected.
Does this mean that Moldova will change or at least make significant corrections to its foreign policy priorities and stop playing the role of a strategic European partner? Can one expect significant developments in resolving the Transnistria conflict?
Also read: " Revealing the post-Soviet identity complex in Transnistria " Just a week before the run-off vote, the head of Moldova's military, Anatol Salaru, stated : 'We will request international organizations to pressure Russia to withdraw its forces. We provide all opportunities for that – by sea, land or air.' Will the new president of the Republic follow these plans or dismiss them given the incompatibility of such plans with improving ties with Russia? To what extent is Dodon ready to make concessions to reach a compromise?
Against the backdrop of Donald Trump's triumph in the U.S. and the victory of the left forces in Bulgaria, one might consider the victory of Moldovan socialists as another positive external development for Russia. At the same time, it would be too early make any enthusiastic conclusions, first and foremost, because Moldova is a not a republic that has established a strong role for the president.
Indeed, Dodon was elected through direct voting – for the first time since 1996 – and the elections themselves took place during a crisis of trust between the public and the government. However, it is not the figure of a specific politician that is significant for the public, but the institution of the presidency itself. The power of the head of state is quite limited by the parliament and the government apparatus. So, he will have to take into account of the views of his opponents unless he establishes a dictatorship, which is quite unlikely.
The electoral divide is also quite important in this situation and Dodon as a pragmatic politician understands this quite well. It is not a coincidence that after the election he spoke about the necessity to work with all politicians given that he is the president of all citizens of Moldova.
Those who voted for Sandu criticize the idea of Moldova's Eurasian integration and argue for the continuation of cooperation with the West. The new head of state will inevitably have to take these views into account while working on specific decisions. He can counter or criticize the Eurocentric position, but he cannot ignore it. Otherwise, he will face mass protests similar to neighboring Ukraine , the experience of which is too recent to forget.
Speaking about Dodon's foreign policy transformation, one should remember what Moldova went through since the collapse of the Soviet Union. In the post-Soviet period it made steps to balance between Russia and Europe. In 2001 following the wave of disappointment in cooperation with the West, communists led by Vladimir Voronin won power in the country and received a public mandate to establish closer relations with Russia. However, no breakthrough followed.
Furthermore, the 'Kozak Memorandum' for Transnistrian conflict resolution brought no results and this made Voronin one of the most problematic partners for Russia. [This 2003 memorandum outlined Russia's proposal for a final settlement of relations between Moldova and Transnistria – Editor's note] The steps to 'reset' relations on the background of pro-European parties' revival in popularity in 2008-2009 were also unsuccessful. As a result, the coalition of liberals, liberal-democrats and democrats replaced the communists.
This did not bring any significant change to the state of Russia-Moldova relations, which were already at their lowest point. What's worth noting is that the current winner of the elections - Dodon - worked together with Voronin in the 2000s and even contributed to the introduction of stricter tax rules for Transnistria.
In this regard, it is necessary to understand that opposition rhetoric and policies in practice are not the same. Moscow experienced this difference repeatedly in relations with former Soviet republic . This was the case not only with Voronin, but also with Ukrainian leaders Leonid Kuchma and Viktor Yanukovych as well: Their 'pro-Russian rhetoric' during the elections was later replaced by totally different foreign policy decisions. Even Mikheil Saakashvili was seen in 2004 as a politician who could potentially reverse the negative trend emerged during the time of Eduard Shevardnadze. But the reality was totally different.
But does this mean that, based on these lessons, Moscow should play it safe and abstain from believing in the sincerity of Dodon's proposals? Such stance would be representing another extreme. The fact that the new leader is ready to improve bilateral ties with Russia is very important. These are not just words – the public voted to support this course. It is the citizens of Moldova, not the voters from some unrecognized breakaway republic.
Yet, it is necessary to avoid inflated expectations in dealing with the new president. One should not believe in miracles and demand him to turn his country into 'Belarus-2.' It is important to establish a pragmatic relationship allowing for a gradual strengthening of Russia's role in Moldova.
Specific projects and deals should be prioritized over diplomatic words and general rhetoric. ;Through these concrete steps the citizens of Moldova, even those who voted for cooperation with Europe, will acknowledge the role of Russia in the development of their country and see cooperation with Russia not only as a Soviet memory but a platform for new opportunities.
In this case, the number of Dodon's supporters will grow and the demonstration of Russian effectiveness will become a positive factor in Moscow's relations with other neighboring countries and post-Soviet republics.
In order for this to happen, Russia should avoid the two extremes: inflated expectations from the socialist victory and Moldova's break-up with the EU, on the one hand, and excessive concerns over the insincerity of the new leader, on the other.
The opinion of the author may not necessarily reflect the position of Russia Direct or its staff. 

ARTICLE

Russia's opposition leader Navalny declares presidential bid Prominent opposition figure and anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny has announced he plans to run for the presidency, with criminal charges against him suspended. However, Russia's experts are divided in their assessments of his chances in the 2018 presidential elections Prominent opposition figure and anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny has announced he plans to run for the presidency, with criminal charges against him suspended. However, Russia's experts are divided in their assessments of his chances in the 2018 presidential elections. 

Russian opposition activist Alexei Navalny during an interview to the Associated Press in Moscow. Photo: AP 
Last week Russia's Supreme Court suspended the criminal charges against Russia's well-known opposition activist and anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny, who was accused of embezzlement of assets belonging to ;the state-run timber company ;Kirovles. 
The decision came after the European Court of Human Rights reviewed and endorsed Navalny's complaint about the trial, which the defendant found unfair and politically motivated. The Russian authorities are to reassess their decision in light of the February ruling, which called for Navalny to be fully acquitted and for Russia to pay $8,000 each to him and his co-defendant Pyotr Ofitserov plus legal costs. 
Also read: " Khodorkovsky drums up support in Europe for an alternative to Putin " All this means that the criminal charges against Navalny are at least suspended, if not canceled. The accused is rehabilitated and has chances to stand for Russia's presidency in 2018. Navalny confirmed his presidential bid last week and has left his intention to run as an alternative candidate in no doubt. Russian oligarch and opposition activist Mikhail Khodorkovsky, who now lives in London, has approved Navalny's candidacy . Meanwhile, the Kremlin is reticent about the anti-corruption campaigner's intentions to run for the presidency. 
'This question is not on our agenda now,' said Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov. 'The presidential elections will take place in 2018.' ; ; ; ; ; ; 
Too early for forecasts Meanwhile, experts argue that it is too early to talk about the 2018 presidential elections and the chances of their candidates. For example, democratic activist and politician Leonid Gozman believes that Navalny has enough political heft, but the fact that he is associated with the opposition will hinder his chances. 
'Alexei Navalny is a celebrity,' he said. 'He is a well-known figure with an interesting history, which has its own flaws and advantages.' ; ; 
Gozman argues that t he opposition candidate's major disadvantage is an unfavorable political environment within the country and people's distrust of opposition, with him fighting against those at the helm . However, Navalny might be able to turn this disadvantage into an advantage and earn political credentials not only inside, but also outside Russia. According to Gozman, Navalny's anti-corruption political platform is a valuable and very meaningful asset, which he will be able to use in his favor. 
Likewise, Mikhail Vinogradov, the chairman of the Petersburg Politics Foundation, argues that Navalny has enough political heft and can be compared with Russian President Vladimir Putin to a certain extent. 
'Navalny is the No. 2 politician in Russia's public politics,' he told ; Russia Direct . 'That's why he's more effective and interesting than the leaders of the parliamentary parties, which have been competing with each other for so long. He has well-developed political instincts. In addition, he has much better chances in the elections than those retirees who head the parliamentary parties. From the point of view of populist potential, Putin and Navalny are comparably equal.' 
Vinogradov is sure that Navalny is capable of recruiting a large number of supporters in a short period of time, as indicated by the results of the 2013 Moscow mayoral elections, when he won more than 27 percent of the vote. However, at that time he focused primarily on the protest electorate . Today, there are a lot of people who are not satisfied with the current situation in the country and Navalny is capable of winning their votes as well as the votes of those who support the authorities, Vinogradov speculates. 
However, it remains to be seen if the opposition activist will be able to use his tactics to help win nationwide support. 'This is one of the major intrigues,' said Vinogradov. 
A dose of legitimacy for Russia's elections At the same time, Gozman argues that the participation of Navalny in the presidential elections will make them more interesting and less artificial. 
'His bid is useful for the elections themselves,' he said. 'This means that a campaign with Navalny will look more real than one without him.' 
Also read: " Hawks vs. doves: Who will dominate in the Kremlin before the 2018 elections? " Gozman gives an example of the 2013 mayoral campaign, which he sees as "more natural' because Navalny challenged Sergei Sobyanin and encouraged him to change his tactics. In contrast, Alexei Mukhin, the ;general director of the Center for Political Information, ;a Moscow-based think tank, argues that the participation of Navalny will be a bigger disadvantage for regional campaigns rather than an advantage. According to him, the opposition figure will bring instability and disorder, while pursuing a sole goal: self-promotion." 
'Navalny is a professional troublemaker,' he told ; Russia Direct . 'He is likely to look for a trade-off with the authorities. For example, he will withdraw his bid if the Kremlin offers him some political privileges." 
'It is a matter of a pure political calculation. He is not a populist — he is a political strategist," Mukhin added. " He is a sort of dealer within politics and he can use skills to earn political points. Moreover, a refusal to register Navalny as a presidential candidate will be a big asset for him, because it will give him a reason to claim that the authorities are afraid of him. It may strengthen his political heft .' 
Populist or not? 
Unlike Mukhin, Gozman sees Navalny as a potential populist in the upcoming presidential campaign. However, it is too early to talk about specific positions or a platform he is going to stick since it is unclear what kind of environment the 2018 elections will be held in. 
'A populist is easy to recognize only in a specific environment,' he said. 'Most importantly, it is necessary to know what position his opponents will take. It is a matter of debates: You're inclined to take a tougher position in a dispute than under other circumstances, at least because you need to prove your point of view.' ; 
When discussing populism in presidential campaigns, most Russian experts give the example of Vladimir Zhirinovsky, the firebrand leader of Russia's Liberal Democratic Party (LDPR). Throughout his political career, he has garnered about 10 percent of the vote. For instance, the results of the recent parliamentary elections showed that his party even improved its record in comparison with previous years. This indicates that Russians are easy to manipulate and they are ready to support a populist candidate. However, the populism of Zhirinovsky is not taken very seriously. 
Recommended: " Inside the anti-corruption campaign against Russia's liberals " 'If a new populist like [U.S.-President-elect Donald] Trump , who would avoid Zhirinovsky's buffoonish style, emerges in Russia's political arena, the rest of the politicians, including Navalny himself, are likely to take a more moderate position. If such a populist doesn't appear, somebody else will fill his shoes,' ;says Gozman. 
Mukhin doesn't agree. He argues that Russia's political system prevents such populists from coming to power. The most obvious example is Zhirinovsky himself, who is seen as something of a clown. ; 
What most pundits agree on is that Navalny's odds of winning in the 2018 elections are slim: It will be extremely challenging for him to launch a presidential bid and win enough support from voters , partly because Putin , who still enjoys high approval rankings and wields political heft, doesn't support his candidacy, according to Vinogradov and Gozman. This is the very logic of Russia's current political system, in which elections are not a game-changer: Their results are always predictable. 


ARTICLE

Hawks vs. doves: Who will dominate in the Kremlin before the 2018 elections? Carnegie Moscow Center's Andrei Kolesnikov discusses the links between the 2016 parliamentary and 2018 presidential elections, focusing on Russia's political future and the rivalry between the 'hawks' and 'doves' within the Kremlin RD Interview: Carnegie Moscow Center's Andrei Kolesnikov discusses the links between the 2016 parliamentary and 2018 presidential elections, focusing on Russia's political future and the ongoing rivalry between the 'hawks' and 'doves' within the Kremlin's inner circle. 

From right to left: Speaker of the Russian State Duma Vyacheslav Volodin, Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, Director of the Federal Security Service Alexander Bortnikov and Director of the Foreign Intelligence Service Sergei Naryshkin. Photo: RIA Novosti 
Russia's recent parliamentary elections were, by and large, a dress rehearsal for the more important presidential elections coming up in 2018. Between now and then, members of the political establishment will be able to try on new roles, experiment with new campaign slogans, and determine who will play a starring role within the Kremlin's inner circle. The central consideration is how to consolidate power in a way that balances the interests of the government and the population.
To get an inside look at Russia's current political landscape, Russia Direct sat down with Andrei Kolesnikov of the Carnegie Moscow Center. According to him, the 2016 parliamentary elections provide a preview of what to expect in 2018 and beyond.
Russia Direct: To what extent were the 2016 parliamentary elections fair and legitimate, in your view? Andrei Kolesnikov: In fact, they were juridically legitimate because they were conducted in accordance with Russian law. However, the degree of the political, not juridical legitimacy is a debatable question because of the low turnout: It means that the representation of Russian citizens in the parliament became even less than previously. About one-third of the Russian population voted at the elections. ;
Even though the United Russia ruling party garnered four million fewer votes than during the 2011 elections, it received more seats in the parliament. In addition, liberal politicians are not included in the parliament at all. Thus, politically, the legitimacy of the elections is a matter of question.
Regarding honesty, these elections were fair in the polling stations with observers, to a large extent. They were honest in the regions, in which the Central Election Commission controlled the electoral process in cooperation with observers. ;
To a lesser extent, these elections were fair and transparent in the distant Russian regions or — in the words of prominent political expert Dmitry Oreshkin — 'zones of peculiar electoral culture,' which saw an abnormally high electoral turnout. I mean, for instance, the republic of Tuva in southern Siberia, the North Caucasus, Kemerovo region etc. ;
These regions were controlled by the Central Election Commission to a much lesser extent — no wonder that people were compelled to vote in accordance with the orders of local authorities. The violations in these regions were likely to be common. ;
Andrei Kolesnikov, ;Senior associate and Chair of the Russian Domestic Politics and Political Institutions Program at the Carnegie Moscow Center. Press Photo 
RD: Does Russia's Central Election Commission have any tools to influence voting in the distant regions? A.K.: There are some instruments, but local authorities limit and restrict them. I don't think the administration of the Russian president hampered the work of the Central Election Commission Head, Ella Pamfilova. She tried to balance the interests of Russian President Vladimir Putin and the interests of the country's civil society. ;
This is the middle-of-the-road position and it is very difficult. She just tried to take into account all positions and signals that were coming from the regions during the electoral campaign and could not ignore them. There were so many of these signals that she objectively and physically could not control the &shy;elections throughout the country, especially, in the distant regions.  ;  ;  ;  ;
RD: What kinds of violations took place during the 2016 elections, if any? A.K.: Violations took place, even though they were not large-scale, like previously during the 2011 elections. These violations included the use of administrative resources for influence, rigged and fabricated voting, stuffing the ballot box, and dirty political techniques against the liberal and communist parties during the political campaign and before Election Day. ;
There was also orchestrated voting, when cadets, students and governmental employees were ordered to vote. This also should be taken into account. All these violations took place not only in distant regions, but also in those under the steady control of the Central Election Commission.
RD: Why did the United Russia party win despite its declining popularity throughout Russia? ; A.K.: The fact the United Russia won the majority in the State Duma and the party's popularity are basically different things. Its popularity has been decreasing indeed. It is one reality. But it doesn't prevent the party from winning most of the seats. That is the other reality. ;
Russian citizens don't see the party as a body that deals with the problems of the population . The credibility and approval rankings of almost all governmental bodies, except law enforcement agencies and the president himself, are dropping. And United Russia is not the exception, because people perceive it not as a party, but as a kind of a governmental body. Its rating will keep going down, but slowly, step by step.  ;  ;  ; ;
Usually, if you vote for United Russia, it means a mechanical, symbolic process, a sort of political law-abiding ritual. If you are law-abiding and go to the polling station, you are likely to vote for United Russia, because it is necessary. This is the very logic and motivation that drive average voters to elect United Russia.  ;
Even though some people preferred not to vote for the ruling party, they voted for the current authorities, because there were no real alternatives: They voted either for one of the three systemic parliamentary parties or the spoiler parties, which aimed at distracting the attention of voters and preventing the opposition from gaining parliamentary seats.  ;
RD: Why did the Russian opposition fail and what is its key problem? A.K.: The reason why they failed can be traced back to the personal ambitions of the opposition leaders. They couldn't team up and compete with each other. In addition, they have different values, in fact. I mean right-leaning liberals and left-leaning liberals don't always agree. This does matter, after all. Moreover, these leaders don't have enough political heft. Most of them cannot be considered powerful and influential political figures.  ;
Another problem is that the authoritarian regime in Russia will prevent the emergence of new powerful liberal forces in Russia. If such a party emerges and poses a serious challenge to the authorities like opposition leader Alexei Navalny did, it will be either destroyed or discredited and marginalized. So, in such a situation, it is very difficult to come up with a pragmatic solution. However, this year's parliamentary elections proved that the only political democratic force  ;noticeable on a scale of a whole country is the Yabloko party and its leader Grigory Yavlinsky, no matter how you view them. ;
Indeed, it is losing popularity year after year, but this party remains firmly within the country's political landscape and if the opposition is able to persuade voters that Yabloko brings together different representatives of liberal and democratic forces as well as well-educated intelligentsia, they might succeed in the future. But in reality it's hardly probable. ;
RD: You said that the Kremlin would prevent the emergence of a new powerful liberal political force in Russia, because the existence of such a force contradicts the nature of the authoritarian regime. Yet why are the Russian authorities afraid of everything that is associated with liberals, if those within the Kremlin are pretty confident, if their approval rankings are high among the majority of Russians, if people don't trust liberals and the idea of liberalism is totally discredited in the country? A.K.: Well, first, it is a matter of the logic of development of any authoritative regime. It adds up to total political control. Second, in fact, the authorities are not so confident that they are so popular among the people, as implied by the words of Russian President Vladimir Putin, who came to the United Russia headquarters after the elections and said that, despite economic challenges and the difficult situation, people voted for United Russia. If you read between the lines, you can detect the feeling of the lack of confidence. ;
It means that the social contract — economic well-being in exchange for political freedoms ('we restrict your political freedoms, but feed you instead') — doesn't work anymore and might be not so relevant. That's why the authorities find it necessary to feed people with imperial pride, wars, Crimea and increase political control and establish a political monopoly, which also means creating fake liberal parties such as the Party of Growth. After all, it is a good example of the spoiler artificial party created within the Kremlin's test tube. And this control is likely to persist as long as this regime exists.  ;
RD: What will the 2016 parliamentary elections change in Russian politics? A.K.: Basically, there won't be big changes. Tactically, these elections aimed at preparing the groundwork for the 2018 presidential elections and testing Russia's current political system . And in this regard, this task was fulfilled. By 2018 Putin is going to look for new faces and figures to renew his team, but this is going to be a different political process, even though it is partly related to the parliamentary elections. ;
RD: You said the 2016 parliamentary elections were a proving ground for the 2018 presidential elections and tested Russia's current political system. Could you be more specific? ; A.K.: These elections confirmed the legitimacy of the current Russian authorities. Once again, the Kremlin sees that it does have the mandate to rule the country. Putin himself does have this mandate, because the ruling party is associated with his name, and the country's political unity is based on the Crimea narrative and the parliament itself. ;
The system passed the test successfully. So, it can work for a certain period of time as long as everybody is satisfied with this model. Thus, the system is ready to live for another 18 months until the 2018 presidential elections, with the parliament organically embedded in this system and ready to fulfill blindly all orders from the president. ;
The other question is how will these elections be conducted in terms of obvious predictability and the absolute absence of interest toward them given the fact that nobody can compete with Putin. In fact, he is the only candidate who will win. So, there is the lack of motivation for voters to come to the polling stations in 2018.  ;  ;
RD: Do you mean that the turnout at the presidential election will be low? ; A.K.: The turnout is going to be the key question. In fact, the 2018 election is a referendum that will test the credibility and approval of one person [Putin]. In this situation, the authorities have to create an artificial rivalry to Putin, but it is hardly likely to work. The real rival won't be allowed to compete with Putin openly, if we are talking about Navalny. Thus, if Putin is once again elected president, there is no motivation to vote. ;
On the other hand, as indicated by this year's parliamentary election, those who came to the polling stations observed a sort of political ritual. It is a matter of carrying out a law-abiding commitment. And this might drive people to vote in many Russian regions and have an impact on the electoral turnout. However, I expect it to be lower than during the parliamentary elections, especially in Moscow and St. Petersburg. Importantly, the turnout will be low not because people do not trust Putin — it will be low because of the absolute predictability of the elections, because of the absence of competition.  ;  ;  ;  ;  ;  ; ;
RD: To what extent were this year's parliamentary elections different from the ones in 2011 — and why didn't they lead to protests ? ; A.K.: Well, the situations are totally different. In 2011, people were waiting for changes and the continuation of modernization, with urbanites frustrated by the rigged voting and obvious violations during the parliamentary elections. They were also disappointed with the presidential swap, when then President Dmitry Medvedev decided not to stand for the 2012 presidency and let Putin come to power once again, depriving them of the opportunity of a choice. Eventually, they took to the streets. ;
Yet their protests failed to bring changes among the authorities. Moreover, these protests brought about a series of arrests, which had a chilling effect on the protesters. Afterwards, the authorities took very repressive legal measures — including 'the Dima Yakovlev law' that bans foreign families from adopting Russian orphans, the laws that restrict the right to organize rallies, laws on foreign agents and undesirable organizations, and other restrictive measures. ;
Thus, by the beginning of this year's elections, people had been very discouraged. They didn't believe that they could change something. They were not ready to take to the streets. They were totally apathetic and disappointed politically. On top of that, there was the incorporation of Crimea. This narrative played its role in bringing people together around the authorities.
Also read Russia Direct's report: " Decoding Social Transformations in Russia " RD: Remarkably, those who took to the streets in 2011 supported Crimea's incorporation. ; A.K.: Statistically, it is difficult to make any conclusions, yet the correlation does exist. Indeed, Crimea helped to mobilize people, even part of the liberal-minded citizens. It became the key narrative that mobilized the nation. Those who didn't support the incorporation of Crimea are seen as outcasts. They are considered to be outsiders. ;
RD: How long will the Crimea effect be able to unite people around the authorities? ; A.K.: It is difficult to say for sure. Probably, the abrupt worsening of living standards and drop in income might influence the behavior of the population. Yet this is just a hypothesis, because people are still very satisfied with Crimea's return to Russia: They see themselves as being part of a great power. ;
According to the polls of the Levada Center, people are still supporting the Kremlin's foreign policy, they don't want the sanctions to be canceled, and they believe they are above these sanctions. They think that Russia should keep the counter-sanctions policy instead of trying to persuade the West to lift these sanctions. This mobilization — being in the state of quasi-war — helps them to deal with the economic crisis and adjust to it. Honestly, there are no signs of political indignation, which means that people won't orchestrate large-scale political protests.  ;  ;
RD: Shortly after the parliamentary elections, Russian media reported about the Kremlin's plans to create the Ministry of State Security (or MGB in the Russian abbreviation), which is expected to bring together all Russian law security agencies. So, it seems to be a reanimated version of the old KGB. What does it mean for Russia's political future? A.K.: Russian law enforcement officers play today a significant role [in the country's decision-making process]. So, if these plans come true, it means that the authorities are trying to hedge political risks: It is a matter of the system defending itself in advance. One of the goals [of the MGB] is to provide security for the President and this problem will be more relevant by the end of the State Duma's tenure, by 2021, because it will be the time when the future of Putin will be determined. ;
After 2021, there will be the questions from people and political elites if Putin will remain at the helm after 2024 or not, if he will nominate his successor or not, if he will be a lame duck or not. All these questions need to be clarified. And to feel more confident and secure, he needs absolute control. And the creation of such a monstrosity like the MGB is quite logical in such a situation. But this leak about MGB was no more than proving public and elite's opinions. Presumably, right now this body will not be created.  ;  ;  ;  ;  ;
RD: There is some speculation that Putin might be concerned with a plot prepared by some members of Russia's political elite. Is it really the case? A.K.: In fact, today there are not any signs of a conspiracy against Putin. The stakeholders within the Russian political elites are not interested in it, given a great deal of solidarity and unity around the Crimea narrative. Even though Putin is autocratic in his nature, nevertheless he is very popular among the elites. He builds such a political machine that guarantees him security and prevents any possibility of a coup d'état.  ;  ;
RD: Yet recently Putin reshuffled his political deck and asked his chief of staff, Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB officer, to resign. Anton Vaino , who was seen by some experts as a political unknown and a neutral technocratic political figure, replaced Ivanov. Does this resignation mean that Putin hedges the risks and just wants to get rid of those who might compete with him? ; A.K.: Actually, this is the trend, which means the 2018 new team of the president will consist of docile, absolutely loyal bureaucrats, who will be distant from the leader and won't have any claims for power. This is in contrast to Putin's cronies — governmental oligarchs and his close friends. ;
This team will also comprise the bureaucrats and average men from law enforcement agencies, including security guards and representatives of the special services. This is how Putin sees effective governance; this is how he is going to reform the governance system. This is part of his strategy to save his personal security during his next presidential term. These people will have to provide Putin with security when he either retires or hands over power to his successor.

"Putin is an observer. He is like a weighing-machine that takes into account all views and tries to balance them." ; Photo: RIA Novosti  ;  ;  ;  ;  ;  ; ;
RD: There is also speculation that Putin is trying to fuel an artificial rivalry between different law enforcement agencies to strengthen his positions in the Kremlin. Do you agree? A.K.: Partly, it is the case. The logic of the MGB is to control this rivalry, watch over it closely and make it more transparent within one big entity. After all, Putin is an observer. He is like a weighing-machine that takes into account all views and tries to balance them. He gives them room to compete with each other up to a point and makes certain conclusions. It is a matter of effective political management. ;
Look at Alexander Bastrykin, the chairman of the Russian Investigative Committee. He has been very influential until recently, but he started expressing political claims and got in trouble [In July 2016 the Federal Security Service (FSB) conducted a series of inspections in the Investigative Committee's offices and arrested high-profile officials suspected of corruption and embezzlement — Editor's note]. ;
Today, Putin doesn't need independent and very corrupt figures. He is ready to put up with the riches of his governmental oligarchs, but as long as they can hide it and fulfill their commitments within their governmental corporations. ;
Summing up, Putin is creating the environment that can provide him with security and insurance and control the wars with the Kremlin's inner circle . Russia's political elites have already received a lot of signals from him: If somebody behaves in a wrong way, he will be either dismissed or accused of corruption.
RD: How do you see the role of Medvedev, given that he has acquired the reputation of a very weak and docile politician? To what extent does he fit into the system? ; A.K.: His weakness is his power. His purposefully technocratic nature is his competitive capability. He is convenient, docile. He is between the loyal systemic liberals and law enforcement officials. In addition, his informal agreement with Putin is still intact and relevant. Politically, it is not in Putin's interest to replace Medvedev with a more powerful and independent politician. ;
In this case Putin should choose between liberals and 'hawks' — between [former Finance Minister] Alexei Kudrin and Igor Sechin [the head of Russia's largest oil company Rosneft]. Yet Putin cannot do it right now. He has to choose a middle-of-the-road, technocratic and docile figure like Medvedev, who will become a very convenient way to shift responsibility for the economic crisis after 2018. ;
In this regard, the ideal candidate to replace Medvedev is Anton Vaino, Putin's current chief of staff, or his deputy Sergei Kiriyenko, who in the eyes of Russians was responsible for the 1998 economic default. However, Medvedev is a much more experienced politician.
Also read: " Inside the anti-corruption campaign against Russia's liberals " RD: You mentioned the 'hawks' and liberals within the Kremlin's inner circle. Who is more influential today? A.K.: You can look at this hierarchy both simplistically and from a more sophisticated point of view. If we tend to simplify, there are the 'hawks' or conservatives and 'doves' or liberals: While the former are responsible for politics and foreign policy, the latter deal with the economy, business, the budget and fiscal policy. ;
On the other hand, all these players, especially, law enforcement officials ['hawks'] are involved in clan wars to a larger extent than the liberals, who, basically, have nothing to compete for (if we don't take into account the debates between the Economy Ministry, Finance Ministry and the Central Banks about the nuances of Russia's economic policy). ;
The closer we look at the political groups within the Kremlin, the more obvious it becomes that all these players are included in Putin's team: In fact, they have less differences than commonalities. After all, all of them support the Crimean consensus. They support Putin's domestic and foreign policy, even though some of them [liberals] don't approve it. They are just adjusting to the current political situation without openly expressing their disagreement.
RD: Sooner or later Putin will have to step down. To what extent will the transition of power be difficult in Russia? A.K.: This transition will be very difficult at any rate. After all, there hasn't been a rotation of power for years. The nuance is Putin can accelerate the transition to democracy only if it brings benefits to him to save his personal security. If technocrats and liberals are able to persuade him that his security depends on democracy, he might chose this path, yet, again, not because he likes democracy. Today he is not ready for liberalization.
The article was initially published ;in Russia Direct Report " Russia's political drama heading into 2018 ." 

ARTICLE

Russians in America: Seeking success in Silicon Valley / All news / Russians in America: Seeking success in Silicon Valley November 23, 2016 
In the last few years, many Russian developers and startups have moved to Silicon Valley in the hopes of conquering global markets. But only a select few have had any success. 
Despite the illusion many Russians have that in such a place, in such a productive ecosystem, with so much talent, it will be easier to gain success than in their own country, the reality is much more complicated. Russian entrepreneurs and investors face a particular set of challenges breaking into the market, and perhaps not the ones they would expect. 
'One of the difficulties for Russia's post-Soviet startups is the culture shock, when they try to use techniques from the old country in new environments and expect the same results,' says Igor Shoifot, founder of the 'Happy Farm' business incubator. Read More Related Posts

