ARTICLE

http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/wikileaks-confirms-hillary-clinton-campaign-acknowledge-massive-email-cover/ It's always the cover-up that gets ya! 
This is certainly getting interesting, folks. It's 13 days before the elections. This email leak confirms Hillary Clinton and her staff were engaged in a cover up designed to prevent Congress from seeing incriminating emails about well “ everything! 
The issue is this. Early voting has occurred and is occurring across the nation. People have already cast their ballots for Hillary Clinton. If the Democrats pull her as a candidate and put anybody else in “ likely Biden “ then they will lose all the votes cast for Hillary as she will no longer be the Democratic candidate. 
All the Democrat illegal immigrant voting fraud, dead peopl e voting fraud, busing people around to vote in multiple precincts fraud plus all legal citizen Democrat votes cast early will no longer be valid if Hillary Clinton is removed as the candidate! 
And the 32K emails haven't yet been released! How low did you go, Hillary? 
It's a bit late now to do Michelle Obama's bidding to 'take the high road.' For you that might be a gutter. Shift Frequency 2016 SF original Oct. 26, 2016

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Greg Rosenthal “ I've been watching ridiculous stories on the 'hacked' emails of Hillary, John Podesta, et al, and I think it's time to insert a bit of reality to the discussion. So, if you have any interest in this, here are some points to consider: 1. Anyone could have hacked Hillary. 
People ask me, 'Do you think it was the Russians who hacked Hillary?' I tell them that I have no idea who did it, but, 'Yeah, sure, it could have been the Russians. Given the lack of security on her server, however, it could also have been the teenager down the street.' 
Hillary's server was more or less wide open. Given enough motivation and a bit of time, any reasonably technical person could have stolen those emails. In the words of one specialist, Hillary's server was ' total amateur hour .' How that happens for a Secretary of State (or a President) is a rather serious question. 
Bear in mind that this would be the right setup for purposely leaking information while still being able to claim ignorance, or at least incompetence. I have no idea whether that's true or not, but I do have to wonder. 2. No one broke into Podesta's computer. 
John Podesta, by all available information, wasn't hacked, as most people envision hacking. Instead, he fell for a phishing scheme . Someone pretending to be Google suckered him into giving them his password. (You didn't really think the elite were smarter than the rest of us, did you?) 
Once the phishers had Podesta's password, the rest was simply a vacuuming operation. Then came some kind of handoff to Wikileaks, and the rest was history. And there will be fallout from this for a long time, whether or not media sellouts allow it to be reported. Lots of people are insulted and exposed in those emails. 3. Google has plenty of it. 
John Podesta, if you've noticed, used a gmail address, meaning that Google sucked his messages up as they were being written “ all of them. They also had a ton of Hillary's 'lost' emails. Google literally owned every email from these addresses and dozens of others involved: 
john.podesta@gmail.com, cheryl.mills@gmail.com, brianefallon@gmail.com, lauren.elena.smith@gmail.com 
And perhaps more importantly, they have everything from bigcampaign@googlegroups.com. 
Please understand that Google processed those messages for profitable information immediately. If you have any doubt on this point, consider this: How long does it take them to show you ads for ski resorts after you search for ski boots? 
Please don't imagine that they don't look at political things; those are far more valuable than your skiing habits, and Google survives by mining information. (In other words, they grab everything they can¦ which you agreed to in their terms of service.) Google doesn't charge for your searches, do they? And yet they bring in billions of dollars per month. 
This is a useful question: What might you do with tens of thousands of emails to and from insiders and acres of computers to sort them all? Well, that's about what Google's doing. 4. NSA has it all. 
The NSA has almost everything. We've known for a decade or more that they were simply copying everything that went through AT&T facilities . Their data center in Utah was built to store and search all those communications. 
William Binney , formerly a senior official at NSA, says that it was probably an intelligence worker behind the DNC leaks, and he might be right “ they have it all. 
The NSA, put simply, is the largest hacker collective on the planet. They can take over more or less what they want, when they want. 5. Other people have the emails. 
All those 'lost' emails had recipients, didn't they? Sure they did, and all those people “ and their email servers “ have or had copies of everything. And yet I'm not aware of any effort to gather them all up. 
This guy says hackers used his servers and that he has records¦ and that no one from the FBI has bothered to call him. 6. Julian Assange is a front man. 
Another good thing to understand is that Julian Assange is the face of Wikileaks, but he doesn't do all the work himself, and he's not manning the switches. Lots of other people are doing the daily work. Julian just volunteered to stand in front. And given what's been happening to him over the past six years or so, you have to say that he's one seriously brave and tough guy. 
One thing Julian gets solo credit for is exposing the Google-State Department connection. (Or perhaps partnership is a better term.) If you'd like the details, see this book by Assange . It's pretty damning. 
And, by the way, Google's bosses have visited the Obama White House literally hundreds of times . And Eric Schmidt (Google's big boss) is very close to the Hillary campaign . 
Serious data protection requires a professional provider, not amateurs or hucksters. If you're ready to be serious, Cryptohippie will let you try their service for free. One week, no credit card, no BS. Try it, then either buy or don't. Use this link . 
Greg Rosenthal is a Contributing Writer for Shift Frequency SF Source Freeman's Perspective Oct. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Bill Still “ Michael Moore went to London to visit with Julian Assange. After he came out, he turned a camera on himself and gave us a little first-person report on his visit. 
Although the lack of detail makes you want to scream for more, what we do get is a lot more than we knew before we saw this. SF Source Bill Still Oct. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Several top journalists and TV news anchors RSVPed 'yes' to attend a private, off-the-record gathering at the New York home of Joel Benenson, the chief campaign strategist for Hillary Clinton, two days before she announced her candidacy in 2015, according to emails Wikileaks has published from John Podesta 's purported accounts. 
The guest list for an earlier event at the home of John Podesta was limited to reporters who were expected to cover Clinton on the campaign trail. 
The email thread starts with Jesse Ferguson, the campaign's Deputy National Press Secretary and Senior Spokesman, describing the venues and target audience of each gathering: 
We wanted to make sure everyone on this email had the latest information on the two upcoming dinners with reporters. Both are off-the-record. 
1) Thursday night, April 9th at 7:00p.m. Dinner at the Home of John Podesta¦ This will be with about 20 reporters who will closely cover the campaign (aka the bus). 
2) Friday night, April 10th at 6:30p.m. Cocktails and Hors D'oeuvre at the Home of Joel Benenson¦ This is with a broader universe of New York reporters. 
The 'broader universe of New York reporters' includes several top news anchors for network and cable channels, many of whom are listed as a 'yes' for the appearance: 
From ABC: Cecilia Vega, David Muir, Diane Sawyer (who could only stay for 30 minutes), and George Stephanopoulos. 
From CBS News: Norah O'Donnell. 
From CNN: Brianna Keilar, Gloria Borger, John Berman, and Kate Bolduan. 
From MSNBC: Alex Wagner and Rachel Maddow ('TRYING'). 
From NBC: Savannah Guthrie. 
'Yes' respondent George Stephanopoulos worked for Bill Clinton's presidential campaign and was a Senior Adviser to the President during Clinton's first White House term. Stephanopoulos does not disclose this fact when reporting on the 2016 Clinton campaign for ABC News. 
The nascent Clinton campaign invited Jeff Zucker and Phil Griffin, the presidents of CNN and MSNBC, respectively. Zucker declined while Griffin RSVPed 'yes.' 
Wikileaks' release of emails from the Democratic National Committee showed then-DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz scheduled or attempted to schedule private meetings with both executives.Other 'yes' RSVPs come from journalists who have been sighted in the Wikileaks Podesta emails, outing them as friendly or fawning towards Hillary's campaign. 
CNBC's John Harwood , who was also a moderator for a 2015 presidential debate, emailed Podesta frequently , practically begging for approval and access . 
Politico's Glenn Thrush also emailed Podesta periodically. On Monday, a newly-released email revealed a particularly humiliating incident where Thrush sent Podesta a passage from an upcoming article for his personal approval. 
'Because I have become a hack I will send u the whole section that pertains to u,' Thrush wrote. 'Please don't share or tell anyone I did this¦ Tell me if I f'ed up anything.' 
Sandra Sobieraj Westfall, Washington Bureau Chief at PEOPLE magazine, boasted two days after this confab that stories on Clinton's campaign were generating 'absolutely off the charts' traffic and asked for 'color you can whisper on background' about what Hillary was up to. 
The full RSVP list for Benenson's gathering is shown in an attachment on a separate email : 
This is an off-the-record cocktails with the key national reporters, especially (though not exclusively) those that are based in New York. Much of the group includes influential reporters, anchors and editors. 
The goals of the dinner include: 
(1) Give reporters their first thoughts from team HRC in advance of the announcement (2) Setting expectations for the announcement and launch period (3) Framing the HRC message and framing the race (4) Enjoy a Friday night drink before working more 
TIME/DATE: As a reminder, this is called for 6:30 p.m. on Friday, April 10th . 
There are several attendees “ including Diane Sawyer “ who will be there promptly at 6:30 p.m. but have to leave by 7 p.m. 
FOOD: This will include cocktails and passed hours devours. 
REPORTER RSVPs

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Laraine C. Abbey “ President Obama's statement 'giving up some freedom in exchange for security' [1] was a lance through my heart. Give up freedom for security?? Patrick Henry, of 'Give me liberty or give me death' fame, must be rolling over in his grave! We are losing America. 
Love him or hate him, Donald Trump has been the catalyst for a volcanic eruption of raw emotion about all that seems wrong in the governance of our country. Citizen unrest predates Trump's electoral campaign but it has acted as a lightning rod that laser-focused on many issues alarming and infuriating Americans. In 'shock and awe' style, ultra-liberal filmmaker and Bernie Sanders supporter Michael Moore had this to say in his 'out of context' Ohio theater speech: 
Our citizenry has increasingly lost its faith and trust in government following the 9/11 World Trade Center attacks. The Benghazi situation, Middle East wars, banking/financial crisis and housing market mortgage mess have done nothing to support confidence in the powers-that-be. Leadership has failed us. We've seen millions maimed or killed in these horrific unjust globalist wars. A call for change is on many lips and given a voice in presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
Trump threatens the power structure, while Hillary is the power structure. 
Do you see any personal gain for Trump in spending his own money on the campaign and possibly harming his Trump brand around the world to lead this country? 
Asked many times over the years if he would consider running for president always brought forth the same answer: He didn't want the job, but repeatedly said that he loved this nation and would consider running if he felt it was absolutely necessary for the well-being of our nation¦and here we are. 
In this currently circulating video Trump starts out saying he doesn't want to enter politics because 'it's a mean life.' Many mostly-good people would agree that they dare not even attempt running for office fearing some inevitable wrong-doing will hit the public arena and wreck their personal life. No good deed goes unpunished! 
It's becoming ever clearer how criminal the Clinton enterprise really appears following Hillary's deleting thousands of State Department emails”after being subpoenaed. This is a criminal activity that should be prosecuted and would seem to make her ineligible to run for president. The repeated WikiLeaks Clinton email dumps coupled with the Project Veritas Action videos make serious accusations, and lay bare political warts on what many are calling criminality here and here and here . 
It's odd how the media goes after every gaffe or faux pas from Trump, while saying nothing of the alleged suspect Clinton behaviors over the years, including the cocaine scandals back from the Arkansas days. If this is news to you, go into YouTube and search 'Clinton cocaine scandal' and watch some of the many videos and documentaries. Here's a short one to get you started. There are so many YouTube documentaries on 'Clinton scandals' and 'Clinton murders,' it would take a bite out of your lifetime to watch them all! 
While everybody's focusing on who is the more flawed of these two presidential candidates, the darker undercurrent issues are barely discussed by the political establishment of Democrats, Republicans, and the liberal mainstream media. My guess is they are petrified of the politically incorrect Donald Trump exposing their self-serving and criminal agendas. 
Mainstream media has put no focus on the Washington, DC pedophilia and drug dealing scandal of some years back [2, 3] that still infests seats of power. Instead they focus on feel-good talk that favors fixing things via an agenda of bigger government, increased taxation, centralization of control, and dominance in the name of the so-called 'greater good' as founded in collectivism (the hallmark of Socialism and Communism) rather than by maintaining limited government, individual liberty, and private property rights upon which our country's foundational documents are based. 
The Founding Fathers efforts via the U.S. Constitution to protect against over-reaching and corrupt governance, while appearing to have functioned successfully for over 200 years, is now under siege by powerful people on both sides of the isle, and in ownership of media, to foster globalist agendas, for their own benefit. 
Another example of losing our country is found in the erosion of private property rights; ' over the last 25 years, 68 percent of America's National Parks, Preserves and Monuments have been designated as a United Nations World Heritage Site , Biosphere Reserve or both by Executive Branch action with virtually no Congressional oversight or approval and out of the sight of the public scrutiny.' [4] Even more alarming: your right to own personal property is seriously threatened by UN Agenda 21 . Note this statement from an article in Conservative News and Views on July 27, 2011: To see what UN Agenda 21 really means, read the Local Agenda 21 Planning Guide . This 241-page book talks of balancing the needs of the economy, the community, and the environment. But a close read makes the real goal clear. People would lose many of the rights to their properties”and so would not really have property at all. In fact, people would have no inherent rights to anything. [5] 
Government is known for its frequent inefficiency, incompetency, cronyism, pedophilia, drug and gun running and other wrongdoings. Enlarging and expanding government only increases such problems. The Founding Fathers tried to limit the size and power of the federal government, but unfortunately, the populace consistently looks to government to solve problems; and governments, as perpetual seekers of power, are only too happy to comply. 
What are the results? A 20 trillion national debt; 6 trillion dollars unaccounted for in the Pentagon Budget, over 2 trillion of which was missing and announced the day before the 9/11 World Trade Center and Pentagon attacks and 'forgotten' in the chaos”some saying intentionally. A VA system, failing the care of our veterans, funded by a government that now prefers to spend money on refugees that may be dangerous to our populace rather than on taking care of its needy citizens and veterans. An IRS that improperly targets its citizens An FDA that attacks anything threatening to the pharmaceutical and commercial food industries” protecting them at the expense of the public and the CDC now repeatedly accused of fraudulent actions, involving manipulation and misrepresentation of research data including vaccine research, which endangers our children and the public while protecting the pharmaceutical and medical industries in their abuse of power. 
[T]he latest [abuse of power] comes as Thomas Frieden, director of the CDC, is attempting to block CDC whistleblower Dr. William Thompson from testifying in response to a congressional subpoena on the destruction of data and scientific fraud committed by senior CDC officials in a critical vaccine safety study to conceal a causative relationship between vaccines and autism. 
Thompson was among the authors of widely cited studies debunking a link between vaccines and autism. [6] In apparent defiance of Thompson's subpoena, Frieden stated 'Dr. William Thompson's deposition testimony would not substantially promote the objectives of CDC or HHS [Health and Human Services].' Since when does one's boss have the power to override a congressional subpoena, no less with an agency protecting motive at the expense of the public's benefit? 
The CDC fraud story is detailed in movie VAXXED , now available for rent or purchase at Amazon.com. 
Bad as all this is, it's merely a piece of the globalist agenda as detailed in such things as the U.N. Agenda 21 and 2030, the Codex Alimentarius (the world food code which will take away food and nutrient supplements rights), and the TPP (Trans Pacific Partnership) for which we are systematically destroying our national sovereignty. While NAFTA and CAFTA seem to have started this destruction of the U.S. most recently, President Obama handed over the Internet (U.S. created and taxpayer funded) to the U.N. for no apparent reason, and then, as mentioned previously, said Americans should give up some freedoms for increased security. (Heard at approximately 37:50): 
I personally prefer Patrick Henry's 'Give me liberty or give me death!' 
We're giving billions of dollars to the U.N. for the Global Warming initiative. Is this money well spent, when funds are needed for our country's internal problems including the restoration of our crumbling infrastructure? 
Besides shipping out billions of dollars, Obama's attempt to blame cyclical global 'Lukewarming' [7] as man-made”rather than nature-made in order to impose a carbon tax”is another of his many 'grind America down' behaviors, as is his open border policy to flood America with illegal aliens and drug runners, and to destroy American culture with hundreds of thousands of Muslim refugees in service of his stated plan to reform America. In my view, this behavior along with flouting the Constitution and subordinating the U.S. to the U.N. clearly establishes Obama and his associates as engaging in treasonous behavior . Judge Janine says the Obama administration has acted treasonously (at 0:24) 
Obama has expressed a desire to become the Secretary General of the U.N. after leaving office so he can apparently further promote his globalist, one-world goals. Such efforts will only lead us down a path of more unconstitutional bureaucratic control, which is the very thing Brexit is a reaction to, and which I believe will eventually lead to destruction, or major reform, of the European Union. Brexit represents a turning away from the centralized control of totalitarianism”a good thing, I say! With Hillary as president an expansion of globalism and disintegration of U.S. sovereignty is guaranteed, so you can kiss the American Dream goodbye. 
I loved the insights from the following shows.

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
On the October 27, 2016 Fox News Special Report Brett Baier digs deep into the latest Wikileaks release. It's clear two of Hillary Clinton's top aides were left completely in the dark about the email server. There is evidence of Bill Clinton lining his pockets. 
Baier also takes a look at Donald Trump's claims of voter fraud in Florida. SF Source The Right Wing Conspiracy Oct. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Brandon Smith “ When people unfamiliar with the liberty movement stumble onto the undeniable fact of the 'conspiracy' of globalism they tend to look for easy answers to understand what it is and why it exists. Most people today have been conditioned to perceive events from a misinterpreted standpoint of 'Occam's Razor' ” they wrongly assume that the simplest explanation is probably the right one. 
In fact, this is not what Occam's Razor states. Instead, to summarize, it states that the simplest explanation GIVEN THE EVIDENCE at hand is probably the right explanation. 
It has been well known and documented for decades that the push for globalism is a deliberate and focused effort on the part of a select 'elite;' international financiers, central bankers, political leaders and the numerous members of exclusive think tanks. They often openly admit their goals for total globalization in their own publications, perhaps believing that the uneducated commoners would never read them anyway. Carroll Quigley, mentor to Bill Clinton and member of the Council on Foreign Relations, is often quoted with open admissions to the general scheme: 'The powers of financial capitalism had (a) far-reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of the systems was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland; a private bank owned and controlled by the world's central banks which were themselves private corporations. Each central bank¦ sought to dominate its government by its ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the level of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world.' “ Carroll Quigley, Tragedy And Hope 
The people behind the effort to enforce globalism are tied together by a particular ideology, perhaps even a cult-like religion, in which they envision a world order as described in Plato's Republic. They believe that they are 'chosen' either by fate, destiny or genetics to rule as philosopher kings over the rest of us. They believe that they are the wisest and most capable that humanity has to offer, and that through evolutionary means, they can create chaos and order out of thin air and mold society at will. 
This mentality is evident in the systems that they build and exploit. For example, central banking in general is nothing more than a mechanism for driving nations into debt, currency devaluation, and ultimately, enslavement through widespread economic extortion. The end game for central banks is, I believe, the triggering of historic financial crisis, which can then be used by the elites as leverage to promote complete global centralization as the only viable solution. 
This process of destabilizing economies and societies is not directed by the heads of the various central banks. Instead, it is directed by even more central global institutions like the International Monetary Fund and the Bank for International Settlements, as outlined in revealing mainstream articles like Ruling The World Of Money published by Harpers Magazine. 
We also find through the words of globalists that the campaign for a 'new world order' is not meant to be voluntary. '¦ When the struggle seems to be drifting definitely towards a world social democracy, there may still be very great delays and disappointments before it becomes an efficient and beneficent world system. Countless people ¦ will hate the new world order ¦ and will die protesting against it. When we attempt to evaluate its promise, we have to bear in mind the distress of a generation or so of malcontents, many of them quite gallant and graceful-looking people.' “ HG Welles, Fabian Socialist and author of The New World Order 'In short, the 'house of world order' will have to be built from the bottom up rather than f rom the top down. It will look like a great 'booming, buzzing confusion,' to use William James' famous description of reality, but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault.' “ Richard Gardner, member of the Trilateral Commission, published in the April, 1974 issue of Foreign Affairs 
'The New World Order cannot happen without U.S. participation, as we are the single most significant component. Yes, there will be a New World Order, and it will force the United States to change its perceptions.' “ Henry Kissinger, World Action Council, April 19, 1994 
I could quote globalists all day long, but I think you get the general idea. While some people see globalism as a 'natural offshoot' of free markets or the inevitable outcome of economic progress, the reality is that the simplest explanation (given the evidence at hand) is that globalism is an outright war waged against the ideal of sovereign peoples and nations. It is a guerrilla war, or fourth generation warfare, waged by a small group of elites against the rest of us. 
A significant element of this war concerns the nature of borders. Borders of nations, states and even towns and villages, are not just lines on a map or invisible barriers in the dirt. This is what the elites and the mainstream media would like us to believe. Instead, borders when applied correctly represent principles; or at least, that is supposed to be their function. 
Human beings are natural community builders; we are constantly seeking out others of like-mind and like-purpose because we understand subconsciously that groups of individuals working together can (often but not always) accomplish more. That said, human beings also have a natural tendency to value individual freedom and the right to voluntary association. We do not like to be forced to associate with people or groups that do not hold similar values. 
Cultures erect borders because, frankly, people have the right to vet those who wish to join and participate in their endeavors. People also have a right to discriminate against anyone who does not share their core values; or, in other words, we have the right to refuse association with other groups and ideologies that are destructive to our own. 
Interestingly, globalists and their mouthpieces will argue that by refusing to associate with those who might undermine our values, it is WE who are violating THEIR rights. See how that works? 
Globalists exploit the word 'isolationism' to shame sovereignty champions in the eyes of the public, but there is no shame in isolation when such principles as freedom of speech and expression or the right to self defense are on the line. There is also nothing wrong with isolating a prosperous economic model from unsuccessful economic models. Forcing a decentralized free market economy to adopt feudal administration through central banking and government will eventually destroy that model. Forcing a free market economy into fiscal interdependency with socialist economies will also most likely undermine that culture. Just as importing millions of people with differing values to feed on a nation after it has had socialism thrust upon it is a recipe for collapse. 
The point is, some values and social structures are mutually exclusive; no matter how hard you try, certain cultures can never be homogenized with other cultures. You can only eliminate one culture to make room for the other in a border-less world. This is what globalists seek to achieve. It is the greater purpose behind open border policies and globalization “ to annihilate ideological competition so that humanity thinks it has no other option but the elitist religion. The ultimate end game of globalists is not to control governments (governments are nothing more than a tool). Rather, their end game is to obtain total psychological influence and eventually consent from the masses. 
Variety and choice have to be removed from our environment in order for globalism to work, which is a nice way to say that many people will have to die and many principles will have to be erased from the public consciousness. The elites assert that their concept of a single world culture is the pinnacle principle of mankind, and that there is no longer any need for borders because no other principle is superior to theirs. As long as borders as a concept continue to exist there is always the chance of separate and different ideals rising to compete with the globalist philosophy. This is unacceptable to the elites. 
This has led not so subtle propaganda meme that cultures that value sovereignty over globalism are somehow seething cauldrons of potential evil. Today, with the rising tide of anti-globalist movements, the argument in the mainstream is that 'populists' (conservatives) are of a lower and uneducated class and are a dangerous element set to topple the 'peace and prosperity' afforded by globalist hands. In other words, we are treated like children scrawling with our finger paints across a finely crafted Mona Lisa. Once again, Carroll Quigley promotes (or predicts) this propaganda decades in advance when he discusses the need for 'working within the system' for change instead of fighting against it: 'For example, I've talked about the lower middle class as the backbone of fascism in the future. I think this may happen. The party members of the Nazi Party in Germany were consistently lower middle class. I think that the right-wing movements in this country are pretty generally in this group.' “ Carroll Quigley, from Dissent: Do We Need It? 
The problem is that these people refuse to confront the fruits of globalization that can be observed so far. Globalists have had free reign over most of the world's governments for at least a century, if not longer. As a consequence of their influences, we have had two World Wars, the Great Depression, the Great Recession which is still ongoing, too many regional conflicts and genocides to count and the systematic oppression of free agent entrepreneurs, inventors and ideas to the point that we are now suffering from social and financial stagnation. 
The globalists have long been in power, yet, the existence of borders is blamed for the storm of crises we have endured for the past hundred years? Liberty champions are called 'deplorable' populists and fascists while globalists dodge blame like slimy slithering eels? 
This is the best card the globalists have up their sleeve, and it is the reason why I continue to argue that they plan to allow conservative movements to gain a measure of political power in the next year, only to pull the plug on international fiscal life support and blame us for the resulting tragedy. 
There is no modicum of evidence to support the notion that globalization, interdependencey and centralization actually work. One need only examine the economic and immigration nightmare present in the EU to understand this. So, the globalists will now argue that the world is actually not centralized ENOUGH. That's right; they will claim we need more globalization, not less, to solve the world's ailments. 
In the meantime, principles of sovereignty have to be historically demonized ” the concept of separate cultures built on separate beliefs has to be psychologically equated with evil by future generations. Otherwise, the globalists will never be able to successfully establish a global system without borders. 
Imagine, for a moment, an era not far away in which the principle of sovereignty is considered so abhorrent, so racist, so violent and poisonous that any individual would be shamed or even punished by the collective for entertaining the notion. Imagine a world in which sovereignty and conservatism are held up to the next generation as the new 'original sins;' dangerous ideas that almost brought about the extinction of man. 
This mental prison is where globalists want to take us. We can break free, but this would require a complete reversal of the way in which we participate in society. Meaning, we need a rebellion of voluntary associations. A push for decentralization instead of globalization. Thousands upon thousands of voluntary groups focusing on localization, self reliance and true production. We must act to build a system that is based on redundancy instead of fragile interdependencey. We need to go back to an age of many borders, not less borders, until every individual is himself free to participate in whatever social group or endeavor he believes is best for him, as well as free to defend against people that seek to sabotage him; a voluntary tribal society devoid of forced associations. 
Of course, this effort would require unimaginable sacrifice and a fight that would probably last a generation. To suggest otherwise would be a lie. I can't possibly convince anyone that a potential future based on a hypothetical model is worth that sacrifice. I have no idea whether it is or is not. I can only point out that the globalist dominated world we live in today is clearly doomed. We can argue about what comes next after we have removed our heads from the guillotine. SF Source Alt_Market Oct. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Mike Adams “ It's time to break the cycle of complacency and servitude so that we can move humanity forward. We must move past the age of centralized government corruption and control. We must take responsibility for our lives and the repercussions of our actions. It's time for humanity to end the age of servitude and proclaim our independence from all the systems of manipulation, deceit and control that try to dominate our minds (the media, the government, false science, false social narratives, etc). 
In my newest documentary-style video, I reveal how we can all break the cycle of human complacency and servitude by raising our self-awareness about all the ways we are being systematically manipulated or deceived. Click here to watch the video 
From the video: ' One of the hardest things in the world is to introduce someone to the real world they've never seen. Because they've never lived in it. They've lived in a fictional construct inside their own head. They've been swimming in fictional delusions and belief systems and cultural narratives that simply aren't true. And yet they think that's reality .' 
Learn how to question your beliefs, question your senses and preempt the social engineering mechanisms that have turned your brain into a puppet of the corrupt establishment. 
Please share. Thank you. SF Source Natural News Oct. 2016

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
SGT Report “ FBI Director James Comey has caved to the pressure of public opinion, new email evidence from Wikileaks, and from his own outraged employees at the FBI, and he has re-opened the CRIMINAL investigation of Hilary Clinton. With less than two weeks until the election it would seem that Hilary is more likely to enter a prison cell than the Oval office. SF Source SGTreport.com Oct. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
John P. Warren “ Can anyone doubt Donald J. Trump may well become our first Independent POTUS? Conservatives disdain him and all that he stands for, and Progressives of all stripes deplore him and the basket of his supporters. The establishment disavows him. So who will elect him? Â· The Blue Dog Coalition ”represents conservative Democrats who have tired of identity politics, empty promises to working people, destruction of their mores, and the rampant corruption amongst top Dems. Â· Mainstream Republicans ”are all over the map in their beliefs about religion, sexual identity, abortion, gun rights, and immigration, but they are fed up with the take-no-prisoners approach by extremists in their party. Despite putdowns to the contrary, they cross social, wealth, and educational boundaries. Â· Indies ”comprise the big chunk smack in the middle who, like ordinary Republicans, eschew the extreme positions, are willing to compromise, even on sensitive and personal issues, but want something done about immigration and the gaps in job opportunities, education, and wealth. Indies hate corruption more than bad social behavior. 
These groups are angry about the banana republic culture of progressive Democrats. They know that for all his personal foibles, Donald Trump is right: the system is rigged against an outlier. That's not to suggest there's a group of elites arranging things to their liking with a few string-pulls. 
It's the system of two major party establishments encrusted with the principles of their in-house philosophical tyrants. It's a society in which progressives infest our educational system, Hollywood and the entertainment industry, and the grossly mis-named mainstream media crowd. It's a federal government no longer a traffic cop protecting our rights, but rather, but another tool corrupted for the progressive political agenda. Trump's constituencies know that anyone running outside permitted boundaries has had no chance of success. 
Until now. Until Donald J. Trump. He's the outlier. The underdog tired of being kicked around. Despite myriad splinters this particular example of presidential timber, Trump has beat all the odds, and from this vantage point of over a week out, November 8 looks to be more than a squeaker in his favor. 
Unless, of course, the election itself is stolen by Democrats so desperate to keep hidden their secrets. Is it possible to commit vote fraud? Most definitely. It's not about people registered in both Ohio and Florida, whole cemeteries or ex-residents of state pens going to the polls. That has happened and will happen again, but unless there's a massive number of people moving a massive amount of votes in exactly the right locales, the national election should remain relatively immune from such shenanigans. 
Also, defective voting machines have always been with us, so it's up to each citizen to pay close attention to what happens before pulling the lever. What they can't see, however, is the invisible third party electronically camped between county election offices and their respective state capitols flipping votes a few thousand here and there. If THAT happens, we will not keep the republic Ben Franklin and the Founders gave us. For this discussion, however, let's hope that's not the case. 
If Hillary Clinton is 'elected,' her administration will be dogged by journalistic and other investigators digging deeper into the pile of political offal that represents the mass of Clinton pay-to-play activities. And if the FBI 'gets religion' this time around, that cancer will not be curable. 
If Trump, surviving every barrage, pushes through to electoral victory, November 8 th is one hurdle, but there remain others before Inauguration Day. If possible”despite Hillary's oh-so-pious promises to the contrary”progressives will challenge the vote everywhere they can. Assuming those challenges come to naught, the next hurdle is the vote by the Electoral College itself. 
Currently, there are 538 electors (for 435 representatives, 100 senators, and three allotted to Washington, DC). Except for Maine and Nebraska, which awards its electoral votes by congressional district, the other forty-eight are winner-take-all. Electors are usually chosen by each political party, and most often, they are true to the pledge they have given. 
Yet, in this year of all years, when Trump is not a Republican's Republican, and Democrats will not be shy about dirty tricks, it's the issue of faithfulness that matters. Only 24 states have laws to punish faithless electors”those who cast a vote for other than the person to whom they are pledged, so the potential for faithless electors in the other 26 states and DC is greater than ever before. 
Faithless electors aside, they will meet in their respective state capitals on the Monday after the second Wednesday in December”this year, December 19 th , and ordinarily, the process should be little more than a formality required by the Constitution. 
Then, there's the Twelfth Amendment requiring Congress to convene in joint session on January 6, 2017. There, the newly installed House of Representatives declares the winner of the election. The kicker is that if one member of each house, in writing, objects to the vote count of a state, the entire assemblage, after separate debate in their respective chambers, decides whether to accept or reject the objection. It's easy to imagine, how in this particular election, the process might be manipulated by a Bernie Sanders or an Elizabeth Warren. 
Trump's last hurdle will be to disabuse the fears of many Americans so heavily stoked by those arrayed against him, and then bring together all but die-hard progressives in rebuilding America as the last best hope of humanity on this planet. It's a daunting task, but Donald Trump is the only candidate with the political cojones to get it done. 
So, let's get 'er done! SF Source Townhall Oct. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Karl Denninger “ There are some 'five figures' of emails on a laptop that was seized from Weiner as part of a sexting minors across state lines investigation (which, I remind you, if it happened is a felony.) 
Huma is married to (but now estranged from) Weiner. 
The laptop belonged to Weiner. 
Huma claims 'she doesn't know' how the emails got there and that she wasn't a 'regular user' of said laptop. 
All of this is very important for several reasons: 
1. Everyone involved in the original email investigation said that no other devices on which such material would be found existed. That is, they all stated under penalty of perjury and under oath that they had turned over all such devices they had possession of and access to. 
2. If any of those emails are classified then there is a separate and distinct offense involved from any original offense because said device was not in any way authorized to have such material on it, was not under control of the State Department (either directly or by proxy), was not managed under same and in fact it was claimed to not exist by everyone who testified they had turned over all devices on which such material did exist. 
3. At no time had Weiner been given classified access by the State Department or any agency clearing people to work with Hillary's information; while he was at one point a Congressman (until 2011) since that time he has been a private citizen and, it appears, had no legitimate clearance of any sort whatsoever. While he probably can't be prosecuted for that anyone involved in placing it there sure as hell can be and ought to be! 
4. Making the issue far more serious Weiner has been involved in multiple sexual escapades and the current investigation involves potential federal criminal sexual conduct. This makes the presence of such material even more troublesome because one of the primary reasons to restrict classified information and why persons who receive clearances are vetted before clearances are granted is that conduct such as this exposes the person who commits such acts to blackmail as a means of compelling them to release said information to our nation's enemies! 
There are people raising hell about the FBI 'releasing' this information 10 days before an election. The better question is why the people who clearly lied about turning over everything in the original investigation are not at this instant under arrest for both perjury and obstruction of justice, including but not limited to Huma and Hillary herself! 
That Lynch apparently tried to run interference and block release of this information and so far has refused to issue a warrant for the data, if reports are to be believed, is even more outrageous as that refusal implicates not only herself in attempting to cover up a criminal act but probably implicates Obama as well. Oh by the way, if the device was seized pursuant to a lawful warrant (and it almost certainly either was or was voluntarily turned over by Weiner) and the original search was for 'evidence related to sexting' then anything in a place or device that could reasonably hold evidence of said sexting is fair game if found by accident, so Lynch is out of luck here. 
Yes, it is outrageous that the FBI was basically backed into a corner and forced to put this out in the public, but consider their position. There are probably a whole bunch of people in both the FBI and the NYPD who know about this; they were investigating what they believed was nothing more than a pervert trading dick pics with a 15 year old girl in North Carolina and none of them were in any way expecting to find, nor were they cleared to investigate and have access to classified information generated from the Secretary of State . 
Yet that's what they found and it didn't happen by random chance ” it happened due to the intentional acts of concealment of those in the Hillary camp including her top personal aide . 
What are the odds this stays quiet? Zero ! 
And before you get on the FBI for this realize that this is almost-exactly like them looking at William Jefferson a number of years ago and stumbling on nearly $100,000 of 'cold hard cash' ” literally ” in his freezer. 
That stayed 'secret' for about an hour and so would have this. 
HILLARY AND HUMA FOR HANDCUFFS ” NOW!

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Hilarion “ As you endeavor to stay in equilibrium and balance during these days with all that is occurring within your sphere of resonance, you are finding that the intensified energies are having their effect, not only within your own system but in all those who are in your sphere of influence. The duality energies are rampant and it is important to remember your purpose for holding the Light during these times. 
It is very easy for you who are sensitive to the energies around you to understand that the feelings that you have been experiencing are mainly those that are being experienced at the collective consciousness level. There is much fear and doubt that is rampant at these times “ remember this “ and re-center and refocus on that which you are and that which you stand for. 
Stay true to yourself, so far you have not been led astray; you have maintained your position and stayed within your core center. As the energies ramp up to an even greater degree in the coming days, it is important to take time to experience that which brings you joy, laughter, peace, and inspiration personally. 
It is important to focus on these things; to take time away from your Earthly duties and concerns often and take a break by going out in nature and doing things that you usually put off until another day, those things that nurture you and replenish your own energy. This is what is needed for you to be focusing on. Feel the joy, laugh often, laugh loudly, there is so much beauty around you “ it fills every place and space in your environment “ look for it and enjoy it! 
Embody that energy within your being after this break, for it is then possible for you to make an informed and clear decision as to your next move. As this year draws to an end, it is the time for completion of all that you set out to do in previous years, the time of the completion of all goals, projects and intentions that you set out to accomplish. This is an alignment in preparation for the new cycle that begins in 2017 for it is a new nine year cycle. This is the time to finish up and complete all that needs completing so that you can start fresh. 
It is within the realm of possibility to completely recreate yourself in the new cycle; how you present yourself to the world, how you speak, think and feel. It does not require the approval of others, it is something that is in your own interest “ not selfish interest, but an acknowledging that there is a new cycle that is looming on the horizon so that you can be in a position to take advantage of all the energies of those times and this is very appropriate. 
The energy of the world around you is changing moment by moment and it is hard to maintain your intentions and focus but it is possible to do it. You have all the tools and the knowledge that you need to stay true to yourself, to stay aligned with the higher aspects of yourself. No matter what occurs in the world around you, you know within yourself that all is well and always has been. The world goes round and round, much is the same as it was, that which has true meaning and value continues and opens up to you and this is the area where you should focus and concentrate. 
Reconnect to the love that resides within your heart and open your heart as wide as you can possibly do so in each moment. The world needs your love, the world needs your calming and soothing presence and this is an important aspect of your work upon this planet. We are with you and abide beside each one of you as you go about your daily activities. We prompt you to take those breaks when necessary and during these tumultuous times it is important to take more breaks, they do not have to be of long duration, just so that you feel renewed and restored within the center of your being. 
Send healing Light, love and energy to those areas of the world that are experiencing Earth changes that are not happy ones at the moment. These changes bring a gathering together of those peoples so that they work in concert and in harmony with each other as they realize the important values in their lives, that of cooperation, communication, and unity “ these are the important values that will be retained as different areas of the worlds peoples experience coming happenings. 
As all of humanity moves into the unknown, there is a gathering together of like minds and this brings harmonious and peaceful results throughout the world. Everyone gathers around those in need and gives of their help and assistance, their love and energies and this all is for the highest good of everyone upon the planet. 
We counsel you that all the answers that you are seeking, the truth that you are seeking about any given subject, is always contained and available within yourselves. Know this and align with your higher aspects, with the purity that lies within the core of your Divine essence. There you will always be in harmony with All That Is. Know this and stay strong and focused, know that all is well, the universe turns, the Earth turns and all is as it should be. 
All that needs to be changed is in the process of that change and therefore things can seem pretty intense. All these changes need to take place, we have known this for many, many decades and now, we are in the midst of that change. Have faith that all is as it should be and that you will come out at the end of all this change with joy, peace and happiness to a new way and a new beginning filled with all that is right and good and decent in your world and the world at large. You are loved, you have always been loved. It is now time to shine that love, to radiate it out to others who are so in need of it during these times. 
Until next week¦

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Melissa Dykes “ The oligarchy runs our society with Problem “ Reaction “ Solution. 
We all knew our government was disgustingly corrupt¦ but now it's blatantly in-your-face written proof disgustingly corrupt at a time when most of us didn't think it could get much worse. 

If anything, these leaks have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that the two-party system is an illusion and the whole construct is one huge pay-for-play corporate sham. Obamacare was always meant to destroy the private health care system and usher in single-payer, government run socialist medicine. It was designed that way¦ and it's 'working'. 
Aaron Dykes and Melissa Melton created Truthstream Media.com as an outlet to examine the news, place it in a broader context, uncover the deceptions, pierce through the fabric of illusions, grasp the underlying factors, know the real enemy, unshackle from the system, and begin to imagine the path towards taking back our lives, one step at a time, so that one day we might truly be free¦ 
SF Source The Daily Sheeple Oct 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply Charles Hugh Smith “ Correspondent Bart D. (Australia) captured the entire global economy in three words: The Landfill Economy. Stuff is manufactured, energy is consumed shipping it somewhere, consumers buy it and shortly thereafter it ends up as garbage in the landfill. This is of course the definition of 'economic growth': waste, inefficiency, environmental destruction“none of these matter. Only two things matter: maximize 'growth' by any means necessary, and maximize profits by any means necessary. The Landfill Economy now encompasses the entire planet. The swirling gyre of plastic trash the size of Texas between Hawaii and California: it's just one modest example of the planetary trash dump that 'growth' and profit generate as byproducts/blowback. The planet's oceans are one giant trash dump. Everything from plastic water bottles to abandoned fishing nets to radiation to containers that fell off ships is floating around even the most distant corners of the seas. Seabirds nesting in remote islands die of starvation as their guts fill with plastic bits of 'permanent growth.' Globalization has turned the planet's land masses and rivers into trash dumps.Want to make a quick profit along a tropical sea coast? Dig some big holes near the coast, dump in baby prawns, food and chemicals to suppress algae blooms and diseases and then harvest the prawns to ship to the insatiable markets of the developed world. Once the prawn farms are poisoned wastelands, move on and despoil another coastline elsewhere. Globalization has greased the slippery slope from factory to landfill by enabling the global distribution of defective parts. Whether they are pirated, designed to fail or just the result of slipshod quality control, the flood of defective parts guarantee that the entire assembly they are installed in“stoves, vacuum cleaners, transmissions, electronics, you name it“will soon fail and be shipped directly to the landfill, as repairing stuff is far costlier than buying a new replacement. QE/ZIRP Is Crushing the Global Supply Chain, Product Quality and Profits (October 17, 2016) The Keynesian Cargo Cults that rule global economics love The Landfill Economy because it means more 'growth'. Never mind the poisoned seas, rivers and land, or the immense waste of energy, commodities and labor that result from the global manufacture and distribution of shoddy products: if it adds to 'growth,' it's all good in the warped view of the Keynesian Cargo Cults. We got your 'growth' right here. People are also tossed on the trash heap with careless abandon. The health of workers is a cost that reduces profits, so it's ignored unless it can be turned into a profit center via state funding for managing preventable diseases, i.e. sickcare. A worker sickened by industrial waste or lifestyle illnesses who becomes a profit center is a wonderful source of 'growth' and profits. A worker who can't generate a corporation or state a profit is dumped on the trash heap as a matter of routine. A worker who can't generate somebody a profit or 'growth' by taking on more debt to spend spend spend is worthless. If a robot or software can do the same work, then it is self-destructive for an enterprise to pay a human worker: if profits fall, Wall Street will crucify the enterprise and competitors will eat it alive. This 'maximizing growth and profits is the highest good' mode of production is insane. It doesn't have to rule the world. As I outline in my book A Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology & Creating Jobs for All , other more efficient, sustainable and humane modes of production are within reach if we escape from the global grip of the destructive 'growth by any means' cult. Charles Smith is a Contributing Writer for Shift Frequency SF Source Of Two Minds Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Hundreds of news clips, declassified documents, and evidence demonstrating the establishment media's propaganda campaign against conspiracy theories and the truth. A Documentary Film by Adam Green SF Source Know More News Oct. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply The second video on this post is very important “ g 
Black Box Voting , founded in 2003, performs nonpartisan investigative reporting on elections in an attempt to stop vote rigging. 
You may be wondering what the term 'black box' means. A 'black box' system is non-transparent; its functions are hidden from the public. Elections, of course, should not be black box systems. 
Here is a link to a free copy of the book, Black Box Voting HERE . 
Author Bev Harris became known for groundbreaking work on electronic voting machines, which can remove transparency of the vote count. 
With voting machines, all political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors: SF Source InfoWars Oct. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Michael Snyder “ Donald Trump has all the momentum now. Will it be enough to propel him to victory on election day? Trump's poll numbers were improving even before we learned that the FBI had renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, and the new survey results that came out over the weekend and on Monday make it clear that Clinton's 'certain victory' is not so certain after all. Unless something changes, Americans are going to go to the polls on November 8th with an FBI criminal investigation hanging over the Clinton campaign like an ominous cloud, and that is very good news for Trump. 
The Clinton campaign was hoping that this renewed investigation would not 'move the needle', but unfortunately for them that appears not to be the case. Hillary's unfavorable rating just hit an all-time high , a whopping 45 percent of all Americans believe that this scandal is 'worse than Watergate', and a Rasmussen survey has found that 40 percent of all undecided voters that are leaning toward voting for Hillary Clinton are still open to changing their minds before election day. 
And even before this story broke on Friday, Clinton was having a difficult time getting her voters to the polls. According to the New York Times , early voting among young adults and African-American voters is significantly down compared to 2012, and those are demographic groups that Clinton desperately needs to turn out in large numbers. 
But of course the key to winning the election is getting to 270 electoral votes, and poll numbers appear to be shifting in the key swing states that Trump and Clinton both desperately need. For a moment, I would like to examine what the numbers currently look like in some of the most important states¦ 
Florida 
Without Florida, Donald Trump has absolutely no chance of winning. This is something that even the Trump campaign has admitted. That is why it was so alarming that most of the polls in October had Hillary Clinton leading in the state. 
Fortunately for Trump, a new survey that was conducted on Sunday shows him leading in Florida by four points . 
Georgia 
Georgia wasn't supposed to be a problem. Georgia has traditionally been a deep red state, but polling throughout this election season had shown a very tight race. This had Republicans deeply concerned and the Clinton camp very happy. 
But now the momentum has seemingly shifted and the latest poll has Trump up by seven points . 
North Carolina 
Mitt Romney won North Carolina in 2012, and Donald Trump very much needs to win it if he hopes to be triumphant on November 8th. Hillary Clinton was shown to be leading in the eight most recent polls before the email story broke, but in the first major survey conducted afterwards she is now down by two points . 
Ohio 
No Republican has ever won the presidency without Ohio, and Trump knows how important it is to his chances. The three most recent polls conducted before the FBI renewed the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails all showed a tie, but now the very first survey conducted afterwards shows Trump up by five points . 
Colorado 
Hillary Clinton has consistently been in the lead in Colorado throughout this campaign, and most experts didn't give Trump much of a chance in the state, but the latest survey shows that Clinton's lead has been whittled down to just one point . 
Arizona 
A survey that was conducted in mid-October showed Clinton having a five point lead in John McCain's home state, but now the latest major poll has Trump up by two points . 
Nevada 
One of the most important swing states out west is Nevada, and most surveys showed Hillary Clinton with a strong lead throughout the month of October. Unfortunately for her, a poll that was conducted on Sunday shows Donald Trump with a four point lead . 
Clearly Trump has the momentum at this point, and it will be very interesting to see how the numbers change over the next few days. 
And as we learn more about what is in these newly discovered emails, will her fellow Democrats stick with her? Already, some are publicly wavering. The following example comes from WND ¦ Longtime Clinton confidante and former Democratic pollster Doug Schoen told Fox News the newly renewed FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server is forcing him to 'reassess' his support for the Democratic nominee for president. Schoen, a Fox News contributor, made the comments to host Harris Faulkner during a live television appearance Sunday night on 'Fox Report Weekend.' 
Public opinion is shifting quickly, but the bad news for Trump is that more than 23 million Americans have already voted. So millions upon millions of Americans cast their votes before they even learned of this new FBI investigation. If the race is very close, that could end up making the difference. 
And of course the race could dramatically change once again if the FBI comes to some sort of resolution about these new emails prior to November 8th. On Monday, CNN reported that a resolution before election day did not appear to be likely¦ FBI officials are unlikely to finish their review of new emails potentially related to its investigation into Hillary Clinton's private server before the November 8 election. The initial work of cataloging top Clinton aide Huma Abedin's emails found on her estranged husband Anthony Weiner's laptop could be done in the next few days, US law enforcement officials told CNN. But the investigators are expected to spend more time doing other work, including likely working with other federal agencies to determine what ” if any ” classified materials are in the emails. This makes it unlikely there will be a resolution prior to the election. 
However, late on Monday evening the Drudge Report reported that the L.A. Times has learned that investigators may have a 'preliminary assessment' completed 'in coming days'¦ 
LA TIMES TUESDAY: FBI Investigators had planned to conduct new email review over several weeks. It now hopes to complete 'preliminary assessment' in coming days, but agency officials have not decided how, or whether, they will disclose results publicly¦ Developing¦ 
Whether good or bad, I do believe that the American people deserve to hear something conclusive about these emails before November 8th. 
If nothing is found to implicate Clinton, the American people should be told that. 
And if evidence of very serious crimes is discovered, there is no way in the world that should be held back until after the election. 
Even if it throws the election into complete and utter chaos , the American people deserve to know the truth. 
But will we get it? 
Stay tuned, because I think that this is going to be a crazy week. SF Source Economic Collapse blog Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
James Corbett “ FBI Director James Comey threw the 2016 presidential (s)election into (yet more) chaos by delivering an October surprise: the re-opening of the Clinton email investigation. Are the string-pullers abandoning Hillary? Or would they prefer a lame-duck president to be the face of the declining American empire? 
Is chaos part of the plan? Today we talk to Michel Chossudovsky of GlobalResearch.ca about the Comey letter and its potential implications on the emerging world (dis)order.'] SF Source The Corbett Report Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply Charles Hugh Smith “ The parallels between Hillary Clinton and Richard Nixon are not legal“they are political: specifically, how can a leader crippled by scandal and cover-ups govern? In even blunter terms: how can a crippled politico deliver the goods to the special interests who bet their cash and political capital on the politico's ability to deliver favors? Among the many ghosts of Watergate, one specter especially haunts Hillary: once the special interests and party stalwarts who defended you through every scandal and every cover-up“month after month and year after year, on the promise that you would deliver the goods upon ascending to the presidency“realize you are too damaged to deliver anything of value to anyone, why would they continue supporting you? Once a politico has to declare 'I am not a crook' based on legalese rather than a moral foundation, that politico's ability to lead has vanished. Hillary and her supporters rely entirely on legalese parsing of wrong-doing rather than on a self-explanatory, basic moral foundation of right and wrong. Declaring 'I am not a crook' because the wrongdoing escapes prosecution is the same as declaring 'I am above the law.' If the foundation of one's ability to lead is a reliance on legal parsing and allies in the Department of Justice squashing investigations while handing out immunity like candy on Halloween, the political capital required to lead no longer exists. Ultimately, the President leads by moral suasion. Even the political act of delivering the goods to the special interests that funded your campaign and your wealth must be backed by the moral authority of personal integrity and a morally grounded appeal to the common good. A politician who has effectively zero personal integrity is only as viable as his/her ability to deliver favors to the few (i.e. special interests) over the objections of the many. A reliance on cold-blooded horse-trading only works if the leader has enough political capital to arm-twist everyone into granting favors to allies and special interests. But this political capital rests on moral suasion and support earned not by issuing promises but by leading the nation through thorny thickets to solutions that work for the many, not just the few. Once the ability to lead has been lost, special interests can forget about getting favors. And once they realize their politico is a liability rather than an asset, self-preservation requires abandoning the liability as quickly as possible. It's nothing personal, it's just business. Anyone who thinks Hillary has the personal integrity to build sufficient political capital to lead is delusional. Anyone who believes Hillary has the moral foundation to deliver the goods to the myriad special interests that have funded her campaign and her personal wealth is equally delusional. Are Goldman Sachs et al. delusional? If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds. Charles Smith is a Contributing Writer for Shift Frequency SF Source Of Two Minds  

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Bill Still “ Good evening, I'm still reporting on an ongoing counter-coup being run by patriotic members of 17 U.S. intelligence agencies to stop the Clinton Crime syndicate from proceeding with the rigging of the coming election. 
According to a 4 minute video, done by Dr. Steve Pieczenik, a Harvard and MIT-educated psychiatrist who has written 26 New York Times Best Sellers, the Clinton coup has been put down by an intelligence community counter-coup, effective at noon today. 
Dr. Pieczenik has great contacts in the American intelligence community. He put the following video up on his YouTube channel at noon today and says that the channel was down twenty minutes later. 
Currently, that channel is up, so perhaps our channel will not be harmed. 
I believe what you are about to see is true because of the nature of the recent WikiLeaks revelations. To me, hackers could not have done this. To me, white hats at NSA had to have been involved. 
Having spent my adult life working around the community, I knew that folks who were at most of these agencies “ exempting DHS and CIA “ are American patriots who would not allow this nation to be destroyed by the Clinton Crime Syndicate. 
[insert] 
This may well be the reason President Obama yesterday had his press secretary praise the work of Jim Comey, head of the FBI, at the very moment that Hillary Clinton was speaking in Florida deriding Comey. Let us all pray that Comey has actually turned away from being subservient to Obama and the Clintons and has now joined forces with the vast majority of the American military/intelligence community and Obama has decided “ for his own preservation “ to not fight them. I'm still reporting from Washington; good evening. 
Bill Still is a former newspaper editor and publisher. He has written for USA Today, The Saturday Evening Post, the Los Angeles Times Syndicate, OMNI magazine, and has also produced the syndicated radio program, Health News. He has written 22 books and two documentary videos and is the host of his wildly popular daily YouTube Channel the 'Still Report', the quintessential report on the economy and Washington. Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Mike Adams “ My fellow Americans, we are watching history unfold before us with such sound and fury that we are likely to never witness comparable events again in our lifetime. As of today, I am now convinced that the deep state has turned on Hillary Clinton and will unveil damning in the next few days that will end the Clintons' reign of terror over America and collapse her bid for the presidency. 
The mainstream media, of course, will never report this news for the simple reason that they are the propaganda arm of the criminal Clinton cartel. As such, they will lie to the public to the bitter end, even as the Clinton Titanic sinks with all of them on board (in deep, frigid waters, no less, with no more lifeboats to be found). 
The so-called 'deep state'” the powerful insiders who really run the intelligence services and inner layers of untouchable bureaucracy ” has decided Hillary Clinton is too damaged to defend any longer . Even if she were to win by stealing the election, she would be so mired in criminal investigations and political illegitimacy that she would rip the nation to shreds while fighting for her own political survival. 
It has now been decided, I believe, that Hillary Clinton will be taken out of power by releasing criminally damaging emails which have long been held by the NSA and FBI. This will likely happen before the coming weekend. Once that is accomplished, the next goal will be to wait for President Trump to take office, then destroy the U.S. economy through a controlled, global debt collapse so that Trump can be blamed for the near collapse of western economies. (Remember: The deep state isn't pro-Trump. They're still all about defending the establishment. But Hillary is one bridge too far for even the statists to stomach¦) 
Instead of allowing Hillary Clinton to take power and destroy America from the top, in other words, deep state power brokers have reverted to 'Plan B' which is to let Trump take the White House, then destroy America through the controlled demolition of its currency and economy. This is simpler than it sounds. Bringing down the debt pyramid of a nation carrying nearly $20 trillion in national debt isn't exactly rocket science. All they have to do is stand back and stop manipulating the markets and stop printing new money for a few months while raising interest rates. Monetary gravity will do the rest¦ 
In the mean time, Hillary Clinton and a long list of her co-conspirators are going to find themselves charged with obstruction of justice , lying under oath, destruction of evidence, conspiracy, corruption and other serious charges that will lead to serious prison time for many. 
The criminal racket of the Clintons is about to implode. The participants will be charged under the RICO Act for 'racketeering' activities, for which ample evidence already exists. A new video from Steve Pieczenik describes some of this 
In this video, intelligence insider Steve Pieczenik lays out how high-level intelligence insiders are now working in concert to 'reverse the Clinton coup' that's attempting to take over America and destroy it from within. 
Even if you don't believe Pieczenik ” and I fully realize he's controversial in his own way ” this short video is a very important 'must watch' explanation to know what people in the intelligence community are doing¦'we've initiated a counter-coup¦' 
The Clintons are going to go 'full murder' in a last ditch, desperate effort to save themselves 
Beware of what may yet unfold in the coming days. Like a cornered wild animal, the Clintons are extremely dangerous when they realize they have nothing to lose by going 'full murder' in an attempt to save themselves. 
I will not be surprised the least bit if bodies of people in high places start piling up over the next week. Watch for news reports of mysterious car crashes, swimming pool accidents or 'natural' deaths involving people like James Comey, who'd better have armed security personnel around him at all times. 
Look for desperate measures such as the Clintons attempting to blackmail Obama, Comey or anyone who they think might serve as leverage to save their own skins. We might also see desperate false flag attacks unfold in the next few days, although that's increasingly unlikely since it seems the Clintons are now on their own (they would need the assistance of Obama to pull off another Sandy Hook, you see). A deal has already been struck with Obama 
Most likely, deep state operatives have already struck a deal with Obama to avoid prosecuting him for his own serious crimes as long as he stays out of the way as Hillary Clinton's head is served up on a platter. This likely explains why Obama is now publicly saying he trusts Comey (and refuses to go to bat for Hillary). There's no love lost between Obama and the Clintons (remember 2008?). 
As all this is going down, the propaganda ministry of the Clinton regime ” CNN, NYT, Washington Post, etc. ” is going to explode into an all-out 'bat-s##t crazy' conspiracy theory phase where they blame the Russians, extraterrestrials, Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster for everything that's imploding around the Clintons. Mainstream media news reports are going to increasingly sound like sociopathic babble from crazy people grasping at whatever outlandish theories they can invoke. Maybe crop circles were created by the Russians as a secret code to Wikileaks and Donald Trump, eh? 
Meanwhile, conspiratorial operatives like George Stephanopoulos fully realize they are probably going to jail for collusion and sedition , so they have nothing left to lose by desperately trying to put Hillary in the White House via any means at their disposal, including totally faking negative news against Donald Trump (which is, of course, the entire news mission of CNN at this point, a disgraced propaganda network run by anti-American traitors). If the vote is stolen for Hillary Clinton, all hell breaks loose 
Should the globalist Soros operators manage to steal the vote, bribe the electoral voters or rig the black box voting machines sufficiently to place Hillary Clinton in the White House, all Hell breaks loose across America : ' The FBI goes into full indictment mode to push criminal charges for the Clinton criminal regime. ' Donald Trump launches a massive legal challenge to the election outcome, dispatching an army of lawyers to level a vast assortment of charges involving coordinated voter fraud, the rigging of voting machines, the attempted bribery of Electoral voters and so on. ' The U.S. military revs up its plans for an armed military coup to depose Clinton and restore democracy. This one should be especially entertaining to watch unfold if it gets activated¦ (and yes, YOU will beg for a short-term military dictatorship as long as they promise to depose Clinton and restore open, fair and free elections). ' Armed U.S. citizens prepare for a massive march on Washington to take back their democracy and restore a lawful society where the political elite don't get away with corruption, fraud and murder. Expect this march to be joined by police officers and federal law enforcement officials of all kinds. ' The NSA likely goes into 'full dump' mode to unleash every scrap of damning criminal evidence against Hillary Clinton. This will likely be joined by CIA assets who already have the goods on the Clintons and their 'Lolita Express' pedo joy rides. ' Wikileaks, Anonymous and every former NSA analyst goes into 'destroy the Clintons' mode and begins to hack and expose every last shred of email evidence ever possessed by the Clintons and anyone close to them. Anonymous alone has enough technical clout to accomplish this with little or no outside help. (I expect Kim Dotcom to be aiding this entire effort as well, as he rightly holds extreme hatred toward Hillary Clinton¦ as do we all, come to think of it.) ' The establishment Republicans in the U.S. Congress will, as usual, meekly surrender to the democrats, pulls down their britches and bend over to prepare to take it in the rear because that's what they do best when the going gets tough. Totally useless politicrats like John McCain can't get their pants around their ankles quickly enough when democrats start accusing them of something. These useless heaps of human baggage will be tossed out of Washington as the revolution unfolds, replaced with individuals who actually honor the U.S. Constitution (like Rep. Louie Gohmert). I root for all groups working to save America and expose the criminal politicians 
Bring out the marshmallows and weiners, folks: This is going to be the most bizarre campfire front row seat to U.S. history that anyone has witnessed in over 200 years. Try not to trip and 'face plant' into the flames as all this unfolds. It might be a smart idea to have some preparedness supplies at the ready, since no one really knows just how nasty this is all going to get. (And thank God Hillary doesn't have her fingers on the nuclear launch codes, or she'd probably launch them just to change the narrative¦) 
As for me, I'm with anybody who's trying to save America , restore democracy and throw the establishment criminals in prison. Like almost everybody else, I've had enough of the lies, the corruption, the media deceptions and the incessant blood sucking parasites in Washington D.C. who are too arrogant and stupid to realize just how much they're universally despised. The revolution is ON. Anonymous, Wikileaks, Project Veritas, the FBI and the NSA have all been activated. There's no stopping them now, and all the details of all the crimes of the Clintons are about to spill onto the stage of history, dirty deeds and all. 
Be warned, you are probably not psychologically prepared for the truth about what the Clintons really are. You will probably vomit. SF Source Natural News Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply ' Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. This is not a way of life at all in any true sense. Under the clouds of war, it is humanity hanging on a cross of iron. ' ~ President Dwight D. Eisenhower 
Catherine Austin Fitts “ We are experiencing an unprecedented disgorgement of documentation on the Clintons and various aspects of their enterprises “ from the Clinton Foundation to Hillary Clinton's campaign for the Presidency. 
It is worth noting that there appears to be a method to the madness. A variety of parties, including Project Veritas, Anonymous, and Wikileaks are systematically targeting Clinton's key lieutenants. This is the equivalent of taking out the pawns before going in to capture the queen. 
First we see DNC Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz taken out by leaks from Wikileaks. It remains to be seen as to whether this info hit cost a DNC staffer his life with a real 'hit.' 
Wasserman is replaced by CNN political analyst Donna Brazile as Interim Chair who has now been outed for sharing debate questions with Clinton. While CNN has disavowed Brazile, cheating on the debates does not appear to warrant a resignation as Interim Chair. Yet again, the week is young. Needless to say, the present value of Brazile's future income is nosediving badly as I write this. 
Wasserman and Brazile desperately need Clinton to win “ otherwise they're toast. 
Project Veritas has outed significant Democratic covert operations “ including related PACs overstepping what are supposed to be their legal authorities (marketing influence) and arranging for violent protesters at Trump rallies. By tying the lead covert operator directly to Obama and the White House (45 visits by Robert Creamer to Obama at the White House since 2008), there is no doubt a chill between the campaigns covert operations and the leadership, tying a lot of hands during the last two weeks of campaigning 
There there is Huma Abedin “ since 1996, Clinton closest aide and assistant. Abedin like numerous other Clinton allies now has a world of legal problems and liabilities from divorce court to criminal investigations of herself and Clinton. The press reports she is now being left behind by the campaign. It is going to be very hard for Huma to be entirely focused on the campaign. Instead she is going to be wondering about the 650,000 e-mails on Anthony Weiner's laptop, what's in them and how they got there. 
Then there is Campaign Chairman John Podesta who has been barraged daily by Wikileaks leaking of years of e-mail. It is now likely that no one wants to e-mail with him, not to mention the hard feelings created and his own potential legal problems, particularly if Clinton loses. 
Then there is attorney Cheryl Mills who has real reason to be concerned with her own legal position now that the e-mail investigation has been re-opened by the FBI. Just when she thought she had the team in the clear! 
DNC Chair, Campaign Chair, personal attorney, covert operations capacity, personal assistant “ all are compromised with six more days to go. 
Now come leaks that Clinton loyalist and campaign chief financial office Gary Gensler is being sidelined for the upper echelons of the Cabinet “ Larry Fink is in the lead for Secretary of Treasury. Given the risks that Gensler is taking with his personal fortune and reputation to manage the campaign finances, this is quite a kick. To be replaced by one of Wall Street's worst because he is too tough on Wall Street. Why should Gensler take any risk under the circumstances? 
It is a bad sign when insiders start competing for Cabinet posts before the campaign is won. 
Then there is the potential First Gentlemen “ Bill Clinton. Numerous reports are now spending lots of time digging into Clinton's relationship with convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. Now that the Democrats have made allegations of sexual harassment an approved tactic, Clinton is fair game. It is only a matter of time and effort before more dishes out on Clinton at a time when most men are thinking about their legacy. 
Daughter Chelsea has been pulled in as well with e-mails about the Foundation's operations designed to create bad feelings between Chelsea and the staff. Given the millions spent on Chelsea's wedding while the Haitian people were staving and dying as the proceeds of the Foundation fundraising for Haiti went someplace other than Haiti, Chelsea is likely not to command much sympathy. 
Add to this list long time political operative Doug Band who has to be scrambing to cover his overhead now that his memos and questions about his involvement in 'pay to play' are smeared across the Internet. Other operatives have been targeted as well, including Neara Tanden. 
Finally, there is the equivalent of the campaign 'king' protecting the queen “ President Obama himself. He has been warned, with one of the most damaging Wikileaks providing evidence that he was e-mailing Clinton on her private server from his private e-mail account. His statement that he did not know she had a private e-mail server was proven false. This leaves him compromised before Comey's announcement of the reopening of the investigation. It was a clever tactic, because now Obama has to be careful. Given Attorney General's compromise of the first investigation by a meeting with Bill Clinton that likely represents an obstruction of justice violation, among other violations, the Administration is exposed. 
Clinton's greatest ally at this point is the corporate media who appears for the most part to have doubled down for Clinton. This is likely because they take their orders from their owners and until Mr. Global (or Ms. Global) pull the plug, the corporate establishment is all in for Clinton. It does not matter what extraordinary documentation of obstruction of justice, compromise of national security and classified intelligence, pay to play or violations of RICO statutes (to name a few) have come to light. They do not care. They do what they are told. What they are told is to get Clinton elected. Make a Clinton presidency appear inevitable, no matter what. 
Meantime, on the other side of this effort is amassing on line media and Internet activists who have decided to convert the Clinton into the poster children of US government and establishment corruption. For some, such as Julian Assange, this is a fight to the death. Clinton has made it clear that she would like to 'drone' Assange. There are more than a few indications that there is support from the intelligence and enforcement community. 
There efforts so far has made clear that they run into serious opposition when they leak evidence about Clinton's role in operations that compromise the integrity of the Administration “ such as Benghazi and support to ISIS. This may explain why increasingly what we are watching is leaks related to criminal shenanigans that can be scripted to Clinton team more narrowly. 
Another group that is doubling down for Clinton as this occurs are a segment of women voters. We are hearing an outcry of women saying that this is happening to Hillary Clinton because she is a woman. In short, what is happening is sexist. They seem not to care about what happened to the women in Libya or Haiti or the mothers whose children were rounded up and put in slave labor camps during the Clinton Administration. The mind control around this seems to be a serious last ditch effort to avoid facing the reality of our situation in America. It would be appalling if it were not so frightening. 
As compromised as Team Clinton is, as long as they maintain their establishment backing, their only choice is to do everything they possibly can to win the election. While the investigations will not stop if they are elected, they will be in a better position to deal with them if they have government resources to affirm and maintain their ongoing criminal enterprise. 
So this raises the question as to what the attacking team has that constitutes a 'kill shot' to take out the queen. Wikileaks and the assembled swarm as six more days “ five really, to engineer their best shot. If you watch Campaign Whack-O-Mole to date, these folks are clearly building up to a kill shot. The question is what is it and will they be able to get it out and about on the Internet. 
Which leads us to the last question “ one that is being asked a lot these days. To what extent can the Democratic party and their allies rig the election through compromised voting systems? According to George Soros in a recent interview with Bloomberg, the fix appears to be in though the Electoral College. 
This leaves us with two possible endings to Campaign Whack-O-Mole: Trump Wins: In this case Trump appoints a special prosecutor and we can look forward to years of illumination regarding the Clinton interests. Clinton likely will do jail time, unless the establishment can persuade Trump to let her off the hook. Hopefully, we will have a chance to cleanse Washington of the Neocons for good. Clinton Wins: In this case there is only one thing that the Republican Congress can do to redeem themselves in the electorates eyes “ particularly if the Republicans won the popular vote in the presidential election “ move for investigation and impeachment. What happens depends on the national security bureaucracy at the intelligence and enforcement agencies. If they support Clinton, the Republicans will likely be marginalized. This will be a dangerous situation. Traditionally, the way the Clintons and related allies win in these situations is to kill people or to target them with legal and financial torture and physical harassment. If the national security bureaucracy supports the House Republicans, Clinton will likely be impeached. However, this will come with a disgorgement of dirt the likes of which America has never seen. The way that Clinton can consolidate her power and command bureaucracy loyalty “ including the banks and defense contractor who increasingly control the nuts and bolds of federal operations “ is to have a war with Russia. 
I am waiting for the women who support Clinton because she is a woman explain to me why WW III is good for women. 
So let's see what the next six days bring. In the great game of campaign whack-o-mole, the situation is very fluid. SF Source Solari Report Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Bill Still “ Good morning, I'm still reporting on the Daybreak Poll. 
Donald Trump has rocketed ahead to what the USC Daybreak poll's creators define as an unstoppable lead of 5.4% this morning. Trump now leads Clinton 47.8% to 42.4% in this national tracking poll. And remember the methodology of this poll “ it is a 7-day rolling average with over 3,004 participants. 
Trump “ in a single day “ jumped up 9/10s of a percent, while Clinton fell 9/10ths of a percent “ a huge one-day swing of 1.8% “ and that's on top of yesterday's 1.7% swing. In fact, in the last 9 days, Trump has risen 4 full points, while Clinton has lost 2.7% “ a 6.7% swing. 
Both candidates “ Trump on the topside, and Clinton on the bottom side of this chart “ are now well outside of the '95% confidence interval'. 
According to the University of Southern California researchers running the ongoing Understanding America Study: 'Figures lying outside the gray band mean that we are at least 95% confident that the candidate with the highest percentage will win the popular vote.' 
But in addition, the closer such a surge to election day, the more sure of that result we can be. There is now little doubt that Donald Trump will win the popular vote nationwide. 
Digging down into the numbers shows where the biggest surge lies. Trump now leads in all 3 age categories. With millennials, Trump now leads by 2.6%. Among the middle aged, Trump now leads by a whopping 5.2%. But in the 65 and over group, Trump's lead has now widened to 9.6%. 
When sorted by education, Trump enjoys a huge 18.1% lead among those with a high school education or less. A landslide is defined as a 10-point lead. 
Among those with some college, Trump leads by 12.3%. 
Even among those with advanced degrees, Trump is closing the once-huge gap. Clinton still leads here in this demographically small group by 13.1%. 
When sorted by income, Clinton still leads among those making $35k or less by 17.8%. 
However, among the middle class “ those with household incomes of between $35k and 75k, Trump leads by 15.9%. 
Among those making $75k or more, Trump leads by 11.4%. When sorted by ethnicity, Trump's lead among whites continues to increase, now at 25.9%. 
This poll's one blind spot continues to be among blacks. Although Trump made a .9% gain yesterday, Clinton still dominates with an 82.1% lead. 
In the 'other ethnicity' group, Trump now leads by 9.2%. 
Among Latinos, Clinton still leads by 18.2%, however, Trump did increase by .6% points yesterday, while Clinton fell by .9 percent; a one-and-a-half percent swing. Among the ever-critical female vote, Trump closed the gap yesterday by 1.5%. Clinton's lead has been cut to 8.5%. 
Among men, Trump increased his lead yesterday by a full 2 percentage points. He now leads Crooked Hillary by 19.8% among men “ more than double Clinton's lead with women. 
I'm still reporting from Washington. Good Day. SF Source Bill Still Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Djwhal Khul here. Tashi Delek. 
Alright. This week has quite a few different influences astrologically and then of course the elections in the United States of America. So we have quite a few things sort of bouncing around. If I were to look at it just energetically, it goes up, down, up, down, up, down. 
So there is quite a bit happening and everything begins to calm down for the end of November 7 a little bit but then on November 8 , it actually calms out quite a bit. 
So what happens between now and the final outcome will be the Will Of The People and literally, again from a spiritual perspective, it is decided by all of Humanity. It is not just an election in a local spot. 
So the mass consciousness plays a role in determining how the future will play out in all areas of life. So the focus for this week is peace, no matter whom shall become the holder of any office anywhere that the focus shall be for Peace. That Peace is first and foremost. So keep Peace in your prayers. Try to live from a peaceful center. Sing your Oms or whatever else you want to put vibrationally in the ethers, maybe songs about Joy and Peace and Love and we'll see what happens next. 
Alright Dear Ones. As always, thank you and my love to you. 
Channeled by Rev. Terri Newlon SF Source www.TerriNewlon.com Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Selwyn Duke “ Sex crimes with children, child exploitation, money laundering, perjury, and pay to play, reads the partial list of crimes that, say New York City Police Department sources, could 'put Hillary and her crew away for life.'Shocking evidence of such criminality has been found on ex-congressman Anthony Weiner's laptop computer, say the sources, which was seized from him by NYC officials investigating his allegedly having sent sexually explicit texts to a 15-year-old girl. Moreover, Hillary Clinton's 'crew' supposedly includes not just close aide and confidante Huma Abedin and her husband, Weiner, but other aides and insiders ” and even members of Congress. Reports True Pundit : 
NYPD sources said these new emails include evidence linking Clinton herself and associates to: ' Money laundering ' Sex crimes with minors (children) ' Perjury ' Pay to play through Clinton Foundation ' Obstruction of justice ' Other felony crimes 
NYPD detectives and a [sic] NYPD Chief, the department's highest rank under Commissioner, said openly that if the FBI and Justice Department fail to garner timely indictments against Clinton and co- conspirators, NYPD will go public with the damaging emails now in the hands of FBI Director James Comey and many FBI field offices. 
'What's in the emails is staggering and as a father, it turned my stomach,' the NYPD Chief said. 'There is not going to be any Houdini-like escape from what we found. We have copies of everything. We will ship them to Wikileaks or I will personally hold my own press conference if it comes to that.' 
These revelations would explain why Director Comey reopened the investigation into Clinton's mishandling of classified information, a move that shook the political world and caused Comey to come under fire. As the NYPD chief put it, the new e-mails contents truly are 'alarming.' 
True Pundit also reports FBI sources as stating that Abedin and Weiner are both trying to cut immunity deals with federal officials and that, if they didn't cooperate, they'd face long prison sentences. Abedin's turning state's evidence would no doubt be devastating for Clinton, as the two women have for years been joined at the hip. Abedin has at times been like Clinton's shadow, has been called her 'body woman,' and has even been rumored to be Clinton's lesbian lover. So Abedin likely knows where, as is said, the bodies are buried. 
Of particular note, the new e-mails allegedly contain information revealing that Hillary, Bill Clinton, Weiner, and numerous congressmen took trips to convicted billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein's private island, where he is said to pimp out underage minors of both sexes to prominent people. The trips were taken aboard Epstein's Boeing 747, dubbed the 'Lolita Express'; the pedophile's island, in the US Virgin Islands, has been called ' Sex Slave Island .' 
These revelations would also explain why Clinton used powerful software called BleachBit to scrub damning information from her private server. According to BleachBit's website, its program gives criminals and others the ability to 'shred files to hide their contents and prevent data recovery.' 
Yet it can't scrub bumbling perverts from your personal life, and Weiner's laptop also contains incriminating e-mails revealing the mishandling of classified information by Abedin and Clinton, say the sources. Both women 'sent and received thousands of classified and top secret documents to personal email accounts,' and this information could have been 'accessed, printed, discussed, leaked, or distributed by untold numbers ¦ of unknown individuals,' writes True Pundit . 
Consequently, FBI sources say the new Clinton investigation has been broadened and now includes matters such as how, informs True Pundit : ' Abedin forwarded classified and top secret State Department emails to Weiner's email ' Abedin stored emails, containing government secrets, in a special folder shared with Weiner warehousing over 500,000 archived State Department emails. ' Weiner had access to these classified and top secret documents without proper security clearance to view the records ' Abedin also used a personal yahoo address and her Clintonemail.com address to send/receive/store classified and top secret documents ' [a] private consultant managed Weiner's site for the last six years, including three years when Clinton was secretary of state, and therefore, had full access to all emails as the domain's listed registrant and administrator via Whois email contacts. 
This story just adds more intrigue to a presidential campaign that is truly unprecedented, with a torrent of WikiLeaks and Project Veritas revelations and now Clinton's Weiner woes. From vote fraud to inciting violence to child sex abuse to pay-for-play to perjury, it's becoming clear to many that the Democratic Party ” and the Clintons in particular ” are essentially a criminal syndicate. 
As former assistant FBI director James Kallstrom said in a Sunday interview, 'The Clintons, that's a crime family, basically. It's like organized crime. I mean the Clinton Foundation is a cesspool¦. God forbid we put someone like that [Clinton] in the White House.' And now we know better why, as I wrote Sunday, this 'appears standard FBI sentiment. I personally know of an ex-agent ” someone with knowledge of Clinton 'crime family' dealings ” who I'm told is having trouble sleeping at night due to the prospect of a Clinton presidency.' 
All these revelations raise important questions: How could Hillary Clinton and her cohorts have bumbled so badly that they appear a cross between Inspector Clouseau and Boss Tweed ? 
And if Clinton is so careless with her own personal survival, how can she be trusted with national survival? 
Part of the explanation is general incompetence, yet there's another factor: Both Clintons have engaged in continual criminality over the decades ” and have been allowed to skate at every turn. This lack of accountability has led to complacency and ever-increasing brazenness, just as with a child never punished for wrongdoing. 
So, finally, perhaps, Clinton corruption has reached critical mass. And with Donald Trump ahead 10 points (according to one respected poll) among the 88 percent of voters who have definitely made up their minds, maybe, come late Tuesday evening, some tossing and turning FBI agents will finally be able to enjoy a good night's rest. SF Source The New American Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply Charles Hugh Smith “ Let's set aside Hillary Clinton as an individual and consider her as the perfection of a corrupt political system. As I noted yesterday, Politics As Usual Is Dead , and Hillary Clinton is the ultimate product of the political system that is disintegrating before our eyes. The corruption of pay-to-play and the commingling of public and private influence is not the failing of an individual“it is the logical conclusion of a thoroughly corrupt political system. Given the incentives built into politics as usual, public/private pay-to-play doesn't just make sense“it is the only possible maximization of the political system. Cobble together a multi-million dollar private foundation, millions of dollars in speaking fees from big-money contributors, conflicts of interest, the secrecy of private email servers, pay-to-play schemes and corrupted loyalists planted in the Department of Justice, and the inevitable result is a politics as usual money-harvesting machine that lays waste to the nation, supporters and critics alike. All the Clintons did is assemble the parts more effectively than anyone else.Now that the machine has scooped up hundreds of millions of dollars in 'contributions' and other loot, vested interests and corrupted loyalists within the federal government will do anything to protect the machine and its vast flow of funds. The nation's political system needs a thorough cleaning from top to bottom. Exposing the Clintons' perfection of politics as usual won't change the conditions and incentives that created the Clintons' harvester of corruption. That will require rooting out the incentives that made the Clintons' perfection of corruption both logical and inevitable. SF Source Of Two Minds Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Paul Craig Roberts “ The election was set up to be stolen from Trump. That was the purpose of the polls rigged by overweighting Hillary supporters in the samples. After weeks of hearing poll results that Hillary was in the lead, the public would discount a theft claim. Electronic voting makes elections easy to steal, and I have posted explanations by election fraud experts of how it is done. 
Clearly the Oligarchy does not want Donald Trump in the White House as they are unsure that they could control him, and Hillary is their agent. 
With the reopening of the FBI investigation of Hillary and related scandals exploding all around her, election theft is not only more risky but also less likely to serve the Oligarchy's own interests. 
Image as well as money is part of Oligarchic power. The image of America takes a big hit if the American people elect a president who is currently under felony investigation. 
Moreover, a President Hillary would be under investigation for years. With so much spotlight on her, she would not be able to serve the Oligarchy's interests. She would be worthless to them, and, indeed, investigations that unearthed various connections between Hillary and oligarchs could damage the oligarchs. 
In other words, for the Oligarchy Hillary has moved from an asset to a liability. 
A Hillary presidency could put our country into chaos. I doubt the oligarchs are sufficiently stupid to think that once she is sworn in, Hillary can fire FBI Director Comey and shut down the investigation. The last president that tried that was Richard Nixon, and look where that got him. 
Moreover, the Republicans in the House and Senate would not stand for it. House Committee on oversight and Government Reform chairman Jason Chaffetz has already declared Hillary to be 'a target-rich environment. Even before we get to day one, we've got two years worth of material already lined up.' House Speaker Paul Ryan said investigation will follow the evidence. 
If you were an oligarch, would you want your agent under this kind of scrutiny? If you were Hillary, would you want to be under this kind of pressure? 
What happens if the FBI recommends the indictment of the president? Even insouciant Americans would see the cover-up if the attorney general refused to prosecute the case. Americans would lose all confidence in the government. Chaos would rule. Chaos can be revolutionary, and that is not good for oligarchs. 
Moreover, if reports can be believed, salacious scandals appear to be waiting their time on stage. For example, last May Fox News reported: 
'Former President Bill Clinton was a much more frequent flyer on a registered sex offender's infamous jet than previously reported, with flight logs showing the former president taking at least 26 trips aboard the 'Lolita Express' ” even apparently ditching his Secret Service detail for at least five of the flights, according to records obtained by FoxNews.com. 'Clinton's presence aboard Jeffrey Epstein's Boeing 727 on 11 occasions has been reported, but flight logs show the number is more than double that, and trips between 2001 and 2003 included extended junkets around the world with Epstein and fellow passengers identified on manifests by their initials or first names, including 'Tatiana.' The tricked-out jet earned its Nabakov-inspired nickname because it was reportedly outfitted with a bed where passengers had group sex with young girls.' 
Fox News reports that Epstein served time in prison for 'solicitation and procurement of minors for prostitution. He allegedly had a team of traffickers who procured girls as young as 12 to service his friends on 'Orgy Island,' an estate on Epstein's 72-acre island, called Little St. James, in the U.S. Virgin Islands.' http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/05/13/flight-logs-show-bill-clinton-flew-on-sex-offenders-jet-much-more-than-previously-known.html 
Some Internet sites, the credibility of which is unknown to me, have linked Hillary to these flights. http://truepundit.com/breaking-bombshell-nypd-blows-whistle-on-new-hillary-emails-money-laundering-sex-crimes-with-children-child-exploitation-pay-to-play-perjury/ 
This kind of behavior seems reckless even for Bill and Hillary, who are accustomed to getting away with everything. Nevertheless, if you are an oligarch already worried about the reopened Hillary email case and additional FBI investigations, such as the one into the Clinton Foundation, and concerned about what else might emerge from the 650,000 emails on former US Rep. Weiner's computer and the NYPD pedophile investigation, putting Hillary in the Oval Office doesn't look like a good decision. 
At this point, I would think that the Oligarchy would prefer to steal the election for Trump, instead of from him, rather than allow insouciant Americans to destroy America's reputation by choosing a person under felony investigations for president of the United States. 
Being the 'exceptional nation' takes on new meaning when there is a criminal at the helm. SF Source Paul Craig Roberts  

ARTICLE

*Sent:* Tuesday, August 11, 2015 6:00 PM *To:* Kendall, David *Subject:* Hi again from AP (inquiry about thumb drive) Hi David, We have been told, and we are preparing to report, that the FBI has taken possession of the thumb drive that was once in your possession. This is what we have been informed, and we wanted to see whether there was any sort of comment that could be provided. If you wanted to steer us away and say that we are misinformed, then I would gladly accept that as well . But we have solid reason to believe this. We'd welcome any comment you can offer. Thanks very much. Eric Associated Press reporter says he knows it's true, but will gladly print that it's false 
What's truly astonishing in this email is how AP reporter Eric Tucker says he will gladly LIE to cover for the Clintons . In plain English, he explains that he has 'solid reason' to believe the report about the thumb drive, but he will gladly publish a false narrative via the Associated Press , and he even suggests what that false narrative should be: 'If you wanted to steer us away and say that we are misinformed, then I would gladly accept that as well.' 
In other words, he's not just corrupt, dishonest and fraudulent as a journalist, he's also SUGGESTING the false narrative the Clintons should use! 
This is the exact same way the AP talks to the CDC about vaccines and measles, by the way. Essentially, the Associated Press reporters say, 'We are total media whores, we will bend over and grab our ankles while you shove your fake story down the throats of our readers who foolishly think we're a credible news organization.' 
You gotta love Eric Tucker for this. The guy takes the prize for finally spelling out in black and white what we've known for years: the AP is a total joke when it comes to real journalism . Note carefully that the AP won't even fire Tucker for this admission. He'll probably get a prize of some sort. How many other Associated Presstitutes have deliberately LIED to cover up Clinton crimes? 
It all brings to mind the obvious question: How many other Associated Presstitutes deliberately lied to cover up Clinton crimes? 
Just what percentage of AP stories about the Clinton scandals are actually FAKE NEWS pretending to be credible journalism? (Answer: Probably about 99%.) 
It's not just AP, either. It's the same story at every other mainstream news organization across America: They're all liars and crooks, and they're all working for Hillary Clinton, the serial killer and rape excuser. SF Source Dreamcatcher Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Greg Hunter “ There are numerous reports on the alternative media of documents being given to WikiLeaks to counter the corruption and lawlessness of the Obamas and Clintons. AG Loretta Lynch has been reportedly blocking an FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation that many say is a 'global charity fraud' and a 'huge criminal conspiracy.' 
The leaked emails and documents show corruption between the Justice Department and Hillary Clinton. These documents and emails also show a grand cover-up of the true treason that has taken place in the highest offices of the U.S. government. 
The mainstream media (MSM) have been committing fraud on shareholders and the public by holding themselves out as 'news organizations' when, in fact, they are functioning as propaganda for the Clinton campaign. It's no surprise that the nation's biggest newspaper, USA Today (GCI), has had its share price cut in half in the last a year. Reuters is laying off 2,000 people, and quarterly profits at the New York Times have fallen by 95%. The public is not buying the lies and propaganda the MSM is selling for the Democrats and the Clinton Campaign. 
Internet researcher Clif High says both the MSM and the Democrat Party are dying. He says by 2020, the Democrat party will not exist, and the MSM will be well on its way to its death. 
Join Greg Hunter as he talks about these stories and more in the Weekly News Wrap-Up. SF Source USA Watchdog Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Bill Still “ Good morning, I'm still reporting on 4Chan. 
If TruePundit is right again, then there are movements of FBI agents tonight that suggest a massive raid happening tomorrow in the DC metro area that may involve arrests and seizure of evidence in the Clinton Foundation investigation. 
I think I can hear the sound of thousands of computers being scrubbed by BleachBit from Leesburg, Virginia to Bowie, Maryland when I walk outside. And if so, then tomorrow a mighty blow for freedom will be struck as the first step towards the restoration of the rule of law is taken. 
But first, this letter from Anonymous writing on 4Chan making some interesting predictions. 
First of all, what is 4Chan? 
See also SR 1318 “ Huma Abedin FLIPPED in NYPD Slimy Sex Probe “ Crooked Hillary May Be Involved 
It is a message board that is designed from the ground up to be totally anonymous. Users don't even have to pick a username. Posts are time sensitive “ less time for R-rated discussion threads “ more time for G or PG rated ones. So, the reliability of the comments can only be judged by knowledge of the context surrounding the comments. 
I did a story on 4Chan on Aug. 3, 2016, Still Report #1091 . Since I thought it was true, I ran the story then. Now, it no longer seems a bit flaky, because much of it has panned out. 
The particular 4Chan thread that pertained to whether or not Hillary Clinton would not be recommended for indictment by FBI Director Jim Comey was announced by an anonymous FBI Analyst. 
Now management of the thread has apparently been taken over by Anonymous. The previous author may have met his fate at the hands of the conspirators attempting to steal the American election. What follows is the message, dated Nov. 3, 2016 @00:43:33: 
'Over the next few days many new documents will be released. The contents of these documents will contain evidence of perhaps the largest cover-up in American history. 
'Before this happens we would like to explain ourselves and answer a few questions you may have.' 
'Until this month, WikiLeaks and Anonymous have worked together building an efficient, detailed, comprehensive set of documents that would be responsible for the incarceration of Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, and 21 individuals ranging from the DNC, FBI, CIA, and Clinton Foundation. 
'These documents will show without a doubt, the evidence of treason, obstruction of justice, election fraud manipulation, and bribery. 
'This was intended to be the October surprise. But before the release of these documents, we were contacted by a member of the FBI, as well as another from the CIA, and a week later by the NYPD. All with information pertaining to something much darker than even we imagine. Due to the nature of these leaks, we all work together as efficiently as possible to ensure two objectives: 1. That all necessary information would be given to the public in an organized, searchable, manageable way. 2. Those who provided us with this information would be able to find safety before these releases were made (this concern wasn't without warrant). 
The new leaks being released this week will provide documents in the form of emails pictures and videos. Within these will be evidence of Bill Clinton, as well as, at least, six other government officials, taking part in sexual acts with minors. As well as evidence of human trafficking that also included minors. We believe these pictures and videos were taken for the purpose of political manipulation in order to make sure all participants followed through on a previously agreed agenda. 
These documents were given to us by an American government official when he had come to learn that this crime had been covered up by Hillary and her staff through methods including bribery and blackmail. He also told us that due to the restricted access of these documents they would soon know he was the one who released them to us. We were trying to make arrangements for him to exit the country safely, but he was killed before those arrangements could be carried out. 
Remember, remember, the 5th of November. I'm still reporting from Washington. Good day. SF Source Bill Still Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

1 Reply 
According to numerous reports and stories that have been published through the years, among the many alleged secrets the Vatican has, there is a device called the Chronovisor. The device enables its user to observe future as well as past events. Many believe this device is one of the greatest guarded secrets humanity has ever had. 
Some even believe it is a crucial 'tool' which has allowed the Vatican to preserve its influence and power through the years. 
Ever since H. G. Wells composed his novel 'The Time Machine' many people have been left fascinated by the idea of time travel. Even Theoretical Physics dreams of the possibility of making it work one day. Everything related to time travel today is related to science fiction, or so it seems at least. Interestingly, on May 2, 1972, an Italian newspaper shocked the world when they published an article with a provoking headline: A machine that photographs the past has finally been invented . 
The news article indicated that dozens of scientists created an artifact that allowed them to photograph the past, and even witness important historical accounts directly connected with Jesus Christ. 
The alleged device “which according to many is nothing more than science fiction” was built in the 1950's by a team of scientists led by Father Pellegrino Maria Ernetti, an Italian physicist who eventually became a priest. 
It is believed that the team received important help from Nobel laureate Enrico Fermi and famous rocket scientist Wernher von Braun. 
The Chronovisor is a relatively small object that is equipped with a number of antennas and is composed entirely of precious alloys, cathode tubes, some dials, and levers. Reports by Father Ernetti suggest that whoever uses the device is able to capture and record specific locations, important events and follow in history, noteworthy individuals. According to Father Ernetti, he had observed, among other historical events, Christ's crucifixion and photographed it as well. View image The image to the left is the one obtained using the Chronovisor. On the right is a similar image located in a Church in Perugia. 
It is even said that under the perfect conditions, the device offers its user the ability to foresee what was going to happen in the near future. 
However, Father Ernetti remained secretive and stated he was not at liberty to reveal further details about the Chronovisor. 
Father Ernetti did however reveal that the Chronovisor worked by '¦processing residual electromagnetic radiation left over by numerous processes¦' 
According to numerous reports, Father Ernetti used the Chronovisor to witness important historical events, with the most notable being the crucifixion of Christ. 
However, Father Ernetti revealed that thanks to this invention had managed to witness the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah, and other major historical events such as the founding of Rome in 753 B.C. Also, thanks to the Chronovisor, Father Ernetti was able to recompose the missing work 'Thyestes' , written by Ennio Quinto and represented in Rome in 169 A.C. in its original version, and the original text of the the two stone tablets written by God (Exodus 24:12) which were given to Moses on Mount Sinai, apart from witnessing the likes of Napoleon, Roman philosopher Cicero and other great and momentous historical and biblical episodes. 
French priest FranÃ§ois Charles Antoine Brune was one of the first to hear about the Chronovisor. According to Father FranÃ§ois, he met Father Ernetti in the 1960's when the two were traveling across the Grand Canal of Venice. As the two were experts in ancient languages, they began to talk about the Bible and its interpretation through the years. Supposedly, these are the blueprints of the Chronoviso r [image] 
Father Brune that was very intrigued when the Father Ernetti revealed that there was a machine that could answer all questions related to the Bible. 
When Father FranÃ§ois asked about the Machine, Father Ernetti described the Chronovisor, saying that it was device that functioned just like a T.V., but instead of receiving transmissions from local stations, the chronovisor was able to tune into the past and allow the viewer to 'see and hear' events that had occurred centuries before. 
Ernetti told Brune that the machine worked by detecting images and sounds that humanity had 'created' which were 'floating' in space. 
It is said that this intriguing device and the project behind it were canceled by the Vatican but not destroyed. Some believe the Chronovisor is located somewhere in the Vatican, hidden in one of the many chambers, hidden away from society. 
However, there are other versions that suggest that father Ernetti and his team decided to voluntarily dismantle the device because, since it could tune anywhere and anytime in the past, if it were to fall into the wrong hands it could create the 'scariest dictatorship the world has ever seen.' 
Interestingly, before Father Ernetti died in April 1994, he wrote a letter in which he INSISTED that the device was real and was not a hoax as many believed. 
Father Ernetti claimed that the alleged photograph the chronovisor had captured of Jesus Christ on the cross, showing the sorrowful face of a bearded man gazing towards the heavens was real, even though some critics argue that the image was a reproduction of a statue of Jesus located in a church in Perugia. 
Critics also claim that the alleged text the device managed to observe of 'Thyestes' included Latin words that did not exist at the time it was made. 
In 1994, Father Ernetti also said that 'Pope Pius XII forbade us to do disclose any details about this device because the machine was very dangerous. It can restrain the freedom of man¦' 
However, in 1988, the Vatican issued a decree in which it warned that 'anyone using, an instrument of such characteristics would be excommunicated.' According to many, this was an unnecessary warning since according to them the Chronovisor never existed. So why issue a warning if it was just another hoax? 
What do you think about the story behind the Chronovisor? Do you think it is another top secret 'object' kept away from society by the Vatican? SF Source Rise Earth  

ARTICLE

Leave a reply Mike Adams “ Under FBI head James Comey, who has deliberately and clearly conspired to cover up the enormous number of crimes committed by Hillary Clinton and her closest staffers, the FBI's investigation of additional emails is now concluded. 'We have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton,' Comey announced today. 
With this decision, James Comey essentially announces that the tyranny of criminal government in Washington is now complete . 
The rule of law has just been declared null and void by the head of the FBI. No sufficiently powerful person in Washington will ever be held accountable for their crimes¦ including crimes of treason against the nation, bribery, corruption, destruction of evidence and selling government influence. 
Unless something reverses very quickly, the FBI has now cemented its position as nothing more than a corrupt branch of a totalitarian criminal regime that has seized power in Washington to protect the criminal class of political elitists who rule over the nation as lawless tyrants. 
Now, it's up to rogue FBI agents or the NYPD to go public with the evidence they have and expose the horrifying truth about what the Clintons really are, pedophilia and all. If that fails, my analysis says we may see a rapid ramping up of real talk of open revolt , perhaps even leading to an armed citizens' march on Washington to depose the criminal regime in power. As I've pointed out before, that effort would only require a few thousand armed citizens to achieve the occupation of key government buildings and the overthrow of the criminals in power. Sadly, it would also involve tremendous bloodshed and loss of life. (Let's hope it doesn't come to that.) 
Here's the letter James Comey sent out today: I write to supplement my October 28, 2016 letter that notified you the FBI would be taking additional investigative steps with respect to former Secretary of State Clinton's use of a personal email server. Since my letter, the FBI investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails from a device obtained in connection with an unrelated criminal investigation. During that process, we reviewed all of the communications that were to or from Hillary Clinton while she was Secretary of State. Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton. I am very grateful to the professionals at the FBI for doing an extraordinary amount f high-quality work in a short period of time. Source: UK Daily Mail . SF Source Natural News  

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Greg Hunter “ Recently, I was fortunate enough to be interviewed by Jim Sinclair and Bill Holter at JSMineset.com. They wanted to get my take on the state of journalism, or the propaganda mainstream media. They also wanted to get a read on what many of my guests have been saying over the past several months about what is coming for the economy. 
I also got to turn the tables about half way through the interview (38:33) and ask questions of two of the smartest guys in the world on finance, markets and precious metals. 
Interviewing Jim Sinclair and Bill Holter on anything to do with the economy is like interviewing Batman and Superman of the investment world. They have very dire views of what is going to happen in America and the world on November 9 th , the day after the Presidential election. They think we are finally going to get the 'Houston we have a problem' moment and are warning that everyone should stock up and prepare for a very rough ride. Please keep in mind, this interview was conducted a few days before the FBI reopened its case on the Clinton email scandal. 
Jim Sinclair and Bill Holter offer interviews like this to their JSMineset.com subscribers only. They were kind enough to allow me to post this interview for all to listen to on the USAWatchdog.com site and YouTube channel. 
Join Greg Hunter as he is interviewed by Jim Sinclair and Bill Holter of JSMineset.com. SF Source USA Watchdog Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

This is one of Sean's most powerful videos. It is most definitely worth the 11 minutes it takes to listen. “ G Grannum SF Source SGTreport.com Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Alexandra Bruce “ This is Daniel Liszt, Dark Journalist's Election 2016 Special Report featuring me, Alexandra Bruce in the first segment and then Dr. Robin Falkov of Event Horizons Radio in the second segment. 
I discuss the unprecedented details of this wildly leak-driven Election, several days prior to the disclosure by Dr. Steve Pieczenik, that WikiLeaks has been used as a channel by over 15 US intelligence agencies, to systematically undermine the Clinton Campaign, in a soft counter-coup against the soft coup that has been committed by the Clintons via the Clinton Foundation over the past several years, with their corruption and co-option of everybody of strategic interest to them and their agenda to return to the White House. 
This is the most leak-driven election in history, due to this covert campaign which has used WikiLeaks to expose the emails of key figures of the Clinton Campaign. The Benenson Group's 'Salvage Report' “ which was leaked by Anonymous clearly shows that one's exposure to Alternative Media is a major determinant of how one will vote. 
Of those polled in the Report, those who only watch the Mainstream Media had a much more favorable impression of Hillary Clinton. Those who were exposed to Alternative Media tended to have a negative view of Clinton and to have a more favorable view of Trump (I screwed this up, during the interview). Those who have not been paying attention to the flood of leaks are more likely to vote for Hillary. In this poll, that group is over-represented by women and non-whites. 
Besides WikiLeaks, there have also been leaks by the decentralized hacktivist group, Anonymous, by embattled New Zealand Internet entrepreneur Kim DotCom; by DC Leaks and by Clinton 'Fixer', Jeff Rovin, who broke his 27-year silence with his withering revelations published by the National Enquirer about the inconceivable depravity of both Bill and Hillary Clinton's activities, which he actively helped to cover-up for the better part of two decades. 
One of the craziest-seeming leaks but potentially the most serious was that of the Benenson Group's Firesign 'Salvage Report', in which Clinton's top strategist runs through scenarios that would prevent Trump supporters from going to the polls to vote. The options include a fake holographic 'Alien Invasion', that would terrify the public on election day and throw the results into chaos. 
The ainwave-entrainment-frequencies/' target='_blank'>advanced brainwave entrainment frequencies and 3D laser FIRESIGN technologies proposed for deployment by the Benenson Group are above Top Secret and it's unlikely that either Joel Benenson, members of his staff or anyone in the Clinton camp have the security clearances to know the details about it, let alone to discuss it as an option to be deployed in a bid to win the election. This fact could actually land some of those people in some very hot water. 
That aside, there are rumors that FIRESIGN was tested with success in the theater of a Middle East military operation. In that particular case, it is said that images and subliminal themes of a religious nature were projected onto the skies above the battlefield and into the minds of those targeted, causing a large scale surrender of enemy soldiers. 
In the second part, Dr. Robin Falkov opines that the Trump presidency may be the last chance for America to wrestle control back from a variety of special interests unified by a Transhumanist agenda, including Common Core, Open Borders, Mandated Vaccines, The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and the Centralization of Power via a powerful Artificial Intelligence Global Control Grid. 
Don't miss this fascinating Dark Journalist Special Report on Election 2016. Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Bill Still “ Good evening, I'm still reporting on Trump. We don't know her name. We don't know where she lives. All we know is she is married with at least two children. She put her kids in the car and then decided to record what was in her heart as she was heading out to vote. 
I'm still reporting from Washington. Good day. 
Bill Still is a former newspaper editor and publisher. He has written for USA Today, The Saturday Evening Post, the Los Angeles Times Syndicate, OMNI magazine, and has also produced the syndicated radio program, Health News. He has written 22 books and two documentary videos and is the host of his wildly popular daily YouTube Channel the 'Still Report', the quintessential report on the economy and Washington. SF Source Bill Still  

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Greg Hunter “ America faces the biggest election in the history of the country. The outcome will have huge implications for the rest of our lives. The desperation is so thick, with the Democrats and the Clinton campaign, you can't cut it with a hacksaw. 
President Obama is telling illegal aliens to illegally vote . James Comey is doubling down on making the FBI look like buffoons by reclosing the investigation he reopened a week ago with, once again, no charges for Hillary Clinton. ISIS has announced it will 'slaughter' Americans on Election Day, but that is 'too stupid to be stupid.' Who would announce a big attack? This looks more like a psychological operation to keep voters away from the polls on Tuesday. Don't believe it. 
Greg Hunter gives his analysis and some inspiration you need to hear before you cast the most important vote of your life. I call this the 'Final 2016 Presidential Election Update Before Voting Ends,' Tuesday night. SF Source USA Watchdog Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
'She Wants To Be First Woman President For Selfish Reasons' “ Macy Smit 
The Daily Sheeple “ Hillary Clinton can't even convince her own family members to vote for her. The only daughter of Bill Clinton's druggie brother explained to Radar Online that she will be voting for Donald Trump instead of her 'selfish' aunt. 
Macy Smit, a hairstylist from Tampa, Florida said, 'I support Donald Trump ” 100 percent! I have been a Democrat my entire life, but Trump is what we need right now ” somebody who is going to stand up for us. I think at this point Hillary just wants it for the history books ” to be the first woman president for selfish reasons.' 
Macy's husband Derrick Smit is a meteorologist with the US Air Force and is currently on active duty in Kuwait, where he assists with air operations into and out of Iraq. 
Macy's mother, Martha Spivey, agreed with her daughter about Hillary Clinton's selfish nature. In an interview with Radar, she said, 'The Clintons are all talk! Hillary says she's all about family, but she's got a niece she's never met and never acknowledged. The Clintons have never helped us out.' 
Macy explained in the interview that her estranged father, Roger Clinton, makes a lot of promises that he never keeps. Does this sound familiar? SF Source The Daily Sheeple Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) ” Charles Ortel is a veteran Wall Street investment analyst who has carried out major studies into the operation of the Clinton Foundation and its legal status, and runs a blog monitoring its activities. Ortel was the whistleblower that blew the lid off the General Electric financial discrepancies in 2008. 'The Clinton Foundation has been a gigantic slush fund,' Ortel said. 'People can donate relatively small sums to the Clinton regime and get gigantic concessions worth hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars back.' 
During the four years that Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, hundreds of millions of dollars flowed into the Clinton Foundation from governments around the world, many of which then enjoyed favored treatment from the US State Department, Ortel noted. 'To the world at large, the Clintons are open for business,' he stated. 
The US corporate media always refused to subject the Clinton Foundation to any kind of serious or skeptical coverage, in part because of fear of alienating the Clintons, Ortel explained. 
'This is such a big story that the US press is not doing its job. What we have in 'Clinton Incorporated,' is Tammany Hall on steroids,' he said. 
Tammany Hall was the corrupt Democratic political organization that ran New York City for most of a century after the 1861-65 Civil War. 'If you are in the US press, you have got to have access to the president of the United States and the federal government¦ I have little confidence that the US media would do the work necessary in investigating the workings of the Clinton Foundation as our media is in thrall to the Clintons,' Ortel added. 
Ortel maintained that the operations of the Clinton Foundation and the actions of Hillary Clinton as Obama's first secretary of state from 2009 to 2013 needed to be understood as part of a long-term master plan to regain and exercise political power by the Clinton family. 'The Clintons put together a long-term plan decades ago. They were already planning when Bill Clinton stepped down at the end of his second term that Hillary would run for president and eventually Chelsea will too,' he said. 
Ortel welcomed the decision of FBI Director James Comey to reopen the federal probe into Hillary Clinton's use of private server for official business while secretary of state, and said the manner in which it had been done suggested the federal investigators believed they would find important revelations. 
'To reopen an investigation is a massive decision so there must be a massive set of reasons for doing so. If it were a small matter, they would have waited until after the presidential election. It is also significant that this decision was announced publicly,' Ortel noted. An FBI investigation proceeds very carefully and methodically, and is thorough and sweeping. Therefore, Comey's decision to reopen the emails probe was a very serious decision, Ortel pointed out. 'To then reopen an investigation 11 days before a presidential election involving a major candidate and their family is virtually unprecedented,' he said.

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Nanice Ellis “ Overwhelming evidence suggests that the world is in dire condition, but, silently behind the scenes, the world crisis is actually igniting a mass global awakening, and for the first time in history, millions of people like you and me are waking up! 
There is no denying, we are on the precipice of huge global change, but, although change is inevitable , the exact nature of it is yet to be determined and, in fact, each of us is waking up in order to make this choice for ourselves ” so what we do now, and how we think, will determine the course of history. 
According to quantum physics, multiple realities exist simultaneously , and therefore, the future you experience is completely up to you . This means that without your conscious participation, things can go either way. So why choose by passive default and risk living in a dismal and turbulent world, when you have the power to make a conscious choice and decide your own fate? If you want to live in a thriving world of peace, freedom and abundance for all, you must choose this Utopian Reality for yourself ” then take action make it happen! Action Speaks Louder than Words 
Indeed, our thoughts, beliefs and intentions are responsible for the current reality we experience and the future reality we will call forth, but there is more to it than just positive thinking, affirmations and vision boards, and, in fact, we must integrate our thoughts, beliefs and intentions into reality by taking tangible actions that represent the reality of our choice. Our willingness to take inspired action aligns us with our chosen reality, and with every step in this direction, we seamlessly bridge the gap. Bridging the Gap to Utopia 
No doubt, the state of our current reality is overwhelming and can easily paralyze us with fear, but making excuses for complacency, or using powerlessness to rationalize paralysis, only perpetuates the reality we want to change. Additionally, if we focus on the negative by complaining or we leverage feelings of victimhood to fight against the problems, we inadvertently fuel those problems with our (fighting) energy. Resistance is not only futile, it is quicksand for the soul! 
Why fight against what is wrong, and give energy to what is wrong, when we could use that same power and energy to create something better? Instead of wasting energy opposing the cause of unwanted conditions, we have the ability to consciously use our individual and collective energy to implement solutions. 
The truth is, we cannot align with a utopian reality by fighting against or denying the issues of our current reality, and, in fact, the path to Utopia begins in this reality, and, therefore, the first steps require us to solve our current problems. As always, your journey begins exactly where you are ! We Already Have the Answers! 
All around the world, revolutionary concepts and innovations are springing forth from individuals, private businesses and groups of like-minded people. Normal everyday people like you and me are providing some of the most pivotal solutions to virtually all global issues, including free energy technology, solutions to world hunger, sustainable methods for building, growing and waste management and various forms of innovation that could literally free humanity! 
The World Wide Web is a virtual treasure chest of knowledge and DIY technology, and many of these new technologies and methodologies are even open source “ free for anyone to use, copy, share or build upon. There is no telling what jewels a 'treasure hunt' might reveal, but although this knowledge is available to anyone who seeks answers, just like the most recent scientific research, most of it is suppressed, and, therefore, a huge percentage of people around the world don't even know the answers we need already exists. Yet, information is power, and, therefore, informing the majority is an essential key to global transformation. It might be easy to blame the media for suppressing this information, but suppression has a deeper cause, and it comes back to you and me. 
Many of us already have access to this vital knowledge, but we choose to suppress it from those less-informed because we fear they won't understand, and we are afraid of being judged. Since it seems safer to withhold information than risk judgment, we rationalize silence as being harmless, but in the big picture silence supports suppression, and suppression of information perpetuates disempowerment. Ask yourself, 'Is my fear of judgment more important than sharing ideas that could change the world?' 
Indeed, the truth is available for all to discover, but until the minds of the majority are saturated with the knowledge and technology to build a new reality, we must be willing to share the truth and spread information to everyone. The Invisible Formula for Disempowerment 
Humanity is suffering from the invisible disease of disempowerment, but when you look closely, the real cause is not so invisible. On one hand, we have been taught to be self-sufficient and compete with each other for opportunities, status, power, money, and even natural resources, but on the other hand, we have all been entrained into government-run social systems that provide for education, protection, justice, health-care and other primary needs. This means that as we compete with each other for survival, we blindly depend on corrupt systems that perpetuate mass disempowerment. 
The combination of separation from each other plus dependency on a system designed for profit and control is the formula for worldwide disempowerment, and, consequently, the devastating issues we experience today. As the Global Alarm Clock gets louder, we know that we must reclaim our power and we must reunite. We have the ability to transcend all obstacles and together we can create Utopia. Collaboration Beyond Borders 
In the mid 1800's Darwin theorized that nature relies on competition in order to survive, and, as a result, our major global systems have been structured to perpetuate competition, but the latest research reveals that in order for life to thrive, nature actually relies on a system of cooperation where members of the species work together harmoniously. 
Merely surviving is no longer an option for humanity, so if we want the human species to thrive, we must stop depending on social systems that perpetuate disempowerment, we must become fully responsible for all our needs and we must replace individual independence and competition with cooperation, and, furthermore, we must be willing to c ollaborate beyond borders , whether those borders are real or imagined. 
It's time, we must stop competing for limited resources, and we must respond to life as if we are all cells of the body called Earth, and, as such, we must consciously re-create a global structure that supports every man, woman and child, and honors all life. 
Earth overflows with abundance and can easily provide for every living being, but misuse of resources and capitalism have resulted in a resource crisis, however, by creating sustainable structures that support ongoing abundance, we have the ability to transcend all symptoms of scarcity. 
There are endless untapped resources that have yet to be discovered, but in order to access these sustainable treasures, we must approach the Earth from a completely different perspective. Instead of mindlessly taking, until resources run dry, we must implement sustainable solutions that honor and preserve Earth, and are not harmful to human, animal or plant life. 
Although the knowledge, information, and technology necessary to thrive and flourish are already available, in order to turn proven or unproven concepts into real life solutions we need each other. No one person has all the answers, and, in fact, by Divine Design, we are each given one piece of the puzzle, so in order to solve the puzzle, we must work together, and as we align with solutions, we call forth the reality of a thriving planet that easily provides abundance for every living being. Creating Community 
Millions of people worldwide share a similar dream of building sustainable live-in communities. Many of these people are making that dream a reality. You don't hear much about it, but communities are popping up all over the world, and there might even be a fully functioning community near you. 
Also, consider that the neighborhood in which you now live offers incredible potential. Even people who live independently in a neighborhood can create a conscious community where community members work together growing food in a community garden, developing and maintaining sustainable energy for the whole community and sharing their gifts, skills and talents, as well as other essentials, such as cars, tools, cameras, sporting gear, etc¦. 
Don't wait for someone else to take charge “ if you are inspired to create a live-in community or neighborhood community, follow your inspiration, and don't delay. Open Source information on community building is widely available, and, in fact, One Community Global http://www.onecommunityglobal.org/ offers hundreds of pages of Open Source material. The Golden Key 
As the Global Alarm Clock continues to sound, the deepest part of us remembers that we came here to make a difference and this is the time we have been waiting for! 
I realize that it is easy to get caught up in the 'dark side' of issues and play the victim of circumstances, but these issues are gifts in disguise; without a doubt, life is directing us to a new paradigm, where we consciously live in harmony with each other and with Earth. So, whatever you do to become more independent, and whatever you do to create a more sustainable lifestyle, do it with love. 
During this transition period, it might seem like we are losing conveniences or we must do more work to support ourselves, but when you step back to see the bigger picture, it is clear to see that humanity is being offered the Golden Key to freedom, peace, and harmony, but in exchange for these precious liberties, we must offer conscious responsibility in return, and this means that we must become 100% responsible in every way. 
The world is in need of a mass pandemic of information that will spread like wildfire, and, when this happens, it will burn up all the lies and illusions that our current reality was built upon, and as it unlocks the invisible chains of disempowerment, the truth will not only set us free, the truth will call forth the reality of our highest dreams, and we will find ourselves on the precipice of total transformation. O ne World under God, indivisible, with liberty, justice and abundance for all!

ARTICLE

Leave a reply Charles Hugh Smith “ The sole output of America's Establishment/Ruling Elite is self-serving hubris. America's Ruling Elite is freaking out because a significant percentage of the American public is trying to fire them. The Ruling Elite has failed and deserves to be fired, and deep down, they know it“and this awareness of their self-serving failure fuels their panic and their loathing of the non-elite Americans who are trying to fire them. If you think this chart of soaring student loan debt is a sign of 'success,' you are 1) delusional 2) protected from the dire consequences of this failure 3) getting your paycheck from this failed system. That in a nutshell is the state of the nation: those who are protected from the consequences of failure are loyal to the Establishment, as are the millions drawing a paycheck from systems they know are irredeemable failures. Let's review the central institutions of the nation: 1. Healthcare: a failed system doomed to bankrupt the nation. 2. Defense: a failed system of cartels and Pentagon fiefdoms that have saddled the nation with enormously costly failed weapons systems like the F-35 and the LCS. 3. Higher Education: a bloated, failed system that is bankrupting an entire generation while mis-educating them for productive roles in the emerging economy. (I cover this in depth in The Nearly Free University and the Emerging Economy and Get a Job, Build a Real Career and Defy a Bewildering Economy .) 4. Foreign policy: Iraq: a disaster. Afghanistan: a disaster. Libya: a disaster. Syria: a disaster. Need I go on? 5. Political governance: a corrupt system of self-serving elites, lobbyists, pay-to-play, corporate puppet-masters, and sociopaths who see themselves as above the law. In Why Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond Reform , I explain why the only possible output of these systems is failure. The sole output of America's Establishment/Ruling Elite is self-serving hubris. In the open market, failed leadership has consequences. Customers vanish and the enterprise goes bankrupt, or shareholders and employees rally to fire the failed leadership. In our state-cartel system, failed leadership only tightens its grip on the nation's throat. The Deep State can't be fired, nor does it ever stand for election. The two political parties are interchangeable, as are the politicos who race from fund-raiser to fund-raiser. It's tempting to blame the individuals who inhale the wealth and power of our failed system, but it's the system, not the individuals, though a more corrupt, craven, self-serving lot cannot easily be assembled. In broad brush, the Establishment and its Ruling Elite are still fighting World War II. The solution to the Great Depression and fascism was to cede complete control of the economy, the media and the social order to the central state. Tens of millions of people were aggregated into vast industrial corporations or the Armed Forces. Everyone heard the same 'news' and had the same limited choices of work and consumption. It was easier for the federal government to control a handful of cartel-corporations and unions, and this cemented the state-cartel system that remains dominant today. But the world and the economy changed, and this model was no longer efficient or effective. Sprawling corporations with captive domestic markets started facing global competition, and networks of interchangeable suppliers were much more efficient than vertically organized corporations. Adding layers of government bureaucracy to manage increasing complexity was no longer effective or affordable as labor costs rose and the efficiencies of networks outpaced cumbersome hierarchies. People lost faith in their government and their cartel-corporations because the truth broke through the state-managed propaganda. Industrial corporations were revealed as greedy polluters; auto manufacturers churned out vehicles with scant care for safety, and the federal government lied to the citizens about the war in Vietnam, and much else. The Internet was the stake through the heart of this inefficient, ineffective state-cartel hierarchy. The Internet enabled a level of transparency that was impossible in the old state-cartel model in which everyone watched the same three TV networks and read the same managed 'news.' Consumers could now access the experience of other consumers directly, bypassing the filtering mechanisms of a complicit state and the corporate PR/marketing machinery. Governments were pressured to (very reluctantly) make public all sorts of material that was safely private in the good old days of backroom dealing and sweetheart contracts with pals. The central state's resistance to transparency only reinforced the public's loss of trust. The more money and power the state grabbed, the greater the level of corruption and self-serving insider dealing. The more the state managed the private cartels of banking, Big Pharma, higher education, the military-industrial complex, healthcare insurers, etc., the more costs soared while the quality of the output plummeted. The current self-serving Ruling Elite deserves to be fired for its abject failure of leadership. The nation desperately needs leaders who understand the economy and nation are in the midst of a new industrial/digital revolution that favors networks over hierarchy and transparency over state-cartel corruption. Unfortunately, as I explain in Resistance, Revolution, Liberation: A Model for Positive Change , the central state has no mechanisms for devolving power to decentralized networks, or surrendering either power or budgets. The central state only knows how to aggregate more power and skim more money from the private economy. The last failed remnants of the state-cartel hierarchies left over from World War II must implode before we can move forward. Healthcare, defense, pharmaceuticals, higher education, the mainstream media and the systems of governance must all decay to the point that no one can be protected from the destructive consequences of their failure, and no paychecks can be issued by these failed systems. Only then can we face the reality that failure has consequences.

ARTICLE

Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Makia Freeman “ President Elect Trump is new title for New York businessman, millionaire and Republican candidate Donald J. Trump, who yesterday on November 8th, 2016 successfully won the US presidential election. Trump managed to defeat favorite Hillary Clinton by a relatively narrow margin. The victory came as a shock to many Americans, regardless of where they reside on the political spectrum. For many in the alternative media, the victory of President Elect Trump comes with a great sense of relief that career criminal Hillary Clinton was not elected (or installed) as so many had expected. Clinton had already showed a propensity to collude, cheat and lie during the Democratic Primaries where she triumphed with dirty tactics over Bernie Sanders. For many others, turned off by Trump's racism, sexism, xenophobia, Islamophobia and generally flippant comments, the Trump victory is devastating and will challenge them psychologically and emotionally to accept the reality for the results. Hillary Clinton: What Went Wrong? 
The result is especially surprising given the degree to which Hillary Clinton had ingratiated herself with the upper echelons of the NWO (New World Order). From an outside perspective, it seemed Clinton had left no stone unturned in brown-nosing and sucking up to the most powerful people and organizations in the world, including the Rothschilds, Goldman Sachs, the Rockefeller CFR (Council on Foreign Relations) and many many more. Additionally, given her propensity for criminality and her powerful backers such as George Soros, coupled with the serious problems electronic voting machines possess in being able to be hacked and the vote flipped, many are left wondering how Hillary lost . What went wrong? 
At this stage in the game of post-election analysis, we can point to a few things. Hillary's criminal past clearly caught up with her. It is unprecedented in the history of US presidential elections for a leading candidate to be under an on-again, off-again criminal investigation. Clinton simply has so many scandals in her recent and distant past that it's like trying to stop a ship with 30 holes from sinking; you can't plug them all. She was also running up against the problem that the Democrats had been in power for 8 years, when recent history shows that power seems to change hands in around that time frame. Clinton represented the establishment, and as the popularity of both Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump has shown, people are tired of the same. They intuitively know the system is rigged and corrupt, even if they can't exactly put their fingers on it. Obama, Mr. 'Hope and Change', got in with a slick campaign of promising something different (upon which he didn't deliver). Trump represented anti-establishment, and whether he truly embodies that or not is an entirely different matter, because it's all about perception. Does a Trump Victory Show that NWO Powerbrokers Are Less in Control than It Seems? 
The win of President Elect Trump is truly shocking and monumental event. Many people (including myself) were predicting that it was a foregone conclusion that Clinton would win. For instance, founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange stated before the election that 'Trump would not permitted to win' . The MSM (Mainstream Media) were clearly favoring Clinton at almost every turn. Whatever you think of Trump, we can at least say the will of the majority of American voters was respected, which is a relief, given how much corruption exists in our society today. 
The question now is this: is a Trump victory the result the NWO powerbrokers wanted all along, for reasons we are yet to see? Or is it a genuine uprising against these forces? What Does a Trump Presidency Mean for Liberty and Freedom? 
For me, Trump can be summarized in one word: unpredictable . President Elect Trump truly embodies unpredictability more than any other high-level politician around. One moment he is railing against the 9/11 official story, then he is declaring his love for Israel, then he is bringing up the vaccine-autism connection, then he is suggesting Snowden be killed. Next he is suggesting GMO corn makes you stupid, then he suggesting Muslims be banned from the US , then he is calling global warming a hoax , then he is suggesting the Government be given the power to shut down the internet. Then, after all of that, he makes friendly overtures to Russia while demonizing the hell out of Iran. What does he stand for? Peace or war? Freedom or tyranny? 
At this stage no one knows, probably not even Trump himself. He has contradicted himself numerous times throughout his campaign, and merely once suggesting a good idea (i.e. looking at who controls the issuance of money instead of letting the international bankers via the Federal Reserve control it) doesn't mean it will become his policy. 
Unpredictability is one of Trump's great qualities, but also one of his most dangerous. A lot will depend on with whom he surrounds himself once becoming President Trump, and what kind of advice they give him. His VP Mike Pence is a standard conservative Republican who will be no doubt far more to the liking of the NWO conspirators, but Trump is also taking advice from retired DIA (Defense Intelligence Agency) chief Michael Flynn, the man who came out and highlighted how the US created ISIS in a declassified DIA document . 
For now, America and the world have around two-and-a-half months to get over the incredible shock of yesterday's result and psychologically prepare itself for a Trump presidency. Meanwhile, it would be foolish for us to expect that one man can fix all of America's problems. It will be the job of the independent and alternative media to hold Trump to his promises and his word, and to continue to share ideas of how we can truly create a better, freer and more just society. This necessarily involves questioning the very structures and systems of society, and will never magically improve with just the passing of the baton from one politician to another. 
Sources *http://freedom-articles.toolsforfreedom.com/top-10-proofs-isis-us-israeli-creation/ *http://freedom-articles.toolsforfreedom.com/scientists-refute-manmade-global-warming/ 
Makia Freeman is the editor of alternative news / independent media site The Freedom Articles and senior researcher at ToolsForFreedom.com ( FaceBook here), writing on many aspects of truth and freedom, from exposing aspects of the worldwide conspiracy to suggesting solutions for how humanity can create a new system of peace and abundance. SF Source The Freedom Articles Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Jon Rappoport “ Arianna Stassinopoulos, aka Huffington, is a Greek bearing gifts. For Hillary Clinton. 
The Huffington Post pretends it's doing objective journalism. Nice try. No one has believed in HuffPo's objectivity for a long time. But now we have an email that seals the deal. 
Zero Hedge reports : '¦the latest Podesta dump from WikiLeaks fully exposes the blatant collusion in black and white. In the following email chain, when asked whether she would like to join the board of a pro-democrat media consortium, PMUSA, Ariana graciously declines saying that she could be more useful to the Clinton campaign by pushing its agenda through the Huffington Post 'without any perceived conflicts'. 'She [Arianna] is enthusiastic abt the project but asks if she's more useful to us not being on the Board and, instead, using Huffpo to echo our [pro-Hillary] message without any perceived conflicts. She has a point.' 'The sender of the email is none other than Susan McCue, the former chief of staff to [Democrat Senator] Harry Reid while the recipients include John Podesta [Hillary's campaign chairman] and the ever controversial David Brock whose Super PAC, Correct the Record, has been sued for illegally coordinating with the Clinton campaign.' 
Well, isn't that wonderful. 
Arianna used to be married to Republican Congressman Michael Huffington. Then, she was a political conservative. After her divorce, from which she reportedly netted $25 million, she began to morph into a Progressive. With the financial ability to launch HuffPo, she kept on turning to the political Left. In the HuffPo merger with AOL, she came away with another $21 million. 
Her opponents have pinned several labels on her: 'the most upwardly mobile Greek since Icarus,' and 'the Sir Edmund Hillary of social climbing.' 
So now she's an echo chamber for the Democratic Party. 
The Online Etymology Dictionary traces the root of 'echo': '¦personified in classical [Greek] mythology as a mountain nymph who pined away for love of Narcissus until nothing was left of her but her voice¦' 
And now we've confirmed for whom that Arianna-voice speaks. A great American narcissist, Hillary Clinton. 
Jon Rappoport is the author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED , EXIT FROM THE MATRIX , and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29 th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails at NoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine . SF Source Jon Rappoport Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Scott Adams “ Last year in this blog I told you that Trump would change more than politics. I said he would forever change how you view reality. I'll prove that to you today with a fun experiment. 
At the end of this post I will give you a link to a very short video clip showing Hillary Clinton getting off her jet and into her car. Trump supporters will say she looks like she is drunk, or unsteady for some other health-related reason. And they will say it is obvious . Now try showing the clip to a Clinton supporter and watch how they see nothing wrong with the way she is walking. 
Who is right? 
The answer is that you have no way to know. Personally, I can see it both ways, depending on what frame of mind I'm in. When people on Twitter say she looks drunk, and I look at the clip immediately after they prime me, she indeed looks drunk. When my Clinton-supporting friend says he sees nothing unusual about her walking, suddenly it looks fine to me too. 
Most of my readers today are probably Trump supporters, so you are likely to see Clinton's walk as unsteady. Send the clip to your Clinton-supporting friend and see how much your perceptions differ on this. You'll be amazed. 
There might be an objective reality in our world. But our brains didn't evolve to be able to see it. Our brains only evolved to do the job of keeping us alive so we could procreate. That means the reality you see “ the movie in your head “ can be totally different from mine, and almost certainly is. Yet we can both get by in this world. 
Last year, when many observers were saying Trump was a stupid, under-informed clown, I was saying he was a Master Persuader. Pundits said he ignored facts because he didn't know them or because he was a liar. I said he ignored facts because facts are useless for persuasion. Trump could learn lots of facts if he wanted to do so. But he knew it was a waste of time. These are two totally different views of reality. And yet they did not conflict. Clinton supporters still see the stupid, under-informed clown and I still see the Master Persuader. We live in totally different movies and yet we can still interact with each other, still eat and drink, still procreate when necessary. 
Reality isn't what you thought it was a year ago. Your movie isn't my movie. But the good news is that you have the power to rewrite the coming scenes of your movie. And those scenes can be anything that isn't ruled out by your own observations. 
Now watch this Clinton video and notice how Clinton's walk matches your expectations, no matter what your expectations are. That's confirmation bias . And it is the most important thing you will ever learn. SF Source The Burning Platform Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

1 Reply 
Tyler Durden “ Perhaps the most beneficial outcome resulting from last night's loss of the Clinton Clan, whose 'charitable' donations from generous donors such as Saudi Arabia to the Clinton Foundation just ended, is that with Hillary not in charge, the probability of World War III has been taken off the table. 
This was confirmed early this morning, When Russian President Vladimir Putin “ whose relations with the US and Barack Obama have deteriorated to Cold War levels “ congratulated Donald Trump for his election victory on Wednesday, and said he expected relations between the Kremlin and Washington to improve. 
The Kremlin announced that Putin had sent a telegram to Trump on Wednesday morning expressing ' his hope they can work together toward the end of the crisis in Russian-American relations, as well address the pressing issues of the international agenda and the search for effective responses to global security challenges .' 
Additionally, speaking at the presentation ceremony of foreign ambassadors' letters of credentials in Moscow, President Putin said that Russia is ready and looks forward to restoring bilateral relations with the United States, Russian President Vladimir Putin said, commenting on the news of Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election. 
'We heard Trump's campaign rhetoric while still a candidate for the US presidency, which was focused on restoring the relations between Russia and the United States.' 
He added that 'we understand and are aware that it will be a difficult path in the light of the degradation in which, unfortunately, the relationship between Russia and the US are at the moment.' 
Speaking about the degraded state of relations between the countries, the Russian president once again stressed that 'it is not our fault that Russia-US relations are as you see them.' 
Other Russian politicians joined in. 
Russian State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin has also expressed hope that Trump's victory in the presidential election will help pave the way for a more constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington. 
'The current US-Russian relations cannot be called friendly. Hopefully, with the new US president a more constructive dialogue will be possible between our countries,' he said. 'The Russian Parliament will welcome and support any steps in this direction,' Volodin added on Wednesday. 
Commenting on Donald Trump's victory in the US presidential election, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Russia will judge the new US administration by its actions and take appropriate steps in response. 'We are ready to work with any US leader elected by the US people,' the minister said on Wednesday. 
'I can't say that all the previous US leaders were always predictable. This is life, this is politics. I have heard many words but we will judge by actions.' 
Sergey Zheleznyak, member of Russian President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party in parliament, hailed Trump's 'deserved victory' in a statement on the party's website. 
'Despite all the intrigues and provocations that the current U.S. government put in front of Trump, people supported his intention to address the serious problems that have accumulated in America, and to move from confrontation to cooperation with Russia and the world, ' Zheleznyak said. 'I hope that between now and [his] entry into office as the new president of the United States there will be no tragic events and the new U.S. administration will have enough political will and wisdom for civilized solutions to existing problems.' 
Russia's second biggest party the Communist Party also issued a statement Wednesday morning, expressing hope for more cooperation and calling Trump's win 'astounding' and against the 'elite clans' in the United States. The party leader was more lukewarm on the news, noting that U.S. imperialism was unlikely to change. 
Vladimir Zhirinovsky, the right-wing nationalist leader of the Liberal Democratic Party who has previously been nicknamed the Russian Donald Trump, called Clinton a 'mindless old woman' and praised U.S. voters for 'coming to their senses' after eight years of President Barack Obama, whom he referred to as 'the Afro-American.' SF Source Zerohedge  

ARTICLE

Leave a reply Please read my election note at the end of the essay “ C H Smith Charles Hugh Smith “ There are many sources of rage: injustice, the destruction of truth, powerlessness. But if we had to identify the one key source of non-elite rage that cuts across all age, ethnicity, gender and regional boundaries, it is this: The Ruling Elite is protected from the destructive consequences of its predatory dominance. We see this reality across the entire political, social and economic landscape. If I had to pick one chart that illustrates the widening divide between the Ruling Elite and the non-elites, it is this chart of wages as a share of the nation's output (GDP): 46 years of relentless decline, interrupted by gushing fountains of credit and asset bubbles that enriched the few while leaving the economic landscape of the many in ruins. The Ruling Elite once had an obligation to uphold the social contract as a responsibility that came with their vast privilege, power and wealth (i.e. noblesse oblige). America's Ruling Elite has transmogrified into an incestuous self-serving few unapologetically plundering the many. In their hubris-soaked arrogance, their right to rule is unquestioningly based on their moral and intellectual superiority to 'the little people' they loot with abandon. Rather than feel a responsibility to the nation, America's Elite views the status quo as a free pass to self-aggrandizement. Much has changed in America in the past 46 years. Not only have wages and salaries declined as a share of 'economic growth,' but the wealth that has been generated has flowed to the top of the wealth/power pyramid (see chart below). Social mobility has also declined drastically: Restoring America's Economic Mobility , as has trust in government and key institutions. As Frank Buckley, the author of The Way Back: Restoring the Promise of America observed: 'In a corrupt country, trust is a rare commodity. That's America today. Only 19 percent of Americans say they trust the government most of the time, down from 73 percent in 1958 according to the Pew Research Center.' The top .01% has seen its share of the household wealth triple from 7% to 22% in the past four decades, while the share of the nation's wealth owned by the bottom 90% has plummeted from 36% to 23%. Distribution of wealth in the US since 1917 (image) As I described in America's Ruling Elite Has Failed and Deserves to Be Fired and Now That the Presidential-Election Side Show Is Finally Ending¦. , the economy is rapidly undergoing structural changes that tend to reward the top 5% class of technocrats and managers and the top .1% with millions in mobile capital, while leaving the bottom 95% in the dust. The ever-widening wage gap (image) Rather than address this rising inequality directly and honestly, the Ruling Elite has parroted propaganda and policies that protect their gains while obfuscating the reality that most American households have been losing ground for decades, a decline that has been masked by replacing real income with rising debt. The ceaseless parroting of the Ruling Elite and the Mainstream Media that prosperity has been rising for everyone is nothing less than the destruction of truth. This propaganda has one purpose: to mask the inequality and injustice built into the American status quo. The rapid concentration of wealth has also concentrated political power in the hands of a few who seamlessly combine public and private modes of power. This wealth and power protects the Ruling Elite from the perverse consequences of their dominance. Their precious offspring rarely serve at the point of the American military's spear, they never lose their jobs or income when corporations shift production (and R&D, etc.) overseas, and they are never replaced with illegal immigrants paid under the table. Rather, the Ruling Elite is pleased to pay immigrants a pittance to care for their children, clean their luxe homes, walk their dogs, etc. This is why we're enraged: we bear the consequences of the Ruling Elite's dominance. The system is rigged to benefit the few, who use their wealth and power to protect themselves from the destructive consequences of their self-serving dominance. This rage is as yet inchoate, sensed but not yet understood as the inevitable result of a broken system and a predatory Elite that exploits the system to maximize their private gain by any means available. Election Note : As I write this Tuesday evening, it appears Donald Trump may win the presidency. For those who cannot understand how anyone could possibly vote for Trump, please read the above essay again and ponder what people were voting against by voting for Trump. They may well have been voting against the corrupt, self-serving status quo rather than voting for the individual Donald Trump. There are very few opportunities for powerless non-elites to register their disapproval of the nation's Ruling Elite and the corrupt status quo. Voting for an outsider in a national election is one such rare opportunity. As I noted in October, The Ruling Elite Has Lost the Consent of the Governed (October 20, 2016). If you still don't understand how Trump could win, please read the above essay as many times as is necessary for you to get it: the status quo of corrupt self-serving insiders generates injustice and inequality as its only possible output. Charles Smith is a Contributing Writer for Shift Frequency SF Source Of Two Minds  

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Nick Hodge “ The theme of all things 'Outsider' has cropped up once more. 
This time in the form of the election of Donald Trump to the White House ” the first such electee with neither political nor military experience. A true Outsider. 
The New York Times captured it perfectly if unintentionally in an article today: Journalists, it said 'portrayed Trump supporters as out of touch with reality. In the end, it was the other way around.' 
The Establishment is out of touch with reality. No one told them being an Outsider was in. 
As well, no one told them that, despite their Fed-induced papered-over recovery in which 95% of the wealth gained in the U.S. since 2009 went to the top 1%, most of the country is utterly pissed off. 
That's what you saw last night: high turnout of the pissed off vote. 
Pissed off at all the things we've covered in these pages for years: “ Political payola “ Continued bank scandals with no prosecution “ Incessant war “ No wage growth (over half of full-time workers make $30k or less) “ Complete civilian surveillance “ General 'above the law' attitude of elites 
Hillary Clinton was a true poster girl of the Establishment, and the election easily became a referendum on it and her rather than anything else. 
Donald Trump didn't win. The Establishment lost. 
I say this not as a Trump supporter. Indeed, I voted for Gary Johnson. 
Rather, I'm simply pointing out that, as they have been for years, Outsiders are now rising up. They, and their ideas. 
There's still much further to go, of course, for America to get back on track. But I truly view the election of an Outsider as one small step in the right direction. 
At least the general electorate is finally repudiating the status quo. 
The years ahead are going to be interesting ” politically, economically, and financially. SF Source The Outsider Club  

ARTICLE

4 Replies 
Jonathan Turley “ It appears that that ' basket of deplorables ' was a bit larger than Hillary Clinton expected. I was up to 4 am at Fox participating in the coverage of the election from New York. This was my fourth such presidential election as part a media team and it was fascinating to watch [results] unfold at the campaign headquarters at Fox. 
History will judge the decisions of Democrats leaders in this election. As I have previously written, the Democratic National Committee and establishment (including allies in the media) did everything they could to engineer the election of Hillary Clinton. While they had an extremely popular candidate in Bernie Sanders as well as Vice President Joe Biden, they insisted on advancing Clinton despite her being deeply disliked and the ultimate symbol of the establishment that the public was rallying against. 
As the close race indicated, the selection of a Sanders or Biden would have likely produced a sweep of both the White House and the Senate for the Democrats. Instead, they lost them both by forcing voters to vote for someone with record negatives. 
Voters were clear that they did not want Clinton, but the Democrats assumed that the 'lesser of two evils' approach would again prevail. They were wrong. Many people voted for third party candidates and many people on the fence refused to pick the candidate most associated with the establishment and the status quo. 
I expect that history will judge the work of figures like Debbie Wasserman-Shultz and Donna Brazile harshly in the roles that they played and more generally in the failure of Democratic leaders to heed the clear demand from voters for a change in leadership. Hillary Clinton was a talented and historic nominee. However, she was also the very symbol of the establishment and heavily laden with the type of associations that the public was clearly reacting against. 
The wins in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania shows precisely how reckless and cynical the DNC strategy proved to be. Clinton won only 18 states and the District of Columbia, though it did earn her 242 electoral votes. Now for the first time in decades, the Democrats have handed a Republican president both houses of Congress. They solved gridlock but not in the way that they had hoped. 
I was astonished to see Clinton decline to speak to her supporters who had wait so loyally at their campaign headquarters. While she did concede over the telephone to Trump, I thought it was bad form not to come down to the headquarters and address the nation and her supporters. They worked incredibly hard and the loss was a terrible blow for them. They deserved better in my view and I felt truly sorry for both their disappointment and effective abandonment at that moment. 
Looking at the results coming into the headquarters, it was clear that no further 'counting' would change the result as Clinton's telephone call affirmed a short while later. It is the final obligation of a candidate in a presidential campaign to be with your supporters and show the nation that the transition of power would proceed, as it always has, in an orderly fashion. It was highly ironic given the well-founded criticism of the statement of Trump that he might not accept the results of the election ” a view driven home by Chris Wallace (who was the gold standard for moderators in these election debates). 
The greatest loser in this election was the mainstream media. As I previously discussed , I believe that Trump did bring much of the negative coverage on himself. However, I saw many journalists discard any semblance of neutrality in their coverage, as vividly shown in Wikileaks emails of coordination with the Clinton campaign. The priority for the media should be a serious reexamination of its coverage in this election. 
In the end, the public wanted change and they got it. The fact is that many of the public has long felt that they no longer controlled their government and they were right. That is what makes this so revolutionary and transformative for American politics. Whatever a Trump Administration may hold, it will be shock to the system and that is precisely what tens of millions of Americans wanted. SF Source Jonathan Turley  

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Paul Craig Roberts “ The American electorate's preference for Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders has established two facts. One is that the majority of the American people do not believe the media presstitutes. The other is that only the 'progressives' and 'liberals' who inhabit the Atlantic Northeast and Pacific West coasts believe the presstitutes. 
Trump's election to the presidency has confirmed these holier-than-thou souls in their strongly held belief that America is a white trash racist country. They have told us this all day long today. 
From these people and from the presstitutes we hear that white supremacy elected Trump. This is their propaganda, the intention of which is to discredit a Trump administration before it is inaugerated. Funny how white supremacy elected black Obama twice previously. 
Truthout has lost it completely. John Knefel declares 'The David Dukes of the World Prevail.' 
Kelly Hayes declares 'White Supremacy Elected Donald Trump.' 
William Rivers Pitt declares 'We have elected a fascist that Mussolini would have recognized on sight.' 
Hillary carried only a handful of states, the states that comprise the One Percent's stomping grounds. Yet Amy Goodman of Democracy Now sees meaning in political writer John Nichols claim that as Hillary carried New York and California, she won the popular vote and should be in the White House. I remember a few days ago George Soros saying that Trump would win the popular vote, but that the electoral vote would go to Hillary, thus ridding the oligarchs of Trump. 
Earth Justice promises to hold Trump accountable. Trump who promises to end the threat of nuclear war with Russia and China, thereby doing more to save animal and human life than the entirety of the Democratic Party and environmental organizations, is going to be held accountable by an organization that allegedly is beyond politics and is dedicated to preserving animals from destruction. 
The ACLU, of which I am a member, has also put 'on notice' the president-elect who has said he will save us from nuclear war. Faced with this idiocy from the ACLU, I will not renew my membership. 
Feminists tell us that we are 'grieving, scared, and in shock,' and that 'it is critical that we stand together and support each other.' 
Jeremy Ben-Ami of the J Street Jewish Community tells us that it is 'an incredibly sad and difficult day. For tens of millions of Americans who share a core belief in tolerance, decency and social justice, the election results are a severe shock. In this challenging moment, we turn to one another for comfort and community. During this election, J Street made unequivocally clear our conviction that Donald Trump is not fit to be president of the United States.' 
Van Jones, a CNN commentator, said that Trump's election is a nightmare, 'a deeply painful moment,' a 'whitelash' against minorities. While he bemoaned the pain inflicted upon poor little presstitute Van Jones, he didn't mind insulting the American electorate and the President-elect of the United States. After all, Van Jones sees that as his racist prerogative. 
And so, the holier-than-thou crowd prefers Hillary, despite her unambigious position that she would maximize conflict with Russia and China, provoke direct military conflict between the US and Russia by imposing a no-fly zone in Syria, attack Iran and other of Israel's targets, further enrich her Wall Street handlers by privatizing Social Security, and prevent any dissent from the lowly people class of her high-handed ways. If William Rivers Pitt sees Trump as a Mussolini fascist, Trump is too mild for Pitt. He prefers Hillary, a Hitler to the third power. 
The progressives have totally discredited themselves just as the presstitutes have done. Their need for a bogyman to nourish their hysteria indicates serious psychological disturbance. They actually prefer the risk of Armageddon to peace among nuclear powers. As their 501(c)3s live off corporate contributions, they prefer globalist corporate profits to jobs for ordinary Americans. 
These are the people who think of themselves as our instructors and our betters. 
If only Trump could exile the lot of them. They are anti-American to the core. SF Source Paul Craig Roberts  

ARTICLE

Leave a reply Charles Hugh Smith “ Sometimes who lost is more important than who won. Let's review who lost the election: 1. Let's start with the Corporatocracy, which expected to once again wield unlimited influence by funding political campaigns with millions of dollars in contributions and speaking fees. 2. A biased mainstream media. My mom-in-law was watching CBS all night, so that's what we watched. All the pundits/anchors spoke in the hushed tones of a funeral. For two hours, the only images of campaign workers shown were the sad faces of Clinton supporters; not one image of jubilant Trump supporters was broadcast until Trump gave his acceptance speech. When one of the talking heads noted that Hillary never generated the enthusiasm of the Sanders or Trump campaigns, his comment was followed by a stony silence. That he had given voice to a self-evident truth was not welcome. 3. Mainstream punditry: they got it wrong from the start and remained close-minded and arrogant in their postured superiority. The punditry applied a double standard to Trump and Hillary. Trump's speeches and ethically questionable history were judged by moral standards, and he was declared unfit. Hillary's actions, on the other hand, were judged by strictly legalistic standards: well, you can't indict her, so she's fit for office. Dear punditry: you can't use double standards to promote your biases and retain any shred of credibility. 4. Pollsters. Having rigged the polls via over-sampling and under-sampling, they were laughably wrong. Here is a typical headline from election night, from the New York Times: Trump Takes Florida, Closing In on a Stunning Upset. Only the pollsters and the MSM were stunned. 5. Political parties. As my friend G.F.B. observed, both parties ran 20th century campaigns in the 21st century. Both parties lost for this reason; both are hopelessly out of touch with a rapidly changing America. Democrats upset with losing should look at their party's system of Super-Delegates that squelched Bernie Sander's bid. 6. Warmongers. Many Americans are sick and tired of interventionist, globalist warmongering. The only possible way they could register their opposition to warmongering was to vote for Trump. 7. Pay-to-Play Grifters. Let the investigations, indictments, prosecutions and convictions begin as soon as Trump is sworn in. 8. Neoliberals. Globalization boils down to freeing mobile capital to rove the globe for opportunities to strip-mine cheap resources, assets and labor and then move on, leaving ruined communities behind. 9. Bonus loser: Fake Progressives. Fake Progressives are perfectly fine with soaring inequality and corrupt governance, as long as everyone's public utterances are politically correct. So the oppressor class is acceptable as long as they speak respectfully while stepping on your neck. Real Progressives see jobs and community as solutions, not welfare and central planning. Real Progressives see the eradication of warmongering Imperial pretensions and corrupt pay-to-play grifting as the essential projects of liberty and democracy. Charles Smith is a Contributing Writer for Shift Frequency SF Source Of Two Minds Nov. 2016 Share this:

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 
Katie Gallanti “ Some say that the nation is divided. However as you can see, the nation is very united “ and it is not united in a 'republican way', but in an anti-globalist and anti-corruption way. The people have decided that business as usual will not go on. 
If Hillary Clinton had won, TPP would have been enacted lickety split. Obamacare, which is a financial nightmare for many middle class and working class families, as well as the doorway for the elites control over your health (microchipping, vaccinations) would have stayed in place. Many of the policies that have, by design, been implemented to weaken the USA, so that it was more easily absorbed into a future one world government, would have been enacted. George Soros, and all the tentacles of the satanic cabal would have continued undisturbed with their plans. 
I know that many are not convinced that The Donald is sincere, but we know for a fact that HRC was not sincere. With this outcome there is at least the possibility of a new opening. 
This is also the only election outcome that delays and pulls the USA from the implementation of the NWO timetable. And there was a reason for this timetable, as they are working against the rapidly approaching collective shift in consciousness and the galactic clock. There will a point, soon, where the dark forces will no longer be able to anchor here, and they know it. When we clearly understand the energetic of this planet and the ways in which energy grids (both light and dark) have operated and still function, the timing issue becomes 100% clear. I feel that The Donald pulls in a direction distant enough from their plans, to set them back in their timeline considerably. And this is very good news. 
So at the very least we now have a delay of that clock, and in my view a delay that is sufficient to derail their plans to a degree that their plans may indeed, eventually, flop for good. 
On an energetic level also note, that regardless of The Donald, this was a vote of humanity that said 'Screw you dark cabal. Screw you George Soros. Screw you FBI that does not do its job. Screw you voter fraud and Podesta emails. Screw you manipulative dark powers' And the collective energy reacts to that vote by anchoring the reality that we choose of our free will. Even if The Donald turns out to be a Jesuit fake, this collective energetic stance will go a long way. Also it is my sense that the awakened sleeping giant that The Untamed We The People has become, is not about to go back to sleep any time soon. If The Donald gets up to no good, he will soon be replaced. 
So here we are. We are moving steadily away from the elite plans into a world that we, now, have the responsibility to create. And this is the first step in that direction for the USA. Brexit was the same energy. And soon the whole world will follow. And this, although remaining always vigilant, is a cause for celebration. 
Over and out

ARTICLE

Does someone behind the scenes want to see civil war in the United States? 
The answer is almost certainly yes. 
And it isn't likely to settle down anytime in the next few days. (If you aren't prepped for this, go here to learn how to stay safe .) 
Just a little background: this has been going on since the midst of the campaign when actors were hired on Craigslist and trained to disrupt rallies. 
For example, one Craigslist ad was answered by Paul Horner, who admitted he was paid $3,500 to cause a scene at a Trump event in Fountain Hills, Arizona. 'As for who these people were affiliated with that interviewed me, my guess would be Hillary Clinton's campaign,' Horner said. 'The actual check I received after I was done with the job was from a group called 'Women Are The Future'. After I was hired, they told me if anyone asked any questions about who I was with or communicated with me in any way, I should start talking about how great Bernie Sanders is.' Horner continued, 'It was mostly women in their 60's at the interview that I went to¦' ( source ) 
Actors Wanted “ Knowledge of politics or skilled fighting a plus! (see image ) 

The same report goes on to say: When asked about the other protesters at the rally, Horner said he saw most of them during the interview and training for the rally. 'Almost all of the people I was protesting with I had seen at my interview and training class. At the rally, talking with some of them, I learned they only paid Latinos $500, Muslims $600 and African Americans $750. I don't think they were looking for any Asians. Women and children were paid half of what the men got and illegals received $300 across the board. I think I was paid more than the other protesters because I was white and had taken classes in street fighting and boxing a few years back' 
You can also read this article , in which a quote caught on video from Project Veritas shows how the Clinton campaign caused disruptions via 'bird-dogging.' There's a lot of evidence that someone is funding these protests. 
An eyewitness in Austin, Texas spotted protesters being transported by chartered coach buses. 
Then there was this Craigslist ad. (see image ) 

There are many more tweets along these lines, but suffice it to say, suspicion is high that these, just like the Clinton campaign, are rigged to manipulate the American people. Why would anyone want to cause all this trouble? 
That's where the web gets tangled. It certainly seems counterproductive to set fire to America. After all, what these people are doing is likely to end up with more tyranny “ like martial law, for example. 
Exactly. 
That's precisely the plan. 
Back in August, hackers from a group called DC Leaks got into the private documents of the Open Society, an organization founded by George Soros. Soros, whom DC Leaks referred to as 'the architect and sponsor of almost every revolution and coup around the world for the last 25 years' is a pro-globalist billionaire who has been trying to take over the world via shadow government for decades. 
Zero Hedge reported on the findings in the Soros leak: The documents are from multiple departments of Soros' organizations. Soros' the Open Society Foundations seems to be the group with the most documents in the leak. Files come from sections representing almost all geographical regions in the world, from the USA, to Europe, Eurasia, Asia, Latin, America, Africa, the World Bank 'the President's Office', as well as an unknown entity named SOUK. As the Daily Caller notes , there are documents dating from at least 2008 to 2016. Documents in the leak range from research papers such as ' EUROPEAN CRISIS: Key Developments of the Past 48 Hours ' focusing on the impact of the refugee crisis, to a document titled ' The Ukraine debate in Germany ', to an update specific financials of grants. They reveal work plans, strategies, priorities and other activities by Soros, and include reports on European elections, migration and asylum in Europe. An email leaked by WikiLeaks earlier this week showed Soros had advised Hillary Clinton during her tenure as Secretary of State on how to handle unrest in Albania “ advice she acted on. 
As well, it's important to note that Soros provided a whopping $33 million to activists in Ferguson, Missouri, escalating a protest to a siege. The Washington Times reported: ¦liberal billionaire George Soros, who has built a business empire that dominates across the ocean in Europe while forging a political machine powered by nonprofit foundations that impacts American politics and policy, not unlike what he did with MoveOn.org. Mr. Soros spurred the Ferguson protest movement through years of funding and mobilizing groups across the U.S., according to interviews with key players and financial records reviewed by The Washington Times. In all, Mr. Soros gave at least $33 million in one year to support already-established groups that emboldened the grass-roots, on-the-ground activists in Ferguson , according to the most recent tax filings of his nonprofit Open Society Foundations¦ 
This is business as usual for the OSF (Open Society Foundation), as explained by director Kenneth Zimmerman : Mr. Zimmerman said OSF has been giving to these types of groups since its inception in the early '90s, and that, although groups involved in the protests have been recipients of Mr. Soros' grants, they were in no way directed to protest at the behest of Open Society . 'The incidents, whether in Staten Island, Cleveland or Ferguson , were spontaneous protests ” we don't have the ability to control or dictate what others say or choose to say,' Mr. Zimmerman said. 'But these circumstances focused people's attention ” and it became increasingly evident to the social justice groups involved that what a particular incident like Ferguson represents is a lack of accountability and a lack of democratic participation.' Soros-sponsored organizations helped mobilize protests in Ferguson , building grass-roots coalitions on the ground backed by a nationwide online and social media campaign. Other Soros-funded groups made it their job to remotely monitor and exploit anything related to the incident that they could portray as a conservative misstep, and to develop academic research and editorials to disseminate to the news media to keep the story alive. The plethora of organizations involved not only shared Mr. Soros' funding, but they also fed off each other, using content and buzzwords developed by one organization on another's website, referencing each other's news columns and by creating a social media echo chamber of Facebook 'likes' and Twitter hashtags that dominated the mainstream media and personal online newsfeeds. 
Soros was busted for paying protesters to go into Ferguson and stir things up. This is not theory. It's FACT. The Daily Mail reported that Soros spent $33 million to bankroll the protests. The Washington Times reported that it was totally cool, though, because humanitarian that he is, Soros just wanted to help the civil rights movement ( source ). What a guy. Of course, this seems to be a thing with the kabillionaires. The Ford Foundation and Rockefeller foundation also fund 'social activism.' Which is kabillionaire code for 'mess stuff up and wreak havoc.' 
Keep in mind that the organization Black Lives Matter was born through the Ferguson riots. Does this look familiar? 
If the Modus Operandi in these protests looks familiar, that's because MoveOn.org is organizing a lot of them, and MoveOn is funded by ¦you guessed it: George Soros. The organization was originally founded to combat the impeachment of Bill Clinton¦are you seeing a link here? Another proud instigator is the Answer Coalition which also “ are you sitting down? Has links to Soros. ( source ) 
There are a lot of people who are out there because they genuinely oppose a Trump presidency. The unfortunate thing is, their opposition comes from propaganda that they passionately believe. They are acting based on misinformation and they're being professionally manipulated. 
The next step here is martial law, which nobody wants. 
Well, nobody except George Soros and friends. 
Someone who wants to see America ripped apart is causing this division. Last summer, it was leaked that Soros attempted to destabilize Russia and depose Putin in 2012. Putin responded by banning Soros and all of his organizations from Russia. In 2014, Putin issued an international arrest warrant for Soros. 
We could certainly improve both international relationships and our current situation by extraditing Soros immediately. 
Daisy Luther is a freelance writer and editor. Her website , where this article first appeared , offers information on healthy prepping, including premium nutritional choices, general wellness and non-tech solutions. You can follow Daisy on Facebook and Twitter , and you can email her at SF Source Activist Post Nov. 2016

ARTICLE

Leave a reply 'Reform always provokes rage on the part of those who profit by the old order.' Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr., The Crisis of the Old Order 
Paul Craig Roberts “ Who are the anti-Trump protesters besmirching the name of progressives by pretending to be progresives and by refusing to accept the outcome of the presidential election? They look like, and are acting worse than, the 'white trash' that they are denouncing. 
I think I know who they are. They are thugs for hire and are paid by the Oligarchy to delegitimize Trump's presidency in the way that Washington and the German Marshall Fund paid students in Kiev to protest the democratically elected Ukrainian government in order to prepare the way for a coup. 
The organization, change.org, which claims to be a progressive group, but might be a front, along with other progressive groups, for the Oligarchy, is destroying the reputation of all progressives by circulating a petition that directs the electors of the Electoral Collage to annul the election by casting their votes for Hillary. Remember how upset progressives were when Trump said he might not accept the election result if there was evidence that the vote was rigged? Now progressives are doing what they damned Trump for saying he might do under certain conditions. 
The Western presstitutes used the protests in Kiev to delegitimize a democratically elected government and to set it up for a coup. The protest pay was good enough that non-Ukrainians came from nearby countries to participate in the protest in order to collect the money. At the time I posted the amounts paid daily to protesters. Reports came in to me from Eastern and Western Europe from people who were not Ukrainian but were paid to protest as if they were Ukrainians. 
The same thing is going on with the Trump protests. CNN reports that 'for many Americans across the country, Donald Trump's victory is an outcome they simply refuse to accept. Tens of thousands filled the streets in at least 25 US cities overnight.' This is the exact reporting that the Oligarchy desired from its presstitutes and got. 
I hope no one thinks that simultaneous protests in 25 cities were a spontaneous event. How did 25 independent protests manage to come up with the same slogans and the same signs on the same night following the election? 
What is the point of the protests, and what interest is served by them? As the Romans always asked, 'who benefits?' 
There is only one answer: The Oligarchy and only the Oligarchy benefits. 
Trump is a threat to the Oligarchy, because he intends to stop the giveaway of American jobs to foreigners. The jobs giveaway, sanctified by the neoliberal junk economists as 'free trade,' is one of the main reasons for the 21st century worsening of the US income distribution. Money that was formerly paid in middle class wages and salaries to American manufacturing employees and college graduates has been re-routed to the pockets of the One Percent. 
When US corporations move their production of goods and services sold to Americans offshore to Asian countries, such as China and India, their wage bill falls. The money formerly paid in middle class incomes goes instead into executive bonuses and dividends and capital gains to shareholders. The ladders of upward mobility that had made America the land of opportunity were dismantled for the sole purpose of making a handful of people multi-billionaires. 
Trump is a threat to the Oligarchy, because he intends peaceful relations with Russia. In order to replace the profitable Soviet Threat, the Oligarchy and their neoconservative agents worked overtime to recreate the 'Russian Threat' by demonizing Russia. 
Accustomed to many decades of excess profits from the profitable Cold War, the military/security complex was angry when President Reagan brought the Cold War to an end. Before these leaches on American taxpayers could get the Cold War going again, the Soviet Union collapsed as a result of a right-wing coup against Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev. 
The military/security complex and their zionist neoconservative agents cooked up 'the war on terror' to keep the money flowing to the One Percent. But as hard as the presstitute media worked to create fear of 'the Muslim threat,' even insouciant Americans knew that the Muslims did not have thousands of ICBMs carrying powerful thermo-nuclear weapons capable of destroying the entirety of the United States in a few minutes. Neither did the Muslims have the Red Army capable of overrunning all of Europe in a couple of days. Indeed, the Muslims haven't needed an army. Refugees from Washington's wars enabled by Europeans are overrunning Europe. 
The excuse for the annual trillion dollar ($1,000 billion ) military/security budget was missing. So the Oligarchy created 'the New Hitler' in Russia. Hillary was the Oligarchy's principle agent for heating up the new Coldl War. 
Hillary is the tool, enriched by the Oligarchy, whose job as President was to protect and to increase the trillion dollar budget of the military/security complex. With Hillary in the White House, the looting of the American taxpayers in behalf of the wealth of the One Percent could go forward unimpeaded. But if Trump resolves 'the Russian threat,' the Oligarchy takes an income hit. 
Hillary's job as President was also to privatize Social Security in order that her Wall Street benefactors can rip off Americans the way that Americans have been ripped off by the insurance companies under Obamacare. 
Those Americans who do not pay attention think, mistakenly, that the FBI cleared Hillary of violating National Security protocals with her email practices. The FBI said that Hillary did violate National Security, but that it was a result of carelessness or ignorance. She got off from indictment, because the FBI concluded that she did not intentionally violate National Security protocals. The investigation of the Clinton Foundation continues. 
In other words, in order to protect Hillary the FBI fell back on the ancient common law rule that 'there can be no crime without intent.' (See PCR and Lawrence Stratton, The Tyranny of Good Intentions .) 
One would think that protesters, if they were legitimate, would be celebrating Trump's victory. He, unlike Hillary, promises to reduce tensions with powerful Russia, and we hope also with China. Unlike Hillary, Trump says he is concerned with the absence of careers for those very people protesting in the streets of 25 cities against him. 
In other words, the protests against the American people for electing Trump as their president are pointless. The protests are happening for one reason only. The Oligarchy intends to delegitimize the Trump Presidency. Once President Trump is delegitimized, it will be easier for the Oligarchy to assassinate him. Unless the Oligarchy can appoint and control Trump's government, Trump is a prime candidate for assassination. 
The protests against Trump are suspicious for another reason. Unlike Hillary, Obama, and George W. Bush, Donald Trump has not slaughtered and dislocated millions of peoples in seven countries, sending millions of refugees from the Oligarchy's wars to overrun Europe. 
Trump earned his fortune, and if by hook or crook, not by selling US government influence to foreign agents as Bill and Hillary did. 
So what are the protesters protesting? 
There is no answer except that they are hired to protest. Just as the Maidan protesters in Kiev were hired to protest by US and German financed NGOs. 
The protests in Kiev were equally pointless, because presidential elections were only months away. If Ukranians really believed that their president was conspiring with Russia to keep Ukraine from becomming a Western puppet state and wished to become a puppet state regardless of the costs, the opportunity to vote the government out was at hand. The only reason for the protests was to orchestrate a coup. The US did succeed in putting their agent in control of the new Ukrainian government as Victoria Nuland and the US ambassador in Kiev confirmed in their telephone conversation that is available on the Inernet. 
The Maidan protests were pointless except for making a coup possible. The protests were without any doubt arranged by Washington through Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, a neoconservative brought into the State Department by Hillary Clinton for the purpose of creating conflict with Russia. 
Trump is being protested in order to make him vulnerable in the event he proves to be the threat to the Oligarchy that he is thought to be. 
Trump won the presidency, but the Oligarchy is still in power, which makes any real reforms difficult to achieve. Symbolic reforms can be the product of the contest between President Trump and the oligarchs. 
Karl Marx learned from historical experience, and Lenin, Stalin, and Pol Pott learned from Karl Marx, that change cannot occur if the displaced ruling class is left intact after a revolution against them. We have proof of this thoughout South America. Every revolution by the indigenious people has left unmolested the Spanish ruling class, and every revolution has been overthrown by collusion between the ruling class and Washington. 
Washington has conspired with traditional elites to remove the elected presidents of Honduras on a number of occasions. Recently, Washington helped elites evict the female presidents of Argentina and Brazil. The presidents of Venezuela, Ecuador, and Bolivia are in the crosshairs and are unlikely to survive. Washington is determined to get its hands on Julian Assange. To achieve this Washington intends to overthrow the Ecuadoran governmenrt that, in defiance of Washington, gave Julian Assange political asylum. 
Hugo Chavez had the power to exile or to exterminate the Spanish ruling class in Venezuela when the ruling class participated in a CIA coup against Chavez. But before the CIA could kill Chavez, the people and the military forced his release. Instead of punishing the criminals who would have murdered him, Chavez let them go. 
According to Marx, Lenin, and Stalin, this is the classic mistake of the revolutionary. To rely on good will from the overthrown ruling class is the certain road to the defeat of the revolution. 
Latin American has proved itself unable to learn this lesson: Revolutions cannot be concillatory. 
Trump is a dealmaker. The Oligarchy can permit him the sheen of success in exchange for no real change. 
Trump is not perfect. He might fail on his own. But we should back him on the two most important elements in his program: to reduce tensions between the major nuclear powers, and to halt Washington's policy of permitting globalism to destroy Americans' economic prospects. 
If tensions between nuclear powers worsen, we won't be here to worry about other problems. The combination of the economy hollowed out by globalism and immigration is an economic nightmare. That Trump understands this is reason to support him. 
Note: Some believe that Trump is a ruse conducted by the Oligarchy. However, as Hillary is the bought-and-paid-for representative of the Oligarchy, such an elaborate ruse is unnecessary. It is preferable for the Oligarchy to win on its own platform than to install a president on the opposite platform and then change him around. Another sellout increases the anger of the people. If Hillary had won, the Oligarchy would have had the voters' mandate for their platform. SF Source Paul Craig Roberts Nov. 2016 Share this:

