ARTICLE

Print They should pay all the back all the money plus interest. The entire family and everyone who came in with them need to be deported asap. Why did it take two years to bust them? 
Here we go again '¦another group stealing from the government and taxpayers! A group of Somalis stole over four million in government benefits over just 10 months! 
We've reported on numerous cases like this one where the Muslim refugees/immigrants commit fraud by scamming our system'¦It's way out of control! More Related
ARTICLE

Why Did Attorney General Loretta Lynch Plead The Fifth? Barracuda Brigade 2016-10-28 Print The administration is blocking congressional probe into cash payments to Iran. Of course she needs to plead the 5th. She either can't recall, refuses to answer, or just plain deflects the question. Straight up corruption at its finest! 
100percentfedUp.com ; Talk about covering your ass! Loretta Lynch did just that when she plead the Fifth to avoid incriminating herself over payments to Iran'¦Corrupt to the core! Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by leading members of Congress about the Obama administration's secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has 'pleaded the Fifth' Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments, according to lawmakers and communications exclusively obtained by the Washington Free Beacon. 
Sen. Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) and Rep. Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.) initially presented Lynch in October with a series of questions about how the cash payment to Iran was approved and delivered. 
In an Oct. 24 response, Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik responded on Lynch's behalf, refusing to answer the questions and informing the lawmakers that they are barred from publicly disclosing any details about the cash payment, which was bound up in a ransom deal aimed at freeing several American hostages from Iran. 
The response from the attorney general's office is 'unacceptable' and provides evidence that Lynch has chosen to 'essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries regarding [her]role in providing cash to the world's foremost state sponsor of terrorism,' Rubio and Pompeo wrote on Friday in a follow-up letter to Lynch. More Related
ARTICLE

Red State : 
Fox News Sunday reported this morning that Anthony Weiner is cooperating with the FBI, which has re-opened (yes, lefties: 're-opened') the investigation into Hillary Clinton's classified emails. Watch as Chris Wallace reports the breaking news during the panel segment near the end of the show: 
And the news is breaking while we're on the air. Our colleague Bret Baier has just sent us an e-mail saying he has two sources who say that Anthony Weiner, who also had co-ownership of that laptop with his estranged wife Huma Abedin, is cooperating with the FBI investigation, had given them the laptop, so therefore they didn't need a warrant to get in to see the contents of said laptop. Pretty interesting development. 
Targets of federal investigations will often cooperate, hoping that they will get consideration from a judge at sentencing. Given Weiner's well-known penchant for lying, it's hard to believe that a prosecutor would give Weiner a deal based on an agreement to testify, unless his testimony were very strongly corroborated by hard evidence. But cooperation can take many forms '” and, as Wallace indicated on this morning's show, one of those forms could be signing a consent form to allow   the contents of devices that they could probably get a warrant for anyway. We'll see if Weiner's cooperation extends beyond that. More Related
ARTICLE

Email Kayla Mueller was a prisoner and tortured by ISIS while no chance of release'¦a horrific story. Her father gave a pin drop speech that was so heartfelt you want to give him a hug. Carl Mueller believes Donald Trump will be a great president'¦Epic speech! 9.0K shares 
ARTICLE

Email HEALTHCARE REFORM TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 
Since March of 2010, the American people have had to suffer under the incredible economic burden of the Affordable Care Act'”Obamacare. This legislation, passed by totally partisan votes in the House and Senate and signed into law by the most divisive and partisan President in American history, has tragically but predictably resulted in runaway costs, websites that don't work, greater rationing of care, higher premiums, less competition and fewer choices. Obamacare has raised the economic uncertainty of every single person residing in this country. As it appears Obamacare is certain to collapse of its own weight, the damage done by the Democrats and President Obama, and abetted by the Supreme Court, will be difficult to repair unless the next President and a Republican congress lead the effort to bring much-needed free market reforms to the healthcare industry. 
Congress must act. Our elected representatives in the House and Senate must: 
1. Completely repeal Obamacare. Our elected representatives must eliminate the individual mandate. No person should be required to buy insurance unless he or she wants to. 
2. Modify existing law that inhibits the sale of health insurance across state lines. As long as the plan purchased complies with state requirements, any vendor ought to be able to offer insurance in any state. By allowing full competition in this market, insurance costs will go down and consumer satisfaction will go up. 
3. Allow individuals to fully deduct health insurance premium payments from their tax returns under the current tax system. Businesses are allowed to take these deductions so why wouldn't Congress allow individuals the same exemptions? As we allow the free market to provide insurance coverage opportunities to companies and individuals, we must also make sure that no one slips through the cracks simply because they cannot afford insurance. We must review basic options for Medicaid and work with states to ensure that those who want healthcare coverage can have it. TRENDING ON 100% Fed Up 
ARTICLE

Print Hillary goes absolutely berserk! She explodes on Bill 'rapist' protester at rally'¦ Oh the irony! She is an enabler to Bill's 'escapades'. She's is just projecting again. She is so pathetic. Dragging integrity challenged Alicia Machado on stage with her yesterday at her sad little 'rally' in Florida. 
TGP : Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton angrily reacted to a protester shouting 'Bill Clinton is a rapist' at a campaign rally in Fort Lauderdale, Florida Tuesday night, saying, 'I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and behavior of people who support Donald Trump,' according to reports. 
Protester interrupts Hillary Clinton shouting "Bill Clinton is a rapist." Clinton fires right back "I am sick and tired of the negative" pic.twitter.com/yncdkS90Bg 
'” Josh Haskell (@joshbhaskell) November 2, 2016 Man interrupts @HillaryClinton yelling "Bill Clinton is a rapist"- she responds she's tired of divisive distractions. @nbc6 pic.twitter.com/2GPjps1EQB 
'” Jamie Guirola (@jamieNBC6) November 2, 2016 Here's Hillary absolutely going bezerk on a protester, starts screaming, shouting, yelling. Full off the rails. pic.twitter.com/j11qI5JjtO 
'” John Binder ðŸ‘½ (@JxhnBinder) November 2, 2016 Related
ARTICLE

BREAKING! NYPD Ready To Make Arrests In Weiner Case'¦Hillary Visited Pedophile Island At Least 6 Times'¦Money Laundering, Underage Sex, Pay-for-Play,Proof of Inappropriate Handling Classified Information Blackwater USA Founder, Retired Navy Seal Erik Prince 
Prince claimed he had insider knowledge of the investigation that could help explain why FBI Director James Comey had to announce he was reopening the investigation into Clinton's email server last week. 
'Because of Weinergate and the sexting scandal, the NYPD started investigating it. Through a subpoena, through a warrant, they searched his laptop, and sure enough, found those 650,000 emails. They found way more stuff than just more information pertaining to the inappropriate sexting the guy was doing,' Prince claimed. 
'They found State Department emails. They found a lot of other really damning criminal information, including money laundering, including the fact that Hillary went to this sex island with convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. Bill Clinton went there more than 20 times. Hillary Clinton went there at least six times,' he said. 
'The amount of garbage that they found in these emails, of criminal activity by Hillary, by her immediate circle, and even by other Democratic members of Congress was so disgusting they gave it to the FBI, and they said, 'We're going to go public with this if you don't reopen the investigation and you don't do the right thing with timely indictments,'' Prince explained. 
'I believe '“ I know, and this is from a very well-placed source of mine at 1PP, One Police Plaza in New York '“ the NYPD wanted to do a press conference announcing the warrants and the additional arrests they were making in this investigation, and they've gotten huge pushback, to the point of coercion, from the Justice Department, with the Justice Department threatening to charge someone that had been unrelated in the accidental heart attack death of Eric Garner almost two years ago. That's the level of pushback the Obama Justice Department is doing against actually seeking justice in the email and other related criminal matters,' Prince said. 
'There's five different parts of the FBI conducting investigations into these things, with constant downdrafts from the Obama Justice Department. So in the, I hope, unlikely and very unfortunate event that Hillary Clinton is elected president, we will have a constitutional crisis that we have not seen since, I believe, 1860,' Prince declared. 
Marlow asked Prince to clarify these revelations. 
'NYPD was the first one to look at that laptop,' Prince elaborated. 'Weiner and Huma Abedin, his wife '“ the closest adviser of Hillary Clinton for 20 years '“ have both flipped. They are cooperating with the government. They both have '“ they see potential jail time of many years for their crimes, for Huma Abedin sending and receiving and even storing hundreds of thousands of messages from the State Department server and from Hillary Clinton's own homebrew server, which contained classified information. Weiner faces all kinds of exposure for the inappropriate sexting that was going on and for other information that they found.' 
'So NYPD first gets that computer. They see how disgusting it is. They keep a copy of everything, and they pass a copy on to the FBI, which finally pushes the FBI off their chairs, making Comey reopen that investigation, which was indicated in the letter last week. The point being, NYPD has all the information, and they will pursue justice within their rights if the FBI doesn't,' Prince contended. 
'There is all kinds of criminal culpability through all the emails they've seen of that 650,000, including money laundering, underage sex, pay-for-play, and, of course, plenty of proof of inappropriate handling, sending/receiving of classified information, up to SAP level Special Access Programs,' he stated. 
'So the plot thickens. NYPD was pushing because, as an article quoted one of the chiefs '“ that's the level just below commissioner '“ he said as a parent, as a father with daughters, he could not let that level of evil continue,' Prince said. 
He noted that the FBI can investigate these matters, 'but they can't convene a grand jury. They can't file charges.' 
'The prosecutors, the Justice Department has to do that,' he explained. 'Now, as I understand it, Preet Bharara, the Manhattan prosecutor, has gotten ahold of some of this. From what I hear, he's a stand-up guy, and hopefully he does the right thing.' 
Marlow agreed that Bharara's 'sterling reputation' as a determined prosecutor was 'bad news for the Clintons.' 
Prince agreed, but said, 'If people are willing to bend or break the law and don't really care about the Constitution or due process '“ if you're willing to use Stalinist tactics against someone '“ who knows what level of pressure' could be brought to bear against even the most tenacious law enforcement officials? 
Listen to interview here: 
'The point being, fortunately, it's not just the FBI; [there are] five different offices that are in the hunt for justice, but the NYPD has it as well,' Prince said, citing the Wall Street Journal reporting that has 'exposed downdraft, back pressure from the Justice Department' against both the FBI and NYPD, in an effort to 'keep the sunlight and the disinfecting effects of the truth and transparency from shining on this great evil that has gone on, and is slowly being exposed.' 
'The Justice Department is trying to run out the clock, to elect Hillary Clinton, to prevent any real justice from being done,' he warned. 
As for the mayor of New York City, Prince said he has heard that 'de Blasio wants to stay away from this.' 
'The evidence is so bad, the email content is so bad, that I think even he wants to stay away from it, which is really telling,' he said. 
For entire story: Breitbart News 14.7K shares 
ARTICLE

BREAKING! NYPD Ready To Make Arrests In Weiner Case'¦Hillary Visited Pedophile Island At Least 6 Times'¦Money Laundering, Underage Sex, Pay-for-Play,Proof of Inappropriate Handling Classified Information 
The amazing citizen journalist Mike Cernovich broke this story this morning at Danger and Play . Florida residents have been complaining that they're not getting their absentee ballots. Chelsey Marie Smith, was working full-time at Broward County Supervisor of Elections main office blew the whistle on the voter fraud scheme: LIVE on #Periscope : Breaking news! Voting fraud uncovered in Florida #MAGA3X https://t.co/q7jeEz6Rgh 
'” Mike Cernovich ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸ (@Cernovich) November 4, 2016 
The Florida State Attorney is actively investigating the fraud case that involves Secretary of Elections Brenda Snipes: Source: FL State Attorney investigators are actively reviewing Broward County Voter Fraud Case 
'” Jack Posobiec ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸ (@JackPosobiec) November 4, 2016 

Democrat Dr. Brenda Snipes was appointed by Jeb Bush in 2003 and is no stranger to controversy. On October 20, the Sun Sentinal reported that former Oakland Park Commissioner Anne Sallee noticed something troubling about her vote-by-mail ballot. It is missing Constitutional Amendment 2, the medical marijuana question. 
Sallee, now Broward chapter director of the Florida Restaurant and Lodging Association, knows her way around government. Yet she said she spent a week unsuccessfully trying to get someone at the Broward elections office to pay attention to her complaint. 
She was cleared on Wednesday of another election snafu, the early posting of primary election results. Her office also was criticized for sending out inaccurate voter ID cards, and for printing ballots for November that include the word 'no' in the 'yes' line on the county's transportation sales surtax question. 
There were multiple reports that Hillary personally met with Brenda Snipes days ago: There were multiple reports Hillary personally met with Brenda Snipes days ago. No photos, but where there's smoke'¦ 
'” Jack Posobiec ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸ (@JackPosobiec) November 4, 2016 
According to a former Secretary of Elections Department employee, there is a secret room where Democrat insiders fill out those absentee ballots. 
The woman provided her sworn testimony via affidavit. 
The affidavit by Chelsey Marie Smith accuses Broward County officials of filling out blank absentee ballots to officials who she saw filling the ballots out at the Supervisor of Elections headquarters. Via: GP Page 1: 
ARTICLE


Limbaugh said that the revelations in the Wikileaks material were 'starting to hurt' the Clintons and that the renewed interest in an FBI investigation into her private email server would be a fruitless distraction. 
In any case'¦ 
IT'S TIME TO DRAIN THE SWAMP! 
FBI Director James Comey said Sunday that the agency has reviewed all of the Hillary Clinton emails recently discovered in an unrelated case and that his conclusion in July not to prosecute Clinton after the FBI's original investigation into her use of private email server still stands. 
Comey informed Congress on Oct. 28 that the agency would, in the unrelated case, review additional emails related to Clinton's time running the State Department from 2009 to 2013. 
'Since my letter, the FBI investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails,' Comey said Sunday in a follow-up letter to Congress. 'During that time we reviewed all of the communications that were to or from Hilary Clinton as secretary of state. Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusion.' 
The new case is purportedly related to ex-New York Democratic Rep. Anthony Weiner using a laptop he shared with estranged wife and top Clinton aide Huma Abedin for 'sexting' an apparently underage female. 

ARTICLE

Email 
These people are sick and evil. They will stop at NOTHING to get their way. Laws mean nothing to them, because they mean nothing to their President and his regime'¦ 
A California man says a stranger hurled expletives and set his truck on fire Thursday after seeing a pro-Donald Trump sticker on the bumper. 
Hao Lee had taken his 2-year-old son fishing on a pleasant November afternoon in Sacramento. He parked his white Dodge Ram truck with a pair of Trump stickers on the bumper along Garden Highway. 
'About a couple hours into fishing I heard someone yelling out 'F' Trump,' Lee told KTXL. 
Lee and his son were only about 50 yards from where his truck was parked, near the edge of the river. TRENDING ON 100% Fed Up 
ARTICLE

 
ARTICLE


Who? Comedian. 
Where would she move? Spain. 'I did buy a house in another country just in case, so all of these people that threaten to leave the country and then don't, I will leave the country,' she said on Live with Kelly and Michael. 
(Weirdly, she called Trump charming in the same interview.) 
3. Neve Campbell 
Who? House of Cards actress. 
Where would she move? Canada. 
'His honesty is terrifying,' she told Huffington Post UK. 
4. Barry Diller 
Who? Founder of IAC Interactive. 
Where would he move? Unspecified. 
'If Donald Trump doesn't fall, I'll either move out of the country or join the resistance,' he told Bloomberg. 
5. Lena Dunham 
Who? Creator of Girls. 
Where would she move? Vancouver. 
'I know a lot of people have been threatening to do this, but I really will,' she said at the Matrix Awards. 
6. Keegan-Michael Key 
Who? Star of Key & Peele. 
Where would he move? Canada. 
'It's easy. It's like 10 minutes from Detroit and that's where I'm from,' he told TMZ. 
7. ChloÃ« Sevigny 
Who? Actress and guest star in Portlandia. 
Where would she move? Nova Scotia. 
She answered simply, 'Nova Scotia' to a question of where she would move if Trump were elected. 
8. Al Sharpton 
Who? Activist. 
Where would he move? Out of here. 
'If Donald Trump is the nominee, I'm open to support anyone, while I'm also reserving my ticket out of here if he wins,' he said at a press conference. 
9. Natasha Lyonne 
Who? Actress in Orange Is the New Black. 
Where would she move? A mental hospital. 
'[I'll move] to a mental hospital for a while because you're like 'why is this happening?'' she said. 
10. Eddie Griffin 
Who? Comedian. 
Where would he move? Africa. 
'He's good at making money, but he's ignorant'¦If Trump wins, I'm moving to Africa,' he told DJ Vlad. 
11. Spike Lee 
Who? Director of Malcolm X. 
Where would he move? '¦Brooklyn. 
If Trump wins, he'll be 'moving back to the republic of Brooklyn, New York,' he reported to Vanity Fair. 
12. Amber Rose 
Who? Model. 
Where would she move? Unspecified. 
'I can't even think about it! I'm moving, I'm out! I can't. And I am taking my son with me!' she told US Weekly. 
13. Samuel L. Jackson 
Who? Actor. 
Where would he move? South Africa. 
'He's just running for popularity. C'mon, just let it go,' he said on The View. 
14. Cher 
Where would she move? Jupiter 
'IF HE WERE TO BE ELECTED, IM MOVING TO JUPITER >:|' she tweeted. 
15. George Lopez 
Who? Comedian and star of George Lopez. 
Where would he move? Mexico. 
'If he wins, he won't have to worry about immigration, we'll all go back,' he told TMZ. 
16. Barbra Streisand 
Who? Singer. 
Where would she move? Australia or Canada. 
'He has no facts. I don't know, I can't believe it. I'm either coming to your country [Australia], if you'll let me in, or Canada,' she told Australian journalist Michael Usher. 
17. Raven-SymonÃ© 
Who? Actress and host of The View. 
Where would she move? Canada. 
'My confession for this election is if any Republican gets nominated, I'm going to move to Canada with my entire family. I already have my ticket,' she said on The View. 
Note: Her leaving was contingent on any Republican candidate winning the election'“not just Trump. 
18. Whoopi Goldberg 
Who? Actress and host of The View. 
Where would she move? Unspecified. 
'I don't want it to be America. Maybe it's time for me to move, you know,' she said. 
19. Omari Hardwick 
Who? Actor in Power. 
Where would he move? Italy. 
'I'll move from Denver to Italy'¦ If Donald Trump wins the presidency, I'm out,' he told The Wrap. 
20. Miley Cyrus 
Who? Pop star. 
Where would she move? Unspecified. 
'My heart is broken into a 1 pieces'¦I am moving if this is my president! I don't say things I don't mean!' she wrote in an Instagram post. 
21. Ruth Bader Ginsburg 
Who? Supreme Court Justice. 
Where would she move? New Zealand. 
'I can't imagine what the country would be with Donald Trump as our president'¦ Now it's time for us to move to New Zealand,' she told The New York Times. 
22. Amy Schumer 
Who? Comedian and actress. 
Where would she move? Spain. 
'I will need to learn to speak Spanish because I will move to Spain or somewhere'¦ It's beyond my comprehension if Trump won. It's too crazy,' she told BBC Newsnight. 
23. Katie Hopkins 
ARTICLE

Students expressed their 'fear' over a Trump presidency in messages to each other that were being shared on Twitter today: 'Literally scared for their lives' is the new 'literally Hitler'. #NotMyPresident pic.twitter.com/8cKfQdF2Ce 
'” Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 9, 2016 
And finally, this ridiculous and totally biased email was sent from University of Michigan President to the students offering them assistance to help them through the results of our Presidential election last night. The President wants to ensure the students that the university remains committed to their 'most important responsibility' at their school which is apparently, 'to remain committed to education, discovery and intellectual honesty '“ and to diversity, equity and inclusion.': 
To All Members of the University Community: 
As I'm sure many of you did, I watched the election coverage late into the night, and had the opportunity to visit with students and staff at a results-watching event sponsored by the Ginsberg Center at the Michigan Union. It will take quite some time to completely absorb the results from yesterday's election, understand the full implications, and discern the long-term impact on our university and our nation . More immediately, in the aftermath of a close and highly contentious election we continue to embrace our most important responsibility as a university community. Our responsibility is to remain committed to education, discovery and intellectual honesty '“ and to diversity, equity and inclusion. We are at our best when we come together to engage respectfully across our ideological differences; to support ALL who feel marginalized, threatened or unwelcome; and to pursue knowledge and understanding, as we always have, as the students, faculty and staff of the University of Michigan. There are reports of members of our community offering support to one another. Students are planning a vigil tonight on the Diag at 6 p.m. Our Center for Research on Teaching and Learning also has numerous resources available for faculty seeking help in cultivating classroom environments that are responsive to national issues. I also want to make everyone aware of some of the plans and events we have had in place for today and beyond. Â· Our Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy is holding a Post-Election Analysis from 4 to 5:30 p.m. today in the Weill Hall's Annenberg Auditorium. Speakers include former U.S. Congressman John Dingell, former Ambassador Ron Weiser, and faculty members Mara Ostfeld, Betsey Stevenson and Marina Whitman. Â· Our History Department has organized a community discussion led by faculty and students to include historical perspectives at 6 p.m. tonight in 1014 Tisch Hall. Â· The Office of Student Life will provide resources and referrals for support on campus to students, faculty and staff at a location in the Michigan Union's Willis Ward Lounge. It will be open today from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Â· Our Office of Multi-Ethnic Student Affairs is offering an open space of support to help members of our community connect during open hours today. MESA's office is in the Michigan Union, Room 2202. Â· Tomorrow, our Ginsberg Center and Counseling and Psychological Services office is facilitating a Post-election Dialogue: Impact, Perspective-taking, and Moving Forward. This event is part of the Student Life Professional Development Conference at 1 '“ 2 p.m. in the Michigan League's Henderson Room. I know that other schools, colleges and offices across our campus are planning events as well. I thank everyone who is helping us come together and ask anyone scheduling a post election event post it on the University of Michigan Events Calendar. I hope all of us will continue to proudly embrace the opportunities before us as the students, faculty and staff of a great public research university governed by the people. Elections are often times of great change, but the values we stand for at U-M have been shaped over the course of nearly 200 years. Our mission remains as essential for society as ever: ''¦to serve the people of Michigan and the world through preeminence in creating, communicating, preserving and applying knowledge, art, and academic values, and in developing leaders and citizens who will challenge the present and enrich the future.' I look forward to working together with all of you to advance the work we do in service of the public '“ and to ensure that the University of Michigan will always be a welcoming place for all members of society. Sincerely, 
Mark Schlissel President  
ARTICLE

Email For Republican politicians like Ohio Governor John Kasich who refused to get behind Donald J. Trump'¦it turns out Trump was right'¦he didn't need you. In spite of the massive media force who came out against him, and the 'never Trumpers' from his own party who worked very hard to defeat him, if Obama was running against Donald J. Trump today, Trump would have beaten him'¦ 
It's easy to glance at Tuesday's popular vote '” which, with 92 percent of all precincts reporting, shows Hillary Clinton with six million fewer votes than Barack Obama won in 2012 '“ and reach the conclusion that Clinton lost the White House because she failed to turn out the Democratic base. But the truth is much more complicated. While she underperformed relative to Obama's 2012 totals in several Midwestern states '” Ohio, Michigan, Iowa, and Wisconsin '” Clinton ran virtually even with Obama in the battlegrounds of Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Virginia, Nevada, and New Hampshire. What's more, she far surpassed Obama's 2012 vote total in Florida, the country's biggest swing state. Yet somehow, while Obama carried Florida, Clinton lost it. Which brings us to an important question: Was Donald Trump just good enough to beat a bad Democratic opponent on Tuesday, or does he deserve far more credit? Could he, for instance, have competed with the vaunted Obama machine? The answer, somewhat shockingly, is yes. 
A review of vote totals in the past two elections reveals that Trump 2016 would have defeated Obama 2012 in the electoral college. (Disclaimer: This obviously is an apples-to-oranges exercise because no two elections are the same, nor are any two electorates. Still, unlike debating whether the 2016 Cubs would defeat the 1927 Yankees, this is not an entirely abstract argument; a comparison of their respective performances in the country's most competitive states shows Trump edging Obama in a hypothetical head-to-head matchup.) The math might seem impossible. After all, Obama won nearly 66 million votes in 2012; Trump is currently at 59.5 million and should finish around 60 million, which will actually be one million fewer votes than Mitt Romney won. How, then, could Trump have topped Obama in the electoral college? The answer: Republican turnout lagged in certain parts of the country but shot through the roof in the nation's most critical battleground states. Let's look at them individually, in descending order by population, and do the electoral-vote math. The 2016 totals aren't yet final because not all precincts have reported. 
FLORIDA '” 29 EVs '” 98 percent reporting 
Obama 2012: 4,235,270 
Clinton 2016: 4,485,745 TRENDING ON 100% Fed Up 
ARTICLE

Copyright Â© 2016 100PercentFedUp.com, in association with Liberty Alliance | All rights reserved. Proudly built by WPDevelopers . STAY IN THE LOOP Sign up for our email newsletter to become a 100% Fed Up insider. Subscribe 
ARTICLE

 A Trump supporter wearing a Trump/Pence t-shirt let it fly on a reporter from MSNBC because of his one sided reporting and the demonizing of Trump. This is one brave woman! New Yorkers have had enough of the protests and violence! '¦ @calmsnbc is having an interesting day. pic.twitter.com/EMelMQamAU
ARTICLE

Copyright Â© 2016 100PercentFedUp.com, in association with Liberty Alliance | All rights reserved. Proudly built by WPDevelopers . STAY IN THE LOOP Sign up for our email newsletter to become a 100% Fed Up insider. Subscribe 
ARTICLE

 Donald Trump was willing to give up a very fulfilling life that took decades to build, so he could step up and take control of an out of control government. He and his family have already sacrificed so much because he chose to put his country first. Making sacrifices is certainly not something loudmouth liberals like Robert DeNiro are accustomed to. DeNiro was very vocal about his opposition to the wildly successful business man Donald J. Trump. He felt so strongly about his hate for Trump that made a video where he angrily stated he'd like to, 'punch him in the face.' Now that Trump won the election in a landslide, DeNiro has chosen to get behind the Trump rioters who are terrorizing cities across America. Anti-Trump rioters are breaking windows, using baseball bats to smash the windshields of innocent citizens who get trapped in their hellish protests as they try to escape. Women who are taking part in the protests are being punched in the faces by men who are also taking part in the George Soros funded protests. American flags are being burned and families who are walking in major cities are being subjected to the most vile and disgusting, hateful language and images imaginable. If this is the kind of America that Robert DiNero is openly supporting? And if so, why would any American pay to see his movie,'Comedian'? 
Robert De Niro gave anti-Donald Trump protesters across the United States his backing Friday as he spoke about how 'depressed' the tycoon's win in the presidential election had made him. 
The 73-year-old star was on the red carpet at the world premiere of his new film 'The Comedian' in Los Angeles when he was asked how he was coping with Trump's victory over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. 
'How am I doing? I'm very depressed,' the famously laconic 'Raging Bull' actor told reporters. 
'We have to just wait and see how things go and keep our eyes ever vigilant on the new government.' 
Asked if he thought the protests were an appropriate response to the outcome of Tuesday's election, he replied: 'Yes, absolutely. Things aren't being done right.' 
Demonstrators took to the streets in Miami, Los Angeles, New York and other US cities for a third straight night on Friday. 
In Manhattan, they held signs reading 'Your Wall Can't Stand in Our Way' '” a reference to the anti-immigration barrier the billionaire has promised to build on the US border with Mexico. 
De Niro hasn't minced his words in his criticism of Trump, describing him as 'a punk,' 'a pig' and 'an idiot.' 
'I'd like to punch him in the face,' he said before the election. 
Earlier in the day a town in southern Italy where De Niro's grandparents came from offered the actor a means of escape. 
'If, after the disappointment of Trump, he wants to take refuge here, we are ready to welcome him,' said Antonio Cerio, the mayor of Ferrazzano. 
'The Comedian,' De Niro's passion project which took him eight years to bring to the big screen, was part of this year's program for the American Film Institute's annual AFI Fest in Los Angeles. '“ Yahoo 
Here's a clip of Trump-hater Megyn Kelly promoting DiNero's hateful rant against Donald J. Trump:  
ARTICLE

John McNaughton is a special American painter because of his subject matter and the intensity in which he portrays our current government'¦troubled and corrupt. The Forgotten Man painting is amazing in its symbolism. 
Here's how McNaughton describes the painting: 
Against the background of a darkening sky, all of the past Presidents of the United States gather before the White House, as if to commemorate some great event. In the left hand corner of the painting sits a man. That man, with his head bowed appears distraught and hopeless as he contemplates his future. Some of the past Presidents try to console him while looking in the direction of the modern Presidents as if to say, 'What have you done?' Many of these modern Presidents, seemingly oblivious to anything other than themselves, appear to be congratulating each other on their great accomplishments. In front of the man, paper trash is blowing in the wind. Crumpled dollar bills, legislative documents, and, like a whisper'”the U.S. Constitution beneath the foot of Barack Obama. 
THE FORGOTTEN MAN'¦ 
McNaughton never sells his original paintings BUT he made an exception this time. He sold this painting to Sean Hannity so Hannity could give it to Donald Trump. Awesome, huh? 
November 9th McNaughton announced via facebook that he sold the original to Sean Hannity: 
'Sean Hannity just purchased my painting 'The Forgotten Man' to give to Donald Trump to hang in the White House' 
THE WHITE HOUSE!
ARTICLE

 Dear Abby, I supported a woman I knew had a history of criminal activity, who is married to a rapist and who left 4 men to die in Benghazi. She put our national security at grave risk by leaving top classified emails on her private server, and she took money from nations who throw gays off rooftops and treat women worse than cockroaches. She is likely very sick and would be unlikely to serve out her first term without someone there to prop her up, but nevertheless, I supported her anyhow, because she's a Democrat and has a vagina. Someone told me she still has a chance of winning the presidency if I just signed a petition. They said that Trump really didn't win, because Hillary won the popular vote. Is that true? 
Okay, let's address this 'Hillary might win the popular vote, isn't that Electoral College situation just awful' thing head on. 
No, it's not awful. It's great, and it protects the importance of your vote. It's also uniquely American and demonstrates yet again the once-in-creation brilliance of the Founding Fathers. 
First of all, she's probably not going to win the actual number of votes cast. She may win the number of votes counted, but not the votes cast. 
States don't count their absentee ballots unless the number of outstanding absentee ballots is larger than the state margin of difference. If there is a margin of 1,000 votes counted and there are 1,300 absentee ballots outstanding, then the state tabulates those. If the number of outstanding absentee ballots wouldn't influence the election results, then the absentee ballots aren't counted. 
Who votes by absentee ballot? Students overseas, the military, businesspeople on trips, etc. The historical breakout for absentee ballots is about 67-33% Republican. In 2000, when Al Gore 'won' the popular vote nationally by 500,000 votes and the liberal media screamed bloody murder, there were 2 million absentee ballots in California alone. A 67-33 breakout of those yields a 1.33- to 0.667-million Republican vote advantage, so Bush would have gotten a 667,000-vote margin from California's uncounted absentee ballots alone! So much for Gore's 500,000 popular vote 'victory.' (That was the headline on the N.Y. Times, and it was the lead story on NBC Nightly News, right? No? You're kidding.) 
Getting back to the 'win the popular vote/lose the Electoral College' scenario: Thank G-d we have that, or else California and N.Y. would determine every election. Every time. 
But the Electoral College brilliantly smooths out the variances in the voting proclivities among states and regions. Farmers in the middle of the country and importers and exporters on the shore get roughly equal say, as do Madison Ave. execs and factory workers in Tennessee. 
Shortcomings? Sure. The E.C. can make an R vote meaningless in a very few heavily D states or vice versa. But without the Electoral College, the country's entire population is subject to the disproportionate voting preferences of the few most populous states. '“ American Thinker Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

Mark Cuban has made no secret of his dislike for Trump and his love for Crooked Hillary. Watch him tell FOX News' Neil Cavuto (at 5:38 mark), 'If Donald wins, I have no doubt the market tanks!' Well, that's not exactly what happened now is it Cuban? So here's what really happened: 
Market Watch '“ U.S. stocks rallied Wednesday, with the Dow industrials jumping 257 points, led by a surge in financial, health-care and industrial stocks, as investors bet on the infrastructure spending policy promised by President-elect Donald Trump. 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +1.40% gained as much as 316 points, briefly surpassing the all-time closing high set in August. The index closed 256.95 points, or 1.4%, higher at 18,589.69, its highest level since Aug. 18. Pfizer Inc. PFE, +7.07% and Caterpillar Inc CAT, +7.70% led the gains, rallying more than 7%. Way to go Cuban'¦you just reminded us of how little you know about economics or choosing the right candidate for President'¦ Hope that loss didn't cost you too much Cuban'¦Cheers! 46.4K shares 
ARTICLE

David Wilcox, a 49 year old Chicago man who was brutally beaten by a mob of black Democrats asks, 'What happened to America?' Here is his very sad story:  
ARTICLE

 Filmmaker Ami Horowitz takes to the streets in Berkeley, CA to ask white liberals how they feel about voter ID laws? Do voter ID laws suppress the black vote? Are voter ID laws racist? Watch the stunning (and very telling) responses these elitist liberals give to Horowitz. Next, watch how black citizens in Harlem, NY reply to the racist generalizations made by white liberals in Berkeley, CA. Tell us again who the real racists are? Wow!  
ARTICLE

 
Political activist and Hillary supporter Amal Clooney traveled to Texas to warn Americans about our elected President Donald J. Trump and his tough immigration policies. Maybe she didn't get the memo'¦Trump's tough immigration stance is what catapulted him to the top of the heap in the crowded pack of GOP primary contenders. It wasn't too long ago that her arrogant liberal husband announced with great confidence, 'There will never be a President Trump'. 
Perhaps Amal should've traveled to some of the border towns if she wanted to get a clear picture of how illegal immigration is affecting our nation. Aliens crossing our borders illegally have destroyed the property of American ranchers, and threatened the safety and security of American citizens living in homes in or near the US -Mexican border towns'¦ 
Amal Clooney has warned that many of president-elect Trump's proposals would be 'violations of international law.' 
Speaking at the Texas Conference For Women at the Austin Convention Center on Tuesday, the international human rights lawyer, and wife of George Clooney, said she had concerns about America's reputation under the real estate mogul's plans. 
She noted that Trump's comments during his campaign, 'that there should be a religious test imposed on entering the U.S. or the fact that there should be state-sponsored torture or that families of suspected terrorists should all be killed '” all of those things are violations of international human rights law and the values that underlie that.' 
The 38-year-old wife said America's reputation as a country with a strong human rights record and high moral standing was at risk. 
'I think there's some concern from abroad as to, 'Are these things actually going to happen?', or is the U.S. going to lose some of the moral standing that it has internationally,' according to the Hollywood Reporter. 
Perhaps its time to put our nation's security and sovereignty before we worry about what people in other countries around the world think of us'¦ 
Both Amal and her Hollywood actor husband George, a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter, have spoken out against Trump in the past. 
Earlier this year, Amal Clooney called for Trump to be challenged on his extreme views. 
Watch George Clooney here whine about press giving Trump too much favorable press: 
'When you listen to what the leading candidate on the Republican side has been saying about building walls, about excluding Mexicans and a complete shutdown of all Muslims entering in, and if you actually look at what he specifically said in that now infamous speech about Muslims, he kept saying, 'They only want jihad. They don't believe in our way of life. They don't respect our system,' Clooney said. Via: Daily Mail  
ARTICLE

 Rafael Salamanca's interview on 'Tucker Carlson Tonight' was a major throw down of epic proportions. Reality hit this councilman and he just kept repeating the same talking points. If you want to go up against the brilliant Trucker Carlson then you need to have your facts straight.
ARTICLE

 In The Bubble, life continues for progressive Americans as if the election never happened'¦ Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!
ARTICLE

 
They had to know they had it coming'¦ 
Donald Trump scolded media big shots during an off-the-record Trump Tower sitdown on Monday, sources told The Post. 
'It was like a f'“ing firing squad,' one source said of the encounter. 
'Trump started with [CNN chief] Jeff Zucker and said 'I hate your network, everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed,' ' the source said. 
'The meeting was a total disaster. The TV execs and anchors went in there thinking they would be discussing the access they would get to the Trump administration, but instead they got a Trump-style dressing down,' the source added. 
A second source confirmed the fireworks. 
'The meeting took place in a big board room and there were about 30 or 40 people, including the big news anchors from all the networks,' the other source said. 
'Trump kept saying, 'We're in a room of liars, the deceitful dishonest media who got it all wrong.' He addressed everyone in the room calling the media dishonest, deceitful liars. He called out Jeff Zucker by name and said everyone at CNN was a liar, and CNN was [a] network of liars,' the source said. 
'Trump didn't say [NBC reporter] Katy Tur by name, but talked about an NBC female correspondent who got it wrong, then he referred to a horrible network correspondent who cried when Hillary lost who hosted a debate '“ which was Martha Raddatz who was also in the room.' 
The stunned reporters tried to get a word in edgewise to discuss access to a Trump Administration. 
'[CBS Good Morning co-host Gayle] King did not stand up, but asked some question, 'How do you propose we the media work with you?' Chuck Todd asked some pretty pointed questions. David Muir asked 'How are you going to cope living in DC while your family is in NYC? It was a horrible meeting.' 
Here's a sampling of Trump hitting back at the dishonest media while he was on the campaign trail. Trump did something no other presidential candidate has ever done before, he won the election in a landslide, in spite of the entire fake news empire working together to take him down: 
Trump spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway told reporters the gathering went well. 
'Excellent meetings with the top executives of the major networks,' she said during a gaggle in the lobby of Trump Tower. 'Pretty unprecedented meeting we put together in two days.' 
The meeting was off the record, meaning the participants agreed not to talk about the substance of the conversations. 
The hour-long session included top execs from network and cable news channels. Among the attendees were NBC's Deborah Turness, Lester Holt and Chuck Todd, ABC's James Goldston, George Stephanopoulos, David Muir and Martha Raddatz, 
Also, CBS' Norah O'Donnell John Dickerson, Charlie Rose, Christopher Isham and King, Fox News' Bill Shine, Jack Abernethy, Jay Wallace, Suzanne Scott, MSNBC's Phil Griffin and CNN's Jeff Zucker and Erin Burnett. -Via : NYP  
ARTICLE

DONALD TRUMP SKIPS MEDIA: Delivers Transition Update Straight To The People [Video] Audience members booed Pence as he entered the theater and after the cast's curtain call, the statement was read. Cast member Brandon Dixon stopped Pence on his way out of the performance to publicly shame him in front of the audience and cast members of Hamilton. Dixon's message was written by show creator Lin-Manuel Miranda, director, Thomas Kail and lead producer, Jeffrey Seller, according to the New York Times. 'We, sir, we are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights. We truly hope that this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and to work on behalf of all of us,' Dixon said, reading the message aloud. But cast members were able to give input. RadarOnline investigated whether or not the actors had voted and revealed many leads hadn't in years. Dixon's records show he didn't vote during president Obama's reelection bid in 2012. Javier Munoz, playing the titular role of Hamilton, registered to vote in 2006 and voted in the mid-term elections, but hasn't been on record as voting since. 
Seth Stewart, who plays Thomas Jefferson, voted in 2008 when Obama ran for the first time. He did not vote in 2012. Okieriete 'Oak' Onaodowan, who players James Madison and Hercules Mulligan, registered to vote in 2005 but hasn't been on record voting since. Since the clash with the Hamilton cast, Pence told Fox News he wasn't offended by the message and said the booing 'is what freedom sounds like'. '“ Daily Mail 

ARTICLE

 The left is shameful in their latest effort to create a false narrative that Donald Trump is supportive of racist groups. A full-court-press has been going on all day after a neo-Nazi/alt-right group held a celebration of Trump's victory. The left grabbed onto the news and attached it to Donald Trump and his supporters. There's a big difference between a president like Obama who actually marched with the racist New Black Panthers and sat in a racist church for 20years and Trump who DOES NOT support racist groups and has said so! He can't help who supports him. These people are sickening'¦  
ARTICLE

BOOM! Kellyanne Conway Shuts Down CNN's Cuomo Barracuda Brigade 2016-11-23 THIS IS WHY WE LOVE THIS WOMAN! Kellyanne Conway is one smart cookie and is so quick with comebacks. Watch her shut down Chris Cuomo on his faux concern about 'my president' tweeting: Kellyanne Conway defends Trump's 'Hamilton' twitter scrap: 'Why do you care' https://t.co/11UIp8cKFi https://t.co/vnk4rOhY4m
ARTICLE

SHARIA IN AMERICA? How Minneapolis Muslims Are Still Being Recruited By Terrorists Barracuda Brigade 2016-11-23 Print I truly hope that Trump keeps his promise to keep Muslims out of our country'¦ 100percentfedUp : Isolation of the Somali Muslim community AND teaching Sharia law in Muslim schools in Minneapolis are the two main reasons why we should still fear their recruitment to terrorism. Assimilation hasn't happened and that's a HUGE problem! Pete Hegseth goes to 'Little Mogadishu' and finds out that many Somali Muslims don't speak English and that they actually teach Sharia law in school but not sure about American law. This all goes back to the REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT PROGRAM and the HUGE problem with bringing over 3 million MOSTLY Muslims to the U.S. in the past 30 years. We need to take a look at defunding this program because it's ballooned way past what it was originally intended to be. 
IS THIS HAPPENING IN YOUR TOWN? HERE'S THE LOWDOWN ON THE REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT PROGRAM EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD HEAR: Related
ARTICLE

 Wow! Milwaukee's Sheriff David Clarke nails it again! '[President] Obama is like a tenant who has been evicted from a property, and he's going to trash the place on the way out the door just out of spite. So, nothing would surprise me from Obama in these waning days.' '” Sheriff David Clarke  
