ARTICLE

Reuters 
A juror in the trial of seven militia members charged with seizing a U.S. wildlife refuge in Oregon at gunpoint earlier this year was dismissed for bias, a federal judge said on Wednesday. 
Prosecutors and defense attorneys in the case agreed to the dismissal of the juror, who formerly worked for the federal Bureau of Land Management, after U.S. District Judge Anna Brown said the juror would be questioned more closely about comments he may have made about his bias. 
'It's a new jury, a new day, a new start,' Brown said. 
Brown said deliberations by the jury would start over. An alternate will step in for the dismissed juror. 
The attorney for Ammon Bundy, the leader of those charged, asked the court in a motion on Wednesday morning to dismiss the juror in question and order the jury to begin deliberations again or declare a mistrial. 
The jury's integrity came under scrutiny on Tuesday when it sent the judge a letter saying one juror admitted being 'very biased' as deliberations began last week. 
'Can a juror, a former employee of the Bureau of Land Management, who opens their remarks in deliberations by stating 'I am very biased '¦' be considered an impartial judge in this case?' the letter stated, according to the motion by Bundy's lawyer, Marcus Mumford. 
While it was unclear whether the supposed bias of the juror, identified as Juror No. 11, was for or against the government, Mumford had said further questioning of the person was needed. 
Brown interviewed the juror in private on Tuesday and said she found 'no basis' for determining he was biased. Prosecutors had previously opposed additional interrogation of the jury.
ARTICLE

You can listen on our player . 
To listen on a smart phone, just click this link: http://listen.spacial.com/api/listen/?sid=9826&method=sc It will ask if you want to download or execute. Click 'Execute'. Then on the next screen, Complete action using, click 'Google Play Music'. 
Get together in our chat room: The Pub. Share this:
ARTICLE

The Daily Sheeple '“ by Melissa Dykes 
Josh Earnest'¦ what a stupid name for a guy who obviously thinks we're all as stupid as he sounds at this press conference. 
When confronted with a question on the Project Veritas undercover videos showing all kinds of Dem operatives admitting on tape that they created the Trump protests and other such nasties to incite violence at Trump rallies in an attempt to throw this election Hillary's way, Earnest told the reporter in his best condescending grown up voice that 'we have to take these videos with not just a grain of salt but a whole bag because we can't believe what we see'¦' 
Watch for yourself. 
Don't believe your own eyeballs. That's the White House's official response. That's the best they could do. 
Again, it's undercover video he's talking about here. Not only that, but Robert Creamer did go to the White House over 340 times . It's all on record. 
Come on, dammit.
ARTICLE

Waking Times '“ by Alex Pietrowski 
The most important ecological crisis of the world has ever seen has been underway since March 11th, 2011, yet there is nary a mention of it in the corporate media, and no political body in the world is championing its resolution. Widespread Denial and Willful Ignorance 
The effects on nature are already being seen, yet even among the environmentalist factions of media, there is strong denial of the damage already done and of what is to come as the crisis approaches its sixth year. Some 300 tons of radioactive water are dumped into the Pacific Ocean each day , and signs are showing that this catastrophe is gravely affecting sea-life and wildlife in and around the Pacific . 
The FDA maintains that there is no evidence of contamination by Fukushima borne radionuclides in the American food supply, yet this opinion is contested by some independent researchers. A report by the Fairewinds Energy Education says that cancer is on the rise in areas around the failed power plant, and that millions will die in coming years as a result. '[T]he second report received from Japan proves that the incidence of thyroid cancer is approximately 230 times higher than normal in Fukushima Prefecture'¦ So what's the bottom line? The cancers already occurring in Japan are just the tip of the iceberg. I'm sorry to say that the worst is yet to come.' [ Source ] 
As election year in the U.S. approaches its dramatic climax, it has been striking to observe that neither of the major two-party candidates, or third-party candidates for that matter, have mentioned this crisis at all during the entire election run up. It is a non-issue in American politics, and if you're listening, the silence is deafening. The 40-Year-Plan 
Thus far, all plans to stop radioactive contamination of the Pacific Ocean and the Japanese Islands have failed, the most impressive of which is the construction of a $320 million underground wall of frozen dirt to block the seepage of groundwater into surrounding areas. 1oo feet deep and over a mile long, the ' land-side impermeable wall ' is already failing as rainfall from recent typhoons has caused partial melting of sections of the 'ice wall.' Workers examine pipes for the wall of frozen soil at the embattled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant. Image Credit: http://www.asahi.com/ 
A previous and ongoing cleanup effort requires the on site storage of contaminated water near the Fukushima Daiichi is merely a band-aid as radioactive water continues to accumulate by the day , with no long term plan for proper disposal. 
''¦the filtered water is still full of tritium , a radioactive version of hydrogen. (When two neutrons are added to the element, it becomes unstable, prone to emitting electrons.) Tritium bonds with oxygen just like normal hydrogen does, to produce radioactive 'tritiated water.' It's impractical'”or at least extremely difficult and expensive'”to separate tritiated water from normal water.' [ Source ] Storage tanks at the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear plant. 
The reality here is that this crisis is untouchable in its scope and unparalleled in its lethality, and TEPCO's 40-year-plan to decommission the plant will be a failure. Final Thoughts 
No one of significant import is talking about this crisis or working to elevate it as a national and international priority. The American political scene is focused instead on the selection of the next president being chosen between two candidates who clearly have zero interest in addressing this dire issue. 
Is this because nothing can be done about it? Is this because the energy industry is controlling the conversation and covering up the truth ? Or is this because the agenda for the U.S. at present is geared to destabilization and a push for expansion of the Orwellian Permanent War , and ecological disasters are supportive of the global depopulation scheme in play? 
In any case, the Fukushima meltdown is a slow-burning apocalyptic event that desperately needs our attention. 
For more background, please view the following video summary: 
Read more articles from Alex Pietrowski . About the Author 
Alex Pietrowski is an artist and writer concerned with preserving good health and the basic freedom to enjoy a healthy lifestyle. He is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and Offgrid Outpost , a provider of storable food and emergency kits . Alex is an avid student of Yoga and life. 
This article ( Fukushima '“ The Untouchable Eco-Apocalypse No One is Talking About ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to AlexPietrowski and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement.
ARTICLE

Free Thought Project '“ by John Vibes 
In the midst of deepening tension between US allies NATO and Russia, NATO is planning the largest military buildup along the Russian border since the cold war. 
NATO called on allied governments this week to contribute whatever troops and equipment they can to the effort. According to Reuters, thousands of troops are expected to arrive in the coming days and weeks. 
It was reported that Italy, France, Denmark and other European states are expected to join the NATO military divisions that will be led by the United States along Russias border. 
On Wednesday, Britain announced it is sending hundreds of soldiers and hardware to Russia's borders as part of a huge military deployment. 
A total of 800 troops, drones and tanks are moving to Estonia as part of the biggest military build-up of NATO troops on Russia's borders since the Cold War. 
In addition to the forces allocated for his specific operation, NATO has an army of over 40,000 ready to be called up to fight at any time. 
The US military claims that this threatening move is meant to act as a 'deterrent' to the Russian military, but this is obvious a move that will escalate tensions and push towards a possible third world war. 
'This is a credible deterrence, not to provoke a conflict but to prevent conflict, ' NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said on Tuesday '” ironically ignoring the fact that it is a de facto provocation. 
Just imagine what would happen if Russian troops amassed along the Mexican border and told the US that this move was to 'prevent conflict.' 
The so-called Iskander-M cruise missiles can hit targets across Poland and the Baltics, although NATO officials declined to say if Russia had moved nuclear warheads to Kaliningrad. 
The United States' envoy to NATO, Douglas Lute told reporters that NATO and the US military may consider Russia a threat if they had nuclear weapons within range of NATO's deployment. This statement is insane considering the fact that the US military is the ones who are many miles from home on the border of someone else's lands. 
'This deployment, if it becomes permanent if the presence of nuclear weapons were confirmed, would be a change in (Russia's) security posture, ' Lute said. 
If anyone is a threat, it is NATO and the US government. 
These military tensions are the result of an ongoing proxy war in Syria, in which western powers are attempting to institute a regime change in the country by funding violent rebel groups. Meanwhile, Russia has interests in keeping their allies in the Syrian government in control, putting the two superpowers at odds. 
Until now, Russia and the US have been fighting through third parties, just as they had during the previous cold war, and the same type of situation is developing today. Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/nato-us-uk-assemble-largest-troop-buildup-russian-border-since-cold-war/#Egz3E7sm2qQrQwBh.99 Share this:
ARTICLE

Press TV 
The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has approved a motion that endorses the right of the Palestinians to the al-Aqsa Mosque compound and slams Israeli provocations around the holy site. 
UNESCO's 21-member World Heritage Committee adopted the resolution in Wednesday's secret ballot at the agency's headquarters in Paris. 
Ten countries voted for, two against, eight abstained and one was absent in the voting. 
The resolution expresses UNESCO's deep concerns over Israeli construction works and archaeological excavations in the Old City of Jerusalem al-Quds. 
Saeb Erekat, the secretary general of the Palestine Liberation Organization, welcomed the passage of the motion and accused the Tel Aviv regime of resorting to a campaign of distorting facts in a bid to legitimize its occupation of East Jerusalem al-Quds. 
'Through an orchestrated campaign, Israel has been using archaeological claims and distortion of facts as a way to legitimize the annexation of occupied East Jerusalem,' Erekat said. 
He further noted that the UNESCO resolution urges 'respecting the status quo of its religious sites, including the al-Aqsa Mosque compound that continues to be threatened by the systematic incitement and provocative actions of the Israeli government and extremist Jewish groups.' 
Earlier this month, UNESCO's 58-member Executive Board approved a similar resolution, prompting a furious reaction from Israel as the regime suspended its ties with the agency. 
Wednesday's vote further infuriated Israel, with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announcing that the regime's ambassador to UNESCO, Carmel Shama-Hacohen, had been recalled for consultations. 
'We will decide what the next steps will be,' Netanyahu said in a statement. 
Elias Sanbar, Palestine's UNESCO envoy, fired back at those upset with the resolution and warned that Israelis were 'politicizing religion and this is very dangerous.' 
Makram Mustafa Queisi, Jordan's ambassador to UNESCO, also stressed that UNESCO tried to tackle the issue from a 'technical point of view' while many parties were politicizing it. Palestinian Ambassador to UNESCO Elias Sanbar (L) and Jordanian envoy Makram Mustafa Queisi address the media after an anti-Israel resolution was passed by secret ballot at the agency's headquarters in Paris, France, October 26, 2016. (Photo by AP) 
Palestine became the 195th full member of UNESCO in October 2011, triggering a cut in Tel Aviv's funding to the agency. 
The occupied territories have already been the scene of increased tensions ever since the Israeli regime imposed restrictions on the entry of Palestinian worshipers into the al-Aqsa Mosque compound in August 2015. 
More than 250 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces since the beginning of last October.
ARTICLE

Yahoo News 
A 38-year-old Oklahoma man who has evaded police for two days after killing two people and shooting four others '” including two police officers '” has a hit list and may intend to kill up to eight more people, authorities said Tuesday. 
'This is a man who has indicated a total propensity to kill people, to injure people, shoot people,' said Oklahoma County Sheriff John Whetsel. 'He has no care for human life whatsoever.' 
Authorities believe he may be headed to Nevada and have notified police there to be on the lookout. Oklahoma County Sheriff John Whetsel told ABC News that the suspect, Michael Vance, could face the death penalty if convicted of the crimes. Whetsel is warning citizens to stay clear if they spot Vance, adding that he has 'absolutely nothing to lose.' Vance's rampage began Sunday evening, when he allegedly shot two police officers responding to the scene at a mobile home park over reports of shots fired in the area. The two officers sustained non-life-threatening injuries, officials say, and were temporarily disabled as Vance fled the scene in their patrol car. One officer was shot in the foot and another was hit by gunfire in both legs. 
Investigators believe Vance live-streamed two videos while on the run, one from inside the police cruiser and another while inside another vehicle. In one of the videos, Vance appears in a blood-covered shirt and says he's been shot before showing a rifle on the seat next to him. 
'Letting y'all know, look, this is real,' he says in the video, according to the Associated Press. 'If you want to know what's up next, stay tuned to your local news.' Vance said things were 'going to be intense,' according to an affidavit released on Monday night. 
He then proceeded to a mobile home park, where police discovered the bodies of two of his relatives. Officials identified those victims as 55-year-old Ronald Everett Wilkson and 54-year-old Valerie Kay Wilkson, his wife. 
The affidavit describes wounds consistent with attempts to sever one victim's head and the other's arm. 
Vance then allegedly 'shot at and injured' a woman as he was in the process of stealing her silver 2007 Mitsubishi Eclipse . 
Vance is also suspected of shooting a man during an attempted carjacking early Monday. 
Vance was last known to be driving a 2007 Mitsubishi Eclipse and was armed with an AK-47. He is considered to be armed and extremely dangerous, authorities say. Sheriff Whetsel instructed any potential witnesses not to approach Vance but to call 911 and let the police handle the situation.
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 8 + 8 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Posted on October 26, 2016 by Admin 
By Vekar 
One thing I have yet to see anyone bring up is how this 'election' could be bait and switch at the last minute. In order to understand this however I need to explain the unique possibilities the NWO has created with these two 'candidates' and how this is in fact a very old card from the 1900's. 
First we have Trump, everyone loves Trump because Trump is not Hillary, therefore he must be better, it is an argument based on the following: Stalin killed 47 million and one while Mao killed 47 million and TWO so Stalin is better than Mao! Trump is outright the 'let's go back to sleep' candidate, Hillary is not. Already I have seen and heard more than enough about how if only Trump goes in then at least four more years have been bought and the nation will survive juts four more years. 
From the so called 'militia' and 'patriots' at AWRM and the 'Intelligence' Report they yammer that if only Trump goes in then we can POSTPONE the coming war or buy ourselves more time to prepare, after all, they claim 'time favors us not the enemy.' All this bearing in mind that Trump has gone back on his word many times, changed his mind, flip flopped on illegals, wants a bigger police state, is the most hated in the media, etc. Now let's compare the next runner up quickly. 
Hillary, it is currently chic to hate Hillary, you're not in style if you like her, she will end the nation, doom the world and so on. Never mind that both Trump and Hillary were put up by the NWO, you are not allowed to run otherwise, this is old news. She is going to cause more war, she is a liar, cheat, she betrayed the nation, etc. Yet both her and Trump met with Netanyahu behind closed doors and apparently received his blessing to proceed, it is a trap and we should all know it and see it clearly. She is also the darling of the media. 
Both of them have in common the 1900's rise to power theme of Lenin and Hitler, both take after these two for both nations (Germany and Russia) were in collapse or outright collapsed, debauchery was the rule as well as corruption. Hillary is like Lenin, she is going in red banners flying and the Cheka on her heels to remove any 'undesirables.' She is going to finish the job and push the agenda to the hilt even if it takes war to do it. Trump on the other hand is following Hitlers script, offering hope without promising anything except a bigger government, more powerful police state, etc. Trump will also see the plan to fruition but there is a subtle nuance between these two: one is offering to do it with an iron fist in a velvet glove the other is simply the iron fist. 
Now comes the problem people are not seeing: if they force Hillary in despite all the public outrage then we know for a fact they have reached a level of preparation that is adequate to dealing with public backlash, even insurrection should it be minor or full. If they put Trump in then they are taking the back street approach because they have not gathered the resources yet to put us down and need to put someone in who will quiet the public just like Obama did for a time. This election is about purchasing time; nothing more, nothing less. 
If Trump is put in then already we can see that most are going straight back to bed and not getting up for another four years at minimum, maybe eight. The militias and other 'patriot' groups will declare a 'partial victory' and that they can bury their guns again and whistle Dixie. They are mortified of having to take action so Trump is their obvious choice. Hillary on the other hand represents that steamroller coming down the hill at full tilt, they do not want that and seek to avoid it rather than fight it. The reality is time does NOT favor us here, time favors the enemy. If time favored us then we would not be here, diminished and in dire straits. Imagine how much could have been avoided had the militia stood up during Waco, again time favored the enemy. Ruby Ridge? Time favored the enemy as they whittle away and build their power base up bit by bit. They are not fools. 
Consider those two possibilities then consider this: If Trump goes in and goes along with the 'war with Russia' if indeed that is the plan for WW3 they laid out more than SIXITY years ago admittedly, people are FAR more willing to join Trumps army and go fight than they would Hillary. Something else to consider is perhaps they want a second civil war. Put Hillary in KNOWING it will cause an insurrection, fake one which we know they can do'¦ Have Trump 'reluctantly' take the reins and like Davis lead the way in marching the fools single file into the enemy guns just like the first one causing mass casualties for nothing. A second civil war of this sort would favor the enemy for it would absolutely end the nation, but who would fight for Hillary? Oh right, THAT'S why they are bringing in all those foreigners and foreign troops! Just change the uniform quickly and voila! Some would suggest this would favor the American Nationals'¦ Not really, rather than fight intelligently for the Bill of Rights they would be fighting for TRUMP! They would be fighting to bleed us dry like the Confederates did in the civil war fighting 'by the rules' and it cost them dearly. Only by fighting by OUR OWN RULES can we win, Trump would allow them to guide the slaughter one way or another all the while weakening us. Remember, the end game is to destroy ABSOLUTELY the last vestiges of Americans and our culture, whatever may be left of it, which is not much if anything. 
Perhaps the above is where those warning about the 'coming breakup of America' will occur, perhaps, perhaps not, but they now have the OPTION to do so! I want you to think on all this and let your mind run wild with other possibilities, but just remember that they are right now lining the ducks up (you) while the firing squad is forming up and loading their rifles. No matter WHAT you believe will be the outcome of this and no matter what happens one way or another know that this is all preplanned and they would NEVER allow this situation unless they had a humdinger of a plan hidden just beneath the surface, I hope I scratched that surface for you. Like you, they have a plan A, B, C and D, it is why they have succeeded for more than two centuries! Do not take them for the fool, they have proven they are not. 
So maybe we will get Trump and the populace will quiet down while the communists march on with a different uniform, Cheka versus Gestapo. Then again Hillary might go in and just finish things and be done with it or prep the nation for the next phase. No matter what happens, be ready for it and do not let them sucker you into believing this honest or that TRUMP is honest! They are both in on it together! They merely represent two different paths for them to reach their ultimate goal! Share this:
ARTICLE

Published on May 1, 2016 by CBS Sunday Morning There is a place in Minnesota that has the feel of small town America, but if you want to get to the Northwest Angle, travelers have to leave the U.S. and go through Canada to get there. Lee Cowan explains a geographical quirk along the northern border. Share this:
ARTICLE

Yahoo News Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine said in an interview published Monday that, if elected, Hillary Clinton would quickly ask Congress for fresh legal authority to make war on the so-called Islamic State and other terrorist groups around the world. 'Hillary has said that that's something she wants to do very early in her administration,' the Virginia senator said. He made his remarks in an interview with ' The Axe Files ,' hosted by David Axelrod, a former top adviser to President Obama. Kaine said the former secretary of state will press lawmakers to rewrite the Sept. 14, 2001, Authorization for Use of Military Force (AUMF) that set the stage for the invasion of Afghanistan and has underpinned the entire war on terrorism. Obama has invoked the measure to argue that his undeclared but escalating war on ISIS is legal, a position Kaine had previously dismissed as an ' Alice in Wonderland ' strategy. Clinton believes that 'it's time for us to take that now-outdated authorization, and really think about what we are confronting, and work together to reach some legislative-executive accord about what it is we're doing,' Kaine told Axelrod. 'It's time for Congress to get back in the game and refine and revise that authorization.' Seventy percent of the current Congress wasn't in office when lawmakers approved the 2001 AUMF, and America's terrorist enemies have 'morphed and changed,' the senator argued. Obama called in a May 2013 speech for revising and repealing the 2001 AUMF, saying it was time to get America off 'a perpetual wartime footing.' His top aides have since admitted that the job will fall to the next president . No lawmaker has worked harder than Kaine to get Congress to debate and vote on an AUMF that specifically covers the Islamic State. 'We have allowed President Obama to wage an executive war of his own choosing without any congressional permission for nearly two years,' Kaine told Virginia Military Institute cadets at their graduation in mid-May. 'It's not hard to imagine that a future president will use this example to also justify initiating war without the permission of Congress.' Clinton had sent mixed messages about whether she would seek a new AUMF, but lined up earlier this year squarely behind her running mate's view. A spokesman for her campaign, Jesse Lehrich, told Yahoo News in July that the former secretary of state 'agrees with Senator Kaine that if we are serious about confronting ISIS, Congress ought to express its resolve to stand behind our military and win this fight by passing a new AUMF.' After stalling at the request of vulnerable Democratic lawmakers facing the 2014 midterm elections, Obama finally submitted an ISIS-specific AUMF to Congress in February 2015, but it's essentially dead . The legislation reflected his national security aides' desire that it not tie his hands. The document authorized airstrikes in Iraq and Syria in the following three years. It forbade the use of American ground troops in ' enduring offensive ground combat operations ' '” a term the White House described as deliberately vague. It also allowed strikes against 'individuals and organizations fighting for, on behalf of, or alongside ISIL' anywhere in the world. Democrats have balked at supporting such a sweeping measure. Republicans have pointed to the three-year limit and the ground-combat language to argue that the AUMF improperly binds the hands of Obama's successor. The truth of the matter is that both sides see political peril in the president's proposal. Democrats recall how voting in favor of the Iraq War helped to doom Clinton's 2008 presidential ambitions. And Republicans, who could vote to remove the language they describe as objectionable, prefer to criticize Obama's handling of the conflict without taking any steps that might make them co-owners of the strategy.
ARTICLE

Posted on October 26, 2016 by GrinNBarrett 
International Liberty '“ by Dan Mitchell 
This arrived in my inbox today. A quick search on the Internet reveals it is not a real article from a Canadian paper. But it is somewhat amusing, so enjoy. 
'Build a Damn Fence!' From The Manitoba Herald , Canada ; by Clive Runnels, December 1st 2010 
The flood of American liberals sneaking across the border into Canada has intensified in the past week, sparking calls for increased patrols to stop the illegal immigration. The recent actions of the Tea Party are prompting an exodus among left-leaning citizens who fear they'll soon be required to hunt, pray, and to agree with Bill O'Reilly and Glenn Beck. 
Canadian border farmers say it's not uncommon to see dozens of sociology professors, animal-rights activists and Unitarians crossing their fields at night. 'I went out to milk the cows the other day, and there was a Hollywood producer huddled in the barn,' said Manitoba farmer Red Greenfield , whose acreage borders North Dakota . The producer was cold, exhausted and hungry. He asked me if I could spare a latte and some free-range chicken. When I said I didn't have any, he left before I even got a chance to show him my screenplay, eh?' 
In an effort to stop the illegal aliens, Greenfield erected higher fences, but the liberals scaled them. He then installed loudspeakers that blared Rush Limbaugh across the fields. 'Not real effective,' he said. 'The liberals still got through and Rush annoyed the cows so much that they wouldn't give any milk.' 
Officials are particularly concerned about smugglers who meet liberals near the Canadian border, pack them into Volvo station wagons and drive them across the border where they are simply left to fend for themselves.' A lot of these people are not prepared for our rugged conditions,' an Ontario border patrolman said. 'I found one carload without a single bottle of imported drinking water. They did have a nice little Napa Valley Cabernet, though.' 
When liberals are caught, they're sent back across the border, often wailing loudly that they fear retribution from conservatives. Rumors have been circulating about plans being made to build re-education camps where liberals will be forced to drink domestic beer and watch NASCAR races. 
In recent days, liberals have turned to ingenious ways of crossing the border. Some have been disguised as senior citizens taking a bus trip to buy cheap Canadian prescription drugs. After catching a half-dozen young vegans in powdered wig disguises, Canadian immigration authorities began stopping buses and quizzing the supposed senior citizens about Perry Como and Rosemary Clooney to prove that they were alive in the '50s. 'If they can't identify the accordion player on The Lawrence Welk Show, we become very suspicious about their age.' an official said. 
Canadian citizens have complained that the illegal immigrants are creating an organic-broccoli shortage and are renting all the Michael Moore movies 'I really feel sorry for American liberals, but the Canadian economy just can't support them.' an Ottawa resident said. 'How many art-history majors does one country need?'
ARTICLE

Posted on October 26, 2016 by Barry Soetoro, Esq Published on Oct 26, 2016 by Barry Soetoro HILLARY SUPPORTER (PAID OR UNPAID?) SLEEPS THRU HILLARY'S RALLY IN COCONUT CREEK, FLA. UNFORTUNATELY, THIS SNOOZING FAN IS POSITIONED OVER HILLARY'S SHOULDER ON LIVE TV. 
NOBODY COMES TO HILLARY CLINTON RALLIES '” BECAUSE SHE'S BORING AND MENTALLY ILL. WHO WANTS TO WATCH A COMMUNIST WITH DEMENTIA SCREECH ABOUT ROADS AND BRIDGES? 
HILLARY HAS FINALLY EMERGED FROM HIDING, JUST IN TIME TO STEAL ELECTION 2016 VIA VOTER FRAUD. BUT WILL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE BELIEVE SHE 'WON' AFTER SEEING HILLARY'S PATHETIC TINY RALLY CROWDS? BEFORE SHE RIGS THE ELECTION, SHE'D BETTER DO A BETTER JOB RIGGING HER RALLIES. 
HILLARY'S EYEBALL GONE WILD:
ARTICLE

Posted on October 26, 2016 by Admin 
Sent to us by a reader. 
I just found this on my front door . It's a notice from my privatized water company threatening a water shut-off in 3 days unless I allow them to change my analog water meter (works just fine). 
At first I thought it was because I owed them money on a past -due water bills so I called this global corporation up, who incidentally is owned by get this, RWE based in Germany, and who, incidentally controls 70% of Amerika's municipal water supplies. Don't believe me CHECK IT OUT! 
I'm talking about American water, INc here'“a facist/globalist/statist outfit if ever one existed. Hey Donald, can we shut these bastards down and let WE THE PEOPLE have our own water? Please. Pretty Please! 
Of course, our grand-parents and great grand parents never lived under this globalist hell, but I digress. 
I phoned this water co. up and I was informed by one of their know-nothings that I had to comply with the alleged PUC directive to allow them into my home or my water would be shut off until I agreed to allow them into my home. Does the word EXTORTION still have meaning 
Anyway, aside from being bilked 10 cents a gallon for what amounts to municipal waste water ( some families pay $4,000 a year for water here), 
I am faced with a dilemma! Do I allow some idiot techs to install their dangerous new smart water meter or should I follow the instructions in this youtube video? 
I await your sound advice, whomever you are reading this. 
J 
all rights reserved under the Constitution for the United States of America 1789 Share this:
ARTICLE

PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 26 (UPI) '” Brian Cavalier, the personal bodyguard of Ammon Bundy, on Tuesday was sentenced to time served in custody, exactly 9 months, for his role in the 41-day Oregon wildlife refuge standoff earlier this year. 
U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown delivered the sentence in a downtown Portland federal courthouse. 
'You've fulfilled the custody provision of the sentence,' Brown told Cavalier, who remains under U.S. Marshals Service custody while awaiting transfer to Nevada where he faces federal charges from a 2014 armed standoff. 
Cavalier pleaded guilty on June 29 to one charge of conspiring to prevent federal workers from the Bureau of Land Management and the Fish and Wildlife Service from carrying out official work through intimidation, threat or force, and one charge of possession of a firearm in a federal facility. 
Cavalier will also face three years of post-prison supervision that would begin after or occur concurrently with any supervision ordered by Nevada should Cavalier be sentenced in that case, The Oregonian reports. 
Bundy, his brother Ryan Bundy, and five others '” including Cavalier '” were charged with conspiracy, while other defendants have been charged with theft of government property and carrying a firearm in a federal facility, Oregon Public Broadcasting reports. 
The Oregon incident began in early January in the town of Burns, where protesters were voicing support for ranchers Dwight Hammond, 73, and his son Steven, 46, who were convicted of arson in 2012 and served time in prison but whose sentences a court later ruled were too short. 
The protesters, led by Bundy, would later occupy Oregon's Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in a tense 41-day standoff with federal authorities. 
Bundy is the son of Cliven Bundy, a Nevada rancher who gained international attention in 2014 after staging an armed standoff with federal authorities over a grazing dispute with the Bureau of Land Management. 
Cavalier will stand trial for the 2014 Nevada standoff in February. He is the first of the 26 defendants indicted in the Oregon conspiracy case.
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 13 + 12 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 15 + 13 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Reuters 
On a rooftop overlooking the walls of Jerusalem's Old City, around 200 American-Israeli fans of Donald Trump gathered to proclaim their support for the Republican candidate, convinced he will be Israel's best friend if elected. 
Wearing 'Make America Great Again' baseball caps, the small crowd, ranging from Holocaust survivors in their 80s to grinning teenagers in Trump t-shirts, said they didn't care about the sexual assault allegations against the candidate or the online anti-Semitism of some of his supporters. 
'Trump will let Israel be itself and make its own decisions, that's what I like,' David Weissman, a 35-year-old from Queens, New York, who moved to Israel three years ago, said at the event late on Wednesday. 
'He's not a saint, but look at his achievements. He's not afraid to identify the enemy as radical Islam, and he's not going to support the two-state solution,' he said, referring to long-standing efforts to forge peace with the Palestinians. 
Trump has said that the women who have accused him of sexual misconduct fabricated their stories to damage his campaign. 
Others at the rally said they liked the fact that Trump was promising to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, officially recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital, and would not berate Israel for building Jewish settlements in occupied territory. 
'It's very important that he becomes president,' said Connie Gordner, 82, who moved to Israel from Jacksonville, Florida, 21 years ago. 'If Hillary Clinton becomes president, we're dead.' 
The rally was organized by Republicans Overseas Israel, which estimates that there are 300,000 U.S. citizens living in Israel or in Jewish settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, which the Palestinians seek for their own state. 
Even if only a third of those cast absentee ballots, organizers believe it could have an impact in some swing states, come Nov. 8. Marc Zell, co-chairman of the non-profit group, believes around three-quarters of American-Israelis support the Republican party and its candidate. 
In an impassioned speech to the small crowd, David Friedman, Trump's adviser on Israel, heaped criticism on Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for her decisions as secretary of state and said Trump was Israel's greatest hope. 
'Under Trump, the United States will never pressure Israel into accepting a two-state solution or any other solution that is against the wishes of the Israeli people,' he said, to whoops, cheers and a few shouts of 'Crooked Hillary'. 
While the motley crowd was unabashed in its Trumpian fervor, polls indicate that most Jewish Israelis favor Clinton over Trump, by 40 percent to 31 percent. 
The critical element is American-Israelis who retain the right to vote in U.S. elections. Some estimates suggest more than a quarter of them live in settlements, which tend to have a more conservative, national-religious outlook. Trump's messages have been designed to appeal to their sentiments. 
On Wednesday, he delivered a minute-long video to the rally, playing up his connections to Judaism through his daughter's marriage, saying it enhanced his respect for the faith. 
'My administration will stand side-by-side with the Jewish people and Israel's leaders to continue strengthening the bridges that connect not only Jewish Americans and Israelis but also all Americans and Israelis,' he said. 
'Together we will make America and Israel safe again.'
ARTICLE

RT 
The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), facing criticism over its classification of carcinogens, has reportedly been advising its scientific experts not to publish internal research data on its 2015 report on 'probably carcinogenic' glyphosate. 
The IARC urged its scientists not to publish research documents on its 2015 weedkiller glyphosate review, according to Reuters. The agency told Reuters on Tuesday that it tried to protect the study from 'external interference,' as well as protect its intellectual rights, since it was 'the sole owner of such materials.' 
The scientists had been asked earlier to release all the documentation on the 2015 report under US freedom of information laws. 
The groundbreaking review, published in March 2015 by the IARC '“ a semi-autonomous agency of the World Health Organization (WHO) '“ labeled the glyphosate herbicide as 'probably carcinogenic to humans.' Glyphosate is a key ingredient of Monsanto's flagship weedkiller well-known under the trade name 'Roundup.' It is one of the most heavily used herbicides in the world and is designed to go along with genetically-modified 'Roundup Ready' crops, also produced by Monsanto. 
The IARC's report caused problems for both the notorious agrochemical giant and the agency itself. 
The report sparked a heated debate around the use of Roundup, and caused several EU countries '“ including France, Sweden, and the Netherlands '“ to object to the renewal of the glyphosate's EU license. The vote on prolonging the glyphosate license for 15 years failed several times in June 2016, but the license was temporarily extended for 18 months during last hours before its expiration. 
The controversial report has seemingly made the IARC a target for attacks from multiple directions, and raised scientific, legal, and financial questions. 
Various critics, including those in the chemical industry, said the IARC's evaluations are fuel for 'unnecessary health scares,' since the IARC allegedly studies the potentially harmful substance itself, and not a 'typical human' exposure to it. It remained unclear whether the critics urged a WHO body to test the potentially carcinogenic chemical on humans. 
The critics also brought up other controversial statements from the IARC, over whether such things as mobile phones, coffee, red meat, and processed meat could cause cancer. 
The agency defended its methods as scientifically sound and 'widely respected for their scientific rigor, standardized and transparent process and'¦freedom from conflicts of interest.' Numerous freedom of information requests by the Energy & Environment Legal Institute (E&E Legal), a US conservative advocacy group, have since been turned down with this reasoning. 
E&E Legal told Reuters that it is pushing a legal challenge over whether the documents in question belong to the IARC or to the US federal and state institutions where some of the experts work. Basically, it's being decided whether the IARC, as part of the WHO, is truly independent and free from 'conflicts of interest.' 
According to Reuters, officials from the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) will be questioned by a congressional committee about why American taxpayers fund the cancer agency, which faces much criticism over its allegedly faulty classification of carcinogens. 
'IARC's standards and determinations for classifying substances as carcinogenic, and therefore cancer-causing, appear inconsistent with other scientific research, and have generated much controversy and alarm,' a letter from US Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz to NIH director Francis Collins states, as quoted by Reuters. 
The Oversight Committee demanded a full disclosure of NIH funding of the IARC, and even money spent in relation to the cancer agency's activities. 
IARC opponents from scientific circles vowed to provide their data on the matter. The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), which believes glyphosate is 'unlikely pose a carcinogenic hazard to humans,' promised to release its raw data on the subject as part of its 'commitment to open risk assessment.' The food safety watchdog made this statement in late September, and still has to deliver the promised information.
ARTICLE

Alt-Market '“ by Brandon Smith 
When people unfamiliar with the liberty movement stumble onto the undeniable fact of the 'conspiracy' of globalism they tend to look for easy answers to understand what it is and why it exists. Most people today have been conditioned to perceive events from a misinterpreted standpoint of 'Occam's Razor' '” they wrongly assume that the simplest explanation is probably the right one. 
In fact, this is not what Occam's Razor states. Instead, to summarize, it states that the simplest explanation GIVEN THE EVIDENCE at hand is probably the right explanation. 
It has been well known and documented for decades that the push for globalism is a deliberate and focused effort on the part of a select 'elite;' international financiers, central bankers, political leaders and the numerous members of exclusive think tanks. They often openly admit their goals for total globalization in their own publications, perhaps believing that the uneducated commoners would never read them anyway. Carroll Quigley, mentor to Bill Clinton and member of the Council on Foreign Relations, is often quoted with open admissions to the general scheme: 
'The powers of financial capitalism had (a) far-reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of the systems was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland; a private bank owned and controlled by the world's central banks which were themselves private corporations. Each central bank'¦ sought to dominate its government by its ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the level of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world.' '“ Carroll Quigley, Tragedy And Hope 
The people behind the effort to enforce globalism are tied together by a particular ideology, perhaps even a cult-like religion, in which they envision a world order as described in Plato's Republic. They believe that they are 'chosen' either by fate, destiny or genetics to rule as philosopher kings over the rest of us. They believe that they are the wisest and most capable that humanity has to offer, and that through evolutionary means, they can create chaos and order out of thin air and mold society at will. 
This mentality is evident in the systems that they build and exploit. For example, central banking in general is nothing more than a mechanism for driving nations into debt, currency devaluation, and ultimately, enslavement through widespread economic extortion. The end game for central banks is, I believe, the triggering of historic financial crisis, which can then be used by the elites as leverage to promote complete global centralization as the only viable solution. 
This process of destabilizing economies and societies is not directed by the heads of the various central banks. Instead, it is directed by even more central global institutions like the International Monetary Fund and the Bank for International Settlements, as outlined in revealing mainstream articles like Ruling The World Of Money published by Harpers Magazine. 
We also find through the words of globalists that the campaign for a 'new world order' is not meant to be voluntary. 
''¦ When the struggle seems to be drifting definitely towards a world social democracy, there may still be very great delays and disappointments before it becomes an efficient and beneficent world system. Countless people '¦ will hate the new world order '¦ and will die protesting against it. When we attempt to evaluate its promise, we have to bear in mind the distress of a generation or so of malcontents, many of them quite gallant and graceful-looking people.' '“ HG Welles, Fabian Socialist and author of The New World Order 
'In short, the 'house of world order' will have to be built from the bottom up rather than f rom the top down. It will look like a great 'booming, buzzing confusion,' to use William James' famous description of reality, but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault.' '“ Richard Gardner, member of the Trilateral Commission, published in the April, 1974 issue of Foreign Affairs 
'The New World Order cannot happen without U.S. participation, as we are the single most significant component. Yes, there will be a New World Order, and it will force the United States to change its perceptions.' '“ Henry Kissinger, World Action Council, April 19, 1994 
I could quote globalists all day long, but I think you get the general idea. While some people see globalism as a 'natural offshoot' of free markets or the inevitable outcome of economic progress, the reality is that the simplest explanation (given the evidence at hand) is that globalism is an outright war waged against the ideal of sovereign peoples and nations. It is a guerrilla war, or fourth generation warfare, waged by a small group of elites against the rest of us. 
A significant element of this war concerns the nature of borders. Borders of nations, states and even towns and villages, are not just lines on a map or invisible barriers in the dirt. This is what the elites and the mainstream media would like us to believe. Instead, borders when applied correctly represent principles; or at least, that is supposed to be their function. 
Human beings are natural community builders; we are constantly seeking out others of like-mind and like-purpose because we understand subconsciously that groups of individuals working together can (often but not always) accomplish more. That said, human beings also have a natural tendency to value individual freedom and the right to voluntary association. We do not like to be forced to associate with people or groups that do not hold similar values. 
Cultures erect borders because, frankly, people have the right to vet those who wish to join and participate in their endeavors. People also have a right to discriminate against anyone who does not share their core values; or, in other words, we have the right to refuse association with other groups and ideologies that are destructive to our own. 
Interestingly, globalists and their mouthpieces will argue that by refusing to associate with those who might undermine our values, it is WE who are violating THEIR rights. See how that works? 
Globalists exploit the word 'isolationism' to shame sovereignty champions in the eyes of the public, but there is no shame in isolation when such principles as freedom of speech and expression or the right to self defense are on the line. There is also nothing wrong with isolating a prosperous economic model from unsuccessful economic models. Forcing a decentralized free market economy to adopt feudal administration through central banking and government will eventually destroy that model. Forcing a free market economy into fiscal interdependencey with socialist economies will also most likely undermine that culture. Just as importing millions of people with differing values to feed on a nation after it has had socialism thrust upon it is a recipe for collapse. 
The point is, some values and social structures are mutually exclusive; no matter how hard you try, certain cultures can never be homogenized with other cultures. You can only eliminate one culture to make room for the other in a border-less world. This is what globalists seek to achieve. It is the greater purpose behind open border policies and globalization '“ to annihilate ideological competition so that humanity thinks it has no other option but the elitist religion. The ultimate end game of globalists is not to control governments (governments are nothing more than a tool). Rather, their end game is to obtain total psychological influence and eventually consent from the masses. 
Variety and choice have to be removed from our environment in order for globalism to work, which is a nice way to say that many people will have to die and many principles will have to be erased from the public consciousness. The elites assert that their concept of a single world culture is the pinnacle principle of mankind, and that there is no longer any need for borders because no other principle is superior to theirs. As long as borders as a concept continue to exist there is always the chance of separate and different ideals rising to compete with the globalist philosophy. This is unacceptable to the elites. 
This has led not so subtle propaganda meme that cultures that value sovereignty over globalism are somehow seething cauldrons of potential evil. Today, with the rising tide of anti-globalist movements, the argument in the mainstream is that 'populists' (conservatives) are of a lower and uneducated class and are a dangerous element set to topple the 'peace and prosperity' afforded by globalist hands. In other words, we are treated like children scrawling with our finger paints across a finely crafted Mona Lisa. Once again, Carroll Quigley promotes (or predicts) this propaganda decades in advance when he discusses the need for 'working within the system' for change instead of fighting against it: 
'For example, I've talked about the lower middle class as the backbone of fascism in the future. I think this may happen. The party members of the Nazi Party in Germany were consistently lower middle class. I think that the right-wing movements in this country are pretty generally in this group.' '“ Carroll Quigley, from Dissent: Do We Need It? 
The problem is that these people refuse to confront the fruits of globalization that can be observed so far. Globalists have had free reign over most of the world's governments for at least a century, if not longer. As a consequence of their influences, we have had two World Wars, the Great Depression, the Great Recession which is still ongoing, too many regional conflicts and genocides to count and the systematic oppression of free agent entrepreneurs, inventors and ideas to the point that we are now suffering from social and financial stagnation. 
The globalists have long been in power, yet, the existence of borders is blamed for the storm of crises we have endured for the past hundred years? Liberty champions are called 'deplorable' populists and fascists while globalists dodge blame like slimy slithering eels? 
This is the best card the globalists have up their sleeve, and it is the reason why I continue to argue that they plan to allow conservative movements to gain a measure of political power in the next year, only to pull the plug on international fiscal life support and blame us for the resulting tragedy. 
There is no modicum of evidence to support the notion that globalization, interdependencey and centralization actually work. One need only examine the economic and immigration nightmare present in the EU to understand this. So, the globalists will now argue that the world is actually not centralized ENOUGH. That's right; they will claim we need more globalization, not less, to solve the world's ailments. 
In the meantime, principles of sovereignty have to be historically demonized '” the concept of separate cultures built on separate beliefs has to be psychologically equated with evil by future generations. Otherwise, the globalists will never be able to successfully establish a global system without borders. 
Imagine, for a moment, an era not far away in which the principle of sovereignty is considered so abhorrent, so racist, so violent and poisonous that any individual would be shamed or even punished by the collective for entertaining the notion. Imagine a world in which sovereignty and conservatism are held up to the next generation as the new 'original sins;' dangerous ideas that almost brought about the extinction of man. 
This mental prison is where globalists want to take us. We can break free, but this would require a complete reversal of the way in which we participate in society. Meaning, we need a rebellion of voluntary associations. A push for decentralization instead of globalization. Thousands upon thousands of voluntary groups focusing on localization, self reliance and true production. We must act to build a system that is based on redundancy instead of fragile interdependencey. We need to go back to an age of many borders, not less borders, until every individual is himself free to participate in whatever social group or endeavor he believes is best for him, as well as free to defend against people that seek to sabotage him; a voluntary tribal society devoid of forced associations. 
Of course, this effort would require unimaginable sacrifice and a fight that would probably last a generation. To suggest otherwise would be a lie. I can't possibly convince anyone that a potential future based on a hypothetical model is worth that sacrifice. I have no idea whether it is or is not. I can only point out that the globalist dominated world we live in today is clearly doomed. We can argue about what comes next after we have removed our heads from the guillotine.
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 15 + 14 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 4 + 7 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Washinton's Blog '“ by David Swanson 
Officially, of course, the national bird of the United States is that half-a-peace-sign that Philadelphia sports fans like to hold up at opposing teams. But unofficially, the film National Bird has it right: the national bird is a killer drone. 
Finally, finally, finally, somebody allowed me to see this movie. And finally somebody made this movie. There have been several drone movies worth seeing , most of them fictional drama , and one very much worth avoiding ( Eye in the Sky ). But National Bird is raw truth, not entirely unlike what you might fantasize media news reports would be in a magical world in which media outlets gave a damn about human life. 
The first half of National Bird is the stories of three participants in the U.S. military's drone murder program, as told by them. And then, just as you're starting to think you'll have to write that old familiar review that praises how well the stories of the victims among the aggressors were told but asks in exasperation whether any of the victims of the actual missiles have any stories, National Bird expands to include just what is so often missing, and even to combine the two narratives in a powerful way. 
Heather Linebaugh wanted to protect people, benefit the world, travel, see the world, and use super cool technology. Apparently our society did not explain to her in time what it means to join the military. Now she suffers guilt, anxiety, moral injury, PTSD, sleep disorder, despair, and a sense of responsibility to speak out on behalf of friends, other veterans, who have killed themselves or become too alcoholic to speak for themselves. Linebaugh helped murder people with missiles from drones, and watched them die, and identified body parts or watched loved ones gather up body parts. 
Even while still in the Air Force, Linebaugh was on a suicide watch list and had a psychologist recommend moving her to a different sort of job, but the Air Force refused. She has episodes. She sees things. She hears things. But she's forbidden to discuss her work with friends or even with a therapist who doesn't have the proper 'security clearance.' 
We let Daniel down even more than Heather. He says he actually opposed militarism but was homeless and desperate, so he joined the military. We could have given him a house for much less than we paid him to help murder people at Fort Meade. 
Lisa Ling worked on a database filled by drone surveillance that compiled information on 121,000 'targets' in two years. Multiply that by a dozen years. With 90% of victims not among the targets, add up how many people would die in the targeting of the whole list. That'd be over 7 million. But it's not numbers that have poisoned the souls of these three veterans; it's children and mothers and brothers and uncles lying in pieces on the ground. 
Ling travels to Afghanistan to see the place at ground level and to meet with drone victims. She meets a little boy who lost his leg and his 4-year-old brother and his sister and his father. On February 2, 2010, drone 'pilots' at Creech Air Base murdered 23 innocent members of one family. 
The filmmakers have voices read the written transcript of what the drone operators said to each other before, during, and after sending in the missiles that did the damage. This is worse than Collateral Murder . The people whose job it is to identify children and others who should not be murdered have identified children among the group of people being targeted. The 'pilots' at Creech are eager to reject this information and to get onto killing as many people as they can. Their lust for blood drives the decision process. Only after they've killed 23 people do they recognize children among the survivors, and the lack of guns. 
We see the bodies brought home to bury. Those injured describe their suffering, physical as well as mental. We see people being fitted with artificial legs. We hear Afghans describe their perception of drones. They imagine, just as many Americans may imagine, and just as viewers of Eye in the Sky would imagine, that drone operators have a clear, high resolution view of everything. In fact, they have a view of fuzzy little blobs on a computer screen that looks like it was created in the 1980s. 
Linebaugh says there is no way to distinguish the little 'civilian' blobs from little 'militant' blobs. When Daniel hears President Obama claim that there is always near certainty that no civilians will be killed, Daniel explains that such knowledge is simply not possible. Linebaugh says she was often on the side of the conversation telling the 'pilots' at Creech not to murder innocents, but that they always pushed for permission to kill. 
Jesselyn Radack, attorney for whistleblowers, says in the film that the FBI told two whistleblowers that a terrorist group had put them on a kill list. She said that the FBI has also contacted Linebaugh's family and warned her that 'terrorists' have been searching for her name online, suggesting that she fix this problem by shutting up. (She had written an op-ed in the Guardian ). 
The FBI also raids Daniel's house, arriving with 30 to 50 agents, badges, guns, cameras, and search warrants. They take away his papers, electronics, and phone. They tell him he is under investigation for a possible indictment under the Espionage Act. This is the World War I-era law for targeting foreign enemies that President Obama has made a routine of using to target domestic whistleblowers. While Obama has prosecuted more people under this law than did all previous presidents combined, we probably have no way of knowing how many people have been explicitly threatened with the possibility. 
While we should be apologizing to, comforting, and aiding these young people rather than denying them the right to speak to anybody and threatening them with decades in prison, Lisa Ling did manage to find some kindness. Victims of drone strikes in Afghanistan told her that they forgave her. As the film ends, she's planning another trip to Afghanistan.
ARTICLE

Jon Rappoport 
If you wanted to buy a product, and the main source of research on the product was the company selling it, would you automatically assume the product was safe and effective? 
But you see, that's the just the beginning of the problem. Suppose the company's research was cited thousands of times in the press, as the authoritative standard of proof'”and anyone who disputed that research was labeled a conspiracy theorist and a quack and a danger to the community and an anti-science lunatic. 
Would you begin to suspect the company had some awesome media connections? Would you suspect some very powerful people were backing the company? 
This is exactly the situation with the US Centers for Disease Control (CDC). Read these two quotes: 
The government's Vaccine for Children Program (a CDC organization) purchases vaccines for about 50 percent of children in the U.S.' (The Atlantic, February 10, 2015) 
'The CDC currently spends over $4 billion purchasing vaccines [annually] from drug makers'¦' (Health Impact News, October 24, 2016) 
However, the CDC is also the gold standard for research on the safety and efficacy of vaccines. It turns out an unending stream of studies on these subjects. And the results of those studies are dutifully reported in the mainstream press. 
Do you think, under any circumstances, the CDC would publish data showing vaccines are ineffective and dangerous? They'd be cutting their own throats. 
'Well, we spend $4 billion a year buying vaccines from drug companies, but guess what? These vaccines are often dangerous'¦' 
Every time you read about a CDC study on vaccines, keep this obvious conflict of interest in mind. 
When, in 2014, William Thompson, a long-time CDC researcher, publicly admitted he and his colleagues had buried data that would have shown the MMR vaccine increases the risk of autism, he was throwing a stick of dynamite into the whole CDC operation. He was also saying, in recorded phone conversations, that the CDC was lying about vaccine safety in other studies. 
This is why major media refused to cover or investigate Thompson's claims. This is why they spread a blanket of silence over his revelations. 
Thompson was threatening a $ 4-billion-a-year enterprise. 
The CDC is both a PR agency for, and a buyer from, Big Pharma. 

Speaking of PR, would you like to see an example of how the CDC promotes the yearly flu vaccine by lying egregiously about flu deaths in the United States? 
In December of 2005, the British Medical Journal (online) published a shocking report by Peter Doshi, which created tremors through the halls of the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), where 'the experts' used to tell the press that 36,000 people in the US die every year from the flu. 
Here is a quote from Doshi's report, 'Are US flu death figures more PR than science?' (BMJ 2005; 331:1412): 
'[According to CDC statistics], 'influenza and pneumonia' took 62,034 lives in 2001'”61,777 of which were attributable to pneumonia and 257 to flu, and in only 18 cases was the flu virus positively identified.' 
Boom. 
You see, the CDC has created one overall category that combines both flu and pneumonia deaths. Why do they do this? Because they disingenuously assume that the pneumonia deaths are complications stemming from the flu. 
This is an absurd assumption. Pneumonia has a number of causes. 
But even worse, in all the flu and pneumonia deaths, only 18 revealed the presence of an influenza virus. 
Therefore, the CDC could not say, with assurance, that more than 18 people died of influenza in 2001. Not 36,000 deaths. 18 deaths. 
Doshi continued his assessment of published CDC flu-death statistics: 'Between 1979 and 2001, [CDC] data show an average of 1348 [flu] deaths per year (range 257 to 3006).' These figures refer to flu separated out from pneumonia. 
This death toll is obviously far lower than the parroted 36,000 figure. 
However, when you add the sensible condition that lab tests have to actually find the flu virus in patients, the numbers of flu deaths plummet even further. 
In other words, it's all promotion and hype. 
'Well, uh, we say that 36,000 people die from the flu every year in the US. But actually, it's closer to 20. However, we can't admit that, because if we did, we'd be exposing our gigantic psyop. The whole campaign to scare people into getting a flu shot would have about the same effect as warning people to carry iron umbrellas, in case toasters fall out of upper-story windows'¦and, by the way, we'd be put in prison for fraud.' 
The CDC must turn out a steady stream of outrageous lies about the need for vaccines. If they didn't, they'd have no way to justify the billions of dollars they spend every year buying the vaccines from drug companies. 
Since the sold-out major media won't connect these dots, I and others need to. 
Jon Rappoport 
The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED , EXIT FROM THE MATRIX , and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29 th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free NoMoreFakeNews emails here or his free OutsideTheRealityMachine emails here .
ARTICLE

Free Thought Project '“ by Claire Bernish 
Tony Podesta '” brother of the now-disgraced Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, whose files Wikileaks has been publishing '” is not only a powerful Democratic Party lobbyist, but a registered foreign agent receiving a hefty monthly paycheck from the nefarious government of Saudi Arabia. 
No '” as tinfoil-hat conspiracy theorist as it might sound '” that scenario is the absolute truth. 
In 1988, John and Tony Podesta formed the Podesta Group and have used their bigwig party-insider status to lobby and influence government policies '” while, at various times, simultaneously holding positions of power '” which has created a number of glaring conflicts of interest. 
According to the March 2016 filing made in accordance with the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, Tony Podesta is an active foreign agent of the Saudi government with the ' Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court ,' and acts as an officer of the Saudi Arabia account. 
At this point, the web of pay-for-play between the Washington, political heavyweights, and foreign governments comes lurching into the spotlight. 
For starters, the Podesta brothers' lobbying firm receives $140,000 every month from the Saudi government, which, in no uncertain terms '” and despite a status as privileged U.S. ally '” wages a bloody campaign of censorship, murder, suppression, human rights abuse, and worse against its civilian population, while bombing hospitals, schools, and aid convoys in neighboring nations. 
John Podesta previously served as President Bill Clinton's chief of staff, founded the think tank Center for American Progress (which oh-so-coincidentally touts the need to reframe Saudi Arabia's hopelessly tarnished image), counseled President Obama, and now chairs Hillary Clinton's campaign. 
Tony Podesta acts as a foreign agent for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia '” lobbying to influence government policy in favor of the Kingdom '” while also contributing to and bundling for Hillary Clinton's campaign. 
Think about that for a moment. 
One brother uses the influence of money to both affect United States foreign policy and infuse the Clinton campaign with cash '” while the other wields the influence of power as a political insider for the same entities. 
As the Washington Post reported months ago in July, Tony Podesta's lobbying efforts 'raised $268,000 for the campaign and $31,000 for the victory fund.' 
'The Saudis hired the Podesta Group in 2015 because it was getting hammered in the press over civilian casualties from its airstrikes in Yemen and its crackdown on political dissidents at home, including sentencing blogger Raif Badawi to ten years in prison and 1,000 lashes for 'insulting Islam,'' Alternet reported . 'Since then, Tony Podesta's fingerprints have been all over Saudi Arabia's advocacy efforts in Washington DC. When Saudi Arabia executed the prominent nonviolent Shia dissident Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, causing protests throughout the Shia world and inflaming sectarian divisions, The New York Times noted that the Podesta Group provided the newspaper with a Saudi commentator who defended the execution.' 
Notably, the Saudis' reputation has only worsened as further atrocities pile up '” concerning not only a record number of barbaric beheadings this year, but suspiciously reckless and errant U.S.-backed coalition bombings of civilian sites in several regions of active conflict. 
Additionally, Tony Podesta's status as a registered foreign agent for Saudi Arabia is at least obliquely discussed in an email from April 15, 2015 '” ironically revealed by Wikileaks' publishing of his brothers personal communiques '” in which former Clinton Foundation chief development officer and now campaign national finance director Dennis Cheng wrote to a small group of insiders: 
'Hi all '“ we do need to make a decision on this ASAP as our friends who happen to be registered with FARA [Foreign Agents Registration Act] are already donating and raising. 
'I do want to push back a bit (it's my job!): I feel like we are leaving a good amount of money on the table (both for primary and general, and then DNC and state parties)'¦ and how do we explain to people that we'll take money from a corporate lobbyist but not them; that the Foundation takes $ from foreign govts but we now won't. Either way, we need to make a decision soon.' 
To which general counsel to the Clinton campaign, attorney Marc Elias, replied [all errors original and emphasis added], 
'Responding to all on this. I was not on the call this morning, but I lean away from a bright line rule here. It seems odd to say that someone who represents Alberta, Canada can't give, but a lobbyist for Phillip Morris can. Just as we vet lobbyists case by case, I would do the same with FARA. While this may lead to a large number of FARA registrants being denied, it would not be a flat our ban. A total ban feels arbitrary and will engender the same eye-rolling and ill will that it did for Obama.' 
As the exchange continues, how to precisely handle the campaign's image with potentially controversial donors '” while, at all costs, maintaining the flow of cash '” becomes even more apparent. As strategist and campaign manager Robby Mook responds, 
'Where do we draw the line though?' 
Elias suggests a particularly intricate solution: 
'If we do it case by case, then it will be subjective. We would look at who the donor is and what foreign entity they are registered for. In judging whether to take the money, we would consider the relationship between that country and the United States, its relationship to the State Department during Hillary's time as Secretary, and its relationship, if any, to the Foundation. In judging the individual, we would look at their history of support for political candidates generally and Hillary's past campaigns specifically. 
'Put simply, we would use the same criteria we use for lobbyists, except with a somewhat more stringent screen. 
'As a legal matter, I am not saying we have to do this '“ we can decide to simply ban foreign registrants entirely. I'm just offering this up as a middle ground.' 
Mook eventually decides plainly, 
'Marc made a convincing case to me this am that these sorts of restrictions don't really get you anything'¦that Obama actually got judged MORE harshly as a result. He convinced me. So'¦in a complete U-turn, I'm ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?' 
All of this political wrangling appears to have had the desired effect '” despite increasing calls for the United States to either rein in or sever completely its support for the bloody Saudi regime '” the U.S. approved a stunning $1.29 billion sale of smart bombs to the Kingdom in November 2015. 
Tony Podesta's specific contract with the government-run Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court, which will earn $1.68 million by year's end, does, indeed, suggest the infusion of a pro-Saudi message into the U.S. media propaganda machine. 
'Saudi Arabia is consistently one of the bigger players when it comes to foreign influence in Washington,' Sunlight Foundation spokesman Josh Stewart told the Washington Post . 'That spans both what you'd call the inside game, which is lobbying and government relations, and the outside game, which is PR and other things that tend to reach a broader audience than just lobbying.' 
That broader audience '” the American public '” has indeed been manipulated courtesy of at least the thoroughly-corrupt Clinton campaign if not surreptitiously by the Saudis, as well. 
As The Free Thought Project has repeatedly reported , the evidence of collusion among the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton's campaign, and the mainstream presstitutes is indisputable '” including no less than 65 so-called journalists listed by name in various leaks as darlings of the campaign. 
Although this level of corruption and collusion would be considered intolerable in nearly any other nation on the planet. And yet, at the center of this shit storm of contention is an official nominee for the White House '” who will not be held responsible for any number of questionable and criminal acts. 
The system isn't rigged '” it's performing exactly as intended '” and always will as long as the vote validates its existence. Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/clinton-podesta-campaign-saudi-arabia/#gYcjBFazk755MGcp.99 Share this:
ARTICLE

Reuters 
U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter on Wednesday suspended a Pentagon order that California National Guardsmen repay thousands of dollars in enlistment bonuses and tuition assistance they had received by mistake more than a decade ago. 
'While some soldiers knew or should have known they were ineligible for benefits they were claiming, many others did not,' Carter, who is in Europe meeting with U.S. allies, said in a statement. 
'This process has dragged on too long, for too many service members,' he said. 'Too many cases have languished without action. That's unfair to service members and to taxpayers.' 
Thousands of California National Guard troops had been ordered to repay enlistment bonuses '“ some of more than $15,000 '“ that were improperly given to them. The Los Angeles Times, which first reported on the bonuses last week, said audits revealed the California Guard had overpaid troops in order to entice them to join and meet enlistment targets. 
The Obama administration has been criticized by some military families and Republicans '“ including presidential candidate Donald Trump '“ for not doing enough for veterans. There also have been bipartisan calls in the U.S. Congress to forgive the overpayments. 
'The president has been pleased to see that in the last 24 hours the Department of Defense make specific commitments to ensuring that our service members are treated fairly,' White House spokesman Josh Earnest said during a media briefing in Washington. 
Carter, speaking to reporters in Brussels as he announced the suspension, said the law required the Pentagon keep open the option of someday again seeking repayment. 
'But the point is that '¦ there won't be any more collections until we put in place a process that can expeditiously and fairly deal with these issues,' he said. 
Senior Defense Department officials have been told to assess the bonus situation and establish a 'streamlined, centralized process' by the start of next year, Carter said in the statement. He added that about 2,000 people had been asked to repay erroneous payments. 
'The objective will be to complete the decision-making process on all cases as soon as possible '“ and no later than July 1,' he said. 
The streamlined process, which will build on existing processes, would evaluate each case individually, Peter Levine, acting undersecretary of defense for personnel and readiness, told reporters in Washington. 
Levine said the amount of the improperly paid bonuses was unclear but a nationwide audit had found that the issue affected people outside California as well but the 'numbers in other states are in the dozens, rather than the hundreds or the thousands.' 
'The process that we have allows us to correct our records and to correct our payment,' he said. 'We do not have the authority or the ability to go and change people's credit records.' 
U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a statement on Wednesday that Congress would 'continue to work on any reforms necessary to ensure this doesn't happen again.'
ARTICLE

March 2, 2016: Zika PAYDAY! Obama wants to funnel $1.8 billion for vaccine research and more 
I even published a mini-documentary revealing the published science that shows how DEET insecticide causes brain damage in humans. You can watch it at this link or view the video below: 
If anyone from the Washington Post bothered to read Natural News and learn about real science, they would have learned that Zika has infected tens of millions of people throughout South America for decades , with absolutely no measurable increase in neurological deformations. (But facts be damned, the WashPost had a panic to push!) Nation after nation records tens of thousands of infections with ZERO birth defects'¦ 
Despite the factual reality of the situation, the state-controlled propagandists writing for rags like the Washington Post '” a bogus newspaper that has lost all credibility in the minds of intelligent people '” continued to pummel home their kooky science theories that claimed much of the U.S. South would be overrun by brain damaging mosquitoes, turning Southerners into shrunken-brained mutants while pregnant women fled northward to survive the airborne insect onslaught. 
Instead, nothing happened . No explosion in shrunken-headed babies. No wave of birth defects across Florida, even as city officials desperately bombarded their own cities with brain-damaging insecticides. No national emergency declared by Obama to bring back DDT and eradicate baby-murdering mosquitoes by dousing our open streets with thick clouds of organophosphate neurotoxins. 
Instead, the rate of neurological birth defects in most countries approached zero. Via the Washington Post's own graphic: (partial list) 
Venezuela: 60,791 Zika infections'¦ ZERO birth defects Honduras: 31,933 Zika infections'¦ ONE birth defect Guadalupe: 30,969 Zika infections'¦ ZERO birth defects Puerto Rico: 29,084 Zika infections'¦ TWO birth defects Mexico: 4,837 Zika infections'¦ ZERO birth defects 
From the WashPost article: 
Brazilian officials were bracing for a flood of fetal deformities as Zika spread this year to other regions of the country, Marinho said. However, 'we are not seeing a big increase.' 
Gee, really? 
The vast majority of the brain defects, it turns out, came from just one small region of Brazil. A total of 2,033 children are so far recorded with neurological defects there, even while most other countries throughout the region had ZERO birth defects (or near zero). 
So what gives? Zika mosquitoes apparently carry geopolitical maps so they can solely target Brazil 
You don't have to be a genius to figure out that the stupid science theories of the mainstream media are total hokum and bunk . If Zika really did cause brain defects, it would have spread all across South America by now. It would have spread into Florida, California, Mississippi and Louisiana. It would have devastated the American South, Cuba, Haiti, Curacao and all the other island nations across the Caribbean. 
Yet the neurological defects were limited almost exclusively to Brazil. 
Somehow, if we believe the illiterate Washington Post science writers '” who may in fact be the only brain damage victims of Zika in North America '” mosquitoes carry MAPS to make sure they only activate their brain damage voodoo in Brazil . 
''¦[A]lthough the outbreak has spread this year to more than 50 nations and territories across the Western Hemisphere, U.N. data shows just 142 cases of congenital birth defects linked to Zika so far outside Brazil,' says WashPost. 
Yes, my friends: GPA-carrying Zika mosquitoes are very careful to limit their pandemic voodoo to just one region of Brazil. By sheer coincidence, that's the same region where larvacide chemicals were dumped into the public water supply. 
Apparently, there isn't a single 'official' scientist in the entire global government who has thought to test the water. Just freaking WOW'¦ Let's throw these morons out of power in every election, okay? They don't deserve any positions of authority over anyone else. They're all so incredibly stupid, they couldn't survive at all unless they functioned as parasites on the taxpayers. They aren't giving up hope just yet'¦ science writers desperately hope for more brain damaged babies to prove them right 
Enthusiasm for more brain damaged babies runs high at the Washington Post, which explains why they are all in for Hillary Clinton, the candidate of choice for brain damaged adults . Writing with a sense of real enthusiasm, the Washington Post can't wait for more brain damaged babies to appear: 
Scientists at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are closely watching Puerto Rico, which has reported more than 26,800 cases of Zika. More than 7,000 pregnant women could be infected by the end of the year, according to the CDC. (Yippee?) 
And now, the loony tunes quack science of the Zika 'scientists' goes apoplectic, grasping for silly metaphors to try to obscure the fact that they are all stupid beyond belief . Via the WashPost: 
'Now we've settled on Zika as the smoking gun, but we don't know who pulled the trigger,' said Marques, speaking from Recife, where he is working with government researchers. 
Huh? Wha? The metaphor doesn't even make any sense. 
Maybe the problem is too much fornicating. Seriously, this is now part of their idiotic theory: 
'Sexual habits and hygiene may also play a role,' he said, explaining that researchers are looking at whether sexual transmission can infect the uterus and placenta with the virus, potentially exposing the fetus to elevated risk. 'We suspect the villain has an accomplice, but we don't know who it is,' Marques said. 
Huh? Do they seriously think that people only have sex in Brazil but not other South American countries? Where does the Washington Post find these morons? I'm a real scientist saying all this 
As you read all this, remember that I have rapidly become one of the world's leading research scientists on the quantitation of cannabinoids in hemp extracts using mass spec instrumentation. I led the team that developed the most pioneering (and accurate) CBD mass spec analysis method in existence today. You can read about it at this link . I also routinely test water, food and environmental samples for heavy metals, pesticides and a multitude of chemical contaminants. When I say these Zika scientists are complete morons, that's the educated opinion of an accomplished scientist correctly pointing out the lunacy of Zika scaremongering. 
I could have solved this entire problem in the first few days by analyzing and detecting brain-damaging larvacide chemicals in the public water supply in Eastern Brazil. The entire project would have taken just a few days and cost almost nothing. Instead, Obama handed $1.8 billion to the vaccine companies in the midst of the Zika panic pushed by laughable rags like the Washington Post. It's all a racket, of course, just like their coverage of elections and political candidates. Everything you read at the Washington Post is a deception of one kind or another . The paper exists solely to promote the propaganda of the state so that the population can be manipulated and controlled. The Washington Post exists to terrorize the citizens with fascist propaganda parading as science 
As you've also learned by now, the corrupt leftist establishment of junk science, criminal politicians and idiotic journalists isn't interested in legitimate scientific solutions . They all function as extensions of a fascist state that must routinely terrorize its citizens with pandemic boogeyman scare stories in order to demand absolute obedience to the vaccine mandates that actually do damage the brains of children. 
Thus, SCIENCE be damned. They've got an agenda to push, and it doesn't matter to them whether that agenda is based on a single shred of real science. Zika is dangerous because they told you so, in exactly the same way they told you Hillary Clinton is totally honest, Obamacare would make health care more affordable, there's no such thing as voter fraud in America, and GMOs and vaccines are really, really good for you. 
So you can put down the DEET and stop poisoning your skin like an obedient idiot. Yes, it was all a scam. Yes, the official 'science' was totally rigged. Yes, the media lied to you yet again. Yes, the CDC is a criminal racket. Yes, all the health 'officials' were completely full of s**t. And no, Zika is not going to cause your babies to be born with shrunken heads. VACCINES, on the other hand, will most definitely cause brain damage, as they still contain mercury, a potent neurotoxin the Washington Post ridiculously insists becomes magically neutralized when you inject it into the body of a child.
ARTICLE

The Newspaper 
For academics at the University of Maryland (UMD), merely collecting a toll from drivers for every mile they drive is not enough. UMD College Park researchers Di Yang, Eirini Kastrouni and Lei Zhang insist in a recent academic paper that motorists should pay a proportionally higher tax that is based on their income. Published in the journal Transport Policy, the article argues that a new variable-rate vehicle miles traveled (VMT) tax could supplement transportation funds being rapidly depleted by increased spending on transit infrastructure. 
'On the revenue generation side, VMT fee policies can supplement the existing fuel tax revenues to mitigate the fiscal deficit,' the researchers wrote for the London School of Economics last week. 'The three income-based VMT fees are all designed to double the revenue generated so that they are comparable with respect to their impacts on consumer surplus and travel behavior.' 
Currently, gasoline taxes at the state and federal level are collected primarily at the distributor level, which keeps the tax simple. The more one drives, the more one pays, with those choosing lighter and more fuel efficient vehicles spending less at the pump. Many politicians hate the gas tax because the public generally opposes hikes in fuel taxes. As a result, transportation officials have sought more indirect means of taxation that would make it easier to raise rates. The VMT has emerged as a popular solution in transportation circles, but opponents have objected that vehicle miles traveled taxes hit low-income drivers the hardest. The researchers suggest the solution is to raise more money for transit while simultaneously eliminating the fairness concern by imposing higher VMT taxes on drivers from high-income households. 
'Among the proposed fee structures, the policy with a fixed interval increase rate as people's level of income improves is considered to be progressive overall,' the researchers explain. 
A ten cent per mile VMT tax would generate $44 billion nationwide over twenty years. The latest article is based on an analysis in Yang's 2014 master's thesis which calculated the impact of the fees using various economic and travel demand models. One model, for instance, would have the tax jump 50 percent at each income bracket. So a 10-cent-per mile rate for households earning less than $20,000 per year would rise to 15 cents up to the $20,000 to $40,000 per year bracket. From $40,000 to $60,000, the rate would be 23 cents, from $60,000 to $100,000 it would be 34 cents, and above $100,000 it would be 51 cents. As most drivers travel 12,000 miles per year, the low income tax would be $1200 compared to $6120 for the wealthy. 
At this rate, Yang calculates that the income-adjusted vehicle miles traveled tax would more than double the gas tax revenue, compared to the 57 percent increase a flat-rate VMT would generate. The paper presumes drivers facing a doubling of government fees would be more inclined to take the bus.
ARTICLE

Washington Post '“ by Rosalind S. Helderman and Tom Hamburger 
When top Bill Clinton aide Douglas Band wrote the memo, he was a central player at the Clinton Foundation and president of his own corporate consulting firm. Over the course of 13 pages, he made a case that his multiple roles had served the interests of the Clinton family and its charity. 
In doing so, Band also detailed a circle of enrichment in which he raised money for the Clinton Foundation from top-tier corporations such as Dow Chemical and Coca-Cola that were clients of his firm, Teneo, while pressing many of those same donors to provide personal income to the former president. 
The system has drawn scrutiny from Republicans, who say it allowed corporations and other wealthy supporters to pay for entree to a popular former president and a onetime secretary of state who is now the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Band wrote the memo in 2011 to foundation lawyers conducting a review of the organization amid a brewing feud with the Clintons' daughter, Chelsea Clinton, who was taking a stronger role in leading the foundation and had expressed concerns about Teneo's operations. 
The memo, made public Wednesday by the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks, lays out the aggressive strategy behind lining up the consulting contracts and paid speaking engagements for Bill Clinton that added tens of millions of dollars to the family's fortune, including during the years that Hillary Clinton led the State Department. It describes how Band helped run what he called 'Bill Clinton Inc.,' obtaining 'in-kind services for the President and his family '” for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like.' Band and his Teneo co-founder, former Hillary Clinton fundraiser Declan Kelly, declined to comment. But Teneo issued a statement saying that 'as the memo demonstrates, Teneo worked to encourage clients, where appropriate, to support the Clinton Foundation because of the good work that it does around the world. It also clearly shows that Teneo never received any financial benefit or benefit of any kind from doing so.' 
Spokesmen for Bill Clinton and Chelsea Clinton and the foundation declined to comment. 
Hillary Clinton campaign spokesman Glen Caplin declined to comment on the memo, calling the material 'hacked by the Russian government and weaponized by WikiLeaks.' Caplin declined to authenticate the memo, but he also did not dispute it. Band, who grew close to Bill Clinton two decades ago as his personal aide in the White House and became the architect of his post-presidential activities, argued in the memo that he and his firm had benefited the former president and his foundation. 
'We have dedicated ourselves to helping the President secure and engage in for-profit activities,' Band wrote. He also said he had 'sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo, to support and to raise funds for the foundation.' 
Band's memo provided data showing how much money each of Teneo's 20 clients at the time had given to the Clinton Foundation, how much they had paid Bill Clinton and, in some cases, how he or Kelly had personally forged the relationships that resulted in the payments. 
Band wrote that Teneo partners had raised in excess of $8 million for the foundation and $3 million in paid speaking fees for Bill Clinton. He said he had secured contracts for the former president that would pay out $66 million over the subsequent nine years if the deals remained in place. 
For instance, Band wrote that Kelly arranged for the former president to meet the chief executive of Coca-Cola in January 2009 at the Clintons' home in Washington. In all, according to Band's memo, Coke had contributed $4.33 million to the foundation between 2004 and 2010. 
A Coca-Cola spokesman said the company had supported the Clinton Foundation because it believed 'in the great work that can be done when businesses, civil society and governments come together to solve problems.' He said Teneo had been hired to provide 'business and communications' consulting. 
Band also described how Kelly helped expand a fruitful relationship with UBS Global Wealth Management, introducing Bill Clinton to a top executive at a 2009 charity dinner. In the ensuing years, UBS upped its giving to the foundation, signed on as a Teneo client and agreed to pay Bill Clinton for speeches, Band wrote. Records show UBS paid Clinton about $2 million in speaking fees between 2011 and 2015 for a series of appearances, generally alongside former president George W. Bush. The company also paid Hillary Clinton $225,000 for a 2013 speech. 
UBS declined to comment. 
Another achievement cited by Band: Laureate International Universities, a chain of for-profit international colleges, which donated to the foundation and agreed to pay Bill Clinton $3.5 million a year to serve as honorary chancellor. 
Clinton has credited Band with conceiving of the Clinton Global Initiative, the glitzy annual meeting where corporate, government and nonprofit leaders gathered annually to talk about the world's problems. Started in 2005, CGI became the best-known arm of the Clinton Foundation, which also operated education, environmental and health programs around the world. The final CGI meeting took place last month . 
By 2011, the longtime Clinton aide was ready to strike out on his own. 
That's when Band and Kelly joined forces to form Teneo. At first, the firm remained closely linked to the Clinton network. 
Band described in the memo how he combined his work for CGI and Teneo. He wrote that he had used a hotel room upstairs from the 2011 CGI gathering to meet with Teneo clients. He also acknowledged giving free CGI memberships to 'target Teneo clients' being cultivated as potential foundation donors. Memberships generally cost $20,000 a year. 
Teneo, meanwhile, named Bill Clinton its 'honorary chairman.' Clinton had been initially tapped for a three-year arrangement in which he would provide advice to Teneo 'regarding geopolitical, economic and social trends,' according to a separate June 2011 memo that Band wrote to the State Department seeking ethics approval for the former president's employment. 
Bill Clinton was initially paid $2 million by Teneo, according to 'Man of the World,' a book written with the former president's participation by author Joe Conason. 
But Chelsea Clinton grew concerned when news leaked in late 2011 that MF Global, the hedge fund owned by former New Jersey governor Jon Corzine, had been paying the Clinton-tied firm $125,000 a month just before MF Global went bankrupt. According to emails released by WikiLeaks, Chelsea Clinton complained in December 2011 to longtime Clinton aide John Podesta, who at the time was serving as an adviser to the Clinton Foundation, that she had been informed that a member of her father's office staff who answered to Band had been making calls to British lawmakers 'on behalf of President Clinton' for Teneo clients, particularly for the chief executive of Dow Chemical. 
Chelsea Clinton wrote that the calls were occurring without her father's knowledge and that the reactions she was hearing to them would 'horrify' Bill Clinton. In another email, she wrote she feared Teneo was 'hustling business at CGI.' Chelsea Clinton's concerns helped spark efforts at the foundation to adopt new policies governing outside consulting agreements designed to erect a more solid wall between Bill Clinton's private and charitable activities. Emails show that Cheryl Mills, who at the time was serving as Hillary Clinton's chief of staff at the State Department, was deeply involved in the foundation's proceedings. 
Bill Clinton also separated from Teneo, returning to the company all but $100,000 of the money he had been paid, tax returns show. 
Emails show how the dispute between Chelsea Clinton and her father's longtime aide led to personal hostility. 
'I don't deserve this from her and deserve a tad more respect or at least a direct dialogue for me to explain these things,' Band wrote to Podesta at the time. 'She is acting like a spoiled brat kid who has nothing else to do but create issues to justify what she's doing because she, as she has said, hasn't found her way and has a lack of focus in her life.' 
Band complained that no similar scrutiny was being applied to Bill Clinton himself. Band noted that he had previously signed a conflict of interest document for CGI. 
'Oddly, WJC does not have to sign such a document even though he is personally paid by 3 cgi sponsors, gets many expensive gifts from them, some that are at home etc.,' he wrote. 
The Band memo disclosed by WikiLeaks on Wednesday made no direct reference to Hillary Clinton. 
But Band outlined that Kelly, his Teneo co-founder, had served simultaneously between 2009 and 2011 as an unpaid economic envoy to Northern Ireland appointed by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and as head of a separate consulting company whose clients included Coke, UBS and Dow. Band wrote that the arrangement was consistent with Kelly's State Department ethics agreement. 
Kelly's multiple roles came together during one State Department event in 2010, when then-Secretary Clinton recognized Dow, among other companies, for creating jobs in Northern Ireland and thanked Kelly for his work on the issue. 
Dow became one of Teneo's first major clients. According to Band's memo, Dow chief executive Andrew Liveris had been introduced to Bill Clinton over a round of golf with Kelly in August 2009. 
The company then increased its Clinton Foundation support, contributing $705,000 in 2010 and 2011. A Dow spokeswoman said that the company's participation in the foundation dated to 2007 and that the charity was 'aligned to core business and citizenship strategies that have positively leveraged the resources and capabilities of our company.' 
Dow paid Teneo $2.8 million in 2011, payments that then jumped to $19.4 million in 2012, according to internal Dow documents made public as part of a whistleblower complaint. The company later said in public filings that the increase reflected a cost-saving decision to consolidate several consulting contracts with one firm. But the spike raised red flags for an internal company fraud investigator, who expressed alarm that it may be linked to Bill Clinton's work with a charity founded by Liveris '” a charge the company denied. 
'It appears Dow is paying Teneo for connections with Clinton,' the investigator wrote. 
Anu Narayanswamy and Alice Crites contributed to this report.
ARTICLE

Zero Hedge '“ by Tyler Durden 
Project Veritas has just released Part IV of it's multi-part series exposing numerous scandals surrounding the DNC and the Clinton campaign, including efforts to incite violence at Trump rallies and, at least what seems to be, illegal coordination between the DNC, Hillary For America and various Super PACs. 
Part IV focuses on a $20,000 foreign donation made by an undercover Project Veritas journalist to Americans United for Change (AUFC). Ironically, shortly after the $20k donation wire was released, the contributor's 'niece' was offered an internship with Creamer's firm, Democracy Partners. 
In the new video, Creamer says: 'Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters '¦ I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television, radio, with earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising.' He also mentions a conference call discussing a woman potentially coming forward to accuse Trump of inappropriate behavior. 
Creamer, a seasoned Chicago activist who is married to Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-IL), whose Republican opponent, Joan McCarthy Lasonde has called for her to resign over her husband's activities, also talks about his work with Barack Obama, whom he says he has known since the 1980s, when Obama was a community organizer in Chicago: 'He's a pro, I've known the President since he was a community organizer in Chicago.' 
Elsewhere, Creamer adds: 'I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the'¦ the health care bill, for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.' In the effort to prove the credibility of the undercover donor featured in the videos and to keep the investigation going, Project Veritas Action made the decision to donate twenty thousand dollars to Robert Creamer's effort. Project Veritas Action had determined that the benefit of this investigation outweighed the cost. And it did. 
'First thing, like I said, thank you for the proposal. And I'd like to get the $20,000 across to you. The second call I'm going to make here is to my money guy and he's going to get in touch with you and auto wire the funds to you,' said the PVA journalist. 
Creamer told the PVA journalist to send the money to Americans United for Change. Shortly after the money was released, the 'donors' 'niece' '“ another Project Veritas Action journalist '“ was offered an internship with Creamer. 
In an effort to see how far Creamer would go with the promise of more money, another Project Veritas journalist posing as the donor's money liaison requested a meeting with Creamer. During that meeting, Creamer spoke about connections he had with Obama and Clinton. 
AUFC President, Brad Woodhouse, subsequently returned the money, after Project Veritas started to release their undercover videos, citing 'concerns that it might have been an illegal foreign donation.' Oddly, Woodhouse was not terribly concerned about the 'legality' of the donation when he chose to accept it a month prior. In an unexpected twist, AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC's activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars. He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn't been a problem for the month that they had the money. 
While the latest video focuses on the ' $20,000 illegal foreign contribution' from an undercover Project Veritas journalist , the following comments from Robert Creamer were also rather intriguing in light of recent White House efforts to vehemently deny any connections between he and President Obama. 'Oh Barack Obama's was the best campaign in the history of American politics, I mean the second one, I mean the first was good too. I was a consultant to both, the second one, was everything hit on every level and every aspect. 
He's a pro. I've known the President since he was a community organizer in Chicago. 
I was just at and event with him in Chicago actually, on Friday last. He is just as good as ever. I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues. Helping to run issued campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the'¦the health care bill'¦trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.' 
* * * 
As a reminder, video 3 directly linking Donna Brazile and Hillary Clinton to efforts to disrupt Trump events. 
Video 2 provided the democrat playbook on how to commit 'mass voter fraud': 
Video 1 revealed DNC efforts to incite violence at Trump rallies:
ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by # 1 NWO Hatr Published on Mar 22, 2015 by WhyKnot Make people happy with this fun Halloween prop. Instructions for how to make a hangman's noose knot in this easy step by step video tutorial. The hangmans noose is a sliding noose knot making an adjustable loop at the end of the rope. It is also known as the collar knot or the hangman's knot. It is claimed to be traditionally tied with nine or thirteen coils or wraps but the amount of coils can vary depending on the type and thickness or size of rope. It is knot #119 in the Ashley book of knots (ABoK). He claims that eight coils is the correct amount. 
It is actually the same as the uni, Duncan or grinner knot which is used in fishing to tie hooks, swivels, lures and flies. The difference is in the way the knot is tied. 
It is one of the strongest noose knots accounting for an enormous body count. It is most associated with lynching, hanging people from a tree, gallows and hanging executions, by tying the noose around your neck and causing neck injury. Death occurs either by breaking the neck or suffocation. 
Uses: Made with paracord, it can make a knife lanyard or key chain. In jewelery it is used as a pendant on necklaces. It can also be used as a heaving line knot by arborists and in tree climbing to advance the climbing line. The main advantage in that situation being that if the knot becomes stuck in a branch union or crotch a firm pull will unravel the knot and the climbing line can be retrieved. Share this:
ARTICLE

Legal Insurrection '“ by Leslie Eastman 
About one-year ago, Gov. Jerry Brown signed the state's assisted-suicide bill into law. It fully went into effect this June, with the opening of the first clinic . While there is no data on the number of California assisted-suicides, Oregon recorded over 130 last year as part of their legalized physician-assisted death program. 
Now, one young mother says her insurance company denied her coverage for chemotherapy treatment after originally agreeing to provide the fiscal support for it, but indicated it would be willing to pay for assisted suicide instead. 
Stephanie Packer, a wife and mother of four who was diagnosed with a terminal form of scleroderma, said her insurance company initially indicated it would pay for her to switch to a different chemotherapy drug at the recommendation of her doctors. 
'¦But shortly after California's End of Life Option Act, which authorizes physicians to diagnose a life-ending dose of medication to patients with a prognosis of six months or less to live, went into effect, Ms. Packer's insurance company had a change of heart. 
'And when the law was passed, it was a week later I received a letter in the mail saying they were going to deny coverage for the chemotherapy that we were asking for,' Ms. Packer said. 
She said she called her insurance company to find out why her coverage had been denied. On the call, she also asked whether suicide pills were covered under her plan. 
'And she says, 'Yes, we do provide that to our patients, and you would only have to pay $1.20 for the medication,'' Ms. Packer said. 
Packer attends meetings with others suffering from terminal illnesses. She indicates that the tone of those meetings have changed since the California assisted-suicide law was enacted. 
'As soon as this law was passed '“ and you see it everywhere, when these laws are passed '“ patients fighting for a longer life end up getting denied treatment, because this will always be the cheapest option.' 
Packer attends a support group for terminally ill patients. She said legally sanctioned suicide has changed the tone of the meetings, which used to be 'positive and encouraging.' With patients under new societal pressure to kill themselves, she said meetings 'became negative, and it started consuming people. And then they said, 'You know what? I wish I could just end it.'' 
Concerned about the enormous potential for abuse, a the national organization, Patients Rights Action Fund, has created a website for patients like Packer. The online resource offers a place for patients, family members, concerned friends to report possible coercion, failure to identify depression or other patient mental health concerns, and complications that arise from the overdose prescription or other aspects of the assisted-suicide process. Were you or someone you know pressured to use assisted suicide, misleadingly known as 'death with dignity' or 'aid in dying'? Did you or a loved one have a chronic, life-threatening illness and personal circumstances where you/they felt like suicide or assisted suicide was your only option? Did a doctor advise you or someone you know of a prognosis of 6 months or less that was wrong by months, years, or even decades? Were you or a loved one denied coverage for a life-sustaining treatment or medication by your HMO or insurance company? 
During his Gettysburg Address describing the first 100 days in office if he is elected President, Donald Trump indicated he would work to replace Obamcare with health savings accounts, remove barriers to purchasing health insurance across state lines, allow states to manage Medicaid funds and speed up drug approval inside the Food and Drug Administration. 
However, his election would be too late help many terminally-ill Californians who are now experiencing the unintended, but quite predictable, consequence of yet another feel good progressive policy.
ARTICLE

MIT professor Jonathan Gruber, a well-known architect of President Obama's Affordable Care Act, tells CNN that the law known as 'Obamacare' is working exactly as intended. 
Full transcript, via CNN: 
JONATHAN GRUBER: Obamacare's not imploding. The main goal of Obamacare was two-fold. One was to cover the uninsured, of which we've covered 20 million, the largest expansion in American history. The other was to fix broken insurance markets where insurers could deny people insurance just because they were sick or they had been sick. Those have been fixed, and for the vast majority of Americans, costs in those markets have come down, thanks to the subsidies made available under Obamacare'¦ 
The 22% increase [in health care premiums], let's remember who that applies to. That applies to a very small fraction of people, who have to buy insurance without the subsidies that are available. 
85% of people buying insurance on the exchanges get subsidies. And for those people, this premium increase doesn't affect them. 
Now, for those remaining people, that is a problem, and that's something that we need to address, but it's not a crisis. It doesn't mean the system's collapsing. And most importantly, it doesn't affect the 150 million Americans who get employer insurance, who have actually seen their premiums fall dramatically, relative to what was expected before Obamacare. 
CAROL COSTELLO, CNN: OK. So let's talk about how exactly you can fix Obamacare. And I just need you to be specific, because I think people really want answers. So Hillary Clinton says she can fix Obamacare. So what would be one fix that would drive premiums down. 
GRUBER: Look, once again, there's no sense of oh it just has to be fixed. The law is working as designed; however, it could work better, and I think probably the most important thing experts would agree on is that we need a larger mandate penalty. We have individuals who are essentially free riding on the system. They're essentially waiting until they get sick and then getting health insurance. The whole idea of this plan which was pioneered in Massachusetts was that the individual mandate penalty would bring those people into the system and have them participate. The penalty right now is probably too low and that's something ideally we would fix. 
COSTELLO: So somebody who is president could go to congress and say, 'You know what, lawmakers, this is a fix. Can you pass this?' Is that what would have to happen to put that fix into place? 
GRUBER: Basically, it's hard to know what dramatic fix we could do without congress participating in the process. We could do things like a stronger mandate is one. We could do things like increasing the pressure on states to expand their Medicade programs, a horrible act of political malpractice where states have left millions of people of their lowest income citizens uncovered. We could do things like that, but a lot of that would involve congressional participation. It's hard to know what you can do just on your own as a new administration. 
COSTELLO: What about the insurers who have fled the system? How do you convince them to come back or new companies to sign on? GRUBER: Once again, I think the press here has been misleading. Some insurers are leaving. Other insurers are thriving. I think what you have is a system where we've shaken up the status quo, exactly what we expect of new innovation, disruptive innovation if you will, to do. Insurers who were thriving in the old system are finding this new system sort of hard for them. Other insurers are doing really well and what's going to happen is the natural process as the market evolves. These premiums are going to increase. That's going to allow profitable opportunities for new insurers to enter they are(ph) and bring premiums back down. So we're just seeing the ups and downs of a new market. What you have to remember is that premiums in 2014 came in way below what we expected. In fact, where they are today is exactly where they thought they'd be today. It's just they came in lower than we thought and they rose faster than we thought. And that's just some of the unpredictability of a new market. That will settle down over time. And new insurers will enter. 
COSTELLO: OK. So hindsight is 20/20, right? 
GRUBER: Yes. 
COSTELLO: Looking back, is there one thing that you wish was done differently? 
GRUBER: I think there's really probably two things I wish was done differently. One is I wish the mandate penalty was stronger. The other, I wish the federal government had done more to get states to expand their Medicaid programs. I think that this is a fundamental flaw in our system that states are leaving so many systems uncovered and citizens who are sick who are coming into this exchange pool and making it more expensive. 
COSTELLO: So realistically, you know, after the next president is put into office, what do you think will happen with Obamacare? 
GRUBER: I think nothing much is going to happen, to be honest. I think that basically a system that largely works , that the flaws your seeing now or the premium increase you're seeing now are just the natural dynamics of a market as it transitions to its new state, and I think that we're just going to let it go for a couple years and it's going to get better on its own. And basically I think it's a system which largely works. 
COSTELLO: What if Donald Trump becomes president, he has a republican congress, and he does repeal it? What happens then? 
GRUBER: Well, first of all he won't repeal it. Remember, the whole argument and public debate against this law is that people didn't get to keep insurance they liked. Well, you're going to have 20 million Americans or more who are now getting insurance that they like. You're not going to take that away from them. And let's be clear, there is no replace. There is only repeal. There is no Republican alternative to this law, and the reason is because this is fundamentally a bipartisan legislation that was originally drafted on Republican principles, to be honest. And so there is no Republican alternative. And so his repeal and replace is just repeal and leave people uninsured. That's not going to happen.
ARTICLE

The Daily Sheeple '“ by Ryan Bannister 
A prankster in Stockton, California is not laughing after an attempt to scare people in a creepy clown costume ended with a man pulling out his pistol and striking him on the side of his head. 
Sadiq Mohammad, 20, decided that clowning around in Stockton attempting to scare unsuspecting people was a good idea, and he assuredly reaped the consequences of this brilliant plan. 
He is a professional prankster who runs an entertainment website called Hoodclips, which gets almost 7 million views daily. 
'The numbers don't lie, people love comedy. That's why I have a lot of followers,' Mohammad said. 
Mohammad decided to hide behind some bushes and jump out to scare a man who was walking by, he began to cry out, 'It's a prank,' but the man said the prank was not funny, and he approached him with his pistol drawn. 
He was struck down to the ground, and he and his cameraman immediately ran away.
ARTICLE

You can listen on our player . 
To listen on a smart phone, just click this link: http://listen.spacial.com/api/listen/?sid=9826&method=sc It will ask if you want to download or execute. Click 'Execute'. Then on the next screen, Complete action using, click 'Google Play Music'. 
Get together in our chat room: The Pub. Share this:
ARTICLE

Daisy Luther 
I know the debate was a couple of weeks ago, but I just came across this video that certainly makes a good case for the fact that someone may have been feeding her answers, statistics, and information. If she can't even ad lib a televised debate against Donald Trump, how are negotiations with foreign powers going to go when someone takes away her tablet or other telepromptish device? 
Not only did Trump win the last debate , he won it without reading the answers and information that someone else was feeding him. 
Really, with Hillary Clinton, is there any type of dishonesty that seems too far-fetched? 
See for yourself and let me know in the comments what you think.
ARTICLE

Daisy Luther 
Let's talk about Wikileaks. 
First of all, the organization was founded by Julian Assange back in 2006. Their website explains what they are all about: 
'WikiLeaks specializes in the analysis and publication of large datasets of censored or otherwise restricted official materials involving war, spying, and corruption. It has so far published more than 10 million documents and associated analyses.' 
In the 11 years that they've been publishing documents, they have not been disproven a single time. Their record for authentication is perfect. (Learn more here and here .) 
So this means that a person would be pretty silly to disregard anything in the reams of information about Hillary Clinton, the Democratic Party, the Clinton Foundation, and the political shenanigans that would put the Machiavellis to shame. 
Here are 21 of the most important things that have come out about Hillary Clinton, that unfortunately, no one is reporting on in the mainstream. In the interest of brevity, each topic has a link to an article that goes deeper into the leak. (In no particular order.) John Podesta, the chairman of the Clinton campaign had a nice cozy dinner with Peter Kadzik, one of the top officials in the Department of Justice'¦the day after the Benghazi hearing . Kadzik's son also asked for a job on the Clinton campaign, and, the icing on the corruption cupcake? Kadzik led the effort to nominate Loretta Lynch, who famously met with Bill Clinton on her private plane right before Hillary's interrogation about Emailgate. ( source ) We all knew that the Clinton Foundation was just a way for the Clinton family to launder money, and now there's proof. Zero Hedge writes, ''¦today's Wikileaks dump included that memo which reveals, for the first time, the precise financial flows between the Clinton Foundation, Band's firm Teneo Consulting, and the Clinton family's private business endeavors.' A pundit called this leak 'The Rosetta Stone of the Clinton Foundation,' meaning that with this document, all of their shady financial dealings could be unraveled and translated. ( source ) Clinton is unable to speak for very long without a podium to lean on . Numerous leaked emails reference how certain interviews have to be kept short because she'd be without one. And this article references a very interesting reason why this may be the case '“ surprisingly it isn't related to her health. ( source ) The leaks also show that Clinton intends to do her best to restrict the Second Amendment. Brian Fallon, the national press secretary for the Clinton campaign, wrote, ' Circling back around on guns as a follow up to the Friday morning discussion: the Today show has indicated they definitely plan to ask bout guns, and so to have the discussion be more of a news event than her previous times discussing guns, we are going to background reporters tonight on a few of the specific proposals she would support as President '“ universal background checks of course, but also closing the gun show loophole by executive order and imposing manufacturer liability .' According to an analysis on The Daily Sheeple, 'Imposing manufacturer liability means that after Sandy Hook, Bushmaster and Remington Arms would have been prosecuted for having a hand in the murder of children and school staff members for firearms that were legally sold.' ( source ) The campaign was concerned that the sexual escapades of Bill Clinton could be likened to those of another disgraced celebrity, Bill Cosby . Political operative Ron Klain sent an urgent email saying that Hillary should anticipate the following questions, ' How is what Bill Clinton did different from what Bill Cosby did? Is his conduct relevant to your campaign? You said every woman should be believed. Why not the women who accused him? Will you apologize to the women who were wrongly smeared by your husband and his allies?' ( source ) Clinton's campaign deliberately leaked an embarrassing photo of a swimsuit-clad Bernie Sanders to the press, ironically insinuating that it was proof he was bought off by Wall Street. Perez Hilton wrote, ' Bernie Sanders lounges at elite Martha's Vineyard pool, summer 2015 after helping raise money from Wall Street lobbyists .' ( source ) Clinton admitted she is out of touch with the middle class in a speech to Goldman-Black Rock in 2014. 'And I am not taking a position on any policy, but I do think there is a growing sense of anxiety and even anger in the country over the feeling that the game is rigged. And I never had that feeling when I was growing up. Never. I mean, were there really rich people, of course there were. My father loved to complain about big business and big government, but we had a solid middle class upbringing. We had good public schools. We had accessible health care. We had our little, you know, one-family house that, you know, he saved up his money, didn't believe in mortgages. So I lived that. And now, obviously, I'm kind of far removed because the life I've lived and the economic, you know, fortunes that my husband and I now enjoy , but I haven't forgotten it.' ( source ) She made this rather NWO remark at a 2013 paid speech to Brazilian bank Banco Itau: ' My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders , some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.' ( source ) In a leak of yet another paid speech, this time to the Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago in 2013, Clinton said that Jordan and Turkey ' can't possibly vet all those refugees so they don't know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees.' Meanwhile, if Clinton has her way , we will be warmly welcoming 65,000 refugees a year, which makes Obama's 10,000 a year look like small potatoes. ( source ) Clinton blackmailed the Chinese by telling them that the US would base missiles in the region if they didn't exert some control over North Korean aggression. ' So China, come on. You either control them or we're going to have to defend against them ,' she purportedly told the audience at a Goldman Sachs conference in June 2013. ( source ) In May 2015, Clinton was no longer Secretary of State but was ready to announce she was running for President when she was invited to attend a summit in Morrocco. The implication from the leaked emails was that a $12 million 'donation' from the king of Morocco was dependent on Clinton attending the summit. Human Abedin, usually loyal to her boss, had concerns . ' If HRC was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter. She created this mess and she knows it. Her presence was a condition for the Moroccans to proceed so there is no going back on this,' Abedin wrote to Robbie Mook in a November 2014 email. Incidentally, Clinton didn't attend. Bill and Chelsea went instead and the $12 million donation was not forthcoming. (source ) Podesta attacked Clinton's primary election rival Bernie Sanders for criticizing the Paris climate change agreement. ' Can you believe that doofus Bernie attacked it? ' said Podesta. ( source ) Clinton told a Goldman Sachs conference she would like to intervene secretly in Syria . ' My view was you intervene as covertly as is possible for Americans to intervene,' she told employees of the bank in South Carolina, which had paid her about $225,000 to give a speech. 'We used to be much better at this than we are now. Now, you know, everybody can't help themselves. They have to go out and tell their friendly reporters and somebody else: Look what we're doing and I want credit for it. ' (source ) There is indeed a definite link between the Clinton campaign and what MSM is allowed to say. The campaign has colluded directly with media spokespersons that read like a Who's Who in American Media : Dan Merica from CNN, Haim Saban of Univision, John Harwood of CNBC and the NY Times, Rebecca Quick of CNBC, Maggie Haberman of NY Times and Politico, John Harris of Politico, Donna Brazile formerly of CNN, Roland Martin of TV-One, Marjorie Pritchard of The Boston Globe, and Louise Mensch of Heat Street. ( source ) As everyone knows, the DNC deliberately screwed Bernie Sanders out of the nomination ( Bonus: Wikileaks also released some of the DNC's voicemails on the topic ). There are emails that prove who is actually pulling HRC's puppet strings and that puppeteer is George Soros . The shadow government is not just a conspiracy theory '“ it really exists and Hillary's job is to keep George Soros happy. ( source ) Excerpts from her speeches to Wall Street read like a guide to two-faced treachery. In them, she clearly points out that sometimes you 'need' to lie. 'If everybody's watching, you know, all of the back room discussions and the deals, you know, then people get a little nervous, to say the least. So, you need both a public and a private position.' ( source ) Wikileaks emails show that back when she still worked for CNN and before she became an employee of the Clinton campaign, Donna Brazile gave Hillary the questions in advance for her 'impromptu' CNN Town Hall questions. ( source ) The campaign got to 'approve' articles in influential publications like NY Times, HuffPo, CNN, NBC, CBS, NYT, MSNBC, and Politico, showing a massive collusion with the mainstream media, who has hounded Trump relentlessly in an effort to distract from HRC's abysmal candidacy. ( source ) Through the treasure trove of Wikileaks emails, we can gain an accurate picture of how Hillary really feels about us all (spoiler: basket of deplorables, basement dwellers and right wing conspirators) ( source ) President Obama knew the whole time that her emails were not coming from the secure State Department server. Cheryl Mills wrote to John Podesta, 'W e need to clean this up '“ he has emails from her '“ they do not say state.gov .' You see, Obama's emails all have to be from'whitelisted'addresses. So someone, somewhere, added her nonsecure email to his whitelist. ( source ) 
And finally, here's the real reason that treacherous shrew is involved in politics. And let me tell you, it isn't because she yearns to make things better for anyone but herself. (emphasis mine.) 
At the Goldman Sachs Builders and Innovators Summit, Clinton responded to a question from chief executive Lloyd Blankfein, who quipped that you 'go to Washington' to 'make a small fortune.' Clinton agreed with the comment and complained about ethics rules that require officials to divest from certain assets before entering government. ' There is such a bias against people who have led successful and/or complicated lives, ' Clinton said. ( source ) Together, we cannot be ignored. I am on a mission between now and the Presidential Election on November 8th and I hope that you will join me. I am going to work day and night to provide the coverage that the mainstream media is not. It isn't until we combine all of our voices that we can make people listen to the scandals, the rigging, and the corruption, not only in this election but in the system in general. Please join your voice with mine by liking, sharing, and spreading the word. Together, we cannot be ignored. Together, we are an army. Read more about Hillary Clinton
ARTICLE

Published on Oct 27, 2016 by Jeff Quitney The Big Picture TV Series playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list'¦ 
more at http://quickfound.net 
'The 30th Infantry Division '“'Old Hickory' as this combat infantry division was affectionately called by military people both in and out of it. This National Guard Division is shown in North Carolina and Tennessee, and in combat. It rightfully earned its name as 'the Work Horse of the Western Front.' Colonel Quinn appears and explains the clothing, equipment and food available to the combat infantryman.' 
'The Big Picture' episode TV-211 
Public domain film from the US National Archives, slightly cropped to remove uneven edges, with the aspect ratio corrected, and one-pass brightness-contrast-color correction & mild video noise reduction applied. The soundtrack was also processed with volume normalization, noise reduction, clipping reduction, and/or equalization (the resulting sound, though not perfect, is far less noisy than the original). 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/30th_In'¦ ) 
The 30th Infantry Division was a unit of the Army National Guard in World War I and World War II. It was nicknamed the 'Old Hickory' division, in honor of President Andrew Jackson. The Germans nicknamed this division 'Roosevelt's SS.'. The 30th Infantry Division was regarded by SLA Marshall as the number one infantry division in the European Theater of Operations (ETO), involved in 282 days of intense combat over a period from June 1944 through April 1945'¦ 
The 30th Infantry Division arrived in England, 22 February 1944, and trained until June. It landed at Omaha Beach, Normandy, 11 June 1944, secured the Vire-et-Taute Canal, crossed the Vire River, 7 July, and, beginning on 25 July spearheaded the Saint-LÃ´ break-through of Operation Cobra. 
During Operation Cobra, on both 24 and 25 July, the 30th encountered a devastating friendly fire incident. As part of the effort to break out of the Normandy hedgerows, U.S. Army Air Force bombers from England were sent to carpet bomb a one by three mile corridor of the German defenses opposite the American line. However, Air Force planners, in complete disregard or lack of understanding of their role in supporting the ground attack, loaded the heavy B-24 Liberator and B-17 Flying Fortress bombers with 500-pound bombs, destroying roads and bridges and complicating movement through the corridor, instead of lighter 100-pound bombs intended as antipersonnel devices against German defenders. Air planners switched the approach of attack by 90 degrees without informing ground commanders, thus a landmark road to guide the bombers to the bombing zone was miscommunicated as the point to begin the bombing run. Start point confusion was further compounded by red smoke signals that suddenly blew in the wrong direction, and bombs began falling on the heads of the U.S. soldiers. There were over 100 friendly fire casualties over the two days, including Lieutenant General Lesley J. McNair, commander of Army Ground Forces. 
The 30th relieved the 1st Infantry Division near Mortain on 6 August. The German drive to Avranches began shortly after. The 30th clashed with the elite 1st SS Panzer Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler, and fierce fighting in place with all available personnel broke out. The 30th frustrated enemy plans and broke the spearhead of the enemy assault in a violent struggle from 7'“12 August. After the liberation of Paris, the division drove east through Belgium, crossing the Meuse River at VisÃ© and LiÃ¨ge on 10 September. Elements of the division entered the Netherlands on 12 September, and Maastricht fell the next day. Moving into Germany and taking up positions along the Wurm River, the 30th launched its attack on the heavily defended city of Aachen on 2 October 1944, and succeeded in contacting the 1st Division on 16 October, resulting in the encirclement and takeover of Aachen'¦ 
After a rest period, the 30th eliminated an enemy salient northeast of Aachen on 16 November, pushed through Alsdorf to the Inde River on 28 November, and then moved to rest areas. On 17 December the division rushed south to the Malmedy-Stavelot area to help block the powerful enemy drive in the Battle of the Bulge'¦ Share this:
ARTICLE

Free Thought Project '“ by Jay Syrmopoulos 
Cannon Ball, ND '“ Pipeline opponents attempting to protect their water supply from the Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL), as well as prevent the continued destruction of burial grounds and cultural sites, are anticipating a confrontation with police today. This news come after 'water protectors' refused law enforcement requests to vacate reoccupied land in the pipeline's path, owned by Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners. 
Last week, native activists took the bold action of declaring eminent domain over their traditional territory and set up a new camp 'Front-Line' camp directly in the pipeline's path. Pipeline opponents say they have simply reclaimed the land under the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851, clearly noting the Sioux never ceded that territory. The new encampment lies across Highway 1806, where pipeline security guards armed with guard dogs and pepper spray attacked protestors attempting to stop the bulldozing of cultural sites and burial grounds on September 3. 
The impending crisis comes after nearly 200 water protectors set up the new camp on land that Energy Transfer Partners last month purchased from a local rancher in an effort to bolster strategic and tactical control of areas surrounding construction of the controversial pipeline. 
According to the AP , however, the Native Americans claim the land is theirs by way of an '1851 treaty and they won't leave until the pipeline is stopped.' 'We never ceded this land,' said protester Joye Braun. 
This latest flashpoint in the ongoing conflict is north of the larger and more permanent encampments, which have been constructed on federally owned land where over 200 Native American tribes have gathered to oppose the pipeline's construction. 
On Wednesday, a heavily militarized law enforcement presence began mobilizing heavy equipment, including Humvees, armored personnel carriers, buses and demanded the protestors leave the occupied area. 
In an ominous sign, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has restricted flights , and banned the use of drones within a radius of about 4 Â½ miles of Cannon Ball. The FAA declared that only aircraft affiliated with the North Dakota Tactical Operation Center are allowed within the restricted airspace. The flight restriction went into effect Wednesday and will last until November 5. 
Indian Country Today reports : 
What began with prayers and a single tipi alongside Highway 1806 quickly grew to more than a dozen tipis surrounded by tents, buses, cars and hundreds of water protectors. Some are calling it the '1851 Treaty Camp' to acknowledge their Treaty rights. 
Across the road is the encroaching pipeline and a heavily militarized police force with armored vehicles, helicopters, planes, ATVs and busloads of officers. Tensions are growing as unarmed citizens worry that police will use unnecessarily harsh tactics. 
In recent weeks, nearly 300 unarmed water protectors who were arrested have been subjected to pepper spray, strip-searches, delayed bail, exaggerated charges and physical violence, according to interviews with several who were taken into custody. The ACLU and National Lawyers Guild recently sent attorneys to Standing Rock to help the Red Owl Collective, a team of volunteer lawyers headed by attorney Bruce Ellison, who are representing many of those arrested. 
The massive law enforcement contingent, consisting of sheriff's deputies and officers from numerous other states and counties, as well as National Guard, began staging near the encampment '” with scores of Armored Personnel Carriers, buses and Humvees poised at the ready. 
'At some point the rule of law has to be enforced,' Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney said Wednesday. 'We could go down there at any time. We're trying not to.' 
Dakota Access LLC, the pipeline developer released a statement encouraging trespassers to 'vacate the land immediately' or be 'removed from the land.' 
'Alternatively and in coordination with local law enforcement and county/state officials, all trespassers will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and removed from the land,' the company said. 'Lawless behavior will not be tolerated.' 
Just days ago, sheriff's officials had said earlier they didn't have the resources to immediately remove activists from the private land, about 50 miles south of Bismarck. Subsequently, law enforcement officials put out a call for reinforcements, with hundreds of officers from out of state responding. 
On Wednesday, actor and environmental activist Mark Ruffalo and civil rights leader Rev. Jesse Jackson went to the new camp to speak and pray with the water protectors. Ruffalo had arrived the night before to speak on an anti-DAPL panel with Native activists at the Prairie Knights Casino and Hotel, according to Indian Country Today. 
After touring the camp Jackson spoke to the crowd, reminding people that nonviolence is key to winning the battle for justice. 
'With promises broken, land stolen, and sacred lands desecrated, the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe is standing up for their right to clean water. They have lost land for settlers to farm, more land for gold in the Black Hills, and then again even more land for the damn (sic) that was built for flood control and hydro power,' Jackson said. 
When will the taking stop? When will we start treating the first peoples of these lands with the respect and honor they deserve? 
The rerouting of the pipeline away from Bismarck to its current route is 'the ripest case of environmental racism I've seen in a long time,' Jackson said. 'Bismarck residents don't want their water threatened, so why is it okay for North Dakota to react with guns and tanks when Native Americans ask for the same right?' 
The pipeline was originally scheduled to run north of Bismarck until local residents expressed displeasure with the plan, with the DAPL ultimately being rerouted to its current trajectory near the Oceti Sakowin Standing Rock Reservation. 
With an impending militarized police raid of the camp, Mekasi Camp-Horinek, one of the camp coordinators, told officers the protesters planned to stand their ground, saying 'Do what you've got to do,' according to the Bismarck Tribune 
'I don't have a crystal ball to know when it will happen, but we know it will happen,' said Mekasi Camp-Horinek, a member of the Ponca tribe in Oklahoma. 'We're going to hold this ground.' 
Water protectors could be heard chanting, 'Stand in peace against the beast.' 
'I'm here to die if I have to. I don't want to die but I will,' said Didi Banerji, who lives in Toronto but is originally from the Spirit Lake Sioux reservation in North Dakota. 
The protesters are simply trying to keep law enforcement from preventing their efforts to stop the pipeline said David Red Bear Jr., 30, from the South Dakota side of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. 
'If we don't stop them here, they're going to cut us off closer to the pipeline. We can't let that happen,' Red Bear said. 'We're not trying to force anybody's hand. We're just trying to stand up for what we believe in.' 
The reality is that the citizens of North Dakota are funding a protection force, in the form of police, for a multi-billion dollar corporate entity. North Dakota's Emergency Commission previously approved $6 million in emergency funding for law enforcement costs related to the protest '” with almost all of those funds having been used already. The Department of Emergency Services plans to ask for more, spokeswoman Cecily Fong said. 
Do North Dakotans want their tax money spent on police acting as paid enforcers for Wall Street and big oil interests? 
While law enforcement claims they are just doing their job and enforcing the law, in reality, they are acting as enforcers for an unjust corporate oligarchy that consistently puts money over people. The financial elite are the ones who the police are truly protecting and serving '” not the American people. Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/militarized-police-mobilize-assault-standing-rock/#PSrb86pVTC4uQDzq.99 Share this:
ARTICLE

BBC News A group of warships including Russia's only aircraft carrier, the Admiral Kuznetsov, is reportedly refuelling at sea off North Africa en route to Syria. 
Plans for some of the ships to dock at a Spanish port were cancelled after Nato allies voiced concern. 
Nato is concerned planes from the carrier could be used to attack civilians in the Syrian city of Aleppo. 
President Vladimir Putin also hinted that an aerial bombardment of rebel-held east Aleppo could resume. 
Russia and its ally, the Syrian government, had said earlier that they would continue a moratorium on the bombing. 
At an international conference in the Russian city of Sochi on Thursday, Mr Putin said other parties to the conflict had not been keeping their promises. 
'Where is the disengagement of terrorists from the healthy part of the opposition?' Mr Putin asked. 
'So far we have been restrained, and we have not been rude to our partners, but everything has its limits. We could respond.' 
The Admiral Kuznetsov can carry dozens of fighter bombers and helicopters. It has been sailing for the past week from Russia to the Mediterranean. 
The BBC's Jonathan Marcus reports from Brussels that the battle group is currently at anchor off the North African coast and taking on fuel. 
The group has two 'oilers' (tankers) with it and it is not clear which of the vessels is actually refuelling, he adds. 
The Russian embassy in Madrid formally withdrew a request to Spain for refuelling after being approached by the Spanish foreign ministry. 
'Given the information which appeared on the possibility that these ships would participate in supporting military action in the Syrian city of Aleppo, the ministry of foreign affairs requested clarification from the embassy of the Russian Federation in Madrid,' the Spanish foreign ministry had said on Wednesday in a statement to the BBC. 
It added that permission had been granted in September for three Russian ships to dock in the port of Ceuta between 28 October and 2 November. It said such stops for Russian naval vessels had taken place for years in Spanish ports. 
Nato had said the final decision on resupply rested with Spain. 
'We are concerned and I have expressed that very clearly about the potential use of this battle group to increase Russia's ability and to be a platform for air strikes against Syria,' Nato's Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg told journalists on Tuesday. Image copyright EPA Image caption The warships came down the Channel 
The naval group also includes a nuclear-powered battle cruiser, two anti-submarine warships and four support vessels, probably escorted by submarines. 
The battle group is expected to join about 10 other Russian vessels already off the Syrian coast. 
Some 2,700 people have been killed or injured since the Russian-backed Syrian offensive started last month, according to activists. 
Western leaders have said Russian and Syrian air strikes on Aleppo could amount to war crimes, an accusation rejected by Russia. 
About 250,000 civilians who live in Aleppo have been trapped by the fighting. Moscow announced last week a 'humanitarian pause' in attacks as part of a plan to allow civilians and fighters to leave the area.
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 12 + 15 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Breitbart '“ by Deborah Danan 
TEL AVIV '“ Donald Trump told a Republican rally in Jerusalem on Wednesday that he loves Judaism and will work to make 'America and Israel safe again.' 
'I love Israel and honor and respect the Jewish tradition and it's important we have a president who feels the same way,' Trump said in a video message via satellite to several hundred Israelis and Americans who had gathered for the event. 
'My administration will stand side-by-side with the Jewish people and Israel's leaders to continue strengthening the bridges that connect not only Jewish-Americans and Israelis, but also all Americans and Israelis,' Trump said. 
'Together we will stand up to enemies, like Iran, bent on destroying Israel and her people, together we will make America and Israel safe again,' he added. 
The event, organized by Republicans Overseas Israel on the rooftop of a restaurant overlooking the Old City of Jerusalem, was titled 'Jerusalem Forever,' in protest of the recent UNESCO resolutions that erased Jewish and Christian connections to the holy city. 
Last week, Trump slammed the resolution as a 'one-sided attempt to ignore Israel's 3,000-year bond to its capital city' and 'further evidence of the enormous anti-Israel bias' at the United Nations. 
Trump's running mate Mike Pence also addressed the event via video, saying that Jerusalem is 'the eternal undivided capital of the Jewish people and the Jewish state.' 
'Donald Trump and I stand with Israel because Israel's fight is our fight, because Israel's cause is our cause,' he said. 'Israel is our most cherished ally.' Pence added that he and Trump 'understand that Israel is not hated by her enemies for what she does wrong but rather for what she does right.' 
'Like the U.S., Israel is hated by terrorists and the failed states that support them. She is hated by too many progressives, because she is successful and her people are free,' he said. 
Pence also said Israel's military defends the Jewish state with 'decency, humanity and restraint.' 
Trump's adviser on Israel affairs, David Friedman, came to Israel for the event. He promised the crowd that if Trump were elected he would treat Israel very differently than the Obama administration. 
He added that Trump would make good on his promise to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. 
'Under a Trump administration there is going to be no daylight between the U.S. and the State of Israel,' he said. 'If there are disagreements they will be handled in private as is done between close friends.' 
According to Friedman, some 80 percent of registered U.S. voters in Israel are expected to vote for Trump. 
Many of the Trump supporters at the rally were sporting red 'Make America Great Again' hats and said they believed he was the most pro-Israel candidate to lead America. 
'I'm here today to show support for Donald Trump as he is standing with us, supporting us here in Israel,' the Times of Israel quoted Reuven Ashenberg saying. Ashenberg, originally from Teaneck, New Jersey, now runs the Republican party's campaign in Beit Shemesh. 
'He's the only candidate that's pro-Israel and we need to show him our support as we're rallying around the right choice, to help 'Make America Great Again,' and thereby helping Israel become great again as well,' Ashenberg said. 
Abe Marks, who hails from New York and now lives in Jerusalem, said his biggest concern about Hillary Clinton would be who she appoints to the Supreme Court. Her choices 'will be destructive to American freedoms and the American way of life.' 
Marks admitted that while he was not completely 'enamored' by Trump, he likes that 'he's not part of the big boys' club.' Clinton, Marks said, was 'under the thumb of the New World Order' and as such he's 'very, very scared of her.' 
Marks added that, most crucially, Trump will fulfill his campaign pledge to relocate the American embassy to Jerusalem. 
'They all promise it, but he will actually do it. He has nothing holding him back,' he said.
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 4 + 2 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

The Daily Sheeple '“ by Melissa Dykes 
Sure, Hillary Clinton is a banshee nightmare from Hell, but that really doesn't mean Donald Trump is automatically amazing just because literally anything is better than Hillary. That's a pretty low bar. 
Trump has assured us he'll give a lot more power to Big Brother as if we aren't already living in an Orwellian nightmare as it is. He has said that he will grow the police state, boost the Patriot Act, and extend the neverending wars (he keeps mentioning Iran specifically, because no matter who becomes president, they all know they have to sing that same old 'Which Path to Persia?' tune). Once I even heard the man say he expects the NSA to be listening in to all our phone calls'¦ guess that makes it okay??? 
à² _à²  
Trump has also called Edward Snowden a traitor and implied that he should be executed. 
He also banned Snowden from Miss Universe'¦ which I'm sure must've really broken poor Edward's heart. Message to Edward Snowden, you're banned from @MissUniverse . Unless you want me to take you back home to face justice! 
'” Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 21, 2013 
While Snowden may be a limited hangout, that's beside the point here. Without Snowden, we wouldn't have so much hard physical evidence of just how much our Constitution has been trampled, our 4th Amendment has been run over, and our privacy has been rendered nonexistent in the cybernetic technological control grid we now find ourselves living in. 
How is exposing the tyrannical government's crimes against the people a traitorous act worthy of death? 
And this talk of 'justice'? 
Real justice would be someone standing up for the Constitution and Bill of Rights and challenging Big Brother and the NSA surveillance state, something neither Trump nor Hillary ever planned to do. 
Then again, Trump is the same guy who said he would 'take out' the family members of terrorists. Do you have a criminal in the family? How would you like to be killed because your family member is a criminal? Same logic fail. 
Like this government is honest about who the real terrorists even are anyway. Come on. If we're to believe Trump is that naive, he shouldn't go anywhere near the oval office. 
Then again, how does the saying go? Everyone that would make a truly good president is smart enough to realize they'd never want to be president? Not that presidents are really running anything in this country anyway'¦ 
Sigh. . @realDonaldTrump yes, I'm sure Edward Snowden would take it all back if he'd known he'd eventually be banned from @MissUniverse .
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 4 + 2 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Published on Oct 26, 2016 by Barry Soetoro WATCH HILLARY'S EYEBALL LOSE ITS MIND AND GO COMPLETELY INSANE IN LAKE WORTH, FL (10-26-2016) 
HILLARY CLINTON HAS PARKINSON'S DISEASE SINCE AT LEAST 2005, WHEN HER PUBLIC RECORD OF FALLING DOWN BEGAN. HILLARY HAS DEMENTIA AND BRAIN DAMAGE. 
HILLARY'S MENTAL ILLNESS IS OBVIOUS FROM THE LUNATIC BEHAVIOR OF HER EYEBALLS. THIS FOOTAGE IS VERY REAL AND VERY FRIGHTENING. NOT SUITABLE FOR SMALL CHILDREN. 
ALSO WATCH THESE'¦..
ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by Andrew Midkiff 
Published on Oct 27, 2016 by Historia '“ Bel99TV The Great Swindle '“'Big business has no shame''“ 1940s rationing & monopoly bank control of U.S. economy made farmers over-produce causing large stockpiles of food, and the prices plummeted, farmers became depressed and financially squeezed. 'Sales Dollar Arguments''“ history repeats'¦ Share this:
ARTICLE

OC Register '“ by Scott Schwebke 
SANTA ANA '“ The city will pay a Santa Ana marijuana dispensary $100,000 to settle a federal lawsuit in connection with a controversial raid last year where police officers were caught on hidden video eating snacks and making disparaging remarks about a handicapped woman. 
As part of the settlement agreement finalized earlier this month, the city of Santa Ana will also dismiss misdemeanor charges against a dozen people accused of unlawfully operating Sky High Holistic at the time of the May 26, 2015 raid . 
The settlement proceeds will be divided among Marla and David James, who are volunteers at Sky High, and Dr. Bradley Idelshon, a physician whose nearby office was left without power and water during the raid and is not affiliated with the dispensary, its attorney Matthew Pappas said. 
'The settlement of civil rights claims and dismissal of criminal actions shows Santa Ana is taking responsibility for improper actions it took, including the raid of Sky High Holistic, in support of its lottery-based marijuana regulation ordinance, Pappas said Tuesday in an email. 
Santa Ana Deputy City Manager Robert Cortez declined Tuesday to discuss the settlement, saying the municipality doesn't comment on legal matters. 
The lawsuit alleges that following voter approval of Santa Ana ballot Measure BB in November 2014, enabling a lottery to select 20 entrepreneurs to operate marijuana dispensaries, city and police officials formulated a plan to close dispensaries operating without a permit. 
Sky High, located on West 17th Street, wasn't selected for a permit in the lottery. The dispensary was then raided as part of the enforcement program carried out by Santa Ana police, according to the lawsuit. 
Hidden video of the raid released by Pappas shows Santa Ana officers forcing Sky High customers to the floor, profanely referencing James in her wheelchair and munching on snacks. 
The bust,which went viral, led to the suspension of three police officers, who are no longer employed by the Santa Ana Police Department . 
Police have not said why the trio aren't with the department. They have been charged with misdemeanor petty theft and scheduled to be back in court next month. 
The lawsuit alleges police caused extensive damage and took thousands of dollars in cash along with marijuana products during the Sky High raid. 
Pappas said he is continuing to pursue petitions in Orange County Superior Court for return of money and items seized in the raid and a lawsuit that seeks other unspecified monetary damages. 
Contact the writer: 714-796-7767 [email protected] Twitter: @thechalkoutline
ARTICLE

Philly.com '“ by Angela Couloumbis 
HARRISBURG '“ As cities nationwide grapple with fatal police shootings, many involving unarmed black men, Pennsylvania's legislature on Thursday passed and sent to Gov. Wolf a contentious measure that would block public officials from immediately releasing the names of officers involved in such incidents. 
The measure, sponsored by State Rep. Martina White (R., Phila.) and approved by the GOP-controlled legislature, stoked sharp opinions. 
Supporters say the bill, supported by local police unions, is necessary to protect officers and their families after such incidents. 
'We are the protectors of our protectors,' said one proponent, State Rep. Dom Costa (D., Allegheny), a former Pittsburgh police chief. 
Opponents said the bill flies in the face of transparency, which they believe is critical in police-involved shootings. 
'Do not undermine the bridges that have been built between law enforcement and communities of color,' Rep. Margo Davidson (D., Delaware) said in a floor debate. 'This legislation will do nothing but breed suspicion.' 
Wolf has not said whether he will sign the bill. Civil libertarians said a law could be the first of its kind in the United States. 
State law now lets local officials determine when to publicly identify an officer who has used force. 
Under the legislation, public officials would be barred from releasing the name of an officer involved in a shooting until 30 days after the incident, or after an official investigation into it ends. Violators could be charged with a second-degree misdemeanor. 
The Attorney General's Office and district attorneys would be exempt. 
The law would supersede current policy in Philadelphia, where the Police Department typically discloses names of officers involved in shootings within 72 hours if there are no credible threats to those officers. A department spokesman on Thursday would say only that if the bill became law, Philadelphia police would follow it. 
The Pittsburgh Police Department generally does not identify officers involved in shootings unless they are charged with a crime. Officer Robert Swartzwelder, president of the Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 1 there, called the proposal fair. 
'There's an obligation by society to protect its police officers as well,' he said. 'The police put their lives on the line to protect the public, and they don't lose their rights because they put on a badge.' 
Elizabeth Pittinger, executive director of the Pittsburgh Citizen Police Review Board, a city-funded independent watchdog, called the bill chilling. 'Gagging a public official from disclosing a police officer's identity and then criminalizing a public official's accountability to the public is outrageous,' she said. 
Critics also complained that Republican legislators pushed through a controversial measure on their last expected voting day without a full airing. 
White's bill was approved, 151-32, with many Philadelphia-area lawmakers against it. In the Senate, it passed 39-9. 
The legislature has enough votes to override a Wolf veto, but would have to take the unusual step of reconvening for votes after Election Day to do so.
ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by # 1 NWO Hatr Published on Oct 27, 2016 by Truthstream Media The oligarchy runs our society with Problem '“ Reaction '“ Solution. If anything, these leaks have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that the two-party system is an illusion and the whole construct is one huge pay-for-play corporate sham. Obamacare was always meant to destroy the private health care system and usher in single-payer, government run socialist medicine. It was designed that way'¦ and it's 'working'. Share this:
ARTICLE

Reuters 
Police arrested 141 Native Americans and other protesters in North Dakota in a tense standoff that spilled into Friday morning between law enforcement and demonstrators seeking to halt construction of a disputed oil pipeline. 
Police in riot gear used pepper spray and armored vehicles in an effort to disperse an estimated 330 protesters and clear a camp on private property in the path of the proposed $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline, according to photos and statements released by the Morton County Sheriff's Department. 
Some protesters responded by throwing rocks, bottles and Molotov cocktails at police, attaching themselves to vehicles and starting fires, police said. 
'It was a very active and tense evening as law enforcement worked through the evening to clear protesters,' the department said. 
A female protester fired three rounds at the police line before she was arrested, the department said. 
In another shooting incident, a man was taken into custody after a man was shot in the hand. That 'situation involved a private individual who was run off the road by protesters,' the department said in a Facebook post. 
The 1,172-mile (1,885-km) pipeline, being built by a group of companies led by Energy Transfer Partners LP, would offer the fastest and most direct route to bring Bakken shale oil from North Dakota to U.S. Gulf Coast refineries. 
Supporters say it would be safer and more cost-effective than transporting the oil by road or rail. 
But the pipeline has drawn the ire of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and environmental activists who say it threatens the water supply and sacred tribal sites. They have been protesting for several months, and dozens have been arrested. 
In all, 141 people were arrested on various charges including conspiracy to endanger by fire or explosion, engaging in a riot and maintaining a public nuisance, the sheriff's department said. 
Native American protesters had occupied the site since Monday, saying they were the land's rightful owners under an 1851 treaty with the U.S. government. 
Video posted on social media showed dozens of police and two armored vehicles slowly approaching one group of protesters. 
Reuters was unable to confirm the authenticity of the video, which showed a helicopter overhead as some protesters said police had used bean-bag guns in an effort to chase them out of the camp. 
North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple said police were successful in clearing the camp. 
'Private property is not the place to carry out a peaceful protest,' he said. 
Members of the Standing Rock Sioux asked Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Thursday to oppose the pipeline. She has not taken a public position on the issue.
ARTICLE

World Events and the Bible 
The United States of America. Once blessed, once great. Have you ever asked yourself why this nation was once blessed? Why and how did this nation become the greatest nation on the face of the earth? It was because we put our Father first, He was not only a part of our lives, He was a part of the nation itself. For decades we have allowed officials and presidents into power that do not know our Father. We have embraced church leaders who do not know God, instead, they lean on their own understanding ( Jeremiah 17:5 , Proverbs 3:5 ) . ' We The People ', as a whole, as a nation have lost our way. We have lost sight of the fact that it was God, our Father in Heaven who blessed this nation and made it great, not us or those we allowed to enter into office. 
This year like so many times before we are faced with a presidential race ' that is the most important in history '. There are only two candidates, both of which were forced on us by the children of Satan and their mainstream media. Donald Trump the Republican candidate and Hillary Clinton the Democratic candidate. Nearly 90% of you did not want either of them to be your president to begin with. Yet here we are, days away from the election and all the people can say is vote for Trump or Clinton. 
What about making a stand against the establishment who is forcing these two candidates down your throat? Most of us do not want either of them in office, so instead of accepting the principles and morals of the two candidates, let us discuss with our fellow men why these two have been allowed to run in the first place. Why are they our selections if we did not want or choose them? That is the topic we should be discussing. 
Why do we not reject both candidates and the entire system that is falsely claiming we have an actual choice? The system that is forcing us to accept these two unwanted people as the next president of the most powerful nation on earth. 
Nationally that discussion is not likely to occur as we are predisposition to discuss only what the mainstream media drums into our minds as truth. Their truth is Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. Can we not think for ourselves or is this too controversial to discuss with family and friends? Our lack of reason, our lack of ability to think for ourselves is yet another reason why we find ourselves in this boat, because we have allowed our voices to be silenced. Because we have allowed our ideals and principles to be stepped on and our morals to be manipulated into worthlessness. 
Do you realize Jesus Christ did not come to send peace on the earth or to fix all your problems? Out of His own mouth, ' Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth? I tell you, Nay; but rather division ', ( Luke 12:51 ) . Christ did not come here to talk sweet to everyone and tell them what they wanted to hear. He came to divide the righteous from the evil. He came to tell us the truth and we should do the same even if it rattles some nerves. By voting for evil, even if it is the lesser of two evils, you are still voting for evil. Voting for any evil is not following Christ. By voting for any evil you are allowing yourself to be divided and you are not choosing to stand with God. 
Let us talk about that division for a moment and turn your Bible with me to, 
Hebrews 4:12 12 'For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.' 
To divide soul and spirit, this is a spiritual war of good and evil. Between God and Satan. Who will you stand with? It is not easy to swing this Sword of truth. Making a stand against the majority has never been an easy task, but with our Father we can succeed. We can stand! 
Revelation 18:4 4 'And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people , that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues .' 
This voice from Heaven is telling us to remove ourselves from the children of Satan's government and not participate in it. This voice from Heaven is telling you to make a stand for God or reap the rewards for standing and supporting evil. 
There is a great storm coming on the earth my friends and all we can see are the dark clouds on the horizon approaching at this point in time. If you cannot see through the lies and deception of the storm that is far away. How will you ever be able to stand for God and weather the storm that is coming? How will you be able to weather the storm when it is overhead? Satan's storm of lies and deception. 
Let us talk about more truth. 
Neither political candidate; Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump have this nations or your best interests at heart. There is no question about it, Hillary Clinton is in bed with the globalists. From where I sit she would be the perfect candidate to finish the destruction of this nation. Donald Trump on the other hand touts his slogan, ' Make America Great Again ,' yet America will never be great without our Father. No man on the face of this earth can make America great without our Father being involved. I have seen nothing from Trump to indicate he stands for God, quite the opposite. I have heard him tell me how I should allow a transgender man in the bathroom with my daughter. I have heard him tell me how sinless he is and how he wants to remove some of our firearm rights and of course he wants to sick NATO on sovereign nations . 
You might say, ' it is our duty to vote for the candidate who is most in line with God '. I would say, ' you are still voting for evil '. 
Why should we do that? Because it is Godly? Because that has worked so well in the past? Because it has worked so well Americans continue to lose their freedoms, so well our men and women continue to fight endless wars to serve the globalists and so well we have record abortion and STD levels in this nation? Voting for evil has never worked, all it has done is led this country to depravity and ruin. We see this with our own eyes year after year, but we vote for the lesser of two evils as if we will really expect to see a different result. 
We are told ' We The People ' have a choice and that we can control our future. If that were true we would see two worthy candidates on the television. We would have voting machines that did not flip the entered vote. We would not have dead men and women voting. We would not have illegal aliens bused into the polls to vote. If that statement were true my friends we would not have the Electoral College vote that overrules your vote and makes your vote 100% void and puts into office who they want, not who you choose. Think about that for a moment. Do you understand? Your vote means nothing. Your vote does not count. They are merely making it appear as if your vote counts, but it is a horrible lie. The two party system is a lie, a ploy to deceive you into believing ' We The People ' are in control. You have no choice for president and you have no voice because you have allowed yourself to be silenced by not questioning why these two are our ' choices ' to begin with. How did that happen when 90% of us did not want either one of them in office? The rights ' We The People ' supposedly enjoy have been subverted, stolen and you are being led and deceived by evil people who have in effect enslaved the nation and the nation is still completely blind to it. 
The fact is the candidate the children of Satan want in office will make it into office. If by some chance a candidate made it into office they did not want, that person would be removed through death or other means and I think both Kennedys are a perfect example of that. Make no mistake about it, the United States is the tool of the children of Satan. We have been enslaved and deceived into forcing the free nations of the world into a one world government. The children of Satan are extremely close to obtaining their one world government and they are not going to miss any opportunities to advance their agenda. Keeping you in a state of false hope, of false choice for your next ' leader ' is key to their success. 
Let us talk about even more truth. 
This nation will not turn around because a man or woman of God is not going to inherit the White House, plain and simple. No matter who occupies the White House in January, these things are certain. We are witnessing the final events of this age of flesh and they are coming to pass rapidly. We will have a one world government that will receive a Deadly Wound to its structure, one the children of Satan cannot heal. However, Satan, their father will heal this Deadly Wound when he is cast from Heaven to earth. The world will be in such disarray the people will cling to Satan who they perceive to be Christ , they will accept him as Christ and the kingdom he establishes on earth . At the midst of the week, the Saints will stand for our Father along with the Two Witnesses and our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ will return and reign as King over the entire earth. 
In closing, please turn your Bible with me to, 
Daniel 2:21 21 'And he changeth the times and the seasons: he removeth kings, and setteth up kings : he giveth wisdom unto the wise, and knowledge to them that know understanding:' 
Who sets up kings and removes them? You and I at a rigged ballot box? No. Your Father in Heaven does. He not only sets up kings and presidents, but he removes them from power as well. We should all take comfort in knowing in spite of all the plans implemented by the children of Satan, our Father will select the candidate that will fulfill His Word. Our Father is almighty and powerful and we can take comfort in Him and His Word.
ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by Frank Face Published on Oct 27, 2016 by Activist-News Does Wikileaks work in the interests of humanity or the illegal state of Israel? Decide for yourself, in this tell-all about Julian Assange. A special thanks to Jonathan Azaziah, who originally wrote the text for 'Mark Of Zion: Wikileaks Is Zionist Posion', written 6 years ago and perhaps more appropriate now then ever before. A special Thanks to Snordster, who tried to get this message out to youtubers and got himself banned a couple of times. Almost all the Audio and the entirety of the Narration is done so by Snordster. 
An Entire Transcript of Johnathan Azaziah's work:
ARTICLE

Waking Times '“ by Nathaniel Mauka 
Congress overwhelmingly voted for the Patriot Act nearly 16 years ago, and our civil liberties have never been the same since. As if this singular bill, passed by George W. Bush, wasn't invasive enough, allowing big banks to demand our internet data, and more '” the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act ( CISA ) makes cyber-spying by the shadow government and the financial entities controlling it, a forgone conclusion. 
As with most shadow government legislation, the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act is packed with hidden surveillance allowances. CISA was quietly passed to allow government to demand that private companies hand over personal information to them at will. It also allows companies to mine data, under the auspices of government-created urgency. 
The mere fact that this act passed in late 2015 is monumental, since it has been before Congress in different forms for over a decade . The election seems to have offered the perfect cover, as Americans and activists were too busy arguing over Trump vs. Hillary. 
Scott Talbott, senior vice president of government relations at the Electronic Transactions Association believes the value of sharing our personal data as a means to be alerted of 'cyber threats' outweighs any hazard to our civil liberties. Talbott states , 
'The value is that everyone can be alerted to cyber threats and take precautionary countermeasures before they materialize and spread,' he said. 'Before CISA, corrective measures could be taken only after the cyber threat had done its damage. CISA allows each company to serve as an early warning system to the entire economy.' 
Who exactly would be determining if someone is a 'threat' is the meat of the sandwich, though. CISA is ripe for abuse, just as the Patriot Act has been. 
The Patriot Act has made it legal for law enforcement to spy on people, without probable cause '“ to enter their homes, or even to strip search them before they've been to court, had the opportunity to argue a case, or given 'authorities' a motive for this type of interrogation. 
The stated purpose of the Patriot Act was to deter terrorist acts in the United States, but what do you do when the terrorists have already taken over your country? CISA simply expands the reach of a shadow government which has already been proven to reach beyond the boundaries of constitutional law. 
More importantly, who specifically is CISA targeting? After multiple hackÂ­ers have inÂ­filtÂ­rated comÂ­puter sysÂ­tems at the White House , the State DeÂ­partÂ­ment , the Pentagon , and the OfÂ­fice of PerÂ­sonÂ­nel ManÂ­ageÂ­ment, along with the Democratic National Committee , and numerous multinational banks run by the cabal, is the shadow government simply trying to create a stop-gap before their most elusive, yet damning information is made public? 
CISA certainly will expand the reach of government surveillance on citizens as it has been conducted by the the National Security Agency (NSA) before former NSA contractor Edward Snowden exposed it. 
'I think this bill was meant to be a surveillance bill from the start,' said Justin Harvey, CSO of Fidelis Cybersecurity, adding that he is dubious that the stated intent of the bill '“ to use collective intelligence to warn of potential cyber attacks and possibly stop them before they occur '“ will result. 
Under the guise of 'sharing cyber threats' CISA allows companies to wholesale-collect information that may not even be a threat '“ and then pass it along for government bodies to determine if it is, indeed a threat. If this sounds like circular logic '“ it is just the beginning of the odd verbiage within the bill. It's justifications for entering every possible orifice for data-gathering are more confounded than an octopus in a straight jacket. 
The government can already enter your personal property including your home, your body , your cell, and your computer , but now they will have a legal in-roads to declare you a cyber-threat, simply for sending an email . This begs the question '“ who is the real cyber-bully? CISA seems to be nothing more than a prevarication, covering the acts of an elite few who don't want their secrets exposed. About the Author 
Nathaniel Mauka is a researcher of the dark side of government and exopolitics, and a staff writer for Waking Times .
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 14 + 5 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 5 + 13 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

A plane carrying Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence slid off the runway while landing at New York City's Laguardia Airport Thursday evening. 
There was no immediate word of any injuries. 
The aircraft, a Boeing 737, tore up two tracks of concrete on the runway before coming to rest on a patch of grass. The Federal Aviation Administration said in a statement, 'A crushable concrete runway safety technology called an Engineered Material Arresting System stopped the plane.' 
'We seemed to be sliding for the distance of the landing and a burning smell became very obvious '” like rubber,' Fox News producer Dan Gallo wrote in an email. Hard to see much from these plane windows. But emergency vehicles are here. pic.twitter.com/XAkNSgDuWD 
'” Dan Gallo (@dangallo) October 27, 2016 
According to Gallo, Pence said that he saw mud on windows at the front of the plane when he came to check on passengers in the rear of the aircraft. 
'We can see mud on the front windows,' a calm Pence said in the press cabin about a minute after the plane came to rest. He said he felt fine. 
'So thankful everyone on our plane is safe,' Pence said in a later tweet . 'Grateful for our first responders & the concern & prayers of so many. Back on the trail tomorrow!' So thankful everyone on our plane is safe. Grateful for our first responders & the concern & prayers of so many. Back on the trail tomorrow! 
'” Mike Pence (@mike_pence) October 28, 2016 
The roughly 40 passengers and crew on board, including Pence, were evacuated through the back of the aircraft as a large amount of emergency vehicles responded to the scene. 
Campaign spokesman Marc Loetter later told reporters that Pence had missed his fundraiser in New York City and was headed to his hotel for the night. Pence later called into his fundraiser being held at Trump Tower from the car in the motorcade as he drove into Manhattan. 
Campaign officials told Fox News another plane is on the way, and Pence looks forward to being on the campaign trail on Friday as planned. 
A Trump campaign spokesperson told Fox News in a statement the Republican nominee reached out to his running mate after the incident. 
'Mr. Trump did reach out to Gov Pence and is very glad everyone on board plane is safe,' Trump campaign spokesperson Stephanie Grisham said. 
Trump later told a crowd a campaign rally in Geneva, Ohio that 'everbody is fine.' 
'I just spoke to our future Vice President and he's okay,' Trump told supporters. 'Do you know he was in a big accident wth the plane? The plane skidded off the runway and was pretty close to grave, grave danger, but I just spoke to Mike Pence and he's fine, got out. Everybody's fine.' 
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton said in a tweet she was 'glad to hear' everyone on board was safe. Glad to hear @mike_pence , his staff, Secret Service, and the crew are all safe. -H 
'” Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 28, 2016 
New York City's Office of Emergency Management said the airport was closed for roughly an hour a result of the incident. Due to a plane skidding off the runway, #LaGuardia is currently closed until further notice. Check with your airline for additional info. 
'” NYCEM '“ Notify NYC (@NotifyNYC) October 28, 2016 Following an earlier incident, #LaGuardia Airport has reopened to limited air traffic. Expect delays. Check with airline for additional info 
'” NYCEM '“ Notify NYC (@NotifyNYC) October 28, 2016 
New York City was being affected by heavy rain Thursday evening. It was not immediately clear whether that played a role in the landing.
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 13 + 9 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Published on Jun 29, 2015 by The Rays of Reason 6 Million '“ verse 1 '“ NOW IS THE TIME '“ FOR CRITICAL THINKING MINDS '“ TO TAKE ANOTHER LOOK INSIDE YOUR HISTORY BOOKS '“ AND TURN TO THE PAGES THAT COVERS WORLD WAR II '“ AND FOCUS YOUR ATTENTION ON THE 6 MILLION JEWS '“ verse 2 '“ YES 6 MILLION JEWS '“ IT'S A MANTRA YOU SEE '“ NOT MY POINT OF VIEW BUT A FACT SO DON'T GET MAD AT ME '“ THERE WERE NO GAS CHAMBERS IN ANY OF THE LABOR CAMPS '“ THE VICTORS WROTE THE STORY '“ IT NEEDS TO BE REVAMPED '“ chorus '“ YOU SEE THE HOLOCAUST IS NOT WHAT IT APPEARS TO BE '“ YES THE HOLOCAUST NEEDS TO BE LOOKED AT MORE CAREFULLY '“ YES THE HOLOCAUST IS CLEARLY A LOGISTIC IMPOSSIBILITY '“ YES THE HOLOCAUST '“ A CASH COW THAT KEEPS MAKING MONEY '“ verse 3 '“ 6 MILLION LIES IS WHAT WE ARE TOLD AT BIRTH '“ 6 MILLION LIES '“ IT KEEPS GROWING AND ONLY GETS WORSE '“ THEY USED IT AS A PROPAGANDA TOOL FOR ZIONIST ISRAEL '“ WHILE FORCING PALESTINE TO BECOME A LIVING HELL '“ REPEATS CHORUS '“ then tag '“ 6 MILLION 6 MILLION 6 MILLION LIES '“ 6 MILLION 6 MILLION 6 MILLION DID NOT DIE '“ IT'S A MANTRA REPEATED OVER AND OVER '“ IT'S TIME TO END THIS NOW '“ YOU SEE THE HOLOCAUST IS NOT WHAT IT APPEARS TO BE '“ words and music by John L. Niems '“ copyright 2015 NiemSongs Pub BMI '“ Share this:
ARTICLE

Yahoo News PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) '” A jury delivered an extraordinary blow to the government Thursday in a long-running battle over the use of public lands when it acquitted all seven defendants involved in the armed occupation of a national wildlife refuge in rural southeastern Oregon. Tumult erupted in the courtroom after the verdicts were read when an attorney for group leader Ammon Bundy demanded his client be immediately released, repeatedly yelling at the judge. U.S. marshals tackled attorney Marcus Mumford to the ground, used a stun gun on him several times and arrested him. U.S. District Judge Anna Brown said she could not release Bundy because he still faces charges in Nevada stemming from an armed standoff at his father Cliven Bundy's ranch two years ago. The Portland jury acquitted Bundy, his brother Ryan Bundy and five others of conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, 300 miles southeast of Portland. Even attorneys for the defendants were surprised by the acquittals. 'It's stunning. It's a stunning victory for the defense,' said Robert Salisbury, attorney for defendant Jeff Banta. 'I'm speechless.' Said defendant Neil Wampler: 'This is a tremendous victory for rural America and it is a well-deserved, overwhelming defeat for a corrupt and predatory federal government.' The U.S Attorney in Oregon, Billy J. Williams, issued a statement defending the decision to bring charges against the seven defendants: 'We strongly believe that this case needed to be brought before a Court, publicly tried, and decided by a jury. A Bundy daughter, Bailey Logue, said family members were savoring the victory, and would begin Friday to determine their next step. 'First thing, we're going to get down on our knees and thank our Heavenly Father, and we're going to enjoy our families,' Logue said. 'Tomorrow, we're going to figure out what we're going to do next.' Messages left for Bundy family matriarch Carol Bundy in Bunkerville, Nevada, weren't immediately returned. The Oregon case is a continuation of the tense standoff with federal officials at Cliven Bundy's ranch in 2014. Cliven, Ammon and Ryan Bundy are among those who are to go on trial in Nevada early next year for that standoff. While the charges in Oregon accused defendants of preventing federal workers from getting to their workplace, the case in Nevada revolves around allegations of a more direct threat: An armed standoff involving dozens of Bundy backers pointing weapons including assault-style rifles at federal Bureau of Land Management agents and contract cowboys rounding up cattle near the Bundy ranch outside Bunkerville. Daniel Hill, attorney for Ammon Bundy in the Nevada case, said he believed the acquittal in Oregon bodes well for his client and the other defendants facing felony weapon, conspiracy and other charges. 'When the jury here hears the whole story, I expect the same result,' Hill told The Associated Press in Las Vegas. Hill also said he'll seek his client's release from federal custody pending trial in Nevada. Ammon Bundy and his followers took over the Oregon bird sanctuary on Jan. 2. They objected to prison sentences handed down to Dwight and Steven Hammond, two local ranchers convicted of setting fires. They demanded the government free the father and son and relinquish control of public lands to local officials. The Bundys and other key figures were arrested in a Jan. 26 traffic stop outside the refuge that ended with police fatally shooting Robert 'LaVoy' Finicum, an occupation spokesman. Most occupiers left after his death, but four holdouts remained until Feb. 11, when they surrendered following a lengthy negotiation. Federal prosecutors took two weeks to present their case, finishing with a display of more than 30 guns seized after the standoff. An FBI agent testified that 16,636 live rounds and nearly 1,700 spent casings were found. During trial, Bundy testified that the plan was to take ownership of the refuge by occupying it for a period of time and then turn it over to local officials to use as they saw fit. Bundy also testified that the occupiers carried guns because they would have been arrested immediately otherwise and to protect themselves against possible government attack. The bird sanctuary takeover drew sympathizers from around the West. It also drew a few protesters who were upset that the armed occupation was preventing others from using the land. They included Kieran Suckling, executive director of the Center for Biological Diversity. Suckling on Thursday called the acquittals 'extremely disturbing' for 'anyone who cares about America's public lands, the rights of native people and their heritage, and a political system that refuses to be bullied by violence and racism. 'The Bundy clan and their followers peddle a dangerous brand of radicalism aimed at taking over lands owned by all of us. I worry this verdict only emboldens the kind of intimidation and right-wing violence that underpins their movement,' Suckling said. One of Ammon Bundy's attorneys, Morgan Philpot, had a different perspective after watching Mumford get tackled by marshals. 'His liberty was just assaulted by the very government that was supposed to protect it, by the very government that just prosecuted his client '” unjustly as the jury found.' There's another Oregon trial coming up over the wildlife refuge. Authorities had charged 26 occupiers with conspiracy. Eleven pleaded guilty, and another had the charge dropped. Seven defendants chose not to be tried at this time. Their trial is scheduled to begin Feb. 14.
ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by Joe from MassPrivateI Streamed live 21 hours ago by RonPaulLibertyReport Fifteen years ago yesterday, President George W. Bush signed the PATRIOT Act into law. It was said to be a necessary '“ and temporary '“ response to the terrorist attacks on 9/11. It has since become a permanent scar on the Fourth Amendment and the national-security state in Washington D.C. tells us we are in more danger than ever. Is this working? Share this:
ARTICLE

Published on Oct 27, 2016 by The Daily Sheeple Joe Joseph quickly discusses a new system being put in place at Detroit International Airport and sixteen other airports nationwide. This is classic 'problem, reaction, solution' where they make it so incredibly miserable to travel, that people will gladly give their rights away for convenience.
ARTICLE

Seattle Times 
Here's what's happening : Seattle Times environment reporter Lynda Mapes and Times photographer Alan Berner are on the ground through the end of the week to report on protests of the Dakota Access Pipeline near Bismarck, N.D. Hundreds of protesters have joined the Standing Rock Sioux tribe in their effort to block construction of the pipeline they say threatens water supplies and sacred sites. On Thursday, protesters clashed with police officers who began to push them from land owned by the pipeline developers. More than hundred people were arrested, authorities said. One woman allegedly fired shots at officers while being placed under arrest, according to the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services. Read our primer on what's going on with the oil pipeline. And here's what we're reading about the project and the region's history. Here's what happened on Wednesday . 
Update, 10:25 p.m. 
More than 12 hours after protesters started clashing with authorities Thursday, the disturbance is still going. No serious injuries have been reported. 
Numerous law-enforcement agencies are involved. In addition to the Morton County Sheriff's Department, other North Dakota city and county agencies have responded, as well as the highway patrol. Also, officers from Wisconsin, South Dakota, Wyoming, Minnesota, Nebraska and Indiana are in the area. 
The Bureau of Indian Affairs is here to assist tribal nations. 
The Associated Press captured this video footage of authorities making arrests earlier in the day. 
'” The Associated Press and Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 10:05 p.m. 
The Morton County Sheriff's Department now say 141 people have been arrested. 
The total number of arrests has grown throughout the day, since authorities began pushing protesters from private land owned by the pipeline developers. 
The department said protesters set fires to numerous vehicles, three pieces of Dakota Access Pipeline equipment and a bridge. The extent of total damage was unknown. Protesters also reportedly threw rocks, bottles, logs and homemade firebombs at officers. They also locked themselves to items. 
Some people were arrested on suspicion of reckless endangerment, the department said. Others were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to endanger by fire or explosion, engaging in a riot and maintaining a public nuisance, according to the department. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 8:20 p.m. 
Authorities' operation earlier Thursday to move protesters off private land, which the pipeline developer owns, included agencies from six states, as well as from the local area. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 6:50 p.m. 
Authorities say 117 people have been arrested as of 6:15 p.m. PST. 
Donnell Hushka, a spokeswoman for the Morton County Sheriff's Department, said Morton County will use other jails to house people. 
Those who were arrested on suspicion of misdemeanors can bond out, she said, but those facing felonies will be held for initial court appearances. 
Earlier, protesters started two fires on a bridge and threw Molotov cocktails at authorities, according to the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services. 
'” The Associated Press and Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 6:15 p.m. 
Near the clashing scene between protesters and authorities '” which resulted in more than a dozen arrests Thursday and one woman allegedly firing shots at officers '” residents nearby are giving their take on the demonstration. 
Ken Wressler, 66, a retired steelworker, says he was glad to move back into the house in which he was born here after working in the steel mill in nearby Mandan for more than 30 years. 
Earlier Thursday, standing on his porch to have his morning coffee, he said he doesn't much see the sense of blocking the $3.8 billion oil pipeline under construction through four states by Energy Transfer Partners of Dallas, Texas. It cuts a swath of freshly-turned ground just a mile from his house. 
The construction is protected by razor wire on a highway overpass, a reminder of the protests that have drawn international attention, about a half hour from Wressler's house near the Standing Rock Sioux reservation. 
'They ain't bothered us here in St. Anthony,' Wressler said. 'But I'm afraid something is going to happen for the worst. If they are not going to move and they are going to get moved,' he said of protesters now encamped in the path of construction. He said the sheriff 'should have taken a stronger stance from the beginning, but who knows?' 
North Dakota needs the pipeline, he said. As a former steel worker, he knows the value of the oil industry. 
'During the first boom, in 1989, we made tanks and more oil tanks and more tanks.' Today? 'What good is oil to North Dakota if we can't send it somewhere? What do we want to get it from the Arabs? We see how many problems that gave us.' 
It's been a good life, Wressler said, in this faded town, that used to have two schools, a lumber yard, grocery store and a post office. The bigger town of Mandan, up the road, sucked off the jobs and population. But he values the roots he feels deep in this ground. His father used to work in the shed next to his Wressler's house, as a blacksmith, fixing farmers' tools. 'He pounded and fixed everything, until they moved to throwaway scythes, throwaway everything.' 
Wressler's red plaid flannel shirt with white plastic pearl snaps was all he needed to be comfortable on this fall morning. 'Everybody wanted an early winter. The pipeline people wanted it, so the Indians would leave, the Indians wanted it so they couldn't put in the pipeline. Instead, we've got this.' 
He shook his visitors' hands goodbye with a meaty hand. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 5:20 p.m. 
A woman allegedly fired three shots at law enforcement officers during their operation to force protesters off private land, according to the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services. 
Cecily Fong, a spokeswoman for the department, said the woman was being placed under arrest when she pulled out a .38-caliber pistol and fired, narrowly missing a sheriff's deputy. Officers did not return fire, Fong said. 
It wasn't immediately clear exactly when the incident happened. 
Authorities took the woman in to custody. 
Popping noises that some in the crowd thought was gunfire can be heard in this Facebook Live video produced by Atsa E'sha Hoferer during the protests. It's unclear whether this video captures the shooting incident reported by police. Popping noises that some in the crowd thought was gunfire can be heard in this Facebook Live video produced by Atsa E'sha Hoferer during the Dakota Access pipeline protest. 
Update, 5 p.m. 
A spokesman for protesters said they will continue efforts to block the project, despite being forced from a camp Thursday afternoon. 
Cody Hall says protesters likely will set up a new camp to the east, on federally-owned land that's also in the path of construction. 
The main camp of the protesters is on land owned by the Army Corps of Engineers. That agency has taken no steps to evict protesters from that camp, citing free speech reasons. 
Thursday's eviction by authorities targeted protesters on private land owned by the pipeline developer. About 200 law enforcement officers launched the operation midday Thursday. On Wednesday, the demonstrators refused to leave voluntarily from the camp. 
Hall believes it won't be as easy to move the protesters off a new camp, if it's on federal land. 
'” The Associated Press 
Update, 4:25 p.m. 
Authorities say they have ousted the protesters from a camp they had set up on land owned by the pipeline developer. 
Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier says authorities will maintain a presence in the area to keep protesters off private land and prevent them from blocking a nearby highway. 
Late in the afternoon, Kirchmeier said the camp was secure, though officers were still dealing with some protesters in the surrounding area. 
North Dakota Gov. Jack Dalrymple said the effort was 'well-handled from start to finish' and resulted in no serious injuries. He said the protesters were given 'more than ample time' to move on their own, and that those who didn't leave voluntarily needed to be dealt with 'as we have.' 
'” The Associated Press 
Update, 4:05 p.m. 
Medics say they have treated a tribal member who was hit by an ATV, as well as tribal members who were hit by pepper spray. 
Also, medics said they have helped a tribal member who was hurt by a falling horse. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 3:50 p.m. 
An estimated 250 demonstrators are still at the north camp and about 80 more, with a dozen horses, are at county road 134. 
On that road, protesters have set an area on fire near a bridge, according to the Morton County Sheriff's Office. They also have burned tires on Highway 1806, the office said. 
In a prepared statement, Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney said, 'Law enforcement has been very methodical in moving ahead slowly so as not to escalate the situation.' 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 3:22 p.m. 
Sixteen protesters have been arrested, according to the Morton County Sheriff's Department. No further details on the arrests were immediately available. 
Law enforcement officials are using pepper spray, bean-bag shot guns, concussion grenades and mace to move the demonstrators out of a camp that sits on private land. They have also deployed Long Range Acoustic Devices (LRAD), which make piercing noises. 
The Dakota Access Pipeline purchased the private land to complete its nearly 1200 mile-long pipeline. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 2:59 p.m. 
Protesters have set tractors on fire. 
Ambulances from the Standing Rock tribe are standing by to help protesters hurt in the clashes with law enforcement. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 2:45 p.m. (Pacific Time): 
A herd of buffalo was seen surging over the prairie, bringing cheers from the demonstrators. They flowed over the ground like fast moving water, finally disappearing over the distant hills. 
Meanwhile, a man named Tubs, of northern Ohio, said he was maced four times and struck with a club. He headed to the medical tent. 
Police on all-terrain vehicles are chasing demonstrators on horseback, kicking up a cloud of dust. A helicopter also pursued. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 2:32 p.m.: 
Alfred Kills His Horse, 27, of the Lakota Nation, said he was standing on the front lines and was shot by a bean bag from a shotgun. 
'The water is everything to us. I don't understand why this chaos is coming to us. We all drink water,' he said. 'I don't want the violence. I don't want to get shot. We don't know any other way. We have been fighting the U.S. government for hundreds of years.' 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 2:09 p.m.: 
Protesters on horseback are galloping toward the front-line of the demonstration, wearing gas masks. 
'They started advancing on our lines,' said Dana Yellow Fat, Standing Rock Sioux tribal councilman. 'They opened up a big gash on a man.' 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 1:58 p.m.: 
Police are advancing with armored-personnel vehicle and ATVs. Campers are surrounded and outnumbered. Seven empty buses are en route while police move in. 
Some protesters have locked themselves onto a pickup truck. 
'You will be pepper sprayed if you do not get off of the pickup,' an officer said through a megaphone. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 1:42 p.m.: 
Police continue to work to clear the protesters' camp on land owned by the Dakota Access Pipeline developer. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 1:23 p.m.: 
Darryl Lies, from Douglas, North Dakota, said he came to the standoff 'because of the violation of private property rights. And the use of one right to trample another is an abuse of our God-given and our country-given rights.' 
Lies is president of the North Dakota Farm Bureau. 'They are using the First Amendment right to trample private property rights,' he said. 
Lies said the protests have harmed the relationship between farmers and ranchers and the tribe. 
'We just want this to go away,' he said. 
Trent Loos, 50, of Loup City, Nebraska, said the protesters crossed the line when they went onto private property. 
'The sheriff has executed his rights as he should. He has not caved to federal pressure,' he said. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 12:46 p.m.: 
Police continue to push demonstrators south down the highway toward the protesters' main camp about a half mile away. The front-line camp is owned by pipeline developers. Opponents began moving the camp there in the path of construction last weekend. 
The first arrest on Thursday was made there as police encircle the camp, moving closer and closer, foot by foot. 
'We need as much people as possible. They started spraying (pepper spray). They are pushing tents down,' said Devin Blackcloud, a Standing Rock tribal member. 'No one is budging. There are 150, 200 people willing to be arrested.' 
Some campers are running. Police pursued. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 12:30 p.m.: 
Police are moving protesters south on Highway 1806. Over the megaphone, police are saying: 'Please move to the south. I am going to sound the alert tone. You guys are too close to the vehicles. Please move. '¦ We do not want to arrest anyone. We are moving forward a few feet.' 
A line of demonstrators has formed, facing the oncoming riot gear-clad officers and their armored-personnel carrier. Police are also fanned out in the surrounding fields and many more are standing by a short distance away up the hill. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 11:57 a.m.: 
Back at the main camp, south of the confrontation with police, the mood is hushed, subdued. Black smoke is still rising from the highway barricade that was set on fire. The camp dogs have begun howling. 
Times photographer Alan Berner cut his head on barbed wire during the flurry of activity earlier. Medics assisted, and his wound was cleaned. He declined stitches or staples and is headed back to the front line of demonstrations near the property owned by the pipeline developers. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 11:30 a.m.: 
Field medics have arrived to the scene of the faceoff between protesters and riot gear-clad police. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 11:15 a.m.: 
A helicopter is circling low. Police in armored-personnel carriers and in riot gear are moving in and a showdown is coming. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 10:57 a.m.: 
Police officers in riot gear ordered protesters to leave their camp, erected on private property. The protesters then set aflame the barricade they had built on the highway. Thick black smoke billowed from the blockade. 
Children were being taken back to the main protester camp nearby, on U.S. Army Corps of Engineers property. Bulldozers are at the ready. 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 10:22 a.m.: 
The Morton County Sheriff's Office has warned protesters at their new camp erected on property owned by the pipeline developers to leave '” or be arrested. No one is leaving. Demonstrators are rushing to the front line of the protest. A helicopter is circling overhead. 
A police officer shouted over a megaphone, over and over, that protesters should take their personal belongings and leave: 'Walk to the main camp; 0pen the road block. We will not hurt you. You need to come out with your hands raised. Come onto the road. Do not go into the field. Do not approach us with horses. Do not approach us with vehicles.' 
Protesters are locking arms, praying and drumming and burning sage, waiting to be arrested. 
'Disperse now or you will be arrested under North Dakota laws,' police ordered, as protesters sing. 
Live videos from the scene show a line of officers approaching the protesters' highway blockade, which appeared to have been set on fire. Thick, black smoke billowed from the barricade. This is what cops are walking toward on 1806 #NoDAPL #DAPL pic.twitter.com/F0khkRPSeT 
'” wes enzinna (@wesenzinna) October 27, 2016 
'” Lynda Mapes, Seattle Times environment reporter 
Update, 9:46 a.m.: 
The Dakota Access Pipeline slicing through four states of the U. S. also creates small-town divisions, where some business owners near the protest camp have plenty to say on the subject. They declined to give their names publicly, though, for fear of sending away customers. 
In the tiny town of Solen, which is on the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation and about a half hour's drive from the protest camps, some business owners are walking a difficult line. 
For instance, a non-Indian garage owner is married to a Sioux woman who sides with the opponents '” while he finds the whole controversy a nuisance. 
'I think most of the people around here, Native and non-Native, would like to see it end. It's a big inconvenience. All the traffic, the cops. I am for the pipeline. North Dakota is an oil-producing state,' he said. 'And it's the safest way to transport it.' 
At home, the dividing line is clear. 'She is convinced the pipeline is going to break and people are going to die,' he said of his wife. 'She's got her view, and I've got mine.' 
Up the dirt road, off the main highway, is the Last Chance Saloon, decorated with branding irons, large, longhorn cattle horns and solid advice on a bumper sticker stuck on the wall: 'When in doubt, let your horse do the talking.' 
The barkeeper, age 89, was similarly opinionated with the couple '” yet circumspect. 
'I wish it would end; I'm sick of it,' she said, pouring fresh coffee for visitors into Styrofoam cups. 'And they keep coming, more and more.' 
A lifelong resident of this farming hamlet, she comes in to clean the bar every day for her son and mind the counter during the slow hours. 
'What else am I going to do, sit and look out the window? I like to stay busy.' 
As for the coffee, it was hot, fresh and free. She wouldn't take payment, no. Not from out-of-town visitors. 
'Don't make me argue,' she said. 
Other nearby residents fear the pipeline protests will turn violent, like Ken Ressler, of St. Anthony, N.D., who's worried someone will be hurt. Ken Ressler in St. Anthony, N.D., is worried the protests will become violent. (Alan Berner / The Seattle Times) 

Just outside St. Anthony, the Dakota Access Pipeline is in the ground '” and guarded by razor wire. The $3.8 billion pipeline is about 60 percent complete. The Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota is more than halfway finished. (Lynda Mapes / The Seattle Times) 

Update, 8:45 a.m.: 
While protests against the $3.8 billion oil-pipeline project draw people from around the country, the Standing Rock Sioux and developers of the Dakota Access Pipeline are also clashing in court. Here are the key legal issues . Dave Archambault II, chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, on Oct. 5 in Washington, D.C., where federal appeals-court judges heard his tribe's argument for an emergency halt to construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. The request was denied Oct. 9. (Jessica Gresko/ The Associated Press, file) 

Update, 6:40 a.m.: 
Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier and other law-enforcement officials confronted protesters at their new camp Wednesday, requesting that the demonstrators remove their roadblock on Highway 1806 and their camp on private property. 
The protesters refused. 
'Protesters' escalated unlawful behavior this weekend of trespassing onto private property and establishing an encampment has forced law enforcement to respond,' Kirchmeier said in a news release. 'I can't stress it enough, this is a public safety issue. We can not have protesters blocking county roads, blocking state highways, or trespassing on private property.' 
Roy Murphy, 22, of the Muckleshoot Indian Tribe, has been at the Standing Rock encampment since Aug. 22 and says he is staying 'until the pipeline is defeated.' His tent, shared with two others, is winterized. Roy Murphy, of the Muckleshoot tribe, on why he is protesting with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe against the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota. (Alan Berner / The Seattle Times) Roy Murphy, 22, of the Muckleshoot Indian Tribe, arrived at the Standing Rock encampment on Aug. 22. He says he is staying 'until the pipeline is defeated.' (Lynda Mapes / The Seattle Times) 

Update, 6:15 a.m.: 
For the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, the battle over the Dakota Access Pipeline recalls a bitter history the tribe does not want repeated. 
'We want to protect our land, and we want to protect our water,' said Dave Archambault II, tribal chairman. 'Our concerns and interests don't matter and this is how we have been treated for over 150 years.' 
Once roaming the Great Plains, living in teepees and hunting buffalo, the Sioux leaders such as Sitting Bull, Red Cloud and Crazy Horse are household names. Their bloodiest battles are too: Wounded Knee. Custer's Last Stand. 
The history of the Sioux people and the United States is one of broken promises and seizing land for white settlement, gold mining and development. Those lands were reserved for the Indians' sole use, in peace treaties that were supposed to be the highest law of the land. 
Read more about how the Standing Rock Sioux tribe has lost ancestral lands in broken treaties and in theft.
ARTICLE

CBC News 
A large map with the slogan 'Pray for the Redoubt' hangs behind the till at Warren Campbell's army surplus store located just outside Coeur d'Alene, Idaho. 
Campbell moved his family from California about a year and a half ago, in part, because he believes the U.S. economy is on the verge of collapse, but also to get more God and less government in his life and to live around like-minded people. 
'The American Redoubt is a stronghold, it's the last bastion for God, country, liberty, constitution, Second Amendment and home schooling,' he said. Warren Campbell inside his army surplus store Redoubt Surplus and Tactical near Coeur d'Alene, Idaho (Erin Collins/CBC) 
A redoubt is a little-used military term that refers to a temporary fortification. The American Redoubt is both a movement and an unofficial geographic zone that includes Idaho, Wyoming, Montana and the eastern parts of Washington and Oregon. 
The term was coined in 2011 by survivalist James Wesley Rawles, who identified the region as the best place to wait out a disaster in the U.S., be it natural, economic or political. 
Rawles sees the Redoubt as a place where mostly conservative, Christian Americans who are worried about the future should move and prepare for the worst. The goal is to create a safe haven where like-minded Americans, many of whom refer to themselves as 'preppers,' can live off the land, be more self-sufficient and wait out the calamities to come. 'The holy cause of liberty' 
Past the tactical gear and through a hallway at the back of Redoubt Surplus and Tactical , you'll find Pastor Warren Campbell's other venture, The Lordship Church . 
Adorned in military garb and sporting an Abe Lincoln-style beard, Campbell sets out folding metal chairs to get ready for his weekend service, where about three dozen people usually come to hear him preach. 
'We love to preach on liberty, the holy cause of liberty '” George Washington called liberty a sacred fire and our liberties are very, very dear to us, especially the liberties we have in Jesus Christ.' Pastor Warren Campbell inside his makeshift church connected to his army surplus store in northern Idaho. (Erin Collins/CBC) 
Campbell says he's met dozens of people who have recently moved to the area, mostly from California and Colorado, because they're frustrated with what they feel is government overreach, including rising taxes, stiffer gun regulations and the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare. 
He says he'll likely vote for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Nov. 8, primarily because he believes a Hillary Clinton administration would erode religious freedoms and the right to bear arms. 
And despite the polls, Campbell believes Trump will win. If he doesn't, he expects the Redoubt will get a lot more crowded. 
'I think we will see a great influx of people, more than we are seeing right now, multiplying by thousands, coming here for safety and refuge.' 
With all the mudslinging and scandal that has defined this U.S. presidential campaign, perhaps it shouldn't be surprising there's talk of political migration. 
Once again this election cycle, some Democrats, including several celebrities , have threatened to move to Canada should their candidate lose. 
Folks in the Redoubt suspect plenty of Trump supporters will consider a move of their own if their candidate loses, although not quite as far north. 'People want to feel safe' 
A short drive away, customers peruse the display cases at Ed Santos's busy Post Falls gun shop and shooting range. They're served by staff wearing side arms who show off everything from handguns to automatic weapons. 
'The American Redoubt is a stronghold, it's the last bastion for God, country, liberty, constitution, Second Amendment and home schooling.' '“ Warren Campbell, owner of Redoubt Surplus and Tactical 
Santos says many of the people coming through his shop these days are new arrivals looking for a fresh start and a quieter, more peaceful life. 
'Many of the things that attracted my wife and I to this area are the same things that are attracting people today '” people want to live in a place that feels like a community, people want to feel safe when they go out at night.' 
Santos, a former army officer, cop and minor pro hockey referee, says the facility is signing up new members every day, and 'many of them, the vast majority of them in fact, are from out of this area.' Ed Santos fires a pistol inside the gun range attached to his Port Falls Idaho gun shop. 
More than 300 kilometres east, that search for safety and community drew Chuck Leveque and his wife to a wooded property in the isolated foothills of Flathead County, Mont. 
The former Las Vegas vice cop says his biggest worry is that terrorists could knock out America's electrical grid. 
Leveque opens the creaky doors of a large shipping container in his yard to show how he's prepared for the threat. 
'This is our fuel storage container and we have a tank with 275 gallons of diesel and a tank with 275 gallons of non-ethanol regular gasoline.' 
The fuel will run Leveque's generator in the event of a prolonged power outage. He says he's stored enough food and water for him and his wife to survive for up to four years. 
But Leveque believes he will also need to protect what he's stored from those who are less prepared, so, like many people here in the Redoubt, he has stockpiled weapons and ammunition, too. Chuck Leveque opens up the sea lift container that holds two tanks of fuel to run his generator in case the power grid goes down. (Erin Collins/CBC) 
'The U.S., and Montana in particular, is a gun culture, and in the event of a large catastrophe, we would need the guns to defend ourselves against people who would want to take our property and our preparedness stores.' 
In the meantime, he worries the country's political and economic power is waning, saddled with too much debt and a political system that has ground to a halt. 
It's a problem he expects will get worse after the presidential campaign. 
'No matter which way the election turns out, there is going to be a lot of angst by either side.' Canning bullion and bullets 
Inside a nondescript industrial mall near Kalispell, Mont., DJ Lebaron puts the finishing touches on a can of dehydrated eggs inside his store, Big Sky Preppers . 
Lebaron, who is originally from southern Alberta, provides survival products and training, including how to can everything from gold bullion to bullets. 
'You want to pack them tight so that they don't sound like bullets if somebody shakes it,' he said. 
For Lebaron, life in the Redoubt is about hoping for the best and preparing for the worst. It's a mantra he adopted while working with FEMA, America's disaster management agency, during the earthquake that rocked the San Francisco Bay Area in 1989. 
'When bad things happen, people that you have called your friends for years are no longer your friends,' he said. 'When people are cold, tired and hungry, they forget all about friendships.' 
His biggest worry is that a natural disaster like an earthquake or flood will disrupt normal life in America. But he says the growing uncertainty about America's political and economic future is a close second. 
He says Trump presents conservatives in the Redoubt with a difficult choice this election. 
'People, if they are voting, are going to be voting for Trump, but people don't want Trump because nobody can control him and they are worried about what he will do, so I guess I will call that a man-made disaster.' 
He expects the divisions this presidential campaign has reinforced across the country will remain long after the election and will feed some Americans' desire to retreat to the Redoubt. 
'There is very much a division or a schism in the United States today, where people are literally, 'Which side of the fence are you on?''
ARTICLE

Global Research '“ by Al-Jazeera 
Ramallah, occupied West Bank '“ Enas Taha, a resident of the Palestinian village of Kafr al-Deek in the occupied West Bank, has become desperate. 
'Since the [water] crisis started in June, the municipality has been able to supply water for only one hour twice a week,' Taha told Al Jazeera. 'I am checking the weather forecast every day; they announced rain three weeks ago, but it has not come yet. The only thing I can do is to pray to God.' 
Many West Bank communities are facing similar problems, amid an acute water shortage that has lasted for months. In the Salfit, Jenin and Hebron governorates, some villages have gone as long as 40 days in a row without running water. 
In mid-July, residents in the Bethlehem area staged a sit-in for days to protest against the shortages, sparking clashes between Palestinian youths and Israeli forces. 
'It is a very stressful situation. I have to consider and prioritise every single drop of water I use,' Taha said. 'We have barely enough to drink, cook, shower and use the bathroom. Sometimes I don't do the laundry or clean the house for weeks. It is hot and dusty. This is exhausting.' Enas Taha shows her garden, which has turned brown due to the severe water shortages since June [Eloise Bollack/Al Jazeera] 
Some Palestinians have joked that the water bill collector comes to their homes more often than water. As demand rises, the cost of drinking water has skyrocketed, with some families spending up to 30 percent of their meagre incomes to purchase it. 
Israel implements a policy of water cuts each summer, but this year, it reached an unprecedented peak. In early June, Israeli water company Mekorot informed the Palestinian Water Authority (PWA) of summertime supply cuts totalling more than 50 percent '“ and the cuts, while not as dramatic, remain in effect today, more than a month after the official end of summer. 
'We are in regular contact with [Mekorot] to find a solution, but they constantly give us different excuses, such as the increase in demand, rising temperature, etc,' Deeb Abdelghafour, the PWA's director of the water resources department, told Al Jazeera. 
The notion that the region is suffering from water scarcity is a myth, he added: 
'We have been facing shortages for decades, and the reason is not natural, but man-made '“ meaning the Israeli occupation and Israeli control over water resources in the Palestinian territories.' 
Israeli officials have stated that water resources are shared equally in Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories. Israel's Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories, a unit in the Israeli army, noted that Israel provides 64 million cubic metres of water to the Palestinians annually, even though it is only obliged to provide 30 million under the Oslo accords. 
However, disparity is evident in the lush gardens, parks and swimming pools in illegal Israeli settlements. The key difference is that Palestinian villages in the West Bank are not connected to the national water grid, relying instead on local underground supplies. 
Palestinians living in remote areas have been hit the hardest by the ongoing water crisis, as access roads are often poor and the additional costs of delivery result in higher prices. 
'We need special 4Ã—4 trucks to drive on the unpaved roads, and it can take up to two hours to reach the communities,' said Hafez Hureini, a resident of at-Tuwani village and leader of the South Hebron Hills Popular Committee. Taha shows her empty beehives: 'Last year, we had bees so we could produce our own honey, but all the bees died due to lack of water; there are not enough flowers' [Eloise Bollack/Al Jazeera] 
Over the summer, Israeli media reported that illegal Jewish settlements in the West Bank were also suffering from daily disruptions to water supplies, prompting the Israeli government to establish a new drilling site, Ariel 1, which would provide 250 cubic metres of water per hour. 
Abdelrahman Tamimi, director of the Palestinian Hydrology Group for Water and Environmental Resources Development, said that this was not where water was needed the most. 
'The wells should be drilled where there is important demand, such as north and south of Jenin, south of Hebron, or northwest of the Jordan valley. Why in Ariel, I wonder, as a hydrologist? There is already a well there; they can simply improve its capacity '¦ [This measure] was definitely not designed to supply Palestinian communities,' Tamimi told Al Jazeera. 
In the meantime, Israel has accused Palestinians of tapping into pipes, with the Israeli Water Authority asserting that 5,000 cubic metres of water is stolen every day by Palestinians. 
'We are aware there is water theft '¦ However, we should ask ourselves why are the people stealing water? Simply because they are thirsty,' Abdelghafour said. 
At the same time, increased water demands owing to growing Israeli and Palestinian populations is stretching the limits of existing water infrastructure. Most of the water network was installed in 1967, when Israel occupied the West Bank. Today, the diameters of the pipes are inadequate, and the system is reaching the end of its life cycle. 
'Even to upgrade infrastructure in Area A and B is a headache,' Abdelghafour said. 'They [Israel] impose long and complicated procedures in order to issue permits to import the smallest pieces or equipment.' 
Data released by the Israeli Water Authority shows that a large expansion in agriculture in the settlements has led to an estimated rise of 20 to 40 percent in water consumption this year. 
'The [Palestinian Authority] has no solution for the water crisis. In my opinion, Israel has used this summer to put more pressure on us to purchase desalinated water, so they can allocate groundwater for the settlements and their future expansion,' Tamimi said. 
Since 2005, five desalination plants have been built in Israel, now producing approximately 50 percent of the country's water supply. 
'We don't want to substitute water from desalination plants for our historical rights to all shared water resources,' Abdelghafour said. 'Once we have our basic rights, based on equitable allocation of resources and international law, then we can think of other development options, such as desalination or treatment of waste water.' The original source of this article is Al Jazeera
ARTICLE

You can listen on our player . 
To listen on a smart phone, just click this link: http://listen.spacial.com/api/listen/?sid=9826&method=sc It will ask if you want to download or execute. Click 'Execute'. Then on the next screen, Complete action using, click 'Google Play Music'. 
Get together in our chat room: The Pub.
ARTICLE

Oregon Live 
Juror 4 vigorously defends the across-the-board acquittals of Ammon Bundy and his six co-defendants, calling the rulings a 'statement' about the prosecution's failure to prove the fundamental elements of a conspiracy charge. 
The full-time Marylhurst University business administration student was the juror who had sent a note to the judge on the fourth day of the initial jury's deliberations in the case, questioning the impartiality of a fellow juror, No. 11, who the judge bounced from the jury a day later. 
'It should be known that all 12 jurors felt that this verdict was a statement regarding the various failures of the prosecution to prove 'conspiracy' in the count itself '“ and not any form of affirmation of the defense's various beliefs, actions or aspirations,' Juror 4 wrote Friday in a lengthy email to The Oregonian/OregonLive. 
He expressed relief that he can now speak out freely, but he wasn't ready as of Friday morning to drop his anonymity. He said his studies have suffered since the trial started, and he's not ready for the attention revealing his identity would bring but felt it was important to defend the verdict. The judge withheld jurors' names during the jury selection process and trial, instead referring to each by number. 
The jury closely followed U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown's instructions on how to apply the law to the evidence and testimony heard during the five-week trial, he said. 
The jury returned unanimous verdicts of 'not guilty' to conspiracy charges against all seven defendants. Each was accused of conspiring to prevent employees of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and Bureau of Land Management from carrying out their official work through intimidation, threat or force during the 41-day occupation. 
Juror 4 noted the panel couldn't simply rely on the defendants''defining actions' to convict. 
'All 12 agreed that impeding existed, even if as an effect of the occupation,' he wrote. 
'But we were not asked to judge on bullets and hurt feelings, rather to decide if any agreement was made with an illegal object in mind,' the Marylhurst student wrote. 'It seemed this basic, high standard of proof was lost upon the prosecution throughout.' 
Prosecutors had argued that the case, at its core, was about the illegal taking of another's property. The heavily armed guards that manned the front gate and watchtower during the 41-day takeover, in and of itself, was 'intimidating,' and prevented officers from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and U.S. Bureau of Land Management from carrying out their work, they said. 
They argued that the alleged conspiracy began Nov. 5, when Ammon Bundy and ally Ryan Payne met with Harney County Sheriff Dave Ward and promised there would be extreme civil unrest in the community if he didn't step in and block Harney County ranchers Dwight Hammond Jr. and Steven Hammond. The Hammonds were slated to return to federal prison on Jan. 4 and serve out a mandatory minimum five-year sentence for arson on federal land. 
Defense lawyers urged jurors in closing arguments not to mix-up the 'effect' of the occupation '“ which undoubtedly kept federal employees from doing their jobs '“ from the 'intent' of the occupiers. 
Five of the seven defendants, including Ammon Bundy, testified. Many said that they were there to protest in support of the Hammonds and federal government overreach because they received absolutely no response from state or local government officials to their previous efforts to spur change. 
The defense lawyers' arguments, coupled with the jury instructions on how to apply the law to the evidence, resonated with jurors, Juror 4 noted. 
'Inference, while possibly compelling, proved to be insulting or inadequate to 12 diversely situated people as a means to convict,' the juror wrote. 'The air of triumphalism that the prosecution brought was not lost on any of us, nor was it warranted given their burden of proof.' 
Juror 4 plainly stated that fellow Juror 11, during the initial round of deliberations, 'had zero business being on this jury in the first place.' 
Juror 11 had worked for the U.S. Bureau of Land Management as a ranch tech and firefighter 'more than 20 years ago,' he had said during jury selection. Asked by the judge during voir dire if that experience would impede his ability to be a fair and impartial judge of the facts, he said, 'Not really.' 
Juror 4 explained why he didn't alert the court immediately after he had heard Juror 11, on day one of deliberations reportedly say, 'I am very biased.' 
It wasn't until the fourth day into deliberations that Juror 4 sent a note to the court, asking if a juror who had worked previously for the federal land management agency and outright told the panel he was 'very biased' could be an impartial judge. The court, flummoxed by the development, a day later dismissed Juror 11 for 'good cause,' after the prosecution and defense teams agreed to the dismissal. At the time, parties to the case weren't sure which way Juror 11's alleged bias fell. 
Juror 4 said he 'resisted the impulse' to send the question sooner in an effort to give his fellow juror a chance to explain himself. 
In his email to The Oregonian/OregonLive, Juror 4, for the first time, also contended that Juror 11 'violated' the judge's explicit orders 'by hearkening to 'evidence' that was never admitted in this case, refused to consider the defendant's state of mind and used imaginative theories to explain key actions.'' 
Juror 4 said, though, he wishes that he 'had sent the letter on day one, since it would have alleviated much stress for all of us.' 
The Maryville business student said he is 'baffled' by what he described as observers''flippant sentiments' in the wake of the jury's acquittals. 
'Don't they know that 'not guilty' does not mean innocent?' he wrote. 'It was not lost on us that our verdict(s) might inspire future actions that are regrettable, but that sort of thinking was not permitted when considering the charges before us.' 
The jury, he said, met with Judge Brown after the verdicts were announced and after the U.S. Marshals' physical confrontation and arrest of Bundy lawyer Marcus Mumford. 
He said many of the jurors questioned the judge about why the federal government chose the 'conspiracy charge.' He said he learned that a potential alternate charge, such as criminal trespass, wouldn't have brought as significant a penalty. 
The charge of conspiring to impede federal employees from carrying out their official work through intimidation, threat or force brings a maximum sentence of six years in prison. 
'We all queried about alternative charges that could stick and were amazed that this 'conspiracy' charge seemed the best possible option,' Juror 4 said. 
'” Maxine Bernstein
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 4 + 13 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

The Daily Sheeple '“ by Ryan Banister 
An award-winning California state trooper was caught on camera fleeing the scene after crashing his patrol car into a parked vehicle and a utility pole, snapping it in half, on Thursday afternoon at 2:30 p.m. 
When other officers approached and asked him to explain what happened, officer Daniel Kenney refused to get out of the vehicle. With at least three officers surrounding the front end of the car, Kenney reverses and then speeds away past a cameraman across the street. 
Kenney, a state park K-9 officer, is now on paid administrative leave. 
Nearly 1,000 homes and business in the area were left without power. 
Officers placed Kenney in handcuffs when he eventually decided to pull over. He was taken to a hospital where it was determined that he was not intoxicated. 
A man inside the parked vehicle which Kenney struck suffered minor injuries and was taken to the hospital, according to Action News Now.
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 6 + 5 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Fox News 
The FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private server while secretary of state after discovering new emails, in a stunning turn of events just days before the presidential election. 
FBI Director James Comey wrote in a letter to top members of Congress Friday that the bureau has 'learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.' 
CLICK HERE TO READ THE LETTER 
Comey did not detail those emails, saying only that they surfaced 'in connection with an unrelated case.' 
He told lawmakers the investigative team briefed him on the information a day earlier, 'and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.' 
He said the FBI could not yet assess whether the new material is significant and he could not predict how long it will take to complete 'this additional work.' 
A senior law enforcement official separately told Fox News the FBI decision is not linked to WikiLeaks messages or any hack, and the newly discovered emails did not come from the Clinton server '“ but from another device from another government official. 
The move comes after Comey and the Justice Department decided in July not to pursue charges over Clinton's email practices, saying at the time that the investigation was finished. 
Comey has since come under criticism from Donald Trump, lawmakers and others who claim the investigation downplayed the mishandling of classified information during Clinton's tenure. 
Trump, speaking to cheering supporters Friday afternoon in Manchester, N.H., praised the FBI for having the 'courage' to 'right the horrible mistake that they made' '“ saying he hopes that is 'corrected.' 
'Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale we have never seen before,' Trump said. 'We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.' 
In a nod to the significance of the FBI's announcement, Trump quipped: 'The rest of my speech is going to be so boring.' 
Other GOP lawmakers also weighed in, urging the bureau to pursue a thorough new probe. 
'The FBI's decision to reopen its investigation into Secretary Clinton reinforces what the House Judiciary Committee has been saying for months: the more we learn about Secretary Clinton's use of a private email server, the clearer it becomes that she and her associates committed wrongdoing and jeopardized national security,' House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., said in a statement. 
Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said the discovery must be 'serious' for the bureau to investigate this close to the election. 
Clinton did not respond to questions from reporters about the development as she landed in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and did not address the matter while speaking to supporters in the same city. 
The development comes 11 days before the general election, and is the latest shockwave to hit the race. Clinton had been gaining in the polls over Trump in the wake of the release of footage showing Trump talking about groping women and subsequent allegations of sexual assault and harassment against him. 
However, daily revelations from hacked Clinton campaign emails obtained by WikiLeaks have become a headache for the Democrat's campaign. The resumption of the FBI probe poses a potentially bigger problem. 
Ron Hosko, former assistant director of the FBI, told Fox News in a telephone interview that retired FBI officials were 'livid' at Comey over the fact that charges were not brought against Clinton in round one of the investigation. 
'He lit her on fire and then walked away,' Hosko said of Comey holding a news conference laying out Clinton's mishandling of classified information but then not pressing criminal charges. 
Hosko said he still defends Comey for not pressing charges because the FBI always has to make a decision 'based on what they have' at the time. Hosko said he thinks agents were probing a separate matter and found emails that made them say, 'Oh my God look at what we have.' 
House Speaker Paul Ryan called the FBI decision 'long overdue.' BREAKING NEWS â†’ The FBI is reopening its investigation into Secretary Hillary Clinton. 
My full statement â‡© pic.twitter.com/LHfyg46dWk 
'” Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) October 28, 2016 
But former Obama administration spokesman Tommy Vietor chided the bureau on Twitter. How many emails did the FBI find? Get your butt in gear, read them, assess them, form a conclusion. Letting this hang is so irresponsible.
ARTICLE

New York Post '“ by Michael Gartland 
The de Blasio administration is trying to limit the number of food trucks in the city by claiming that each hot-dog and kabob cart causes more pollution than a truck ride to Los Angeles. 
Deputy Health Commissioner Corinne Schiff made the claim at a City Council hearing Wednesday, in an apparent effort to sink a bill that would nearly double the number of food-vendor permits in the city by 2023. 
'Meat grilling is a significant source of air pollution in the city,' Schiff said. 'One additional vendor grilling meat emits an amount of particle pollution in one day equivalent to what a diesel truck emits driving 3,500 miles.' 
The new bill would boost the number of permits to 8,000 by 2023 and also create an enforcement team to sniff out violations. 
Since 1983, the number of street-food vending permits has remained steady at 4,235. But there are likely more carts than that on the streets, as some vendors simply open shop without a license and work until they are caught. 
Schiff argued any increase in the number of food carts needs to come with regulations stipulating that the carts operate in a more environmentally friendly manner. 
City Councilman Mark Levine (D-Manhattan), who is sponsoring the bill to increase the permits, wondered if this was already the case. 'We have laws in the city about air quality that currently stipulate that any food establishment has got to have a hood over a grill,' Levine said. 'Is that not currently the law?' 
Schiff, however, said there are no such laws regulating the carts as she suggested the proposals be delayed to ensure better pollution safeguards. 
'We really see this as an opportunity to work with the council to think through how we might use this modernization act to improve air quality,' she said. 'The current laws don't actually control the emissions that we're concerned about.' 
Business-improvement districts and residents throughout the city also pushed for delays on increasing vendor permits, saying there are too many already in some neighborhoods, but welcomed increased enforcement. 
'The enforcement idea is a great idea,' said Ellen Baer, co-chair of the NYC BID Association. 'Let's see if this works, let's see how it works, let's see if it's sufficiently funded, let's see how many resources they need '” before we start adding to the chaos.' 
But street vendors argued they've waited too long for reforms that would allow them to transition from operating illegally to legally. 
Sean Basinski, director of the Street Vendor Project, described the bills as 'far from our dream,' but said he supports most of what they call for. 
'It is a reasonable compromise,' he said. 'Vendors have been waiting 35 years for this change . . . We certainly welcome a study being done, but we don't think that should delay the progress that needs to be made. The time for reform is now.' 
Before the hearing, some vendors rallied outside, demanding that city officials and police stop harassing them and treating them like criminals. 
The bill will remain before the committee while members discuss possible changes.
ARTICLE

SHTF Plan '“ by Mac Slavo 
This election remains more heated than any other in modern history '“ and for many, it has become a call to arms, even if only metaphorically. 
Despite the fact that DNC operatives have been exposed as the ones inciting violence at rallies '“ Robert Creamer and Scott Foval for example '“ and working overtime to bus in illegal voters and rig the vote '“ the media is going out of its way to paint Trump supporters and grassroots Americans as the ones plotting violence. 
Most recently, they are latching onto comments made by former congressman Joe Walsh, now a conservative radio host, who suggested he would 'pick up a musket' if Trump loses the election. On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. 
On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. 
You in? 
'” Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
Did Walsh mean to imply violence? That is certainly how the media is portraying it, as his comments spark controversy and fuel fire to the debate over the nearing election. 
The irony that his commentary drew from the imagery of founding-era patriots who stood up to tyranny was deeply lost on the left, who see opponents to Hillary in black and white terms '“ racist, xenophobic, utterly deplorable and inherently violent. 
CNN followed up, asking Walsh what he meant by statement. 
via CNN : 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. ['¦] 
Walsh '¦ did respond to CNN's Jake Tapper via Twitter when he asked: 'What exactly does that mean?' 
'It means protesting. Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back,' he responded to Tapper. @jaketapper It means protesting. Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back. 
'” Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
After a firestorm on social media, Walsh doubled down, stating on Twitter: I'm serious. I don't think a musket would do much good these days, but it's time for civil disobedience on the right. https://t.co/ThJPEbALWZ 
'” Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
His heated rhetoric is a response to the endless episodes of fraud, dirty trick and foul play by the Hillary campaign, as it seems that she will stop at nothing to become the first female POTUS '“ just the sort of abuse of power that the founders warned about. 
1775-76 erupted in response to a long train of abuses '“ acts of oppression and hostility listed in the Declaration of Independence that is being largely repeated in modern day America. 
Could Hillary's reported election victory '“ or Donald Trump's defeat '“ signal civil unrest and a new wave of resistance, particularly if the results are widely viewed as fraudulent or 'rigged'? Trump, for one, has certainly been talking up the possibility of a stolen election. 
The scenario is plausible enough that the Pentagon and Homeland Security have been carrying out secret drills in the lead up to the election to prepare for the possibility of a martial law response to violence or civil unrest. 
As SHTF detailed in an exclusive report, a whistleblower has come forward on the ominous contingency plan to keep and/or restore order if the populace revolt against the establishment's 'selection' for president: 
If there is any truth to it, the 2016 election could be a kick-off for total tyranny. 
According to an unnamed source '“ who has provided accurate intel in the past '“ an unannounced military drill is scheduled to take place during a period leading up to the election and throughout the month after. 
Date: October 30th '“ 30 days after the election Suspected Region: Northeast, specifically New York 
1st Phase: NROL (No Rule of Law) '“ drill involving combat arms in metro areas (active and reserve). Source says active duty and reserve service members are being vaccinated as if they are being deployed in theatre. 
2nd Phase: LROL (Limited Rule of Law) '“ Military/FEMA consolidating resources, controlling water supply, handing out to public as needed. 
3rd Phase: AROL (Authoritarian Rule of Law) '“ Possible new acronym or term for 'Martial Law'. Curfew, restricted movements, basically martial law scenario. 
Source said exercise involves FEMA/DHS/Military 
At this point, no one can say for certain what will happen in the aftermath of November 8, but it is clear that millions and millions of Americans are dissatisfied with the status quo, troubled about the economic realities perpetuated by the Fed and angry that Hillary may be put in the Oval Office rather than a jail cell, despite a trail of corruption with virtually no end. 
How far will things go? 
And will things ever be reset without a new American Revolution?
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 3 + 12 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Off the Grid News '“ by Daniel Jennings 
A public school official in Florida has urged citizens to fight truancy by reporting any children they suspect might not be in school or being educated '” including homeschool families. 
It is all part of an 'anti-truancy' initiative called Operation Round Up, in which residents of Jackson County, Florida, are urged to be on the lookout for children not in school and to report them to school officials or to police. 
A truancy report can lead to a home check by sheriff's deputies or police and possibly the arrest of the parents, TV station WJHG reported. 
The policy of the Jackson County School District is to send law enforcement to the homes of suspected truants. 
'Sometimes if these citizens don't call me, I have no way of knowing,' Shirl Williams, director of student services for the school system, told the TV station. 'So if it's a nosy neighbor, be a nosy neighbor. Just call me and let me check out the situation.' 
Williams acknowledged that homeschool children can be mistaken for truants but urged citizens to report them so school authorities can investigate. 
'Sometimes the community will see them around town and they think, 'Hey, they're not being educated.' Sometimes the community is right,' Williams said. 
Home School Legal Defense Association attorney TJ Schmidt wrote Williams and the Jackson County superintendent, saying that while truancy is a problem, homeschoolers should not be targeted. 
'Your statements suggest that everyone should report children they think aren't being educated,' the letter read. 'In our opinion, this is a threatening practice, and will instill a spirit of suspicion and hostility against homeschoolers in the community.' 
Schmidt wrote to Williams after a parent saw her on TV and complained to HSDLA. 
Â© Copyright Off The Grid News
ARTICLE

PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) '” The last person to surrender in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge takeover was released from prison hours after being acquitted on federal conspiracy charges Thursday afternoon . 
David Fry was found not guilty of conspiring to impede workers from doing their jobs at the refuge through threats, intimidation or force. He was also acquitted of a firearms charge. 
The Ohio resident spoke to KOIN 6 News before stepping onto the streets of downtown Portland for the first time in 9 months. 
Fry said he was excited to reunite with family and friends to celebrate the victory, adding that his plight to end corruption is far from over.'It's a wonderful feeling'¦ to be acquitted by the highest authority in this country,' Fry said. 'I definitely feel this was divine intervention playing in this.' 
'We've all got to work together and start making some changes because our governments worldwide aren't for the people,' he said. 'They've become the opposite.' 
He said guards at Multnomah County Jail treated him as if he were guilty, and that inmates are not often dealt with fairly or under the presumption of innocence. 
'I guess this is the greatest example of why you don't treat people as guilty because they can be acquitted,' Fry said. 
Fry was one of the last 4 holdouts at the refuge and helped broadcast the final days of the standoff through YouTube livestreams. He allegedly threatened to commit suicide while on the phone with FBI crisis negotiators before he surrendered. 
Defense attorneys called his father, William Fry, to the witness stand to discuss his motives for joining the occupation. William said his son was 'frustrated with corruption' and wanted to support Dwight and Steve Hammond, who he believed were falsely characterized as terrorists. 
Fry wanted to bring his computer equipment to Malheur, his father said, to broadcast what was going on and help people around the world understand the issue at hand.
ARTICLE

Oregon Live '“ by Maxine Bernstein 
A federal jury on Thursday found Ammon Bundy, his brother Ryan Bundy and five co-defendants not guilty of conspiring to prevent federal employees from doing their jobs through intimidation, threat or force during the 41-day occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. 
The Bundy brothers and occupiers Jeff Banta and David Fry also were found not guilty of having guns in a federal facility. Kenneth Medenbach was found not guilty of stealing government property, and a hung jury was declared on Ryan Bundy's charge of theft of FBI surveillance cameras. 
'More than we could have hoped for,' said one of Ammon Bundy's lawyers, J. Morgan Philpot. 
'Stunning,' said defense lawyer Lisa Ludwig, who was standby counsel for Ryan Bundy. 
'I'm just thrilled,' said Neil Wampler's attorney Lisa Maxfield. 
The jury of nine women and three men returned the verdicts after five hours of deliberations on Thursday in the high-profile case that riveted the state and drew national and international attention to the federal bird sanctuary in rural eastern Oregon. 
Each defendant stood separately, facing the jury, as the judge read the verdicts. Ammon Bundy, his hands clasped behind his back, nodded as the 'not guilty' verdicts were read for him first. As he sat, he smiled and rubbed the shoulder of his lawyer, Marcus Mumford. 
His older brother Ryan Bundy stood. As his 'not guilty' verdicts were read, he nodded, and mouthed to the jury, 'Thank you.' Defendant Neil Wampler hugged and kissed his defense lawyer, Maxfield. 
The coda to the stunning verdict, undoubtedly a significant blow to federal prosecutors, was when Ammon Bundy's lawyer Marcus Mumford argued that his client, dressed in a gray suit and white dress shirt, should be allowed to walk out of the court, a free man. 
U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown told him that there was a U.S. Marshal's hold on him from a pending federal indictment in Nevada. 
Oregon Standoff defendant Jeff Banta is relieved by acquittals 
'If there's a detainer, show me,' Mumford stood, arguing before the judge. 
Suddenly, a group of about six U.S. Marshals surrounded Mumford at his defense table. The judge directed them to move back but moments later, the marshals grabbed on to him. 
'What are you doing?' Mumford yelled, as he struggled and was taken down to the floor. 
As deputy marshals yelled, 'Stop resisting,' the judge demanded, 'Everybody out of the courtroom now!' 
Mumford was taken into custody, a member of his legal team confirmed. 
Ammon Bundy's lawyer J. Morgan Philpot, said afterwards on the courthouse steps that Mumford had been arrested and marshals had used a stun gun, or Taser, on his back. Another member of Ammon Bundy's legal team Rick Koerber, echoed Philpot, saying he heard Mumford questioning in court why they were using a Taser against him. 
Philpot decried the marshals' treatment of Mumford in the courtroom. 'What happened at the end is symbolic of the improper use of force by the federal government,' he said. 
By 6:30 p.m., Mumford was released from custody. He confirmed that he was struck with a stun gun once while he was on the floor of the courtroom. 
'I grew up on a dairy farm, so am I used to some rough treatment, sure?' he said. But he said the actions of the U.S. marshals were uncalled for. 
'All I was asking for was papers. Just show me you have the authority to take Mr. Bundy into custody.' 
As to the verdict, 'Very pleased, very gratified. This jury was dedicated. They listened to our case.' 
Just after the verdicts were announced, people emerged onto the front steps of the courthouse to tell a crowd of media and onlookers. 
Supporters of the defendants gathered in a joyous hug. One of them, Brand Thornton of Las Vegas, one of the original occupiers who accompanied Ryan Bundy and others onto the refuge on Jan. 2 and was called as witness by the defense, said that he has been at the trial since Oct. 2. 
The verdict 'means everything,' Thornton said. It's huge for ranchers and land rights within Harney County and across the West, he said. 
'We did something peaceful and wanted to stay peaceful,' said Thornton, who has kept vigil outside the courthouse, blowing a shofar. 
'This is for the people of Oregon,' Thornton said. 'This was never for us.' 
Wampler appeared on the courthouse steps and described the verdict as a 'stunning victory for rural America.' 
David Fry's lawyer Per C. Olson said, 'It was the right result.' 
'I think the jury saw through this that they were well-meaning, well-intentioned individuals,' Olson said. The jury saw that the defendants cared about the Hammonds and didn't like how the federal government was treating them. 
Maxfield, who represented Wampler, came out of the courthouse, holding up her fists. She said she has never seen 'anything like this happen,' where multiple defendants in a federal court trial were all acquitted, and called it one of the most significant cases in her career. 
Defendant Shawna Cox said she had a 'peaceful feeling,' as she waited for the verdicts, 'but I didn't expect we'd all be found not guilty.' 
'I wept,' Cox said. 'It brings me to tears. I'm so grateful to the jury.' 
Defense lawyer Matthew Schindler, standby counsel to defendant Kenneth Medenbach who was excused from court because of medical ailments, said he called his client right away. 
'He's been fighting for more than 20 years to be in a situation where a jury acquitted him,' Schindler said. 'It's vindication.' 
Schindler said he believes the jury's verdicts resulted from the difficulty the government had in proving that the 'intent' of the defendants was to conspire against the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and U.S. Bureau of Land Management. 
'The judge gave us broad ability to bring in a defendant's state of mind and what you saw was a number of defendants who each had their own motivations,' Schindler said. 
When prosecuting a drug conspiracy, it's easy to point to what the defendants' underlying objective is. But in this case, Schindler said, there was 'no obvious underlying self interest.' He said the defense also was bolstered because the jurors came from different regions from the state, and not just from Portland. 
Oregon U.S. Attorney Billy Williams sat in the back of the courtroom with Oregon's FBI Special Agent in Charge Gregg Bretzing as the verdicts were read. Williams left the courtroom early, before the scrum with Mumford, to attend a gathering of the League of Minority Voters in Salem Thursday night. 
Harney County Sheriff Dave Ward, who was the face of law enforcement during the 41-day refuge takeover, said in a statement, 'While I am disappointed in the outcome, I believe our form of government and justice system to be the best in the world. These folks were tried in a court of law and found not guilty by a jury of their peers. This is our system, and I stand by it.' 
The five-week trial offered a rare display: Three of the seven defendants chose to represent themselves. Five of them were among the more than 80 people who took the witness stand to testify. 
And one of the original 12 jurors was dismissed after a fellow juror raised concerns about his impartiality four days into an initial round of deliberations '“ what the judge called an 'extraordinary circumstance.' An alternate juror was summoned to begin a new round of deliberations with the remaining 11 jurors Thursday morning. 
There was heightened security in and around the courthouse throughout the trial, with security officers ordered to wear bulletproof vests, and metal detectors set up outside the main trial courtroom and an overflow room with a live video feed of the proceedings. 
Often, supporters knelt in prayer in the courthouse corridor before the trial began in the mornings, and some kept vigil across the street, with one fellow occupier blowing a ram's horn, or shofar, as the jury deliberated. 
PENDING PROSECUTIONS 
The seven on trial were among 26 people indicted on the conspiracy charge. 
Eleven of them pleaded guilty to the conspiracy charge. 
Seven others are set for trial on Feb. 14, but their cases may be affected by the verdicts. If convictions are handed down in this case, then defendants scheduled for trial in February might consider potential pleas. If there are acquittals, prosecutors may rethink going to trial on same charges against co-defendants next year. 
On the eve of jury selection in this case, prosecutors agreed to dismiss the conspiracy charge against Pete Santilli, an independent broadcaster and self-described 'shock jock,' who provided live stream footage of the occupation. 
NEVADA CASE 
Ammon Bundy and Ryan Bundy also face prosecution in Nevada in the 2014 standoff with federal agents over the impounding of their father's cattle near Bunkerville, Nevada. 
The trial there is set to start Feb. 6. The two brothers and father Cliven Bundy are among 19 indicted in Nevada. Others from the Oregon refuge occupation also indicted on federal charges in Nevada are Pete Santilli, Ryan Payne, Brian Cavalier, Blaine Cooper and Joseph O'Shaughnessy. 
Payne pleaded guilty to the federal conspiracy charge in Oregon under a potential global agreement that was in the works with Nevada prosecutors, but he recently asked to withdraw the Oregon plea because no deal was reached in Nevada. Prosecutors in Portland have until Oct. 31 to respond. 
Cooper entered guilty pleas in both cases. O'Shaughnessy pleaded guilty in the Oregon case, with a deal pending in Nevada. Cavalier pleaded guilty in the Oregon case. 
'” Maxine Bernstein
ARTICLE

October 28, 2016 at 10:00 am 
OMG, a Confederate Flag at school! Minds have been warped forever! 'We can't have that, the truth being spewed out in public like that, people might think they actually have rights!' 
'What will you do without freedom' (William Wallace) I don't know about how others feel, but, in my mind, we're quite far from true freedom. You need to dispose rubbish? Better have your permit. Need to take a shit, better get your permit. Birth and Death certificates log you in and out and you're property. 
The dehumanizing of the species is well underway. Your number is 8675309.21 Like rats in a cage, we eat, shit, and breathe. Our cage is our own minds, manipulated beyond measure by unscrupulous bastards with a greed that can never be quenched. It's unfortunate that there are those that exist with a superiority complex and think their shit don't stink. That superiority complex leads to wars. We're the most advanced, civilized monkeys on the planet, but you steal my bananas, we're goin' to war. 
A Confederate Flag? They get their undies in a bundy over a Confederate Flag? 
Yep, we must lie to our children and not tell them our true history. We must protect them from the psychological trauma of the truth! 'Yes Jimmy, everything's lollypops and rainbows!''Here, take some more Ritalin and STFU!' 
Pharmacy regulars, it seems most parents on some damned drug too. 'Well, I gotta get the kids pills, I may as well get some for me, as long as I'm there.' Hey Dr. Feelgood, what's up? 
'Mother's Little Helpers' told the story decades ago. Now, snoop in anyones 'Medicine Chest' and you'll discover an array of concoctions, herbals, stimulants, downers, mood enhancers, sleeping pills, wake up pills, stay awake pills, two in the morning, two at noon, two at bedtime, repeat every day until your dead. 
You want to live forever? I don't. I suspect bigger and better things await my arrival, at least, I hope so.
ARTICLE

One Twitter user once asked me, 'Is it too much to hope that *one* of our parties would pick someone with no links to a pedophile sex-slave island?' 
Apparently, it is too much to ask for. 
Both presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and former President Bill Clinton have ties to convicted pedophile and Democratic donor, billionaire Jeffery Epstein and 'Sex Slave Island.' 
Note: President Bill Clinton is not merely the husband of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, either. Bill is currently campaigning for his wife, plus Hillary recently unveiled that Bill with be in charge of ' revitalizing the economy ' if she were to take office. 
It has been uncovered that Clinton, known for his trouble-making libido, has even stronger ties to Epstein than previously reported. As noted by The Free Beacon , 'Clinton was aboard the infamous Lolita Express owned by a billionaire pedophile at least 26 times,' not the initially reported 11 times. 
Fox News reports : 
Clinton's presence aboard Jeffrey Epstein's Boeing 727 on 11 occasions has been reported, but flight logs show the number is more than double that, and trips between 2001 and 2003 included extended junkets around the world with Epstein and fellow passengers identified on manifests by their initials or first names, including 'Tatiana.' The tricked-out jet earned its Nabakov-inspired nickname because it was reportedly outfitted with a bed where passengers had group sex with young girls'¦Official flight logs filed with the Federal Aviation Administration show Clinton traveled on some of the trips with as many as 10 U.S. Secret Service agents. However, on a five-leg Asia trip between May 22 and May 25, 2002, not a single Secret Service agent is listed. 
The Republican presumptive nominee apparently got in on the action, too. Trump's ties to Epstein '” a man Trump once called a 'terrific guy' '” and Sex Slave Island have been chronicled by The Daily Wire here . 
Per The Political Insider, Trump is accused of threatening and raping a 13-year-old girl on the private island . Epstein is also named in the suit for sexual misconduct. The lawsuit accusations have been vehemently denied by the Trump camp, alleging that the filing is a 'hoax' and that there is 'no evidence' that the plaintiff in question 'actually exists.' 
Sex Slave Island, sometimes referred to as 'Orgy Island,' (both lovely names), is one deranged place, allegedly rife with solicited sex, often from minors ' groomed ' by Epstein. 
'Terrific guy' Epstein, of course, was convicted for soliciting sex from a minor in 2008; the billionaire served 13 months in prison. 
Election 2016: Where both candidates have ties to a convicted pedophile, the Lolita Express and Sex Slave Island.
ARTICLE

Indian Country '“ by Theresa Braine 
More details are emerging about yesterday's police action on Highway 1806 about three miles from the Cannonball River. Commencing shortly before noon, a large contingent of heavily armed officers worked to clear a route for Dakota Access oil pipeline (DAPL) trenches in a relentless push that resulted in numerous instances of violent confrontations, culminating in the seizure of the newly established Treaty Camp and removal of a number of tents, tipis and sweat lodges. 
The Morton County Sheriff's Department said that 141 people had been arrested and that at least one bullet had been fired from the frontlines. 
'Officers met violence and resistance including a protester who fired a gun at officers in the police line, protesters who threw molotov cocktails at them and set vehicles and debris on fire,' the sheriff's office said in a post on Facebook . 
An AP news story cites state spokesperson Cecily Wong describing a woman who drew a .38 caliber pistol and firing three times at officers, an account disputed by activists and not recorded on any of the on-the-scene video or live feeds currently circulating. 
However, tribal law enforcement apprehended a heavily-armed man crouched in a creek with apparent connections to a private security firm hired by DAPL's builders. The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe posted a description of the incident on its Facebook page . A man was apprehended carrying an assault rifle, with papers indicating he was employed by a private security firm, according to the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe. 
'As reported via video evidence from the front lines on 10-27-16. A man bearing an assault rifle broke thru a barricade and was speeding toward the Oceti Sakowin camp, he was run off the road 1/4 mile north from the Camp. The man exited the vehicle where he appeared to be disguised as a water protector. He than fired several shots from his assault rifle. Tribal Law Enforcement responded, the man was then apprehended. Insurance Documents from the vehicle reveal that it is owned by Dakota Access Pipeline. We commend the BIA Law Enforcement to their commitment of public safety and for their quick response and apprehension of the suspect, who was clearly meaning to do harm.' 
A statement by the Camp of the Sacred Stones, one of three prayer camps set up near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, catalogued exactly how the unarmed protectors were met by lots of firepower: 'Over 300 police officers in riot gear, 8 ATVs, 5 armored vehicles, 2 helicopters, and numerous military-grade humvees showed up north of the newly formed frontline camp just east of Highway 1806. The 1851 Treaty Camp was set up this past Sunday directly in the path of the pipeline, on land recently purchased by DAPL. Today this camp, a reclamation of unceded Lakota territory affirmed as part of the Standing Rock Reservation in the Ft. Laramie Treaty of 1851, was violently cleared. Both blockades established this past weekend to enable that occupation were also cleared.' 
At least one sniper atop a Humvee scanned the crowd of protectors. People and horses were shot at with beanbag guns, noise concussion devices were used, and fire-extinguisher-sized canisters of tear gas and mace were deployed. Police used pepper spray and mace liberally. (Photo: Savannah Joe/Facebook) 
Standing Rock Sioux Chairman David Archambault II blasted the use of force, the continued construction and the numerous violations of civil and human rights. 
'We have repeatedly seen a disproportionate response from law enforcement to water protectors' nonviolent exercise of their constitutional rights,' he said in a statement. 'Today we have witnessed people praying in peace, yet attacked with pepper spray, rubber bullets, sound and concussion cannons. We urge state and federal government agencies to give this tense situation their immediate and close attention.' 
He noted that DAPL parent company Energy Transfer Partners had completely ignored the request by the administration of President Barack Obama to voluntarily halt construction while the legal issues raised by the tribe were resolved. 
'By deploying law enforcement to support DAPL construction, the State of North Dakota is collaborating with Energy Transfer Partners and escalating tensions,' Archambault said. 'We need our state and federal governments to bring justice and peace to our lands, not the force of armored vehicles.' 
Archambault urged everyone who supports Standing Rock's efforts to divert or halt the pipeline to remain peaceful and prayerful and not resort to violence or lash out in anger. 
'Any act of violence hurts our cause and is not welcome here,' he said. 'We invite all supporters to join us in prayer that, ultimately, the right decision'”the moral decision'”is made to protect our people, our sacred places, our land and our resources. We won't step down from this fight. As peoples of this earth, we all need water. This is about our water, our rights, and our dignity as human beings.' 
Firsthand accounts bore stark witness to the events as they happened, via Facebook live feeds, social media posts and other dispatches from the front lines. 
Dallas Goldtooth, organizer of the Keep It in the Ground movement with the Indigenous Environmental Network, posted updates throughout the day. 
'President Obama had asked that work stop within 20 miles of river yet National Guard were used to clear the way for yesterday's police sweep & DAPL construction,' he wrote. 'DAPL security forces were part of the invasion. They had armed men with AR-15 and had malicious intent to sneak into the camp.' 
He said that men and women had been pulled out of a sweat lodge ceremony at gunpoint. 
'The similarities to Wounded Knee cannot be ignored. There was potential last night to turn a peaceful protest into a major tragedy,' he wrote. 
Goldtooth also contrasted such treatment of unarmed water protectors with the acquittal, on the same day, of the armed militia who took over Malheur Wildlife Refuge. 
'The racial undertones of yesterday's actions cannot be ignored,' Goldtooth wrote. 'Armed white men stand off against police in Oregon: Acquitted. Unarmed water protectors in North Dakota: Concussion grenades, rubber bullets and batons.' 
He said that North Dakota police's characterization of them as 'armed vigilantes' was patently false. Jesus Wagner was shot in the face with a rubber bullet. (Photo: Facebook) 
'The only weapons on site yesterday were in the hands of militarized police,' he wrote. 'Assault rifles, snipers, concussion grenades, batons, etc.' 
The harm was not limited to humans. Riders on horseback were also assaulted, and one horse was killed. 
'Horseback riders were attacked by police on ATVS resulting in one horse being hurt so severely that it had to be put down,' Goldtooth said. 'There were national guard humvees on site with snipers stationed on top.' 
Not even medical personnel were immune. 
'They sprayed me with my hands up and my back to them, with all my medic markings clearly showing. They sprayed me head to toe,' said one man in a Facebook post by the Standing Rock Medic & Healer Council. 'They pointed shotguns at me. They pointed shotguns at my back while I was treating patients.' 
Jon Eagle Sr., Tribal Historic Preservation Officer of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, spoke of the heartbreak. 
'My heart hurts,' he said on Facebook. 'Because of the actions of a few, many people were hurt today. People were shot with rubber bullets and beanbags. They used pepper spray, percussion grenades and sound cannons. Numerous arrests. I can't believe what I witnessed today and it's still going on. Prayers for the protectors tonight.' 
There were uplifting moments as well. As the conflict escalated, a woman yelled at everyone to 'look at the buffalo!' 
'We all turned to the east to see a herd of buffalo come charging,' Eagle said. 'Behind them were young warriors on horse back. Police in ATV's charged after them. There were shots fired. The young men rode through the line of ATV's and made their get away. A war cry went up from the crowd. I'm proud to say we are still the greatest light cavalry in the world!' 
Many activists and protectors used social media to describe feelings of nausea, light-headedness and sickness after returning to the camps near Standing Rock, and also this morning as a new, uncertain day dawned on the plains. 
Read more at http://indiancountrytodaymedianetwork.com/2016/10/28/conflicting-accounts-emerge-after-treaty-camp-police-action-166259
ARTICLE

How irrationally foolish I would be to place my faith in Hillary when madness of empire and world is sung a dying song of money, weapons and devious sex the boot pushed harder to our necks and all the while a tv tale tells of hope and dignity 
And Donald with his woman ways his corporate heart and billionaire days wants to tell me he knows the moves to make our very lives improve to end the dark of struggle and strife and give the people a better life he tells me this as his grand yacht drifts over everything gone amiss 
And in the mix, my blessed freedom washed up, abandoned, reaching for room my rights, waiting on the edge of oppression Is liberty coming any time soon? These are the jewels, the pearls of great price No candidate has yet delivered Still we seek the sweetened life Where songs of love are softly whispered 
galen
ARTICLE

RT 
North Dakota, which ranks second in the US in terms of oil production, endured almost 300 oil spills in under two years and yet managed to avoid reporting a single one of them to the public, according to a new report. 
Documents viewed by the Associated Press indicate that, since January 2012, as many as 750 ' oil field incidents ' were recorded in North Dakota. The distinction between spills and incidents was not immediately clear but presumably was related to the magnitude of the accident. 
North Dakota, which borders Canada and has an estimated population of under 700,000 people, is like many other states heavily involved in oil production in that it is not required by law to inform the public about oil spills. Yet with the potentially devastating consequences a spill could have in a state that relies on farming and water resources, citizens have begun lobbying for greater access to information. 
Dennis Fewless, director of water quality for the state Health Department, told the AP lawmakers and regulators in North Dakota are also reconsidering the current state of affairs after a wheat farmer stumbled across a major oil spill last month. That incident was not made public knowledge until 11 days later, when reporters asked. Questions have also been raised as to whether the relationship between the pipeline's operator, Tesoro Logistics, with regulators is too close for comfort. 
' We're certainly looking at that now and what would be a threshold for reporting to the public ,' he said. One option he said regulators are considering is a method to better track the spills that occur. Officials ' really have to dig through our database to get specifics ,' he said of the current situation. 
North Dakota pumps out millions of barrels of oil every day and installed nearly 2,500 miles of new transport pipelines in 2012. There is now enough pipeline, a total of about 17,500 miles, in North Dakota to travel the distance from Los Angeles, California to New York City. The state ranks behind only Texas as the most productive, yet farmers are still unaware that the land they till every season could be tainted. 
' What you don't know, nobody is going to tell you ,' Louis Kuster, a wheat farmer located near the north-western city of Stanley, said. Kuster explained how, earlier this month, he watched as truckloads of oily dirt were driven away from a nearby farm. 
' We have no idea how big the spill is and why it happened ,' he said, speculating it may have been from a broken pipeline although no one can be quite sure. ' I'd try to get more information from the state but I'm too busy getting my harvest in .' 
In 2013 alone there have already been 291 so-called 'incidents.' Of the roughly 2,209 barrels that were lost, all but 490 were contained and cleaned up at the well site. Most of the spills that companies reported to the state totaled less than 10 barrels. 
Nearly 500 barrels of oil spilled in 2012, the result of 153 pipeline leaks. 
' That's news to us ,' said Don Morrison, director of the environmentally-minded Dakota Resource Council. ' The public really should know about these. If there is a spill, sometimes a landowner may not even know about it. And if they do, people think it's an isolated incident that's only happening to them .'
ARTICLE

USA Today 
WASHINGTON '” The Army acknowledged Friday that Maj. Gen. John Rossi committed suicide on July 31, making him the highest-ranking soldier ever to have taken his own life. 
Rossi, who was 55, was just two days from pinning on his third star and taking command of Army Space and Missile Command when he killed himself at his home at Redstone Arsenal in Alabama. ' 
Investigators could find no event, infidelity, misconduct or drug or alcohol abuse, that triggered Rossi's suicide, said a U.S. government official with direct knowledge of the investigation. It appears that Rossi was overwhelmed by his responsibilities, said the official who was not authorized to speak publicly about the investigation. 
Rossi himself talked in March about suicide at a conference on preventing troops from killing themselves. 
He held up a card from his wallet with photos of 10 soldiers who had died under his command at Fort Sill, Okla. Four of them had committed suicide. 
Rossi led off the event by reading the reports of recent suicide attempts to the soldiers at the event, according to a news story on the Army's web site. He told the conference that he received reports of four soldiers per week thinking about or attempting suicide. 
'We are ultimately responsible for soldiers both on and off duty,' Rossi said. 
In a separate statement on Friday, Rossi's family asked for privacy and called on soldiers with emotional problems to seek help. 
'To all the other families out there, to the man or woman who may be facing challenging times, please seek assistance immediately,' according to a statement released on the family's behalf by the Army. 
The Army, the armed forces and its veterans have struggled with the scourge of suicide since the 9/11 terror attacks and the wars that followed in Afghanistan and Iraq. About 20 veterans a day kill themselves, according to the Department of Veterans Affairs, putting them at 21% higher risk of suicide compared with civilian adults. 
The suicide rate for active-duty troops was similar to that of civilians in 2014, according to the most recent data released by the Pentagon. The Army's rate of 23.9 suicides per 100,000 soldiers was the highest among the services. 
Almost 20 years ago, Adm. Jeremy Boorda, the Navy's top sailor, killed himself with a gunshot to the chest. Then the chief of naval operations, Boorda had been the focus of an investigation into his improperly wearing combat medals. The four-star officer was the highest-ranking ever to have killed himself.
ARTICLE

Capital Press '“ by Tom Mallams 
Once again, our federal government is 'proposing' yet another attempt to lock up more 'public' land '” this time, by expanding the Cascade-Siskiyou National Monument in Southern Oregon and Northern California. 
As a citizen and as a Klamath County commissioner, I have consistently opposed locking up more and more public land and not having the ability to use natural resources in a responsible way. These efforts seem to have no end in sight. 
Yes, at this point this is still 'only a proposal.' But just look at the recent attempts such as the 2.1 million-acre Owyhee Canyon Lands, and the 500,000-acre Crater Lake wilderness area. 
If this recent attempt moves ahead, it will have devastating effects on the local communities. Also keep in mind that over 50,000 of these acres are O&C timber lands. The loss of timber harvests will also have a major effect on all 18 of the O&C counties. With no timber sales, there will also be little if any meaningful timber management that will increase the amount of major wildfires. 
The supporters claim there is 'strong backing from elected officials, citizens and chambers of commerce.' That actually equates to the cities of Ashland and Talent along with their chambers of commerce. 
Not exactly a mandate. 
In reality, very few in opposition even knew about the recent public meeting in Ashland. Local Bureau of Land Management offices in Klamath Falls and Redding hadn't even been notified. If the expansion is approved the talk is that the Klamath office would likely be closed '” a loss of 60 jobs. The supporters' sea of blue T-shirts and professional campaign signs that were present show they had plenty of advance knowledge. Well-rehearsed, scripted comments by the supporters often mentioned moving forward on the Owyhee effort as well. The unfolding scenario certainly has the smell of 'the fix is in.' 
I have requested an additional public comment meeting/hearing be held in Klamath Falls. 
These lands belong to the public. The government is supposed to manage them, not lock them up. 
These proposals need to die, and the quicker the better. 
Tom Mallams is a Klamath County commissioner and a rancher. He lives near Beatty, Ore.
ARTICLE

One Response to OPEN your EYES..See PAST the Puppet Show Darzak October 29, 2016 at 12:42 pm 
I couldn't watch this for more than 5 minutes.. The guy's delivery is so rambling and slow. He needs to think about his discussion beforehand and perhaps refer to some notes. I'm sure this 35 minutes of info could have been presented clearly in less than 10. If I'm wrong here, and he was just slow out of the gate, please reply and I'll go back and watch the rest upon your recommendation.
ARTICLE

Yahoo News FBI Director James Comey wrote his bombshell letter to Congress on Friday about newly discovered emails that were potentially 'pertinent' to the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server before agents were able to review any of the material because the bureau had not yet gotten a search warrant to read them, three government officials who have been briefed on the probe told Yahoo News. 
When Comey wrote the letter, 'he had no idea what was in the content of the emails,' one of the officials said, referring to recently discovered emails that were found on the laptop of disgraced ex-Rep. Anthony Weiner , the estranged husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Weiner is under investigation for allegedly sending illicit text messages to a 15-year-old girl. 
As of Saturday night, the FBI had still not gotten approval from the Justice Department for a warrant that would allow them to read any of the newly discovered Abedin emails, and therefore are still in the dark about whether they include any classified material that the bureau has not already seen. 
'We do not have a warrant,' a senior law enforcement official said. 'Discussions are underway [between the FBI and the Justice Department] as to the best way to move forward.' 
That Comey and other senior FBI officials were unaware of what was in the emails '” and whether they contained any material the FBI had not already obtained '” is important because the campaign of Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress have suggested that the FBI director would not have written his letter unless he had been made aware of significant new emails that might justify reopening the investigation into the Clinton server. 
But a message that Comey wrote to all FBI agents Friday seeking to explain his decision to write the controversial letter strongly hinted that investigators did not not yet have legal authority establishing 'probable cause' to review the content of Abedin's emails on Weiner's electronic devices. 
In that message, Comey told agents that he had only been briefed on Thursday about the matter and that the 'recommendation' of investigators was 'with respect to seeking access to emails that have recently been found in an unrelated case.' 
Comey approved the recommendation to seek judicial access to the material that day, he wrote. 
'Because those emails appear to be pertinent to our investigation, I agreed that we should take appropriate steps to obtain and review them,' he told agents. Comey's letter to Congress has brought the FBI director under withering criticism. Top Justice Department officials were described by a government source as 'apoplectic' over the letter. Senior officials 'strongly discouraged' Comey from sending it, telling FBI officials last week it would violate longstanding department policy against taking actions in the days before an election that might influence the outcome, a U.S official familiar with the matter told Yahoo News. 'He was acting independently of the guidance given to him,' said the U.S. official. 
Comey insisted in his message to agents that he felt he had 'an obligation' to inform Congress about the new material because he had previously testified that the bureau's investigation into the Clinton email server was completed. He said it would be 'misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.' He added, 'Given that we don't know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don't want to create a misleading impression.' 
The decision to send the letter 'wasn't easy,' said the senior law enforcement official. Comey and top FBI officials debated what course to take once they learned about the discovery on Weiner's laptop '“'“ said to include thousands of Abedin's emails. In the end, the official said, Comey feared that if he chose to move forward and seek access to the emails and didn't immediately alert Congress, the FBI's efforts would leak to the media and the director would be accused of concealing information. 
'This was the least bad choice,' the senior official said. 
But Comey's letter to Congress '” suggesting that the FBI might now revisit the Clinton email probe '” may have been even more misleading, some critics charged Saturday. 
'This letter is troubling because it is vaguely worded and leaves so many questions unanswered,' Sen. Patrick Leahy, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, and three other Democrats on the panel wrote Comey and Attorney General Loretta Lynch. 
'It is not clear whether the emails identified by the FBI are even in the custody of the FBI, whether any of the emails have already been reviewed, whether Secretary Clinton sent or received them, or whether they even have any significance to the FBI's previous investigation,' the senators wrote. A Yahoo News review of Abedin's interview with FBI agents last April '” when the Clinton email probe was in full swing '” shows that the longtime Clinton aide hinted that there might be relevant material on her husband's personal devices. But agents do not appear to have followed up on the clues. 
Abedin, who served as Clinton's deputy chief of staff and held a top-secret security clearance, disclosed she had access to four email accounts while working at the State Department. 
These accounts, Abedin said, included an official State Department email account, but also an account on Clinton's private email server that Abedin used to communicate with Clinton and her top aides, as well as a personal Yahoo account. She used both the Clinton email account and the Yahoo account to 'routinely' forward State Department emails and documents so she could more easily print them, she said. In addition, she told the agents, she had a separate email account that she had previously used 'to support her husband's political activities.' 
Abedin's interview '” conducted by agents at the FBI's Washington field office last April 5 '” was the first tip-off that the longtime Clinton aide might have circulated official State Department material among her multiple accounts. At one point, agents even confronted Abedin on one apparently sensitive email about U.S. policy towards Pakistan that had been forwarded to her State Department account from an aide to the late Richard Holbrooke, then a special State Department envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan. Abedin had forwarded the email to her Yahoo account in order to print it, but told agents she was 'unaware of the classification of the document and stated that she did not make judgments on the classification of material she received. Instead, she relied on the sender to make that assessment and to properly make and transmit the document.' There is no indication from the eight-page FBI report on the interview, however, that the agents ever pressed her on what has now turned into an explosive issue in the final days of the 2016 campaign: Did Weiner have access to any classified government documents on his laptop and iPhone '” devices that, he apparently used to exchange sexually charged messages with women he met online, including in one alleged case, an underage teenager in North Carolina? 
The fact that FBI agents failed to do so shows that the original probe into the Clinton email server was 'not thorough' and was 'fatally flawed,' said Joseph DiGenova, a former U.S. attorney and independent counsel who has been a strong critic of Comey and the FBI probe. 'The first thing they should have done was gotten a sworn affidavit about all her accounts and devices,' he said, adding that agents should have immediately followed up to obtain the devices, including Weiner's. 
But it is still far from clear which State Department emails might be on the devices that Weiner had access to. In a separate civil lawsuit brought by a conservative group, Judicial Watch, Abedin gave testimony in June that appeared to differ in some respects from what she told the FBI. Asked in that case about her email accounts, Abedin told Judicial Watch lawyers that she rarely used the personal Yahoo account, and that when she did, she only used it to forward State Department 'press clips' so she could print them.
ARTICLE

The Economic Collapse '“ by Michael Snyder 
Just when it looked like Hillary Clinton was poised to win the 2016 election , the FBI has thrown a gamechanger into the mix. On Friday, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency has discovered new emails related to Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified information that they had not previously seen. According to the Associated Press , the newly discovered emails 'did not come from her private server', but instead were found when the FBI started going through electronic devices that belonged to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband Anthony Weiner. The FBI has been looking into messages of a sexual nature that Weiner had exchanged with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina, and that is why they originally seized those electronic devices. According to the Washington Post , the 'emails were found on a computer used jointly by both Weiner and his wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry', and according to some reports there may be 'potentially thousands' of emails on the computer that the FBI did not have access to previously. Even though there are less than two weeks to go until election day, this scandal has the potential to possibly force Clinton out of the race, and if that happens could Barack Obama delay or suspend the election until a replacement candidate can be found? 
Let's take this one step at a time. On Friday, financial markets tanked when reports of these new Clinton emails hit the wires. The following comes from CNN '¦ 
After recommending earlier this year that the Department of Justice not press charges against the former secretary of state, Comey said in a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen that investigators are examining newly discovered emails that 'appear to be pertinent' to the email probe. 
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,' Comey wrote the chairmen. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.' 
At this point, we do not know what is contained in these emails. But without a doubt Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton's closest confidant, and I have always felt that she was Clinton's Achilles heel. Journalist Carl Bernstein (of Watergate fame) is fully convinced that the FBI would have never made this move unless something significant had already been discovered '¦ 
We don't know what this means yet except that it's a real bombshell. And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly, that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation. So that's where we are'¦ 
Is it a certainty that we won't learn before the election? I'm not sure it's a certainty we won't learn before the election. 
One thing is, it's possible that Hillary Clinton might want to on her own initiative talk to the FBI and find out what she can, and if she chooses to let the American people know what she thinks or knows is going on. People need to hear from her'¦ 
If the FBI has indeed found something explosive, would they actually charge her with a crime right before the election? 
It is possible, but we also have to remember that government agencies (including the FBI) tend to move very, very slowly. If there are thousands of emails, it is going to take quite a while to sift through them all. And of course Barack Obama has lots of ways that he could influence, delay or even shut down the investigation. 
So those that are counting on this to be the miracle that Donald Trump needs should not count their chickens before they hatch. 
But if Hillary Clinton were to be forced out of the race by this FBI investigation, the Democrats would have to decide on a new candidate, and that would take time. The following is from a U.S. News & World Report article that examined what would happen if one of the candidates was forced out of the race for some reason'¦ 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year's primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members '“ a number that changes over time and is guided by the group's bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
It would be extremely challenging to get a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee together on such short notice. If Clinton were to drop out next week, it would be almost impossible for this to happen before election day. 
In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers . Since the election would not be 'fair' until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the U.S. Constitution stop him in the past. 
Meanwhile, new poll numbers show that the Trump campaign was already gaining momentum even before this story about the new emails broke. According to a brand new ABC News/Washington Post survey, Donald Trump is now only trailing Hillary Clinton by 4 points after trailing her by as much as 12 points last weekend. 
And CNBC is reporting on a highly advanced artificial intelligence system that accurately predicted the outcomes of the presidential primaries and which is now indicating that Trump will be the winner in November'¦ 
An artificial intelligence system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House. 
MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. 
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democratic and Republican Primaries. 
Without Hillary at the top of the ticket, the odds of a Trump victory would go way, way up. 
So if Hillary is forced out of the race by this investigation, Barack Obama and the Democrats will want to delay or suspend the election for as long as possible if they can. 
At this point there is probably not a high probability that such a scenario will play out, but in this crazy election year we have already seen that just about anything can happen.
ARTICLE

Posted on October 29, 2016 by Barry Soetoro, Esq Published on Oct 29, 2016 by Barry Soetoro ANTHONY WEINER JUST GOT CAUGHT (AGAIN) IN ANOTHER TWISTED SEX SCANDAL. IS THIS WEINER SEX STORY ANOTHER HOAX TO HELP HILLARY, OR A BIGGER STRATEGY TO RIG THE 2016 ELECTION FOR SOROS? 
SOME FEEL HILLARY IS 'TOO BIG TO JAIL,' BUT FBI JUST 'REOPENED' THEIR INVESTIGATION INTO HILLARY'S EMAILS. WILL THE DIRTY FBI COVER FOR HILLARY ONCE MORE, OR WILL COMEY ACTUALLY JAIL HILLARY AND TAKE DOWN HALF OF WASHINGTON WITH HER? 
HOW DOES THE REGIME USE THIS WEINER PERVERT, AND WHY IS WEINER POPPING UP 10 DAYS BEFORE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION? 
TO PRESERVE POWER AND MAINTAIN THEIR HOLD ON AMERICA, THE REGIME'S STRATEGY MAY BE MORE COMPLEX THAN IT APPEARS. THEY MIGHT BE USING WEINER TO STEAL (AND POSTPONE) THE RIGGED 2016 ELECTION BY REPLACING HILLARY CLINTON. 
OBAMA THE ULTIMATE TEMP:
ARTICLE

Western Livestock Journal '“ by Jason Campbell 
'”Affected stakeholders not informed of public hearing 
A public meeting was held recently in southwest Oregon to discuss a proposal from the state's two U.S. senators asking that President Barack Obama double the size of the existing Cascade Siskiyou National Monument. 
Both the proposal and the meeting came as a shock to area ranchers and government officials, most of whom were unaware that such a request had been made on their behalf. Held at the request of Oregon Sen. Jeff Merkley (D), the Oct. 14 meeting also included Deputy Secretary of the Interior Mike Connor, and was intended to allow the federal official to hear comments and gauge public support for the proposed expansion. 
Originally created by President Bill Clinton in 2000, the 66,000-acre Cascade Siskiyou National Monument has long been a point of contention between environmentalists, ranchers, and loggers, all of whom share close quarters in Oregon's southwest corner. 
The proposed expansion would add another 65,000 acres of public land in both Jackson and Klamath Counties, as well as a small portion of California's Siskiyou County. 
While attendance at the meeting appeared overwhelmingly in favor of expanding the monument, opponents argue that this was because key stakeholders were not told a meeting was taking place. 
'There was no notice of any meeting,' says rancher Lee Bradshaw. 'It was pretty underhanded. 
When we did find out, we called as many people as we could, but on a Friday afternoon at 2:00, most folks are at work.' 
'We got an email from Merkley's office late on [Oct. 7], which was a Friday,' says Klamath County Commissioner Tom Mallam. 'We really weren't aware of it until Monday.' 
'A lot of the parties that would be directly affected were never informed at all,' he adds. 'This includes our local BLM office, as well as the BLM office in Redding. I haven't heard of any of the ranchers that got notifications. 
'I would call it a very transparent attempt to keep those who would oppose (expansion) in the dark.' 
Despite having little time to respond, Mallam did attend the meeting, where he says those in favor of the monument appeared much better prepared. 
'I saw professionally made signs supporting the monument, and a sea of t-shirts,' he says. 'That was extremely disturbing; you don't get those made up overnight. It was very obvious that they had plenty of notice ahead of time.' 
As of press time, Merkley had not responded to requests for comment. However in a letter from the senator to Interior Secretary Sally Jewell dated Oct. 4, Merkley requested her presence at the Oct. 14 meeting, and claimed that the proposal had 'strong backing' from the regions elected officials, citizens, chambers of commerce, and landowners. 
The reality, says Mallam, is much different than Merkley's claim. According to Mallam, officials from two cities in the area, Ashland and Talent, have announced their support of the expansion. However, the remaining communities, as well as the county governments from all three affected counties either oppose the proposal, or were not aware of it. 
'Merkley's office has, time and again, referenced substantial support based on two small cities,' says Mallam. 'It's disturbing to say the least.' 
Among the ranchers who were in attendance to speak against the monument, primary concerns centered on the potential loss of public grazing and the inclusion of private lands within the monument boundary. 
'Merkley's comment to me was that making it a monument won't necessarily stop grazing,' says Bradshaw, whose BLM permit falls within the proposed expansion area. 'But I know what the end result will be.' 
For Bradshaw and other ranchers living in the shadow of the existing monument, all this has happened before. 
'When the initial monument was created, they allowed grazing to continue as part of a three-year study,' explains Bradshaw. 'We all knew how that was going to turn out.' 
Eventually finding that grazing was incompatible with the monument, the government offered to purchase permits from willing sellers. 
'Those guys could see the writing on the wall,' says Bradshaw. 'If they didn't sell out, they were going to get regulated out. Their permits were bought out, and there's no longer any grazing over there.' 
Bradshaw believes the same scenario will be repeated if the monument is expanded. 
'They're going to find a butterfly over here, or a frog over there, and eventually, they are going to regulate you off,' he says. 'If I thought there was a chance I could work with them and still be running cows up there in 10 years, I'd pursue it.' 
The inclusion of private lands is an additional concern. Along with the 65,000 acres of public land, the proposed expansion boundary also includes 34,000 acres of private timber and grazing land. Expansion supporters insist that this land will remain in private hands. Opponents, however, are quick to point out that this claim has not been borne out by circumstances on the existing monument. 
When it was initially created, the monument was comprised of 86,000 acres, 52,000 of which were public lands. Since that time, approximately 15,000 additional acres have been converted to public ownership, and much of the remainder is in the hands of conservation groups, awaiting public purchase. The reason for this, according to opponents, is constant pressure to sell using tactics such as restricted access, forcing a landowner into the position of a willing seller rather than face the legal battle required to keep their property. 
According to both Mallam and Bradshaw, opponents of the monument are exploring their legal options, but with just a few months left in the Obama administration, there isn't much time to mount a defense. 
'If they're going to do it, it's going to happen very quickly,' says Mallam. 'I don't know that there's any way to reverse it.' 
'I just don't understand how they can do something like this,' adds Bradshaw. 'If you put it out for a vote, most of the people here would be against it. Yet here we are.' '” Jason Campbell, WLJ Correspondent
ARTICLE

Accuracy in Media '“ by Cliff Kincaid 
In one of her secret speeches, Hillary Clinton said, 'My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders'¦' Before this comment was revealed, Adam Taylor of The Washington Post tried to assure everyone that the idea of a North American Union, like the meddlesome and bureaucratic European Union, was dead. Such talk, he said, emanated from 'fringe websites' and 'conspiracy theorists.' 
The Hillary speech was made to a Brazilian bank known as ItaÃº BBA, which describes itself as 'Latin America's largest Corporate & Investment Bank' and part of the ItaÃº Unibanco group, 'one of the world's largest financial conglomerates.' 
The problem for Taylor and other faux journalists is that there is a whole body of research on the topic of a ' North American Law Project ,' designed to integrate the legal systems of the U.S., Canada and Mexico. The project is run out of American University's Center for North American Studies, where students can concentrate in North American Studies . As a matter of fact, such degrees are being offered by several different colleges and universities, including Canada's McGill University . 
Passed in 1993, NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement, began the process of harmonizing laws among the U.S., Canada and Mexico. But the Council on Foreign Relations admits that the U.S.-Mexico trade balance swung from a $1.7 billion U.S. surplus in 1993 to a $54 billion deficit by 2014. This has led to a loss of about 600,000 jobs. 
In addition to shipping jobs to Mexico, NAFTA constituted subversion of our constitutional system. President Clinton submitted NAFTA as an agreement, requiring only a majority of votes in both Houses of Congress for passage, and not a treaty, which would have required a two-thirds vote in favor in the Senate. NAFTA passed by votes of 234-200 in the House and 61-38 in the Senate. 
A money crash soon followed in 1995 as Mexico was hit by a peso crisis, and a U.S. bailout was arranged. Congress would not bail out Mexico, so Clinton arranged for loans and guarantees to Mexico totaling almost $40 billion through the International Monetary Fund and the 'Exchange Stabilization Fund.' 
Meanwhile, pressure has been building for the creation of a 'North American Community''”also known as a 'North American Union''”with regular meetings involving the leaders of the three countries. On June 29, 2016, the Obama White House issued a fact sheet on this year's 'North American Leaders' Summit.' It said, 'The economies of the United States, Canada, and Mexico are deeply integrated. Canada and Mexico are our second and third largest trading partners. Our trade with them exceeds $1.2 trillion dollars annually.' 
The leaders of these countries agreed to establish a 'North American Caucus' to 'more effectively work in concert on regional and global issues by holding semi-annual coordination meetings among our foreign ministries.' One item on the agenda was for the leaders to reaffirm 'North America's strong support for [Colombian] President Santos's efforts to finalize a peace accord with the FARC guerrillas.' That fell apart on October 2 when a 'peace deal' with the communist terrorists was voted down by the people of Colombia. 
But notice how these leaders claim to speak for 'North America.' 
Going global, they also declared, 'North America is committed to joint and coordinated actions to implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, including the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the Addis Ababa Action Agenda.' 
This is U.N.-speak for global taxes and other forms of foreign aid from the U.S. to the rest of the world. 
We noted in a column last year that the American people, through their elected representatives, have had absolutely no input in developing the new global agenda that President Obama has tried to implement without the input or approval of Congress. 
Interestingly, one of those deeply involved in this global agenda, as we noted at the time, was John Podesta, the chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign who previously served as counselor to Obama. Podesta's emails are at the center of the WikiLeaks disclosures about the operations of the Clinton campaign, the Clinton Foundation and the Democratic Party. 
Podesta, founder of the George Soros-funded Center for American Progress and a member of the elitist Trilateral Commission , went to work for Obama as a senior policy consultant on climate change. A liberal Catholic, he has been a professor at Georgetown Law School. One of the leaked emails shows Podesta saying that he applauds the work of Pope Francis on climate change and that 'all my Jesuit friends say the Pope is the real deal.' 
Podesta was picked by U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to be a member of the 'high-level panel' of 'eminent persons' planning the future of the globe. This so-called 'High Level Panel on the Post-2015 Development Agenda' released an 81-page report titled, 'A New Global Partnership: Eradicate Poverty and Transform Economies through Sustainable Development.' 
'In simplest terms,' explains Patrick Wood, author of Technocracy Rising: The Trojan Horse of Global Transformation , 'Sustainable Development is a replacement economic system for capitalism and free enterprise. It is a system based on resource allocation and usage rather than on supply and demand and free economic market forces.' 
In this context, Wood argues that the major significance of the transfer of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) is not the immediate need by the U.N. or some countries to censor websites, but to generate revenue for global purposes. ICANN will do this, he argues, through management of the so-called Internet of Things (IoT), the links between the Internet and networks, electronic devices and embedded technology with IP addresses. 'IoT are the connections between inanimate objects and the humans that depend upon them,' he notes. To accomplish this, ICANN has devised a new IP numbering system called IPV6, described as the ' vital expansion ' of the Internet. 
'In terms of 'follow the money,' IoT is expected to generate upwards of $3 trillion by 2025 and is growing at a rate of at least 30 percent per year,' Wood argues . 'In other words, it is a huge market and money is flying everywhere. If the UN can figure out a way to tax this market, and they will, it will provide a windfall of income and perhaps enough to make it self-perpetuating.' 
He adds, 'Congress never understood this when they passively let Obama fail to renew our contract with ICANN. However, Obama and his globalist handlers understood it perfectly well, which makes the deception and treachery of it even worse.' 
Under the cover of 'sustainable development,' Wood predicts the Internet will be used to construct a massive database on human activities, in order to monitor and control nations' and peoples' access to resources. It will constitute ultimate socialist control and a form of 'digital slavery,' from which he warns there may be no return. 
Cliff Kincaid is the Director of the AIM Center for Investigative Journalism and can be contacted at cliff.kincaid@aim.org. View the complete archives from Cliff Kincaid .
ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Graywolf Published on Oct 17, 2016 by Leo Stratton 10-16-16 Portland Or, City Hall, Laz and Shawna Cox present newly uncovered evidence of the co-conspiritors in the murder of LaVoy Finicim Hedge Funds, greed, power, its all exposed here in this, part 1 of this series Published on Oct 18, 2016 by Leo Stratton 10-16-16 Portland Or, City Hall, this is part 2 of 'new evidence Lavoy Finicim murderers' Laz and Shawna disclose documents and information with details pertaining to purchase of land for 10 $/ acre, the Bentz Family and their corruption, and the many Officials benifiting from the theft of our land, liberty, and freedoms. Published on Oct 18, 2016 by Leo Stratton 10-16-16 Portland Or, City Hall, previously in videos 1 and 2 Laz and Shawna present the newly discovered documents pointing to the monetary gains, via hedge funds, executive orders, and other means that led to the land seizure of innocent ranchers, and the murder of LaVoy Finicim, this further explains details. Published on Apr 20, 2016 by Leo Stratton 4-20-2016 you are watching video 4 the conclusion to the 'BOMBSHELL' videos, as i was filming a Stand with LaVoy Finicim and our Patriots event in Portland Or, in front of the Federal Courthouse where many of the individuals from the Compound near Burns Oregon are being held without bail, i filmed an individual with a very powerful message, i posted it to my channel and it became popular, He contacted me because he was flattered, and subsequently invited me among the inner circle of Patriots joining him to expose the documents he has tirelessly gathered to implicate the true villains and exonerate the ranchers and other individuals simply trying to make an honest living Published on Oct 18, 2016 by Leo Stratton 10-16-16 Portland Or, City Hall, as the first 3 videos in this series state, LaVoy Finicim was assassinated to cover up the greed and wealth grab by Politicians who make their own laws, and believe they are aboe guilt, Laz and Shawna's intent is to present documents that prove beyond a reasonable doubt, their collusion destroy many Families lives and to make sure it does not continue. 
www.pcta.org Proxy Highlight 
The Pacific Crest Trail is one of the best trail experiences on Earth. We're on a mission to protect it forever. Join us. 
Western Oregon Plan Revision Final EIS Archive Oregon '¦ If you would like to download the entire document please use the links below. It might take a significant amount of time to download each volume. The following '¦ 
web.pdx.edu/~stipakb/download/PerfMeasures/OregonBenc'¦ Proxy Highlight 
what was really involved in the Oregon Benchmark system? What were the major elements? How was the public involved in setting them? What was the '¦
ARTICLE

Peak Energy '“ by Dr. Thomas Levy 
For many years, truth be known, cardiologists have just believed that getting a heart attack was bad luck, blaming it on a bad family history, a poor diet, being overweight, or saying 'I guess it was just your time, because you haven't been doing anything wrong.' 
For the past century, scientific articles have continued to pour in showing that there are very many risk factors for heart disease, like elevated cholesterol, high blood pressure, diabetes, and so on. There is no question that such risk factors are clearly associated with heart disease, and, when uncontrolled, appear to accelerate its development. But, there IS a missing link that we must discuss right now. 'Preventative cardiology' is becoming the new medicine for heart patients 
In recent years, cardiology now appears to have collectively realized and accepted that coronary atherosclerosis (arterial narrowing and blockages) never develop in the absence of inflammation in the coronary arterial wall, initially in the endothelium, its innermost layer. As doctors despise treating anything they feel they do not understand, this revelation has helped many of my cardiologist colleagues to feel comfortable that they are no longer treating just 'unlucky' individuals, and that they are no longer limited to just taking care of their patients after the heart attack has already occurred. 
Instead, the thought process is akin to: 'Your coronary arteries are chronically inflamed, and we need to minimize that inflammation as best we can.' 
Yet, while the focus has now shifted to coronary artery inflammation, the conclusion is still that a heart attack victim is more unfortunate than anything else, but that there is now a name for that 'misfortune': inflammation. Nobody, it seems, is yet ready to ask why the elephant named inflammation is in the room to begin with. Focal coronary arterial scurvy causes the inflammation 
Most people, including healthcare practitioners, think of scurvy only as a severe vitamin C deficiency throughout the body that rarely occurs any longer in the modern world. And this is correct. However, scurvy also occurs when vitamin C is severely depleted in one tissue or organ while the rest of the body has ample amounts. 
This is known as focal scurvy '“ which often exists in individuals who appear to be otherwise completely healthy. And where there is focal scurvy, there is focal inflammation, as discussed below. 
Normally, vitamin C is present literally everywhere in the body, both inside and outside the cells. All organs contain it and need it to function correctly and optimally. A point that continues to be missed by many clinicians and even basic researchers is the following: 
Inflammation cannot exist where there is no vitamin C deficiency. Pathophysiologically, inflammation and vitamin C deficiency are the same. 
This is because inflammation results in nothing more than increased oxidative stress (prooxidation), and such increased oxidative stress cannot exist where enough vitamin C (antioxidant) is present at the same time. So, any factor that increases oxidative stress consumes a proportionate amount of vitamin C, and any decrease in the ongoing supply of vitamin C to an area of the body allows oxidative stress to go unquenched, and this allows the clinical and laboratory evidence of vitamin C deficiency (aka focal scurvy) to appear. This means that'¦ 
Focal inflammation is a synonym for focal scurvy. 
And since all disease pathologies feature increased oxidative stress in the affected tissues and cells, it can be further stated that: 
All chronic diseases are states of focal scurvy in the affected tissues and organs. 
So, in the case of coronary atherosclerosis '“ we must ask an important question. Why is there always inflammation and a state of focal scurvy in the coronary arterial walls? 
The only common way for the coronary artery to become severely deficient in vitamin C is to have pathogenic microorganisms take root there and metabolically consume (oxidize) all, or nearly all, of the vitamin C normally present. When this is occurring chronically, the result is chronic inflammation. 
If there is a short-lived infection elsewhere in the body and only transiently releasing pathogens into the bloodstream, inflammation can come and go, and vitamin C levels can be restored. But when the pathogen supply in the blood is continuous, the inflammation remains and even vigorous vitamin C supplementation will typically not resolve that inflammation. That inflammation then becomes the disease, as the macrophages and other immune system agents enter the inflamed area of the coronary artery and try to chronically 'cure' the incessant seeding of pathogens. 
The increased oxidative stress due to the release of reactive oxygen species from the white blood cells resulting from the chronic inflammation in the absence of the vitamin C is the initiator and primary propagator of the atherosclerotic process. Every cardiologist needs to understand the significance of gum disease 
For some years now, the cardiology and dental literature has shown that chronic periodontal disease (infected gums) is clearly 'associated' with increased coronary artery disease. While this is true, it is finally becoming clear that this 'association' is really cause-and-effect. That is to say, the oral pathogens directly cause the atherosclerosis. 
Multiple studies now reveal that the blood vessel walls and the atherosclerotic plaques contain the same array of pathogens that are found in the infected gums. In addition, a much higher concentration of these pathogens has been found to be present in the blood clots that acutely and completely block off the coronary artery and cause the heart attack. Yet the literature continues to assert only an 'association' between these pathogens and coronary artery pathology. 
Sometimes simple logic just gets tossed out the window. 
How could a heart attack-causing blood clot accumulate a high concentration of organisms from blood that is supposed to be completely sterile when cultured? Of course, no researcher is going to resolve gum disease, document the disappearance of coronary inflammation, and then re-infect the gums to show the return of the inflammation. 
Without the use of clear-headed logic, the oral pathogen-coronary inflammation connection remains forever a mere 'link or association,' and clinicians need not feel compelled to make oral examination and treatment a mandatory part of the treatment of any patient with suspected or documented coronary heart disease. 
The chronic infection of root canal-treated teeth is the source of the coronary inflammation for most heart attack patients, probably 70% of the time or so. Chronic gum disease probably accounts for another 20 to 25% of cases. The remainder comes from other unidentified sources chronically seeding pathogens into the blood, like infected tonsils or perhaps even a chronically constipated and pathogen-proliferating gut. A 'take home' message for every heart disease patient 
The point is that all coronary heart disease patients are not being correctly and completely treated if their mouths have not even been examined or considered in the evaluation and treatment of their condition. 
In point of fact, such patients are having the most important reasons for their heart disease being ignored or otherwise neglected. Oral pathogens are the reason for well over 90% of heart attacks, and probably less than 5% of cardiologists and other physicians even know to look for this causative factor. 
A heart attack patient is NOT just unlucky. Rather, the heart attack patient has an overwhelming likelihood of having a steady supply of oral pathogens and toxins coming from root canal-treated teeth and/or chronically infected gums. 
Bottom line, while nobody likes to get in the dental chair, avoiding the proper dental care and intervention can result in a much sicker and a much shorter life. 
References: Haraszthy et al. (2000) Identification of periodontal pathogens in atheromatous plaques. Journal of Periodontology 71:1554-1560. PMID: 11063387 Mattila et al. (2005) Dental infections and cardiovascular disease: a review. Journal of Periodontology 76:2085-2088. PMID: 16277580 Caplan et al. (2006) Lesions of endodontic origin and risk of coronary artery disease. Journal of Dental Research 85:996-1000. PMID: 17062738 Caplan et al. (2009) The relationship between self-reported history of endodontic therapy and coronary artery disease in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study. Journal of the American Dental Association 140:1004-1012. PMID: 19654253 Willershausen et al. (2014) Association between chronic periodontal and apical inflammation and acute myocardial infarction. Odontology 102:297-302. PMID: 23604464 Ott et al. (2006) Detection of diverse bacterial signatures in atherosclerotic lesions of patients with coronary artery disease. Circulation 113:929-937. PMID: 16490835 Pessi et al. (2013) Bacterial signatures in thrombus aspirates of patients with myocardial infarction. Circulation 127:1219-1228. PMID: 23418311
ARTICLE

Breitbart '“ by Tom Tancredo 
The announcement by the FBI that it has reopened the criminal investigation into Hillary's email server is more than an embarrassment to the Clinton presidential campaign. 
It is a ticking time bomb that could do more damage to our country than the Watergate scandal if allowed to explode. 
The Watergate investigation revealed Nixon's attempted cover-up of the June 1972 break-in at Democratic National Committee HQ at the Watergate Hotel. It was the cover-up that led to Nixon's downfall, not the break-in. 
The FBI investigation has already revealed Hillary Clinton's perjury, and a new investigation of additional classified documents shared through her personal email server can lead to criminal indictments'”unless the FBI itself wants to fall on its sword in a far more visible and viral cover-up than we have seen to date. 
It is not at all clear that the FBI has not already been hopelessly compromised: Did the FBI have knowledge of Barack Obama's participation in the illegal email server and the president's lies about it to the public? Who will investigate the investigators? 
What happens if Clinton wins the election and is then indicted on criminal charges prior to January 20? What happens if the FBI again fails to recommend criminal charges but the House of Representatives finds her in contempt of Congress and asks the Department of Justice to prosecute her for perjury? What happens if the Congress holds up all presidential appointments and all Democrat legislation until a nonpartisan Special Prosecutor is appointed? 
The likelihood of a constitutional crisis grows each day that Clinton continues to lie about her classified emails and continues to avoid criminal penalties for her possible perjury. If Clinton wins the election and is sworn in as President, she can only be removed by impeachment by the House and conviction by the Senate. If Democrats win majority control of the Senate on November 8, Clinton could defy the Congress and either refuse to appoint a Special Prosecutor or appoint someone who would rubber stamp her criminal behavior. 
The patriotic thing for Hillary Clinton to do would be to step aside and let the DNC select Tim Kaine as the party's presidential candidate. But since that would almost certainly lead to a tidal wave of support for Donald Trump, that will not happen. The national Democrat Party is not famous for its fidelity to constitutional norms. 
The difference between the Watergate scandal and the Clinton perjury scandal is that in 1974, a delegation of Republican members of Congress went to Nixon and told him point blank he must resign because they would vote to remove him if he didn't. Republicans suffered devastating losses in the 1974 elections because of the Nixon resignation'”even though no members of Congress were implicated in Nixon's cover-up. 
In the Watergate scandal, Republicans in Congress put the truth and the rule of law above politics. Democrats do not behave that way; Democrats put politics above everything, including the Constitution. Besides, the Clintons have been here before and survived. In 1998, Bill Clinton committed perjury '” and obstruction of justice '“ and got away with it because, as Democrat Senators admitted publicly, they would not remove one of their own for merely telling a lie. After all, they said, Bill Clinton's lie was not about policy, it was about sex with a White House intern. 
The national media will of course do its best to deflect public attention away from the new FBI criminal investigation. Indeed, that is already happening. 
Like liberal newspapers across the country, The Denver Post considers it necessary to link the FBI story to the Associated Press survey of public opinion on the veracity of the 'groping' allegations against Trump. The media has not yet managed to find any credible allegation of criminal wrong-doing against Trump, but is working hard to divert public attention away from Clinton's newest scandal. 
A constitutional crisis is not entirely avoided even if Hillary Clinton loses to Donald Trump on November 8. Let's suppose President Trump asks newly appointed Attorney General Rudy Giuliani to appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate Clinton's misuse of a private email server. 
A Democrat-controlled Senate could obstruct that investigation and threaten all kinds of retribution against the new President. Thus, in typical Washington fashion, a bipartisan deal would likely be struck to let Hillary off the hook'”all in the name, of course, of saving taxpayer money. 
A very real constitutional crisis has already occurred and it is ongoing '” the transparent politicization of the FBI and the Department of Justice by the Obama team and the resulting loss of public confidence in those law enforcement institutions. Americans now have additional reasons to be wary of expanded federal powers.
ARTICLE

The Hill '“ by Don Rosenburg 
I always cared about the immigration issue, even before my son was killed. As a 30-year resident of southern California, I'd been noticing for years the extent to which concrete and sprawl was swallowing up the natural environs of my corner of the state. Of all states, I always thought, why is it the one that's most beautiful and with the most arable and productive land that's being torn up and paved over. And just how much traffic and gridlock are people willing to take, I would think to myself. Then my son, in his second year of law school, was run over three times and killed by an illegal-alien driver. That's when I became an immigration-control activist and that's why I can't support Hillary Clinton , the open-borders candidate for president. 
And that's why I've just filed two lawsuits; one against the Department of Homeland Security and one against the Justice Department. With the help of the Immigration Reform Law Institute (IRLI), I'm pursuing a complaint against DHS for refusing to consider the environmental impacts of its mass immigration policies, a gross violation of environmental law we argue. Under the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA), all federal agencies must take a 'hard look' at every 'major action' they commit to and produce for the public an environmental assessment which a) explores all potential impacts of the action, and b) considers all possible alternatives. Since the law was enacted in 1970, California's population has doubled from 20 to 40 million and DHS (including its predecessor, Immigration and Naturalization Services), has never published a single report exploring the possible impacts associated with its immigration policies. As we argue in our brief, if the public knew the effects of runaway population growth maybe they would have rallied that much harder for tougher enforcement and lower immigration-levels. Having ignored their obligations under the statute for so long, this could be one the biggest environmental law violations ever committed in the nation's history. 
DHS, I must add, does write some NEPA reports. For instance, it calculates the impacts caused by its illegal-alien detainment facilities, just not for the people detained inside them then released to the public. This has to be done, we argue. America's environmental footprint is gargantuan, the biggest in the world only next to dictatorial China. The American public's constantly harangued that so-called 'Dreamers', that insufferably inane term, simply want an American standard of living and a piece of the American pie. But as I used to tell my son as a child, 'wanting' is different than 'needing.' America is a mere 5 percent of the world's population, yet it consumes 20 percent of its petroleum. So every time a legal or illegal alien comes into the country and settles, the level of greenhouse gases in the world goes up just a little bit more. As for urban sprawl, between 1980 and 2000 America paved over a piece of land (much of it arable) that was around the size of Illinois . But does the correlation between population growth and environmental impact, a simple logical connection your average 3rd -grader could grasp, ever get even a moment's discussion in the major media? For the future of our kids, it must. 
Same goes for illegal alien-crime. Routinely, we're told there's a ' scholarly consensus ' that illegal aliens commit fewer criminal offenses than citizens. As if this could be supportable. Most illegal aliens are absolutely skill-less and skill-less people commit far more crime on average'”Never mind for now the labor markets-argument that the last thing our increasingly knowledge-based and roboticized economy needs is more skill-less workers. And nothing, of course, is stopping criminals on the run in Mexico from simply relocating here, out of the policia 's reach. 
In any case, we know anyway that illegal alien-crime is a Rumsfeldian 'known unknown', as DOJ apparently doesn't even bother to tally this information'“My son's death was counted as having been killed by a citizen with a driver's license. At least for the public, that is. And that's why IRLI and I are suing them as well. The agency has refused to comply with our requests for records on this issue. Why they can't divulge to the American public these sorts of facts is telling in itself. After all, the Justice Department can tell me how many pick-pocketing crimes there were last year but not how many people were killed by illegal aliens. Not that this should matter in the debate over illegal immigration. Since they shouldn't have been here in the first place, any crime an illegal alien commits against our own, like the killing of my boy, is a special tragedy. A nightmare that will occur again and again if Hillary Clinton takes the White House. 
Don Rosenberg is the founder of advocacy group Unlicensed to Kill and lives in Los Angeles County.
ARTICLE

Free Thought Project '“ by Claire Bernish 
Cannon Ball, N.D. '” On Thursday, police from no less than five states sporting full riot gear and armed with heavy lethal and nonlethal weaponry, pepper spray, mace, a number of ATVs, five tanks, two helicopters, and military-equipped humvees showed up to tear down an encampment of Standing Rock Sioux water protectors and supporters armed with '¦ nothing. 
Under orders from the now-notorious Morton County Sheriff's Office, this ridiculously heavy-handed standing army came better prepared to do battle than some actual military units fighting overseas. 
But the target of their operation '” a group of slightly more than 200 Native American water protectors and supporters opposing construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline '” never intended to do battle with the armed, taxpayer-funded, corporate-backed, state-sponsored aggressors. 
Reports vary, but no less than 141 people were arrested Thursday, and '” according to witnesses '” police marked numbers on arrestees' arms and housed them in cement-floored dog kennels , without any padding, before they were transported as far away as Fargo. 
'It goes back to concentration camp days,' asserted Oceti-Sakowin coordinator Mekasi Camp-Horinek, who, along with his mother, was marked and detained in a mesh kennel, reports the Los Angeles Times . 
Although Thursday's incident remained relatively peaceful for some time, with only shouts, chants, and occasional attempts by water protectors to convince this standing army to examine its motives and reconsider, clashes nonetheless broke out '” solely because of gratuitous police aggression. 
After facing off for a couple hours, these militant cops began closing in on the water protectors to shut down the Treaty of 1851 camp '” in reference to the Fort Laramie Treaty of that year, which established a large parcel of land designated exclusively Native American territory not to be disturbed by the U.S. government. Prior to his arrest, Camp-Horinek had established the camp, stating, as cited by Indigenous Rising : 
'Today, the Oceti Sakowin has enacted eminent domain on DAPL lands, claiming 1851 treaty rights. This is unceded land. Highway 1806 as of this point is blockaded. We will be occupying this land and staying here until this pipeline is permanently stopped. We need bodies and we need people who are trained in non-violent direct action. We are still staying non-violent and we are still staying peaceful.' 
Despite the water protectors' commitment to nonviolence, the militarized police response went as would be expected '” horribly awry. 
'A prayer circle of elders, including several women, was interrupted and all were arrested for standing peacefully on the public road,' stated a press release from Indigenous Environment Network. 'A tipi was erected in the road and was recklessly dismantled, despite law enforcement statements that they would merely mark the tipi with a yellow ribbon and ask its owners to retrieve it. A group of water protectors was also dragged out of a sweat lodge ceremony erected in the path of the pipeline, thrown to the ground, and arrested.' 
Claims to the contrary by Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier aside, Native American and Indigenous water protectors and supporters have refrained from violent acts on the whole, preferring instead peaceful prayer vigils and acts of civil disobedience. 
No matter how peacefully the opposition acts, armed defenders of Big Oil interests seem determined to brutalize , disrespect, and generally incite and inflict violence against those who desire unsullied water for generations to come. 
In fact, at the beginning of September, a private security firm hired by Energy Transfer Partners, the company responsible for pipeline construction, indiscriminately unleashed vicious attack dogs on water protectors, press, and supporters '” for reasons as yet unknown. 
During the savage attack, a pregnant woman, young girl, and many others suffered serious dog bites thanks to the ineptitude of the dogs' handlers. Afterward, a warrant for inciting a riot was issued Democracy Now! journalist Amy Goodman '” for doing her job, filming events as they happened '” though charges were subsequently thrown out. 
Although ETP and some law enforcement officers defended the barbarous actions of the private security mercenaries, the Guardian now reports that '” because the guards lacked proper licensing '” they could now face criminal charges. On Wednesday, the Morton County Sheriff's Office made the determination that 'dog handlers were not properly licensed to do security work in the state of North Dakota.' 
Bob Frost, owner of Ohio-based Frost Kennels, told the Guardian , 'All the proper protocols '¦ were already done. I pulled my guys out the next day because we weren't there to go to war with these protesters.' 
Frost insisted he had cooperated with authorities investigating the incident '” but the sheriff's department disagrees. Seven handlers and dogs were deployed to the scene in early September, allegedly in response to reports of trespassers; but, according to the Guardian , police have only managed to identify two people. 
The sheriff's department claims Frost has not provided necessary information, and unnamed security officials cited in the report said that 'there were no intentions of using the dogs or handlers for security work. '¦ However, because of the protest events, the dogs were deployed as a method of trying to keep the protesters under control.' 
In a statement cited by the Guardian , Morton County Captain Jay Gruebele said, 'Although lists of security employees have been provided, there is no way of confirming whether the list is accurate or if names have been purposely withheld.' 
Water protectors, in the meantime, are left to deal with absurdly disproportionate state violence '” and the altogether unacceptable, disrespectful, and demeaning insult of being relegated to dog kennels after being arrested for exercising their rights. 
As Lakota Country Times editor Brandon Ecoffey wrote in an editorial Thursday, 
'Over the course of the last several months the abuse of detainees by Morton County Law Enforcement has overstepped every boundary guaranteed by the American constitution. Water protectors have been seen being bound and hooded by police. People are being stripped searched and abused within their jail for misdemeanor crimes. And police have employed the use of mass surveillance through drones on the protector camps. This isn't a war zone this is North Dakota.' Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/like-concentration-camp-police-marking-dapl-protesters-numbers-locking-dog-kennels/#6bMhpGeg5Ggp5MgG.99 Share this:
ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 8 + 7 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom
ARTICLE

Reuters 
A powerful earthquake struck Italy on Sunday in the same central regions that have been rocked by repeated tremors over the past two months, with more homes and churches brought down but no deaths reported. 
The quake, which measured 6.6 according to the U.S. Geological Survey, was bigger than one on Aug. 24 that killed almost 300 people. Many people have fled the area since then, helping to avoid a new devastating death toll. 
The latest quake was felt across much of Italy, striking at 7.40 a.m. (0640 GMT), its epicenter close to the historic Umbrian walled town of Norcia, some 100 km (60 miles) from the university city of Perugia. 
Panicked Norcia residents rushed into the streets and the town's ancient Basilica of St. Benedict collapsed, leaving just the facade standing. Nuns, monks and locals sank to their knees in the main square in silent prayer before the shattered church. 
'This is a tragedy. It is a coup de grace. The basilica is devastated,' Bishop Renato Boccardo of Norcia told Reuters. 
'Everyone has been suspended in a never-ending state of fear and stress. They are at their wits end,' said Boccardo, referring to the thousands of tremors that have rattled the area since August, including two serious quakes on Wednesday. 
Italy's Civil Protection unit, which coordinates disaster relief, said numerous houses were destroyed on Sunday in the regions of Umbria and Marche, but either they were deserted at the time or most of the residents managed to escape beforehand. 
'No deaths have been reported, but there are a number of people injured,' said Civil Protection chief Fabrizio Curcio, adding that just one person was in a serious condition. 
Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said Italy was living through extremely difficult times, but promised a massive reconstruction effort in the years ahead regardless of any possible objections from the European Union over the eventual costs. 
'We will rebuild everything, the houses, the churches and the businesses,' Renzi told reporters. 'Everything that needs to be done to rebuild these areas will be done.' 
Local authorities said towns and villages already battered by August's 6.2 quake had suffered further significant damage. 
'This morning's quake has hit the few things that were left standing. We will have to start from scratch,' Michele Franchi, the deputy mayor of Arquata del Tronto, told Rai television. 
Experts said Sunday's quake was the strongest here since a 6.9 quake in Italy's south in 1980 that killed 2,735 people. 
ARTISTIC LOSS 
The destruction of the Norcia basilica was the single most significant loss of Italy's artistic heritage in an earthquake since a tremor in 1997 caused the collapse of the ceiling of the Basilica of St Francis in Assisi, which is 80 km to the north. 
The frescoed basilica, which is the spiritual, historic and tourist heart of Norcia, was built over the site of the home where the founder of the Benedictine order and his Sister St. Scolastica were born in 480. 
The basilica and monastery complex dates to the 13th century, although shrines to St. Benedict and his sister had been built there since the 8th century. 
Benedict founded the Benedictine order in Subiaco, near Rome. He died in 530 in the monastery at Monte Cassino, south of Rome, which was destroyed during World War Two. That monastery was later rebuilt. 
A number of other churches were also ruined on Sunday, Italian media reported, including Norcia's Cattedrale di Santa Maria, which was built in the 16th century, while the town hall belltower had deep cracks running through its walls. 
However, most of Norcia's homes appeared to have withstood the prolonged tremor, with residents praising years of investment by local authorities in anti-seismic protection. 
In the nearby city of Rieti patients were evacuated from a hospital to allow experts to check on structural damage, while hillroads across the region were littered with fallen rocks. 
Sunday's earthquake was felt as far north as Bolzano, near the border with Austria and as far south as the Puglia region at the southern tip of the Italian peninsula. 
It was also felt strongly in the capital Rome, where transport authorities shut down the metro system for precautionary checks. Authorities also toured the city's main Roman Catholic basilicas looking for possible damage. 
Italy sits on two geological fault lines, making it one of the most seismically active countries in Europe. 
Gianluca Valinsese, a scientist at Italy's National Institute for Geophysics and Vulcanology, warned the latest series of quakes could continue for weeks in a domino effect along the central Apennine fault system. 
Italy's deadliest quake since the start of the 20th century came in 1908, when a tremor followed by a tsunami killed an estimated 80,000 people in the southern regions of Reggio Calabria and Sicily. 
(Writing by Crispian Balmer and Philip Pullella; Additional reporting by Steve Scherer, Gavin Jones and Mark Bendeich; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
ARTICLE

Published on Oct 30, 2016 by Ukraine War Awareness October 29, 2016, a village in the Pervomaisk District in Separatist-Held Lugansk was bombed with collateral damage on Private Property as well as Gas and Electricity. Residents report the shooting coming from Government-Held Zolote, a region captured by UAF in March, 2016, and report no Separatist Positions in their vicinity. Lugansk Reparation Team quickly arrived to restore Gas and Electricity distribution throughout Pervomaisk. Share this:
