ARTICLE

Jewish Pirates of the Caribbean October 25, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Brooding and bearded face shadowed by an odd hat, cutlass scars on his arms and a dark patch where his eye ought to be. The pirate is a familiar stereotype. Countless movies have worn him down to a smooth and unremarkable cliche. 
But what if that cliche has depths that have yet to be mined by the movie industry? 
That is the question that Israeli-American director Arnon Z. Shorr (Blood and Stone: A Legend of the Golem, A Modest Suggestion, Glimpse) has chosen to tap into with the Pirate Captain Toledano . Beneath the pirate's hat hides another sort of hat. A Jewish one. For the Pirate Captain Toledano is a Jewish pirate. What sort of Jew becomes a pirate and why? 
Touching on true history, that is one of the questions that Shorr's film proposes to answer. 
Recent years have seen growing interest in the history of Jewish pirates. And what initially seems absurd quickly becomes a fascinating exploration of how much of history is lost when legend becomes cliche. As a pioneering filmmaker, Arnon Z. Shorr has chosen to tackle this ambitious project with the aid of two vessels at the Ocean Institute, a dedicated cast and support from the public. 
Though the process of bringing the Pirate Captain Toledano from vision to reality has only begun, the journey has already been marked by fortuitous coincidences, including the discovery that cast member Stephen DeCordova (Captain Toledano) hailed from ancestors who were Jewish pirates and a treasured Kiddush cup in his possession, which likely dates back from those days, will play a key role in the story. 
Like the ocean, history has unseen depths and strange currents that can only be glimpsed from the right angle. Arnon Z. Shorr is currently laboring to bring up a lost piece of history from the deeps.
ARTICLE

Project Veritas: "I've Known the President Since He Was a Community Organizer in Chicago" October 26, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Another great video from Project Veritas that shows you just how blurred the lines between politics and organized crime have become. 
The latest of the Project Veritas videos shows once again that it's all one integrated system, despite any protests to the contrary. The same Democratic machine that spouts off about "dark money" lives on it, breathes it and thrives on it. And will take it no matter how dark and dubious it is, whether it's routed from foreign interests, through foreign institutions and through roundabout ways. 
The system runs of money, on power and favors traded and influence bought and sold. For all the leftist politics on the surface, beneath the waters is the murkier tide in which folks like the Clintons swim. It's the dark water in which money gets you access to Hillary or Obama. In which the royal courts of the royal left are filled with power brokers who do the things that make the money move around.
ARTICLE

They Knew: The End of the Clinton Lies Begins There's only one lie left. October 27, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. 
During Hillary Clinton's first presidential campaign, Neera Tanden was described as 'the wonk behind Hillary.' A close associate of the Clintons, Tanden helped shape policy for both Bill and Hillary. Then she switched to playing that role for Obama. 
While Hillary's email scandal broke, Tanden was in charge of the Center for American Progress, a radical left-wing group that had been described as "Obama's Idea Factory." And she was chatting with John Podesta, the top Clintonite who had founded CAP. Podesta had co-chaired the Obama-Biden Transition Project. Neera Tanden would co-chair the Hillary-Kaine Transition Project under Podesta who headed up Hillary's presidential campaign. Podesta had helped shape the last eight years of national politics through Obama and Tanden looked forward to shaping the next eight under Hillary. 
And what did they think of Hillary? Did they believe their defenses of her wrongdoing? 
Podesta and Tanden ridiculed her associates for the cover-up. 'Why didn't they get this stuff out like 18 months ago? So crazy,' she wondered. 'Unbelievable,' Podesta wrote. 'They wanted to get away with it.' 
Since the early days of the email scandal, we've been treated to the sordid rituals of feigned innocence. The issue was a non-issue, Clinton surrogates were quick to assure us. And even if it was, no one did anything wrong. The flies on the wall knew better though and now we can all be the flies on the wall. 
Away from the cameras and the briefings, the Clintonites held their bosses in contempt. Neera Tanden, a supposed close associate of Hillary, blasted her instincts as 'suboptimal' and described her as suffering from a character problem. And there was never any doubt as to what was going on. 
Tanden ridiculed Cheryl Mills for the mess. Mills fired off an email to Podesta warning that Obama's denial wouldn't hold up. 'We need to clean this up -- he has emails from her -- they do not say state.gov,' she warned. 
Obama had offered his usual denial claiming to have only learned about the scandal from the media. The revelation that Hillary had emailed Obama from her illegal address would show that he had lied. But meanwhile his people struggled to reinvent his lie by claiming that while he knew about her illegal address, he didn't know that it was illegal. This put his lie in line with Hillary's lie. 
There was only one problem. 
When in doubt, the Clintons take refuge in the final lie that you may be able to prove that they did wrong, but not that they meant to do wrong. That was Hillary's final email defense to the FBI. Spliced with claims of memory loss due to a concussion was that old Sergeant Schultz favorite, 'I know nothing.' 
But that defense completely falls apart once you prove that they did know. That is what the leaked emails have begun doing. They are establishing that the Sergeant Schultz defense is utterly hollow. 
Cheryl Mills knew. John Podesta knew. Barack Obama knew. And Hillary Clinton knew. 
When Obama told a lie that could easily be disproven while trying to distance himself from Hillary, Mills quickly fired off a warning that he had better get his story straight. And his people did. That makes Obama complicit before and after the fact. He knew what Hillary was doing when she was doing it. And his people participated in the effort to cover it up afterward, not just to protect her, but to protect him. 
Hillary Clinton was not a rogue actor. She was part of an administration that had waged a war on transparency. Even media allies had dubbed it as the least transparent administration in history. 
Lies, censorship and targeting whistleblowers were the norm for Obama Inc. A New York Times reporter dubbed it, 'The greatest enemy of press freedom in a generation.' The Washington Post noted that the, 'Obama administration routinely makes a mockery of its long-ago pledge to establish itself as the most transparent administration in U.S. history.' The AP pointed out that it, 'more often than ever censored government files or outright denied access to them.' 
Bizarre administration email dodges included EPA boss Lisa Jackson using Richard Windsor as her alias. Jackson/Windsor left the EPA and took a seat on the board of the Clinton Foundation. 
Tanden and Podesta didn't take issue with Hillary Clinton breaking the law, but with her clumsy political instincts, her inability to fake sincere apologies and spin scandals as smoothly as Obama. Hillary's biggest flaw in their eyes was her clumsiness at covering up acts that were routine in in Obamaworld. They didn't despise her because she broke the law, but because she was bad at it. 
That made her a threat to their political futures. 
Hillary's clumsy instincts led her to the point of having to admit what she did while denying having intended to do it. Motive is simultaneously the strongest and weakest defense. You can prove what someone else did, but it is hard to prove what someone else meant to do. 
Unless you have their emails. 
This is Hillary's firewall. It's what every painful trickle of the scandal was meant to drag out and delay. Every partial revelation is buying time while bringing us closer to the final breach in the motive wall. 
What the Podesta emails tell us is that they knew. Those around Hillary knew. And those around them knew that the inner circle knew. They knew and they hated Hillary for being a bad liar. And now, as the inside drama of Clintonworld spills across the internet, the red queen moves closer to being in check. 
By making it all about motive, Hillary Clinton turned personal communications, particularly emails, into the key instrument of culpability. That is why Podesta's emails are such a hot commodity. It's why her emails are becoming an even bigger prize. 
Neera Tanden was right. Hillary Clinton's political instincts are suboptimal. She is the member of the Obama graduating class voted least likely to be able to lie convincingly on national television. And she has a perverse knack for dragging everyone around her into her scandals while exposing their own. 
We know that her people knew that she lied. We know that Obama lied. All that's left is her final lie.
ARTICLE

Search Election Law Violation Was Hillary's Idea Orders to use Donald Duck to foment violence at Trump rallies came straight from the top. October 27, 2016 Matthew Vadum 
Democrat Hillary Clinton personally authorized illegal dirty tricks operations against Republican Donald Trump's campaign, according to top Democrats appearing in undercover video. 
In the third Hillary-related video released by ACORN slayer James O'Keefe and his Project Veritas Action Fund this past Sunday (Oct. 23), Clinton is directly implicated in a scheme to use Donald Duck to mock Trump and troll his supporters at Trump campaign rallies. 
Among Disney cartoon characters Donald Duck was a natural choice. After all, his name used to appear regularly on voter registration documents when Bill and Hillary Clinton's favorite community organizing group, the now-defunct ACORN, hired hobos and felons to go on voter-registration drives. 
Earlier this year Democrats in Donald Duck costumes started appearing at Trump events across America. Costumed individuals would walk around carrying signs. One said, 'Trump ducks releasing his tax return.' 
This cutesy publicity stunt isn't necessarily the problem, though. The problem is that Hillary Clinton ordered it and apparently broke the law by coordinating with a tax-exempt nonprofit group. 
Prominent in the video is political organizer Robert Creamer who is very high up in the Democratic Party's hierarchy. He has reportedly visited the Obama White House 342 times, including 47 meetings with Obama personally. 
One of the visits took place in Obama's personal living quarters. 
'It's a very big deal that Creamer visited the president's residence in the White House,' a former senior White House employee told FrontPage in an interview. 'White House employees can work there for years and never visit the residence.' 
Creamer, a practitioner of the agitation arts taught by Marxist community organizing guru Saul Alinsky, is husband tof Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-Ill.), a socialist and advocate of single-payer health care. Creamer is considered by many to be the legislative architect of Obamacare. He also wrote a series of bad checks to cover his salary at a nonprofit and went to prison. Prosecutors wanted to send him up the river for 37 months but he got off with merely five months and 11 months of home confinement from a friendly Democrat judge. 
Creamer is a founder of the unsavory political consulting firm Democracy Partners . The list of 'partners' on the company's website is a who's who of elite Democratic Party power players. 
In addition to Creamer, the partners are: 
Midwest Academy founder Heather Booth ; website developer Marc Cerabona ; organizer Wyatt Closs ; SEIU veteran Mac D'Alessandro ; Maccabee Group founder Brett C. Di Resta ; CrossCurrents Foundation co-founder Ken Grossinger ; former Media Matters for America online organizer David Grossman ; former SEIU national field director for politics John Hennelly ; strategic communications advisor Marilyn Katz ; organizer Jackie Kendall ; strategist Lupe Lopez ; political consultant Mike Lux ; strategic advisor Josie Mooney ; consultant Patrick Pannett ; organizer Christine Pelosi (her mother is House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi); USAction president Khalid Pitts ; former DNC general counsel Joe Sandler ; consultant Linda Saucedo ; fundraiser Renee Schaeffer ; former New Organizing Institute senior fellow Joel Silberman ; and organizer Cheri Whiteman . 
Listed as 'associates' are Lauren Windsor , executive director of American Family Voices, and Aaron Black , who appears in the undercover videos. Black describes himself in the footage as 'basically deputy rapid response director for the DNC on the ground at Trump events,' adding 'nobody's supposed to know about me.' 
(FrontPage published an article yesterday examining Democracy Partners.) 
For a master practitioner of fascistic tactics, Creamer is amazingly lacking in self-awareness (or just plain dishonest). He wrote a fatuous, ahistorical op-ed in the Huffington Post earlier this year titled 'Can Fascism Triumph in America?' 
'Like other fascist movements, Trump says out loud -- and legitimates -- the kind of hateful, violent language that was previously whispered only in the privacy of people's living rooms.' 
Bear in mind that quite apart from his mischaracterization of Trump's public statements, Creamer is shown in the videos masterminding an elaborate criminal conspiracy involving the use of targeted political violence against political opponents. 
Fomenting and carrying out acts of violence against political opponents was what the fascist Third Reich did, using the Sturmabteiling or S.A., also called brown shirts and storm troopers. Ditto for Mussolini's Squadristi (black shirts), Mao's Red Guards, Iran's Basij , and Haiti's Tonton Macoute . 
Creamer explains the Donald Duck action in the third video. 
'In the end, it was the candidate, Hillary Clinton, the future president of the United States, who wanted ducks on the ground,' Creamer says in one of several exchanges. 'So, by God, we would get ducks on the ground.' 
Creamer makes it clear he knows that this coordination between his consulting firm, Democracy Partners, and the campaign was a huge legal landmine when he said: 'Don't repeat that to anybody.' 
'The whole duck thing? That came about, the reason we moved it from DNC to [Americans United for Change] was to just do a hopscotch, but the actual idea was hatched way back in May,' Creamer associate Scott Foval said, making a pun. 
'The duck has to be an Americans United for Change entity,' Creamer said. 'This had to do only with some problem between [now acting DNC chief] Donna Brazile and ABC, which is owned by Disney, because they were worried about a trademark issue. That's why. It's really silly.' 
We originally launched this duck because Hillary Clinton wants the duck. In any case, so she really wanted this duck figure out there doing stuff, so that was fine. So, we put all these ducks out there and got a lot of coverage. And Trump taxes. And then ABC/Disney went crazy because they thought our original slogan was 'Donald ducks his taxes, releasing his tax returns.' 
Creamer is shown in the video hoping Disney would file a lawsuit against Democrats for using Donald Duck in the campaign, likely because such a thing would generate publicity. 
'Let them sue us. Please God,' he says, looking to the heavens and clasping his hands together as if in prayer. 'I doubt they will because we're paying to rent or buy the suits, that's where they get their license fees. We're not using it for commercial purposes.' 
The Wall Street Journal reported Aug. 18 that ''Donald ducks' was the creation of the Democratic National Committee.' Then on Sept. 8 the paper reported the DNC 'is no longer associated with the duck '¶ Americans United for Change is now managing the duck '¶' 
But out of public view the DNC and the Clinton campaign were still controlling the duck operation, breaking federal campaign coordination laws, O'Keefe says in narrating the third video. 
'We kind of divvy up responsibilities. So sometimes it will be, like, campaign owned,' said Jenna Price, assistant press secretary at the DNC. 'So sometimes you will see that they advised something, or they are taking credit for things. So, like, we aren't taking credit for the duck anymore. That's like, random ally groups. But it's still something that we're involved in.' 
Brad Woodhouse, president of Americans United for Change, expected the presence of the duck at events would spark violence. 'I think this duck is going to get roughed up somewhere.' 
In one segment, Foval says, 'I almost got punched on Monday morning, I mean, I was in a duck costume.' 
The nation's campaign coordination laws were enacted after President Richard Nixon's Watergate scandal, O'Keefe notes. 
For an activity to violate the law it must meet a three-part test, he explains. 
First, there must be payment by someone other than the candidate for election-related activity. Second, a campaign has to be materially involved in shaping communications for a third party group. And third, electoral advocacy has to take place close to an election. 
O'Keefe continues: 
The payment [prong of the test] is complicated but just the fact that Foval, a paid employee of Americans United for Change, was the duck at some events constitutes payment by AUfC. Conduct, based on their own admission the campaign, Creamer, their agent, and AUfC coordinated the duck activities. And finally content. 'Donald ducks' is undeniably political content directed against one candidate for the sole purpose of helping another. 
The fourth video, released yesterday, isn't so much an expose of wrongdoing but it does provide ample evidence of Creamer's ties to the Clinton campaign and to President Obama himself. 
In a phone call Creamer says 'I spend most of my time overseeing the Trump events around the country. I mean, that's what I do for the Clinton campaign, uh, so that's interesting as well.' 
In another scene when an undercover reporter phones saying he needs an immigration lawyer with powerful connections for a wealthy client in Syria, Creamer makes it clear he is happy to help by reaching out to Obama's inner circle. 
I just need to, I will try and find a couple of good referrals to you and get back to you pretty quick then. Okay? '¶ On the first, well, I'll just talk, the guy I'm going to talk to first, to see if this is up his alley, the first thing is up his alley. It's the guy who ran the campaign for President Obama. He has a firm that's pretty well connected. 
In another setting, Creamer says: 
Here's what I do for the Clinton campaign by the way. I'm a consultant to the Clinton campaign. Wherever Trump or Pence go in the country, we make sure that there are press events in the TV market or whatever '¶ whether they're big turnouts or little turnouts, whatever, that drive our message wherever the candidate goes to drive his message. So that on any given day they will be between them probably in six places. So our team makes sure there are events in all those six places every day. So it is a lot of events, and we try and help define the other candidate. 
'Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters,' added Creamer. 
He continued: 
I'm in this campaign mainly to deal with what, you know, earned media, with the television, radio. With earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising. There would be a whole different advertising '¶ everybody is driven on the same tracks, though. So then there are a couple, a bunch of people in the Brooklyn office [of the Clinton campaign] that are responsible for possible aspects of communication. Like, we do rapid response and there is a guy there I work with heavily, is the guy that I was just communicating with on that kind of stuff. For instance, we just found, I just sent him a note beforehand when we came here that said, 'My understanding is there might be another revelation of another woman talking about Trump this afternoon.' 
Creamer bragged again about his ties to President Obama. 
Oh Barack Obama's was the best campaign in the history of American politics, I mean the second one, I mean the first was good too. I was a consultant to both, the second one, was everything hit on every level and every aspect. 
Obama is 'a pro,' Creamer said. 'I've known the president since he was a community organizer in Chicago.' 
I was just at an event with him in Chicago actually, on Friday last. He is just as good as ever. I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the, the health care bill, trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues. 
The second video , released Oct. 18, was a primer on how Democrats get away with massive voter fraud. 
'It's a very easy thing for Republicans to say, well they're bussing people in,' said Scott Foval, then national field director for Americans United for Change. 
Well you know what? We've been bussing people in to deal with you fuckin' assholes for 50 years and we're not going to stop now 'ì we're just going to find a different way to do it. So, I mean I grew up with that idea. They used to bus people out to Iowa. If we needed people out there we'd bus people out to Iowa. 
In a discussion O'Keefe described as focusing on bringing people from one state to another state to vote illegally, Foval, who also worked as deputy political director at George Soros-funded People for the American Way (PfAW), explains how to get away with voter fraud. 
Instead of bussing people in, it is better to have them travel in their own personal vehicles, he said. 
Would they charge each individual of voter fraud? Or are they going to go after the facilitator for conspiracy, which they could prove? It's one thing if all these people drive up in their personal cars. If there's a bus involved? That changes the dynamic. 
'It's the legality, because you can prove conspiracy if there's a bus,' he said. 'If there are cars it's much harder to prove '¶ if there's enough money you have people drive their POVs [personally owned vehicles] or you can have them drive rentals.' 
Foval says it's easy to keep the voter fraud operation a secret. 'So you use shells. Use shell companies.' 
Democrats are untouchable, he said. 'The question is, whether when you get caught by a reporter, does that matter? Because does it turn into an investigation or not? In this case, this state, the answer is no, because they don't have any power to do anything.' 
Foval explained in the first video how pro-Clinton super PACs communicate with each other and how their information finds its way to the DNC, presumably a violation of federal law. 
'I guaran-damn-tee you that the people who run the super PACs all talk to each other and we and a few other people are the hubs of that communication.' 
'We're consultants,' Foval says, 'so we're not the official entity and so those conversations can be had between consultants who are working for different parts.' 
He adds: 
The thing that we have to watch is making sure there is a double blind between the actual campaign and the actual DNC and what we're doing. There's a double blind there. So they can plausibly deny that they knew anything about it. 
The Clinton campaign 'is fully in it,' veteran left-wing strategist Robert Creamer confirms on hidden camera. 'Hillary knows through the chain of command what's going on.' 
O'Keefe's group, Project Veritas Action Fund, filed a formal complaint against the Clinton campaign with the Federal Election Commission last week. 
The complaint states that Project Veritas: 
uncovered a criminal conspiracy where, in the words of Scott Foval, 'The way it works is: The [Hillary for America] campaign pays DNC, DNC pays Democracy Partners, Democracy Partners pays The Foval Group, The Foval Group goes and executes '¶ on the ground.' This has been done in a manner to evade federal election law and violating coordinated expenditures rules. 
The complaint also accuses Priorities USA Action, Alliance for Retired Americans, Americans United for Change, and the Democratic National Committee of accepting 'prohibited and excessive contributions in the form of coordinated expenditures' contrary to federal law and regulations. 
The first undercover video O'Keefe released sent shock waves through the political community. 
In that video , released Oct. 17, we learned that the frequent outbursts of violence at Republican candidate Trump's campaign rallies have been orchestrated and paid for by Clinton's campaign. 
The idea was to foment violent at Trump rallies in order to create the false impression that his campaign and supporters were violent crazy people and at the same time provide evidence to support the Left's predetermined narrative that the billionaire businessman is a dangerous fascist. 
Such behavior constitutes terrorism, Austin Bay writes at the Observer : 
Creamer ran what amounts to a domestic U.S. political terror and propaganda operation dedicated to undermining the 2016 U.S. presidential election'î'rigging the election,' to use the current term. ['¶] 
The election rigging scheme he commanded relies on street thuggery. That means physical fear'îterror'îis a core component of Americans United for Change's crooked enterprise. Street thuggery is very low-level terrorism, but it is a type of terrorism nonetheless and it is wrong to call it otherwise. Hardboy muscle, bottles and two by fours are street thuggery's kinetics. Bottles and baseball bats are not Al Qaeda's high explosives'îbut they incite fear and when they crack heads they cause casualties. People bleed. Street thuggery as an arm of politics is violent, criminalized politics on an ugly downward slope to much worse, the worse including lynchings and pogroms. If you don't think street thuggery is terror then consider Kristalnacht. 
And O'Keefe isn't finished with the Hillary Clinton campaign yet. 
'Our lawyers won't let us release all our @HillaryClinton & DNC footage[,]'O'Keefe tweeted Tuesday. 'For those demanding full raw [footage], be VERY careful what you wish for.'
ARTICLE

Realism About the Jihad Threat in Oklahoma Oklahoma State Rep. John Bennett ventures where few dare to tread. October 27, 2016 Robert Spencer 
In an age of near-universal denial and willful ignorance at the highest levels about the ideological roots, nature and magnitude of the jihad threat, it is as unusual as it is refreshing to find lawmakers at any level who are willing to approach the problem honestly. State Representative John Bennett of Oklahoma, a Marine and combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan , is one of an all-too-rare breed. 
On Tuesday, Bennett held an 'Interim Study' on 'the current threat posed by radical Islam and the effect that Shariah Law, the Muslim Brotherhood and jihadist indoctrination have in the radicalization process in Oklahoma and America.' In his request to hold this study, he explained: 'This will be a study of the current threat posed by radical Islam and the effect that Shariah Law, the Muslim Brotherhood and jihadist indoctrination have in the radicalization process in Oklahoma and America.' 
This kind of study should have been held not just in the Oklahoma House of Representatives, but in the U.S. House, and Senate as well. That such an idea is inconceivable is an indication of the fix we're in. And the situation is only marginally better in Oklahoma: nowadays the misinformation and disinformation about what we're up against is so universal that anywhere the truth is told about this threat, there is significant pushback from the allies and enablers of jihad and Islamic supremacism. 
And so it was in Tulsa on Tuesday. The interim study featured testimony by former FBI agent John Guandolo and Chris Gaubatz, whose exploits as an undercover agent infiltrating the Hamas-linked Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) are chronicled in the eye-opening book Muslim Mafia . 
Gaubatz and Guandolo presented evidence, including land records, showing that the Islamic Society of Greater Oklahoma City (ISGOC) is owned by the Muslim Brotherhood group the North American Islamic Trust (NAIT), that both CAIR, which has an active chapter in Oklahoma City, and ISGOC are Muslim Brotherhood organizations, and that CAIR has extensive ties to the jihad terror group Hamas, which styles itself the Muslim Brotherhood for Palestine. They pointed out that since Imad Enchassi, the imam of ISGOC, is a Palestinian and has all these ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, he likely also has links to Hamas. 
Guandolo and Gaubatz did not base their case on innuendo and hearsay. They laid out FBI evidence, Muslim Brotherhood documents, and more, demonstrating that the claims they were making were based on solid evidence. 
Predictably, however, the mainstream media, which we now know beyond any shadow of a doubt is simply and solely a propaganda arm for the Left and the Democratic Party , focused entirely on the presence of Adam Soltani of CAIR-OK and Enchassi. The Tulsa World ran a piece with the hysterical headline 'State representative brands CAIR-OK, its director and a local imam as terrorists.' It quoted Soltani raging against Bennett: 'Rep. Bennett is shamefully wasting taxpayer money to promote his own biased agenda. This hearing was a new low for Rep. Bennett, as his guests presented a biased narrative that achieves nothing more than demonizing and marginalizing the Oklahoma Muslim community.' 
The World magisterially told its readers that 'CAIR is a Muslim civil liberties and advocacy group working to enhance the understanding of Islam.' It didn't see fit to mention that CAIR is an unindicted co-conspirator in a Hamas terror funding case 'î so named by the Justice Department. There was not a word in the World report about how CAIR officials have repeatedly refused to denounce Hamas and Hizballah as terrorist groups. Several former CAIR officials have been convicted of various crimes related to jihad terror . CAIR's cofounder and longtime Board chairman (Omar Ahmad), as well as its chief spokesman (Ibrahim Hooper), have made Islamic supremacist statements . (Ahmad denies this, but the original reporter stands by her story .) A California chapter distributed a poster telling Muslims not to talk to the FBI, and a Florida chapter distributed pamphlets with the same message . CAIR has opposed virtually every anti-terror measure that has been proposed or implemented and has been declared a terror organization by the United Arab Emirates. 
But the Tulsa World and other mainstream media outlets that covered Bennett's study did not see fit to inform their readers of any of that; instead, predictably enough, they portrayed the hearing as a baseless exercise in race-baiting and fearmongering conducted by a politician up for reelection. 
John Bennett, and the people of Oklahoma, deserve better. There are legitimate questions about CAIR and ISGOC; Bennett dared to raise them Tuesday; for that, he is being subjected to a media lynching that is cynically designed to obscure the genuine concerns he raised 'ì yet ever since a member of ISGOC beheaded a coworker in 2014, these concerns are more urgent than ever. 
The media enablers of jihad must be decisively repudiated. Please email the Speaker of the Oklahoma House, Jeff W. Hickman, politely and courteously expressing your support for John Bennett and requesting that his hearing be just the first of a series. His email is [email protected] and his phone number is (405) 557-7339. 
John Bennett has yet again stuck his neck out for freedom. In these hard times, those who are willing to do that have to hang together.
ARTICLE

Our New Country: Women And Minorities Hit Hardest The rape culture the media won't cover. October 27, 2016 Ann Coulter Every ethnic group except whites bloc-votes for the Democrats. Coincidentally, the Democrats have brought in another 30 to 40 million nonwhite immigrants in the last few decades. It doesn't help that white voters can't agree on what constitutes an acceptable candidate. In 2012, working-class whites sat out the election, rather than vote for the out-of-touch rich guy they saw in Mitt Romney. This year, the out-of-touch rich guys say they'll vote for Hillary because Trump is tacky and gross. The sad irony is that the only people who will be better off in our new country are mostly white plutocrats -- the top .01 percent. The rest of us will be their servants. The people who will be worse off are everybody else -- the working class, the middle class (who will soon be working class) and, most of all, women, minorities, children, the elderly, the weakest and most vulnerable members of society. Look to Mexico for your future -- or any Third World country. Or to Univision's Jorge Ramos. The ruling class in Mexico is composed of European-looking, white descendants of Spanish conquistadors who raped the native population, giving them only their Spanish names in return. (British settlers in America brought women with them.) Explaining Latino culture's acceptance of incest and child rape, criminal justice researcher Shana Maier writes in a book about rape that "the male is the head of the household, and women are subordinate to men. ... Hispanics and Latinos are more likely than other racial/ethnic groups to blame the victim. The victim, not the perpetrator, is blamed for bringing dishonor to the family.' One American detective said that, today, police are being taught to keep an "open mind" about child rape because "it's a cultural thing.' When it comes to multiculturalism, you can't say, We love the empanadas -- but we don't want 40-year-old men raping their nieces. This isn't an a la carte menu. We get ALL the attributes of the cultures we're importing. As described in excruciating detail in Adios, America: The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole , our media already have a totally "open mind" about incest and child rape -- and murder! -- when it's committed by immigrants. Thus, for example, where I would have chosen the headline: "Illegal Alien Convicted of Incest, Child Rape," The Chattanooga (Tenn.) Times Free Press went with the less catchy: "Man guilty in case of human smuggling.' And where I would have used the headline, "Illegal Alien Repeatedly Raped 14-year-old Girl at Job Site," The Commercial Dispatch in Columbus, Mississippi, went with the more subtle, "Columbus resident charged with molestation.' Immigrant women arrive in America, thrilled to have escaped cultures where rape, incest and spousal murder are acceptable, only to discover that those crimes are perfectly acceptable in this country, too -- provided the perpetrator is from the very culture they fled. In 1989, Brooklyn judge Edward Pincus sentenced a Chinese immigrant to probation for a premeditated murder of his wife, on the grounds that the murder flowed from "traditional Chinese values about adultery and loss of manhood." The female head of the Asian-American Legal Defense and Education Fund, Margaret Fung, applauded the ruling. Somewhat amazingly, newspapers are more likely to report black crime than immigrant crime. (Anything to keep the Third World immigration flowing!) In 2013, a 13-year-old girl was gang-raped by about a dozen illegal aliens, who cheered and videoed the attack. When the news first broke, Shaneequa Jupiter, who lived with her children in the apartment building where the gang rape occurred, complained that neither the police nor apartment security had warned residents about the danger. (That could reflect poorly on illegal immigrants!) Even if Shaneequa had scoured the headlines, she would have been on the lookout for "Austin men." Or "Two.' Compare these headlines about the same brutal sexual attack: -- "Two held in attack on child" -- Austin American-Statesman (Texas), July 19, 2013 -- "Two Mexicans placed on immigration detainers as third man is arrested over five-day gang rape hell of teenage runaway during which she smoked crack" -- Daily Mail Online (UK), July 24, 2013 Needless to say, The New York Times did not cover the Mexican illegal alien gang rape at all. By contrast, the Times, and every major American news outlet, extensively covered another gang rape -- of a girl about the same age, at about the same time, in about the same place. The second case only was "rape" because of the girl's young age -- she was 11. But she was an enthusiastic participant, sneaking out of her house at night to meet the men for sex. Those rapes, just a few years earlier, got a full-court press. The defendants were African-American. The victim was Mexican. That time, there were articles in the Huffington Post, GQ, Slate, Salon and Mother Jones. It even made The New York Times, despite no connection to a college fraternity or lacrosse team. Similarly, within a few months of one another in 2013, two men were arrested in separate child rape cases in Decatur, Alabama, for assaults on 9-year-old girls. One suspect was African-American, the other was a Hispanic immigrant. Only one made the newspaper. Guess which one? When excitable Muslims raped American reporter Lara Logan in Tahrir Square (another one of Hillary's foreign policy successes!), journalists immediately set to work to find the shortest line from the Muslim rapists to white American men. Conclusion: The real problem was the female reporters' American bosses and colleagues. (Definitely not Islam!) Sampling of New York Times commentary on Logan's rape: -- "Why We Need Women in War Zones" ("I would never tell my bosses for fear that they might keep me at home the next time something major happened. ... This attack also had nothing to do with Islam.') -- "Reporting While Female" ("Women reporters face another set of challenges. We are often harassed in ways that male colleagues are not. ... In my experience, Muslim countries were not the worst places for sexual harassment.') Perhaps American men could do better, but, as American women may soon discover: They never had it so good. Manifestly, the purpose of our immigration policies is not to help Americans -- or the immigrants who wanted to live in a place like America. They are designed to funnel welfare-dependent voters to the Democrats and cheap labor to the rich. (The Chinese immigrant who got probation for murdering his wife, for example, came to America based on his specialized skill of being a dishwasher.) Our country will be Zimbabwe, but -- if all goes according to the Democrats' plan -- they'll get to be Mugabe! That's Hillary's dream. If she wins, Joe Sobran's parody of the typical New York Times headline (about anything) will come true: "Women and Minorities Hit Hardest.'
ARTICLE

Reprinted from Palestinian Media Watch . 
Fatah has posted several children's drawings on Facebook. The drawings clearly show the success of PA and Fatah brainwashing children to believe that Israel only seeks to harm them, violence is good and that all of Israel really is "Palestine." Labeling the drawings "innocent drawings" that "express the feelings of children of #Palestine," Fatah posted the drawing above showing Israel, as indicated by a Star of David, eating a Palestinian body wrapped in the Palestinian flag. Blood is seen coming from the body, and a glass of blood is next to the plate.Another drawing by a Palestinian child showed a crucified woman wearing the colors of the Palestinian flag, with her body in the shape of the PA map of "Palestine" that presents all of Israel as "Palestine" together with the PA areas. The crucifixion also repeats the analogy that Palestinians are Martyr victims like Jesus . Yet other drawings showed support for violence as legitimate means of Palestinian opposition to Israel. One child drew a Palestinian with a slingshot, another drew a hand with a rifle (see below). These drawings echo the PA and Fatah's encouragement of the use of violence against Israel and their glorification of terrorists as heroes. Palestinian Media Watch documented that summer camps organized by the PA Ministry of Education and the PLO educated children to see terrorist stabbers as role models . 
Other drawings repeated the world view that all of Israel is "Palestine," showing the PA map of "Palestine" which completely erases the existence of Israel and its legitimacy (see below). This message is repeated endlessly by the PA and Fatah. Children are told that " it will all return to us " on kids' TV programs. The PA National Security Forces regularly post photos from all over Israel presenting the places as "Palestine," and even crossword puzzles portray Israeli cities as "occupied Palestine." 
The PA's exploitation of Palestinian children's innocence is precisely what PMW has been highlighting and warning about for years. The PA and Fatah repeatedly demonize Israel as a monster whose only intention is to harm Palestinians. Israel is " Satan with a tail " on PA TV children's programs and " Satan's project " fighting "Allah's project" in sermons delivered by Mahmoud Abbas' advisor. Similarly, Palestinian terrorist murderers are being portrayed as innocent victims of alleged Israeli " executions ." A few of the drawings included doves, some calling for "peace and freedom." A major focus of Palestinian Authority policy today is to demand freedom for all imprisoned Palestinian terrorists including murderers. One drawing specifies "Freedom for Ahmad Manasrah" - a child terrorist who stabbed and critically wounded two Israelis, one of them a 13-year-old boy.
ARTICLE

45 Weird Bans on Women in Iran Gender apartheid in the Islamic Republic. October 27, 2016 Dr. Majid Rafizadeh 
Under Iran's Islamic laws, women are prohibited from performing basic day-to-day activities. I had firsthand experience of witnessing many of these strange and bizarre bans while living in Iran and other Muslim countries. Millions of women, including my relatives in Iran and Syria, continue to face these injustices. Some of the following rules, which are derived from Iran's Islamic constitution and moral police codes, were recently reported on by Deutsche Welle Farsi . They exist in may other Islamic countries as well: 
1. Women are prohibited from taking selfies with soccer players. Specifically, Iran's 'moral committee' has banned women from taking selfies with famous soccer players. 
2. Iranian women are prohibited from riding bicycles. Iran's Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, recently issued an Islamic fatwa regarding officially banning women from riding bicycles. He argued that "riding bicycles often attracts the attention of men and exposes the society to corruption, and thus contravenes women's chastity, and it must be abandoned,' according to Iran's state-run media. 
3. Coffee shops are prohibited from hiring women. According to Iran's police, women are banned from working in any caf√©s. 
4. Iranian Muslim women cannot marry non-Muslim men. But Iranian Muslim men can marry non-Muslim women. 
5. It is forbidden for women to wear boots over their pants. (Why? I am not sure what is Iran's Islamic logic behind this.) 
6. Women are not allowed to wear hats instead of veils to cover their hair. 
7. Women are not allowed to wear tight clothes that show their body curves. 
8. Women are prohibited from wearing tight clothes for swimming. 
9. Women are forbidden from changing their religion or criticizing Muhammad, Allah, the Supreme Leader and other Muslim leaders. 
10. Women are prohibited from entering sport stadiums and watching men's sports. 
11. In Iran, buses and subways are divided in two sections. The larger front section is for men, the smaller back section is for women. Women are prohibited from entering the men's section even if there are no seats left in the back and there are plenty of empty seats in front of the bus. 
12. According to Iran's moral police, women are banned from wearing leggings. 
13. Women are prohibited from showing strands of their hair on any side. Article 683 states: 'Those women that appear in the streets and public places without the Islamic hijab, shall be sentenced from ten days to two months' imprisonment or fined from fifty thousand to five hundred thousand Rials.' 
14. Women are banned from going camping with men. 
15. Any kind of contraceptive surgery is not allowed for women. 
16. Women are banned from entering coffeehouses or smoking hookah. 
17. Women are not allowed to initiate divorce. Men have the right to do so. 
18. According to Iran's family code, women cannot travel abroad except with the permission of their custodian or natural guardian (husband, father, etc.). They also cannot obtain a passport without the consent of their husbands. 
19. Women are banned from wearing clothes with writing on them. 
20. Women are banned from taking their hijab off in any sport event, including in the Olympics. 
21. Iranian women are prohibited from pursuing education in some academic fields. Iranian regime's oil minister argued that 'education of women in the field of operations such as drilling and processing and so on that require (physical) activities in operational areas and sites is useless and these are masculine (men's) jobs.' 
22. Women are not allowed to work in any occupation if their husband disagrees with it. Article 1105 of the Civil Code states, 'In relations between husband and wife, the position of the head of the family exclusively belongs to the husband.' In addition, when it comes to employment laws, Article 1117 of the Civil Code indicates, 'The husband can prevent his wife from an occupation or technical profession which is incompatible with the family's interests or the dignity of him or his wife.' 
23. Women are banned from receiving the same amount of inheritance as their male relatives. Even if a husband dies, the wife will receive only one-eighth of the inheritance if she has a child. 
24. Women are forbidden from having any physical contact with men, including shaking hands. 
25. Women are banned from becoming a Supreme Leader. 
26. Girls, as young as 9 years old, are not allowed to object to their parents decision to marry them off. 
27. Women are not allowed to object to their husband's requests for sex. The law of Tamkin means women's submission, obedience, full accessibility and unhampered sexual availability to her husband. Sexual availability is considered a woman's duty and a man's right. 
28. Women are not allowed to bring lawsuits if they are raped, unless they have four witnesses. 
29. Women are banned from socializing or dating men. 
30. Women are banned from attracting attention in public through 'flamboyant behavior' such as laughing loudly. 
31. Women are not allowed to show any part of their skin except the face. It is encouraged to cover the face as well. 
32. Women are not allowed to have any kind of alcoholic drinks. 
33. Women are not allowed to dance. 
34. Women are forbidden from being lesbian. Sex between two women is adultery and the punishments range from stoning to execution. 
35. Women are banned from listening to 'forbidden' music. 
36. Women are not allowed to have pets, such as a dog. 
37. Women are banned from adopting except if they have a husband and he agrees to do so. 
38. Women are prohibited from gambling in any kind of event. 
39. Women are banned from having sex or marrying a man up to five or six months after their divorce. 
40. Women are prohibited from having tattoos. 
41. Women are not allowed to have premarital relationships with men. 
42. In many of Iran's provinces, women are banned from performing music on stage. 
43. Women are banned from being judges. 
44. Women are banned from striking their husband, but men are allowed to do so in some circumstances. 
45. Women are not allowed to show their jewelry in public. 
Some women continue to defy these rules, but many face severe punishment and discrimination for performing some of these normal day-to-day activities. We need to raise our voice in helping Muslim women in Iran and other Muslim countries who desire to experience freedom, social justice, equality, and do not want to be subjugated, dehumanized, treated as second class citizens, or solely as sexual toys for men.
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton Tops "Islamist Money in Politics" List   
There are some very dubious awards out there that you just don't want to win. Being one of the top recipients of Islamic money in politics certainly tops that list. Hillary Clinton likes to complain about dark money. This is as dark as money gets. As the Middle East Forum's research shows . 
Hillary Clinton tops the list, raking in $41,165 from prominent Islamists. This includes $19,249 from senior officials of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), declared a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates on November 15, 2014. 
For example, Mrs. Clinton has accepted $3,900 from former CAIR vice-chairman Ahmad Al-Akhras, who has defended numerous Islamists in Ohio indicted 'ì and later convicted 'ì on terrorism charges. 
Among other current presidential candidates, Jill Stein has accepted $250. Donald Trump and Gary Johnson have not received any Islamist money. 
Other top recent recipients of money from the enemy include Rep. Keith Ellison ($17,370) and Rep. Andre Carson ($13,225). 
The top ten list includes nine Democrats, one independent (Sen. Bernie Sanders accepted $9,285), and no Republicans. 
I don't think that's too surprising to anyone. Though you have to feel sorry for Jill Stein. She hates Israel and announced she wouldn't have killed Osama bin Laden. What's a girl gotta do to get ahead on Jihad Street anyway?
ARTICLE

Obama Used Religious Test to Favor Muslims Over Christians   
We saw the statistical outcomes with the refugee numbers where the vast majority of Syrian refugees were Muslims with hardly any Christians at all. Now we have a snapshot of how that same bias worked with jobs. 
According to an email chain from 2008, John Podesta received lists of exclusively Muslims and Asians to be considered for jobs in the Obama administration. The email chain revealed that in this process, Middle Eastern Christians were purposefully excluded, or set aside in a separate list, with an aide writing, 
In the candidates for top jobs, I excluded those with some Arab American background but who are not Muslim (e.g., George Mitchell). Many Lebanese Americans, for example, are Christian. In the last list (of outside boards/commissions), most who are listed appear to be Muslim American, except that a handful (where noted) may be Arab American but of uncertain religion (esp. Christian). 
Remember all that outrage over how un-American religious tests are? Religious tests that preference Muslims are how Obama Inc. does business. 
Note especially the "uncertain religion" part. This is how religious tests work.
ARTICLE

Bill Clinton Inc: Billions for the Foundation, $116 Million for the Clintons October 27, 2016 
Call it the unintended revenge of Doug Band. 
Band used to be Bill's Huma, the guy that the big guy couldn't go to the bathroom without, let alone perform the simplest tasks. The Clinton Foundation was a Band project. The waters grew murkier, but the recent email leaks revealed a rather devastating Doug Band memo on how he was making money for the whole infrastructure of what he called, running Bill Clinton Inc. 
And Band was also organizing personal income directly for Clinton. Under the heading, 'For-Profit Activity of President Clinton (i.e. Bill Clinton, Inc.),' Band wrote, 'We have dedicated our selves to helping the President secure and engage in for-profit activities'îincluding speeches, books, and advisory service engagements'¶ In support of the President's for-profit activity, we also have solicited and obtained, as appropriate, in-kind services for the President and his family'îfor personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like. Neither Justin nor I are separately compensated for these activities (e.g., we do not receive a fee for, or percentage of, the more than $50 million in for-profit activity we have personally helped to secure for President Clinton to date or the $66 million in future contracts, should he choose to continue with those engagements).' 
Band mentions four such 'arrangements' without naming them. Bill Clinton was paid nearly $18 million to be 'honorary chancellor' of a for-profit college, Laureate International Universities, according to reports and the family's tax returns. A Dubai-based firm, GEMS Education, paid Bill Clinton more than $560,000 in 2015, according to the tax returns. Band also lists a variety of speaking fees, previously disclosed by the Clintons, including hundreds of thousands of dollars each from UBS, Ericsson, BHP and Barclays. In 2011 alone, according to the Clinton's tax returns, Bill Clinton earned $13,454,000 in speaking fees. 
Of course there was lots of "synergy" between the for profit stuff and the non profit stuff, between Doug's Teneo interests and the entire Clintonworld octopus. 
"We have dedicated ourselves to helping the President secure and engage in for-profit activities," Band wrote. He also said he had "sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo, to support and to raise funds for the foundation." 
Band's memo provided data showing how much money each of Teneo's 20 clients at the time had given to the Clinton Foundation, how much they had paid Bill Clinton and, in some cases, how he or Kelly had personally forged the relationships that resulted in the payments. 
Band wrote that Teneo partners had raised in excess of $8 million for the foundation and $3 million in paid speaking fees for Bill Clinton. He said he had secured contracts for the former president that would pay out $66 million over the subsequent nine years if the deals remained in place. 
Band also described how Kelly helped expand a fruitful relationship with UBS Global Wealth Management, introducing Bill Clinton to a top executive at a 2009 charity dinner. In the ensuing years, UBS upped its giving to the foundation, signed on as a Teneo client and agreed to pay Bill Clinton for speeches, Band wrote. 
Band was actually making the case that the entire network of the Clinton Foundation is completely entangled with the private financial interests of the Clintons. Not to mention the interests of people around them. 
Banks and major corporations were doing business with Bill's toady, paying Bill money and donating to the Clinton Foundation through arrangements made by the party of the first part, 
Band described in the memo how he combined his work for CGI and Teneo. He wrote that he had used a hotel room upstairs from the 2011 CGI gathering to meet with Teneo clients. He also acknowledged giving free CGI memberships to "target Teneo clients" being cultivated as potential foundation donors. Memberships generally cost $20,000 a year. 
Teneo, meanwhile, named Bill Clinton its "honorary chairman." Clinton had been initially tapped for a three-year arrangement in which he would provide advice to Teneo "regarding geopolitical, economic and social trends," according to a separate June 2011 memo that Band wrote to the State Department seeking ethics approval for the former president's employment. 
Bill Clinton was initially paid $2 million by Teneo, according to "Man of the World," a book written with the former president's participation by author Joe Conason. 
And here's where it gets appropriately entertaining. 
But Band outlined that Kelly, his Teneo co-founder, had served simultaneously between 2009 and 2011 as an unpaid economic envoy to Northern Ireland appointed by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and as head of a separate consulting company whose clients included Coke, UBS and Dow. Band wrote that the arrangement was consistent with Kelly's State Department ethics agreement. 
Kelly's multiple roles came together during one State Department event in 2010, when then-Secretary Clinton recognized Dow, among other companies, for creating jobs in Northern Ireland and thanked Kelly for his work on the issue. 
Dow became one of Teneo's first major clients. According to Band's memo, Dow chief executive Andrew Liveris had been introduced to Bill Clinton over a round of golf with Kelly in August 2009. 
That's not consistent with mafia ethics agreements, but it's all good in Clintonworld.
ARTICLE

Wife of FBI Official Investigating Hillary Got $500K from Hillary Allied PAC October 27, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
The system is broken. It's deeply corrupted by insider politics . The situation at the center of power has reached the point of utter unaccountability. Insider politics function as a shadow government. That needs to change. Restoring America requires dismantling much of the Federal government not only for Constitutional reasons, but because it's a simple matter of saving the Republic. 
Hillary Clinton headlined a major fundraiser for a political action committee shortly before the group steered nearly $500,000 to the wife of the FBI official who oversaw the Clinton email investigation, DailyMail.com has learned. 
Clinton's ties to the Common Good VA - a Virginia state PAC run by Clinton's long-time friend and advisor Terry McAuliffe, its governor - came under scrutiny this week after the Wall Street Journal reported that the group donated heavily to the state senate campaign of Jill McCabe. 
Her husband Andrew McCabe led the FBI investigation into Clinton's emails. 
Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI, told the Wall Street Journal that he complied with federal ethics rules and was not promoted to lead the Clinton probe until months after his wife's unsuccessful state senate bid ended. 
Common Good VA was the largest single donor to Jill McCabe's campaign, election records show, giving her $467,000 between June and October of 2015. 
She was the third-largest recipient of money from the group, which can only contribute to Virginia state candidates. 
Her campaign also received an additional $207,788 from the Democratic Party of Virginia, a group over which McAuliffe exerts significant control. Combined, the money made up nearly one-third of her total funding. 
Now McCabe, a pediatrician, suddenly decided to run for public office. Unopposed. That was certainly nice of the Dems to not only put a first timer unopposed, but to throw piles and piles of cash at her. And some of that cash was coming from a key former Clinton Foundation man at the center of the latest Foundation scandal. 
Although Common Good VA is only allowed to fund state-level candidates, many of its largest donations came from outside of Virginia 'ì including $50,000 from Clinton Foundation official Doug Band in New York, $100,000 from Clinton loyalist Robert Johnson in Maryland, and $10,000 from Clinton mega-donor Stephen Cloobeck in Nevada. 
In the following months, Common Good VA received several major donations from other close Clinton associates, including $100,000 from Bill Clinton's business partner Ron Burkle in California and $50,000 from Ready for Hillary's finance committee member Leonard Lauder in New York. 
There are basic conflicts here. Someone this linked to the Clinton network should never have been investigating Hillary regardless of the dates and timing. But this is exactly what happened with Benghazi.
ARTICLE

Reprinted from Spectator.org . 
Tom Hayden, the Vietnam War protester and SDS founder, died this past weekend at age 76. 
Hayden's journey was in many ways tragic. Born December 1939 in the Detroit suburbs, he was not, unlike many radical leaders, a red-diaper baby. His parents were Irish Catholics who named him after St. Thomas Aquinas and sent him to Catholic school. His father was a Marine who worked for Chrysler, and an abusive drunk. Hayden's parents had a rocky marriage and divorced when he was a boy, which affected him terribly. Hayden's friend and ex-radical, David Horowitz, observed that Hayden harbored what Irving Howe once described as an 'obscure personal rage,' possibly from his estrangement from his father. 'Tom was indeed an angry man,' wrote Horowitz, 'who seemed in perpetual search of enemies.' 
Hayden channeled that anger into a group that did much damage to America, and was the antithesis of anything that Thomas Aquinas would have ever imagined: SDS, Students for a Democratic Society. 
Hayden will be forever young and forever a hippie in the memories of many Americans, the snarling activist who married 'Hanoi Jane' Fonda and literally wrote the script for SDS. Hayden wrote SDS's manifesto, its founding Port Huron Statement, which Hayden's cream-puff obituary in the Washington Post generously referred to as 'an expansive utopian manifesto that extolled 'participatory democracy' as an antidote to the complacency and conformity of the Eisenhower decade.' 
Right. 
Hayden's odd expressions of 'participatory democracy' included another writing he scribbled: an infamous June 4, 1968 letter wishing 'Good fortune!' and 'Victory!' to the North Vietnamese colonels who were killing American boys in Southeast Asia 'î using the same kind of artillery that Hayden's sweetheart Jane posed beside in her stint as a Viet Cong cover-girl. That was just one of countless disturbing actions by Tom Hayden at the time, all of which today's leftists merrily sweep under the rug as they uphold him as a crusader for civil rights and (of course) 'social justice.' 
But not etched in our memory was what might have been Tom Hayden's swan song long after his and his wife's cheerleading for the Viet Cong: namely, the document that he wrote for our President of Fundamental Transformation. Few know this, but Hayden was a founder of another group of destructive forces, a group called Progressives for Obama. 
The group's members came together in 2008, coalescing around the only Democratic presidential nominee in their lifetimes who was far-left enough for them to support. They constituted a Who's Who of the '60s SDS crowd. Among the nearly 100 formal 'signers' to Progressives for Obama were Mark Rudd, Carl Davidson, Jane Fonda, Thorne Dreyer, Daniel Ellsberg, Richard Flacks, John McAuliff, Jay Schaffner, and more. Columbia University was naturally well-represented, if not through the likes of Rudd, who shut down the campus in 1968, then through current faculty such as Todd Gitlin, a former SDS president who today is professor of journalism, sociology, and chair of Columbia's doctoral program in communications. 
Whereas the likes of Obama friends Bill Ayers and Bernardine Dohrn were thrust into the national spotlight in 2008 by conservatives like Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity, Progressives for Obama flew under the radar, largely unnoticed even by the right. 
Appropriately, spearheading Progressives for Obama was the man who had spearheaded SDS. Tom Hayden was one of the four 'initiators' of Progressives for Obama, along with Barbara Ehrenreich, Bill Fletcher, Jr., and Danny Glover. 
It is no exaggeration to say that the signers list of Progressives for Obama resembled the roster of SDS-ers called to testify before Congress in December 1969 for their subversive activities. Aside from the likes of Hayden, Rudd, and Davidson, other SDS-ers among Progressives for Obama were Bob Pardun, who was SDS education secretary from 1966-67, and Paul Buhle, a professor who has recently sought to revive SDS. 
Among these names from the insane '60s, all were fired up in 2008 over the unique opportunity that a fellow far-left radical, one Barack Obama, offered. They saw Obama as a golden chance, a once-in-a-lifetime moment, and they got it on November 4, 2008. Obama won the day, and they at last won the day, too. 
And therein, among the Progressives for Obama, the testimony of leader Tom Hayden was especially revealing. 
Understand that after his early life establishing SDS, meeting with and expressing 'Good fortune!' and 'Victory!' to the Viet Cong, and vigorously protesting the American system, Hayden went into politics, professional activism, and education. Like his erstwhile SDS brethren, Hayden grasped the power of higher education (which they have pervaded), and served as a professor at Pitzer College and also at Obama's alma mater, Occidental College. 
Like Mark Rudd, like Bill Ayers, like Bernardine Dohrn (all of them now in higher education), Hayden had come to view a quick 'revolution' of the system as too daunting, if not impossible. He had become much more patient, instead advocating a 'progressive' evolution of slower, measured change . By 2008, he was seeking to advance the 'progressive' cause within the established, mainstream Democratic Party. 
Of course, Hayden once helped blow up the Democratic Party's national convention in 1968. No matter: the party of 2008 was different and warmly accepted him. 
Hayden was ecstatic over Barack Obama's presidential campaign. He jumped in with both feet, looking to assist wherever he could, with a rush of enthusiasm not seen since his days undermining America in Vietnam. Not one to tinker around, Hayden got to work on a formal organization and unifying statement, as he had done for SDS 'î once again there at the creation. The man who drafted SDS's pivotal Port Huron statement got to work drafting mission statements for Progressives for Obama. 
During the 2008 campaign, a touched Hayden was moved to verse over the emergence of Obama. In one article, titled, 'Obama and the Open and Unexpected Future,' written for CommonDreams.org, self-described as a website for 'Breaking News & Views for the Progressive Community,' Hayden mused: 
I didn't see him coming. When I read of the young state senator with a background in community organizing who wanted to be president, I was at least sentient enough to be interested. When I read Dreams of My Father [sic], I was taken aback by its depth. This young man apparently gave his first public speech, against South African apartheid, at an Occidental College rally organized by Students for Economic Democracy, the student branch of the Campaign for Economic Democracy which I chaired in 1979-82. The buds of curiosity quickened. 
Hayden saw in Obama a long-awaited vehicle for 'economic democracy,' an instrument to channel an equal distribution of wealth 'î 'economic justice,' or 'redistributive change,' as Obama himself had once put it. Hayden wished that, 'Win or lose, the Obama movement will shape progressive politics'¶ for a generation to come.' He also hoped that that progressive movement likewise 'might transform' Obama as well. Both could reinforce and shape one another. 
Hayden wrote that in June 2008. When Obama was elected later the following November, Hayden was beside himself with joy, surely shocked that the American electorate had finally voted for a president that Tom Hayden saw as his kind of president. Once upon a time, traditional Democrats like Hayden's parents had shaken their heads in disgust at what Tom and his pals did to their party's convention in Chicago in 1968, at what they did during the Days of Rage the next year, at what they did at Columbia during the student strike, and on and on. But now, by 2008, the Democratic Party was theirs. It belonged to the '60s kiddies. 
The former SDS founder became particularly vocal in his praise for Obama once the election was over. During the election, the goal was to organize, raise money, but not speak too loudly, out of fear of driving away the moderates and remaining traditional Democrat moms and pops who had worked in the mines and the mills, who joined unions, who 'clinged' to their God and guns, who prayed rosaries and filled churches, who were pro-life and anti-gay marriage. With the presidency now secured, Hayden could open up. Joined by his former comrades at the take-no-prisoners website of Progressives for Obama, he began regularly sounding off against Obama's critics 'î those opposing 'single payer' or the 'public option' in 'healthcare reform,' or government 'management' of General Motors 'î with the subtlety of a howitzer. 
With the presidency won, Hayden and his allies were free to express themselves, to demonize health-insurance companies, the financial-services industry, AIG, the Big Three automakers, or whatever other capitalist 'reptile' (Lenin's phrase) stood in the way of President Obama's desire for 'reform' and mandate for 'change.' 
In the two-term presidency of fundamental transformation under Obama, Hayden and friends achieved many of their common dreams. 
By this election cycle, in 2016, Tom Hayden must have been mesmerized by the revolution he and his fellow radicals had pulled off in the Democratic Party. 
Alas, it was fitting that Tom Hayden became seriously ill (his final stand) during a turn for the worse at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia this past summer, where he was striving to ensure that the Democratic Party continue along the radical path of fundamental transformation that he and his allies had been unable to achieve via SDS and the Weather Underground. That path, in the hands of Hillary Clinton, is assured. 
Today, at long last, for Tom Hayden and friends, the new Democratic Party and the new America is theirs. He can rest in peace, assured that his mission is finally being accomplished.
ARTICLE

Obama Votes Against US at UN October 27, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Obama's abstention from a UN vote against the US is a new low for the most anti-American administration in American history. Under Obama, our foreign policy has been reoriented toward damaging our own interests as much as possible. But actively opposing US policy at the UN is a new low. 
The resolution A/RES/71/5 is on the "Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba". 
It was introduced at the request of Cuba back in '91 with a memorandum that accused America of "pursuing an aggressive policy against Cuba with the declared aim of imposing on it the political, social and economic order which the united States authorities consider most fitting. This policy has included direct military intervention, the threat of nuclear annihilation, the instigation and carrying out of countless acts of sabotage and plans to assassinate Cuban leaders." 
As Obama's creepy toady Ben Rhodes tweeted, "No reason to vote to defend a failed policy we oppose." 
Except the failed policy is that of the United States. By "we", Rhodes means that Obama and the left aren't going to defend the United States in international forums when they disagree with the US. 
All this is yet another reminder that the people running the country are not of the country. They're a hostile foreign ideology that sees itself as separate from the United States and does not believe it has any responsibilities toward the United States. 
At the UN, Samantha Power took the anti-American positions to applause from a UN united with Obama against America. 
"For more than 50 years, the United States had a policy aimed at isolating the government of Cuba. For roughly half of those years, UN Member States have voted overwhelmingly for a General Assembly resolution that condemns the U.S. embargo and calls for it to be ended. The United States has always voted against this resolution. Today the United States will abstain. [Applause.] Thank you. " 
This is treason.
ARTICLE

ObamaCare is Great. We Just Need to Punish People for Not Using It October 27, 2016 
But...but... I thought we were trying to help people. 
ObamaCare visionary Jonathan "Stupidity of the American Voter" Gruber is back. When last we heard from the man with the same name as the Die Hard villain, he was being ushered off the scene after explaining how stupid everyone was . 
An architect of the federal healthcare law said last year that a "lack of transparency" and the "stupidity of the American voter" helped Congress approve ObamaCare. In a clip unearthed Sunday, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Professor Jonathan Gruber appears on a panel and discusses how the reform earned enough votes to pass. 
He suggested that many lawmakers and voters didn't know what was in the law or how its financing worked, and that this helped it win approval. "Lack of transparency is a huge political advantage,' Gruber said. "And basically, call it the stupidity of the American voter or whatever, but basically that was really, really critical for the thing to pass." Gruber made the comment while discussing how the law was "written in a tortured way" to avoid a bad score from the Congressional Budget Office. He suggested that voters would have rejected ObamaCare if the penalties for going without health insurance were interpreted as taxes, either by budget analysts or the public. "If CBO scored the [individual] mandate as taxes, the bill dies," Gruber said. 
Now the Gruber is back... and ready to explain why the only problem with ObamaCare is the lack of severe beatings . 
'There is no sense in which' the law 'has to be fixed. The law is working as designed. However, it could work better. And I think probably the most important thing experts would agree on is that, we need a larger mandate penalty. We have individuals who are essentially free-riding on the system, they're essentially waiting until they get sick and then getting health insurance. The whole idea of this plan, which was pioneered in Massachusetts, was that the individual mandate penalty would bring those people into the system and have them participate. The penalty right now is probably too low, and that's something I think ideally we would fix.' 
Ideally we would penalize Gruber and everyone involved in inflicting this monstrosity on the public. But predictably Gruber's proposal is to offer up more beatings until morale improves. While pretending that anyone who isn't on ObamaCare is just a "free rider".
ARTICLE

Search The Left in Power : Clinton to Obama David Horowitz explains how the Democrats became a leftwing party in Volume VII of the Black Book of the American Left. October 28, 2016 Richard Baehr 
Below is Richard Baehr's review of David Horowitz's new book, The Left in Power: Clinton to Obama (reprinted from American Thinker with permission). The book is volume 7 of The Black Book of the American Left , a multi-volume collection of David Horowitz's conservative writings that will, when completed, be the most ambitious effort ever undertaken to define the Left and its agenda. (Order HERE .) We encourage our readers to visit BlackBookOfTheAmericanLeft.com which features Horowitz's introductions to Volumes 1-7 of this 9-volume series, along with their tables of contents, reviews and interviews with the author. 
Every year, there is some report of the blissful ignorance of American history demonstrated by the supposedly best and brightest at elite American universities. Suffice it to say the collected writings of David Horowitz on the American Left, which constitute part of a solid foundation for understanding the last half century of American politics, are nowhere to be found on any college or high school reading list. 
Horowitz's latest book, The Left in Power: Clinton to Obama , is the seventh volume in his nine-volume collection, The Black Book of the American Left . This new volume provides a collection of his writings over the last quarter century, focusing primarily on the Left's control in our government and culture. As Horowitz reveals, even during the Bush years, conservatives were on the defense and leftists controlled the narrative as they attempted to destroy Bush and his chances for re-election in 2004. Their primary mode of attack was to undermine America's efforts in Iraq almost from the start of the conflict, when just months earlier a majority of Senate Democrats and near half of House Democrats had supported the President. The Left then destroyed Bush's second term with bogus charges of racist neglect in the handling of Hurricane Katrina. There was plenty of incompetence in the response to Katrina, but local and state officials 'î all Democrats, of course, and many of them African American 'î were the principal operators on the ground during the crisis. 
The immediate abandonment of support for the Iraq war effort was a signal event in American history, sending a message that a large part of the Democratic Party was not remotely concerned about the morale of our men and women fighting overseas. The weak effort by some Democrats to hold onto an ounce of patriotic resolve -- 'end the war, support the troops' -- was designed more for campaign speeches than any meaningful attempt to convey national unity for the effort underway by our armed forces. So too, the obsession with Abu Ghraib gave the lie to the Democrats' 'support our troops' message, as a broad brush was used to paint the incident as somehow what you would expect from our military on a routine basis. 
Horowitz outlines this narrative, faulting the Bush administration for failing to fight harder to present its story of why we went into Iraq and the risks if we had done nothing. Regrettably, the Bush administration never had a chance to get a better defense of the Iraq war out to the media. Most in the media considered the Bush administration illegitimate due to its narrow victory in the 2000 presidential contest, a lie to be sure . Unfortunately, it is almost certainly true that the media today are far more in the bag for the left than ten or twenty years ago and work harder at pushing the left's agenda. The soft liberalism of Walter Cronkite has been replaced by cable and national network anchors who routinely bury stories embarrassing to their side and focus on those that can do damage to the other side. During the current Presidential election cycle, we have seen the most prestigious media organs explain why it is necessary and appropriate for them to be biased this year. It is a special time, they argue, because Trump is, in their view, a unique threat to the Republic. 
On the other hand, the media have been loath to consider the damage to the country caused by Barack Obama -- the loss of respect abroad for America's will to fight, the degradation of our military readiness, the fraying of ties with allies, and the near obsessive outreach to America's enemies that led to agreements such as the nuclear deal with Iran, best described as an abject surrender of American interests that will lead to the funding of fanatical nuclear regime. About 85% of those supposedly sensible pro-Israel Democrats walked the plank behind their great leader on that deal, with no visible regrets to date. There was simply too much political risk to oppose the first black president of their party. The media were happy to parrot the administration's talking points for the nuclear deal, something the manipulators crowed over at the White House. 
At least in the propaganda use of Abu Ghraib, the Left was honest in revealing what it thinks about the military. As Horowitz outlines in article after article, the Left is fighting a war that most Americans do not see, disguising its intentions through its aggressive, unceasing promotion of 'progressive' policies 'to make America a better place.' This commitment to deception emerges, Horowitz reveals, from the allegiance to the ideology of Saul Alinsky's 'Rules for Radicals,' a formative doctrine for both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. The progressive goal is to achieve a new society that has never been seen before in this country, though it has been promised and has catastrophically failed in many places around the globe. In America, the Left is not only unconcerned with selling their program to the public, but also, Horowitz argues, it is fearful of the result of voters knowing what it is pursuing. One prime example was the admission of MIT professor and Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber that health care law would never have made it through Congress if it had been presented honestly. 
The Left is also busy at work making it easier for itself to win politically. Horowitz provides chapter and verse on the Left's efforts to rapidly change the composition of the voting pool -- motor voter registration with no birth certificate required, fighting every effort to combat voter fraud with charges of racism and 'turning the clock back,' even when states were willing to pay for potential voters obtaining the needed documents to register, support for open borders, expansion of legal immigration, and amnesty and citizenship (and voting rights) for more than ten million already in the country illegally. Here the Left's mentor and financier is George Soros and his buddies, who have funded dozens of organizations which fight on multiple fronts every day to advance the left politically. And Horowitz has done a great public service by his Discover the Network listing of the people responsible for America's steady drift to the radical Left. 
The Left uses the racism charge in many of the confrontations it creates. Of course, the problems of America's inner cities, all under complete control of one political party for half a century, have never been of even near equal interest to the Democrats as their ability to continue to win enormous majorities among inner city voters, particularly African Americans. The Left has fully endorsed the teacher unions' opposition to charter schools, and voucher programs, though both are popular with minority group parents and children. The two major teachers unions are simply too powerful a support group for the Democratic Party (campaign cash, votes, and volunteers) for the Left to support policies that might lead to a better future for kids as opposed to continued growth in expenditures for the teachers unions and their workforce. 
In the last two years, the Soros-funded Black Lives Matter movement has created a near national hysteria over the alleged systematic effort by police to kill unarmed black men. Between two and three dozen unarmed blacks are killed by cops each year, many of them in situations where the 'victims' were almost certainly responsible for what happened to them -- Michael Brown in Ferguson is a prime example. One wonders where the news media are to report on the police shooting of unarmed whites, which greatly outnumber those of unarmed blacks. Perhaps because there are no riots, or looting, these incidents have no cachet. More likely, they do not fit the systemic racism charge now routinely thrown around by everyone from the current President to Hillary Clinton. 
In Chicago in 9 months this year, over 400 blacks, mostly men, have been shot and killed, almost exclusively by other black men. By year end, over 4,000 Chicagoans will have been shot. One might think this was a bigger story of urban calamity and civil society breakdown than a shooting in Charlotte. Chicago's mayor says that police 'have gone fetal,' avoiding making stops in crime ridden neighborhoods, with the ACLU looking over their shoulder demanding a report for every stop, and activists in the neighborhoods treating the police with scorn and abuse, following a bad police shooting captured on video and kept hidden from the public by Chicago's mayor to protect his re-election bid. Rahm Emanuel must also have read Alinsky, for he knows whose hide to protect first and foremost. The victims of the police pullback in Chicago, Baltimore, St, Louis and other cities, called 'the Ferguson effect,' are many more dead black men, killed in crime waves that are reminiscent of the 1990s. Even the FBI Director admits the Ferguson Effect is real, when not covering for Hillary Clinton. 
Horowitz' latest book is full of insights and straight talk on the goals and the mission of the Left, and how it has advanced its cause this last quarter century. He provides the kind of arguments that keep his books from getting reviewed by the New York Times. And there is always a horrible slur available from the Left to describe a viewpoint that counters one of its missions. The Left chooses to ignore the argument and uses character assassination for the people making it. It argues that these are people (Horowitz included) unworthy of serious consideration, or respect. 
Silencing the critic or the dissident or limiting his visibility has been a long time weapon of the Left. So far, Horowitz keeps writing, and America is free enough that the Left, though it clearly wants to, cannot ban his books. George Soros and his family have another $20 billion to spend on changing America. The Alinsky acolytes have their mission laid out to make use of the funds and create an America where the smart bureaucrats can organize society and distribute its wealth, so results are all equal. And we can all sing along with the Pete Seeger songs as we turn away from any role overseas (where of course we have primarily been an agent of evil) and disinvest in defense every year. 
Let's hope that some of America's young will read Horowitz' books,and learn what their professors and teachers won't teach them.
ARTICLE

An eyebrow-raising new study from a nonpartisan research institute. October 28, 2016 Matthew Vadum 
The Obama administration is using billions of dollars in banking fines to fund radical left-wing activist groups that work to elect Democrats, according to an eye-opening new study from a nonpartisan research institute. 
During Eric Holder's term as attorney general from February 2009 through April 2015, a little under $37.3 billion was paid by U.S. banks under the threat of federal lawsuits. All but $720 million of that sum came from three big settlements: Bank of America, Citigroup, and JP Morgan Chase. 
Many of the cases rest on bogus 'disparate impact theory' which left-wing government lawyers use to make sure that 'banks become liable for charges of racism based upon the perceived injustice of lending disparity in certain lower income areas, regardless of the reasons for the disparity.' 
Instead of being used to help the supposed victims of these banks, the money flows to leftist allies of President Obama. 
Adding insult to injury, the process by which the money snakes its way to left-wing organizations is both corrupt and unconstitutional, according to the report from the Government Accountability Institute that is called 'Follow the Money: How the Department of Justice Funds Progressive Activists.' (Bestselling Clinton Cash author and anti-corruption crusader Peter Schweizer is GAI's president. The full 115-page report is available in PDF form here .) 
The report states: 
The [Department of Justice] has curated an opaque system wherein appointed attorneys can legally extract money from the private sector and redistribute the funds to third-party organizations outside of the appropriations process'îan unprecedented and extraordinary disregard for Congressional authority. 
It adds, '[t]hese funds directed by the DOJ effectively replaced funding to activist nonprofits previously denied by Congress.' 
Much of the cash moves through NeighborWorks. The nonprofit gave more than $53 million to the rabble-rousing group Neighborhood Assistance Corp. of America (NACA) whose leader, Bruce Marks, calls himself a 'bank terrorist.' It also gave over $4 million to Asian Americans for Equality (AAFE), 'an organization with communist roots and continued close ties to a very vocal North Korean sympathizer.' 
The ill-gotten funds extorted from the banks also trickle down to left-wing groups such as National Council of La Raza, NHS of Chicago, National Urban League, and Operation HOPE. 
Many of the nonprofits that receive such funding spend the money to elect Democrats. 
Catalist, a George Soros-funded for-profit data analytics company specializing in left-progressive causes, along with a group called Nonprofit VOTE 'mobilize these federally funded nonprofits '¶ to get the vote out for those who 'tend to be reliably progressive,'' the report states. 
Catalist was founded by former Bill Clinton aide Harold Ickes in 2006 following Democrats' electoral wipeout in 2004. Left-wing activists believed Republicans owed George W. Bush's re-election victory to heavy spending on voter contact technology, including databases. 
According to a Capital Research Center report : 
Catalist boasts it was vital to President Obama's 2008 victory. By its own admission, 'over 90 organizations, campaigns and committees' used the company's services. 'Based on data that was loaded into the Catalist databases and then standardized,' a Catalist analysis of the 2008 cycle says, 'progressive organizations, the Obama campaign, and federal party committees attempted to contact more than 106 million people. This means that the progressive community attempted to contact over 46% of the U.S. adult population. Contacts were delivered in-person, over the phone, by mail and over the internet.' 
Of course, leeching off others is generally how the activist Left funds itself. Apart from oceans of cash supplied by left-wing fat-cat mega-donors like George Soros and Michael Bloomberg and a galaxy of radical foundations, the Left derives its sustenance by ripping off taxpayers at the federal, state, and local levels. 
The report states the evidence shows the Left is using the Department of Justice and 'the power of the federal government to extract money from financial institutions for redistribution to progressive activists whose real intent is far more partisan than the housing and housing education for which they ostensibly exist.' 
In other words, the Left plays by a different set of rules than the rest of America. There is no level so-called playing field in American electoral politics. In a sense the system is rigged. There is the parasitic Left feeding at the taxpayer trough versus everybody else. 
Conservatives knew about this travesty already but few studies have been put together that follow the money trail. For a half century, the Left has been using taxpayer dollars to fund efforts to advance radical, subversive causes in the United States. 
Changes in federal social policy in the mid-1960s helped lay the groundwork for this insidious leftist astro-turfing. Under the profoundly antisocial War on Poverty, the federal government has been handing out taxpayer money since 1965 to liberal and radical so-called community organizations to help them agitate against the status quo. One could say America declared war on itself and conscripted Saul Alinsky-inspired pressure groups to do the fighting. In recent decades those on the Left 'ì including groups like ACORN and money-grubbing con artists like Jesse Jackson Sr. 'ì have also become quite adept at working outside the public sector to shake down banks and other businesses to fill their war chests. 
Conservative groups receive no such largesse from Uncle Sam (and in fairness, many such organizations would likely reject government funding on principle if offered it). 
This sue-and-settle corruption will undoubtedly continue if Hillary Clinton becomes president. Secretary of Labor Tom Perez , no stranger to the shakedown business himself, is said to be a top contender for the attorney general post in any new Clinton administration. Perez, who previously ran the DoJ's Civil Rights Division, is also a past president of Casa de Maryland, a notorious advocacy group for illegal aliens funded by George Soros and the late Venezuelan strongman Hugo Chavez. 
The money-raising scam described in the GAI report isn't the only way left-wing groups fill up their bank accounts. 
Activist groups were encouraged to agitate by the Carter-era Community Reinvestment Act, which enshrined in law a kind of lending protection racket. Banking regulators who had come under the influence of groups like ACORN had the power to make trouble for banks that failed to lend enough money to borrowers in so-called underserved communities. Banks that paid enough -- whatever that means -- got left alone, but banks that didn't, got their legs broken. 
Few serious economists doubt that the mortgage market debacle and the economic collapse of 2008 were caused by the deliberate weakening of underwriting standards carried out in the name of ending discrimination. 
Leftists played both sides. They called banks racist and demanded more subprime lending for minorities and then when the loans went bad called the banks racist for supposedly targeting minority borrowers. It was (and is) pure gangsterism. Through the magic of dysphemism, the once sought after subprime lending was transformed into "predatory lending." 
The shaking down of lenders intensified when then-Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin presided over the Clinton administration's effort to put the CRA on steroids. Banks began to make risky subprime loans and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac aggregated them for sale in the secondary market as mortgage-backed securities. These practices made it easier for banks to give in to the demands of ACORN and other groups to originate more and more doomed mortgages because they knew they could offload their high-risk debt on quasi-governmental suckers Fannie and Freddie, which were under intense political pressure to service the subprime market. 
President Clinton 'turned the Community Reinvestment Act, a once-obscure and lightly enforced banking regulation law, into one of the most powerful mandates shaping American cities'îand as Senate Banking Committee chairman Phil Gramm memorably put it, a vast extortion scheme against the nation's banks,' Howard Husock of the Manhattan Institute wrote in City Journal . 
When Husock wrote in 2000, U.S. banks had 'committed nearly $1 trillion for inner-city and low-income mortgages and real estate development projects, most of it funneled through a nationwide network of left-wing community groups, intent, in some cases, on teaching their low-income clients that the financial system is their enemy and, implicitly, that government, rather than their own striving, is the key to their well-being.' 
Enterprising left-wing levelers never tire of dreaming up these redistribution schemes. 
And they never will.
ARTICLE

Search What Will Replace ISIS? This is a war to determine whether the future will belong to the West or to Islam. October 28, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. 
Before long the same administration that declared the fighting in Iraq over several times will claim victory over ISIS. The timetable for its push against the Islamic State appears to have less do with the victimized Christians and Yazidis who have been prevented from coming here as refugees in favor of Syrian Muslims than with the Clinton presidential campaign. Like Obama's declarations that the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were over, the announcement that ISIS has been defeated will be premature. 
It is based on a profound misunderstanding and misreading of Islamic terrorism. 
Long before its current string of defeats, ISIS had begun evolving into another Al Qaeda; a multinational alliance of Jihadists scattered around the world. Bombing Mosul isn't hard, but try bombing Marseille, Brussels or London. There is no doubt that the ability of ISIS to temporarily establish a caliphate allowed it to build a network that could carry out terror attacks from New York to Miami to Nice to Munich. But it would be dangerous to assume that losing Iraq and Syria will stop ISIS. 
ISIS doesn't matter. The idea of ISIS does. And the idea of ISIS is Islamic supremacism. 
The organization we think of ISIS has transformed and rebranded countless times. Even now our leaders vacillate between calling it ISIS, ISIL or, more childishly, Daesh, while it dubs itself the Islamic State. We have been fighting it in one form or another for over a decade. It would be unrealistically optimistic to assume that the war will end just as this old enemy has shown its ability to strike deep in our own cities. 
The bigger error though is to think that we are fighting an organization. We are fighting an idea. That is not to contend, as Obama does, that we can debate it to death. It is not the sort of idea that argues with words, but with bullets, bombs and swords. But neither does it just go away if you seize a city. 
Al Qaeda in Iraq not only survived the death of Zarqawi, but it became even more dangerous under Baghdadi. It would be risky to assume that ISIS will die with him. Instead it may very well grow into a new phase of Al Qaeda, one that ties together some of the world's deadliest Islamic terror groups into a network that is decentralized enough that it will not suffer from Al Qaeda's leadership fatigue. 
The rise of Islamic terrorism has been an incremental process in which new groups learn from the mistakes of the old and supersede them. If ISIS does recede into a localized oblivion, reemerging only on occasion to suicide bomb something or someone in Baghdad, then a deadlier and even more effective group is likely to take its place. Each group will move one step closer to realizing the caliphate. 
To break the cycle, we must confront the idea of the caliphate at the heart of Islamic terrorism. 
ISIS is not un-Islamic. It is ruthlessly and uncompromisingly Islamic in that, unlike its predecessors in the Muslim Brotherhood and Al Qaeda, it makes the fewest compromises to civilizational sensibilities. Its goals are the same as those of every Islamic political organization, including those dubbed moderate. It seeks to restore and enforce an Islamic system in every part of the Muslim world before moving on to conquer and subjugate the non-Muslim world. If this were merely some fringe belief held by a tiny minority of extremists, then it could be bombed to pieces in some Syrian or Iraqi backwater. 
But it's the driving force of Islam. That's why it won't go away. No amount of appeasement will banish it. 
Taking in more Muslim settlers, pressuring Israel and letting the Muslim Brotherhood colonize our foreign policy won't do it. We've tried it and it actually makes Islamic terrorism much worse. 
When the announcement is made, the usual suspects will pat themselves on the back for having defeated ISIS by mobilizing a Muslim coalition. But it wasn't Obama who mobilized a Muslim coalition. The coalition, such as it was, mobilized them. Obama provided useful support to Islamic state sponsors of terror, such as Iran and Turkey, assorted Islamic Jihadists on the ground, some blatantly associated with Sunni and Shiite terror groups in their internal Jihadist conflict with ISIS over who will fight us. 
The 'allies' we are aiding today will be the ones bombing us tomorrow. 
And that is why claiming credit for beating ISIS accomplishes nothing. ISIS is an expression of an Islamic impulse encoded in the Koran. Islamic groups differ in the tactical expression of that impulse. ISIS was nastier and uglier than most of the Islamic terror groups we had dealt with before this. Though even it found its Boko Haram affiliate in Nigeria occasionally a little too much to stomach. 
If ISIS vanishes from the world stage, Islamic terrorism will be easier to dismiss. Or so the thinking goes. The Islamic State was better at viral videos than the media that tried to whitewash Islamic terror. It was hard to ignore. But a scattering of Islamic terror groups around the world will be forgotten by the public. 
History suggests that's wishful thinking. 
Islamic terrorism has shown no signs of receding. Growing Muslim populations, both at home and in Muslim settlements in the West, and the increase in travel and communications, the infrastructure of globalism, spread it from the most backward to the most advanced parts of the world. Wealthy and unstable Muslim countries, rich in oil but poor in power, finance its spread through mosques and guns. 
These are the ingredients that give us ISIS or any other combination or letters that stands for Islamic terror. To do anything meaningful about it, we would have to reverse the decline of the West. 
Islam originally spread into a vacuum created by civilizational decline. Civilizational decline is why it is rising once again. An obscure local terror group eventually turned into ISIS by filling a power vacuum. Even as Obama performs another touchdown dance, some other group will be making that same journey. Its mission will be the familiar one of replacing our civilization with its own. 
Until we come to terms with this civilizational struggle, we will go on fighting endless wars in the sand and coping with endless terror attacks in our own cities because we have failed to recognize the nature of the enemy. We are not fighting an acronym, whether it's ISIS or ISIL; we are fighting an Islamic State. 
This is a war to determine whether the future will belong to the West or to Islam.
ARTICLE

The SPLC's Libelous New Report on 'Anti-Muslim Extremists' Equating counter-jihadists with jihadists. Robert Spencer 
The objective of this libelous new report from the hard-Left money-making and incitement machine the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) is made plain within it: 'Before you book a spokesperson from an anti-Muslim extremist group or quote them in a story, research their background 'î detailed in this in-depth guide to 15 of the most visible anti-Muslim activists'î and consider the consequences of giving them a platform.' 
They wish to silence those who speak honestly about the nature and magnitude of the jihad threat, blaming us for a supposed rise in 'Islamophobia.' If they really want to stamp out suspicion of Islam, of course, they will move against not us, but the likes of Omar Mateen, Syed Rizwan Farook, Tashfeen Malik, Nidal Malik Hasan, Mohammed Abdulazeez, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, and the myriad other Muslims who commit violence in the name of Islam and justify it by reference to Islamic teachings. 
The SPLC doesn't do that because its objective is not really to stop 'Islamophobia' at all, but to create the illusion of a powerful and moneyed network of 'Islamophobes,' who can only be stopped if you write a check to the SPLC. That's what this is really all about. 
In constructing this illusory edifice, the SPLC labels me and fourteen others 'anti-Muslim extremists.' We are, of course, no more 'anti-Muslim' than foes of the Nazis were anti-German, but note the word 'extremists.' That's the mainstream media and Obama administration's term of choice for jihad terrorists. In what way are we 'extremists'? Has anyone on the SPLC's hit list (and given the SPLC's track record of inciting violence against its targets, that is exactly what it is) ever blown anything or anyone up? Beheaded anyone? Boasted of our imminent conquest of any territory and the massacre of or enslavement of its people? No, all we have done is speak critically about jihad terror and Sharia oppression. The SPLC is trying to further the libel that we are the other side of the coin, the non-Muslim bin Ladens and Awlakis. Until we commit any terror attacks or conspire with others to do so, however, the SPLC's libel is only that: a libel. 
It's also passingly ironic that the SPLC list includes several people who are doubtless horrified to be in this company, as they have endeavored for years to distinguish their message from that of those whom they themselves would smear as 'Islamophobes.' But their temporizing and pandering didn't work: they ended up on the Index of Prohibited Thinkers anyway, as will, ultimately, anyone who dares to note that Islam just might have something to do with the acts of murder committed in its name and in accord with its teachings. 
The 'report' as a whole stands as an example of the Left's strange tendency to present true statements as if they were self-evidently false, without bothering to explain why. Apparently the SPLC knows its supporters and is aware that it doesn't need to bother with troublesome things like, you know, facts. 
The SPLC's hit list recurrently excoriates people for making true statements that it apparently regards as self-evidently false. For example, it says that Ann Corcoran of Refugee Resettlement Watch 'accuses immigrant-run stores of illegally trafficking in food stamps.' This is a case that Corcoran makes with evidence 'ì evidence that the SPLC doesn't bother to try disproving. It says that Steven Emerson of the Investigative Project on Terrorism 'has claimed that the Obama administration 'extensively collaborates' with the Muslim Brotherhood.' That he actually has done so doesn't seem to bother them. As Andrew C. McCarthy has noted , 'Barack Obama has spent his presidency cultivating Islamists, particularly from the international Muslim Brotherhood and its affiliates in the United States.' The SPLC also hits Emerison for having 'asserted that Europe is riddled with 'no-go zones.'' Regarding 'no-go zones,' here are some news articles from just the past few weeks: 
Germany: Police 'sick' of citizens' no-go zone fears 
The SPLC excoriates Brigitte Gabriel of ACT for America for saying that any 'practicing Muslim who believes the word of the Koran to be the word of Allah '¶ who goes to mosque and prays every Friday, who prays five times a day 'î this practicing Muslim, who believes in the teachings of the Koran, cannot be a loyal citizen of the United States.' Yet it says nothing, of course, about the many teachings of the Qur'an that contradict American Constitutional principles: the denial of the freedom of speech, the death penalty for apostasy, the devaluation of women, and more. How to reconcile these teachings with U.S. citizenship, the SPLC did not bother to explain. 
The SPLC quotes David Horowitz saying: 'There are only a couple of degrees of separation between anybody on the left and the terrorists 'î and that includes people in the Democratic Party, even those who are anti-terrorist.' Here again, no refutation is offered 'ì yet the Left's dalliance with Palestinian jihad groups and overall anti-Americanism make it impossible to dismiss Horowitz's assertion. 
Frank Gaffney of the Center for Security Policy, we're told, 'is gripped by paranoid fantasies about Muslims destroying the West from within.' The SPLC doesn't bother to mention the Explanatory Memorandum on the General Strategic Goal for the Brotherhood in North America , the captured Muslim Brotherhood internal document that explained that Brotherhood members 'must understand that their work in America is a kind of grand Jihad in eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within and 'sabotaging' its miserable house by their hands and the hands of the believers so that it is eliminated and God's religion is made victorious over all other religions.' 
In attacking Pamela Geller of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, the SPLC descended to outright fabrications. Notes Geller : 'Their claim that I insist that Obama is the 'love child' of Malcolm X is patently untrue. The SPLC also states that I 'have spoken to a neo-fascist group in Germany,' when in fact I have never even been to Germany.' It characterizes former FBI agent John Guandolo's claim that CIA director John Brennan was a convert to Islam as an 'outlandish accusation,' when in fact 'a U.S. asset assigned overseas with Brennan in Saudi Arabia when he was station chief confirmed years ago their firsthand account that Brennan was indeed the target of a Saudi intelligence influence operation that led to his conversion. Brennan has also stated publicly that he visited Mecca, which is impossible for a non-Muslim to do unless he is a special guest of the Saudi King.' 
Even more strangely, the SPLC targets Ayaan Hirsi Ali, a woman who grew up as a Muslim in Somalia, suffered genital mutilated at the hands of Muslims, is under death threats from Muslims, and lives in exile from her homeland because of Muslims. Instead of trying to discredit her, the SPLC should be honoring her for her stand for human rights against Sharia oppression. But the SPLC has other priorities. 
Of me, the SPLC concedes that I am a 'real intellectual' but complains that I am 'entirely self-taught in the study of Islam.' An odd objection. One cannot be both 'self-taught' and a 'real intellectual'? In any case, it's false: I am indeed mostly self-taught in the study of Islam, and make no secret of or apologies for it; every day's headlines proves me correct. Nonetheless, the fact is that I did first read the Qur'an and began studying Islam in earnest while at the University of North Carolina. My claims, says the SPLC, are 'provably false,' but then only offers a number of them that are demonstrably true, without any attempt to refute them. 
It even says that I have 'referred to Barack Obama as 'the first Muslim president.'' This one epitomizes the dishonesty of the SPLC. The quote comes from an article I wrote in 2007 discussing how Obama was not a Muslim, stating that his obvious affinity for Islam and the Muslim world could make him into 'our first Muslim president' the way Bill Clinton was called 'our first black president.' After eight years of Obama, I'd say I was proven correct in rather spectacular fashion. 
The SPLC, finally, hits me for having 'even suggested that the media may be getting money to depict Muslims in a positive light.' 
The facts are once again deeply unfortunate for the SPLC: George Soros funded a report on 'Islamophobia' on Twitter and gave $200,000 to the Center for American Progress for a defamatory report on alleged 'Islamophobes.' He also spent $600,000 for favorable coverage of the Muslim migrant inundation, bought favorable coverage of the Iran deal , and bought 'Islamophobia' propaganda after the San Bernardino jihad massacre. 
But what need does the SPLC have of facts? It knows its readers won't check up on the veracity of its claims, but will accept them at face value, since the SPLC is of the camp of the saints, the enlightened and tolerant Left. Those who are outside that camp clearly have no rights that the SPLC feels bound to respect.
ARTICLE

The Psychopathic and Insincere Jihad Islam's natural appeal to 'criminals, psychopaths, and murderers." October 28, 2016 
Raymond Ibrahim is a Shillman Fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center. 
Whenever Muslims engage in behavior that ostensibly contradicts Islam'îfrom taking drugs and watching porn to killing fellow Muslims 'îIslam's apologists loudly proclaim 'Aha, see, they're not true Muslims!' Or, in the words of CIA head John Brennan on the Islamic State: 'They are terrorists, they're criminals. Most'îmany'îof them are psychopathic thugs, murderers who use a religious concept and masquerade and mask themselves in that religious construct.' 
Overlooked is that many self-styled jihadis are indeed 'psychopathic thugs, murderers'; some may not even believe in Allah at all. Yet this does not exonerate Islam, for its 'religious construct' was designed to entice such men. 
As usual , this traces back to the prophet, Muhammad. After telling his followers that Allah had permitted Muslims four wives and limitless concubines (Koran 4:3), he later claimed that Allah had delivered a new revelation (Koran 33.51) permitting him, Muhammad alone, to marry and sleep with as many women as he wanted. In response, his young wife Aisha quipped: 'I feel that your Lord hastens in fulfilling your wishes and desires.' (Apostates from Islam regularly cite this episode as especially disenchanting them with the prophet.) 
But it is the concept of jihad that especially comports with those who seek to indulge their carnal appetites. For whoever fights in the name of Allah and/or seeks to empower Islam'îthat is, jihadis/terrorists'îis exonerated of all blame and, if he dies fighting, guaranteed the highest levels of paradise (where more sex awaits). 
That's because Allah made a 'pact' with them. According to Koran 9:111: 'Allah has bought from the believers their lives and worldly goods, and in return has promised them Paradise: they shall fight in the way of Allah and shall slay and be slain'¶. Rejoice then in the bargain you have struck, for that is the supreme triumph.' Muhammad elaborated: 'Lining up for battle in the path of Allah [jihad to empower Islam] is worthier than 60 years of worship.' Moreover, The martyr is special to Allah. He is forgiven from the first drop of blood [that he sheds]. He sees his throne in paradise'¶. He will wed the 'aynhour [supernatural, celestial women designed exclusively for sexual purposes] and will not know the torments of the grave and safeguards against the greater horror [hell]. Fixed atop his head will be a crown of honor, a ruby that is greater than the world and all it contains. And he will copulate with seventy-two 'aynhour. 
As for those Muslims who reject jihad, Muhammad said 'they will be tortured like no other sinful human.' (For many more Islamic scriptures depicting jihad as the greatest undertaking, one that earns unconditional forgiveness and paradise, see here .) 
There is no denying that the historic growth of Islam is related to its carnal incentives. After more than a decade of preaching in Mecca, Muhammad had about 100 followers, mostly relatives. It was only when he became a successful warlord and caravan raider that his followers grew and multiplied. So long as such fighters helped spread the banner of Islam into infidel lands, they were deemed good and pious Muslims'îregardless of their true intentions, priorities, or even faith. 
Many of the original jihadis now revered in Islamic hagiography were by modern standards little more than mass killing psychotics. Consider Khalid bin al-Walid: a Meccan pagan, he opposed Muhammad for years; but when the prophet seized Mecca, Khalid'îlike many of Muhammad's foes, such as his archenemy, Abu Sufyan'îexpediently converted, proclaimed the shahada , joined the winning team, and then went a-jihading'îmutilating, plundering, raping, enslaving, crucifying, and setting people on fire in the process. But because he did so under the banner of jihad, this serial killer and rapist is today one of Islam's most revered heroes. 
The reason for this is that nowhere in Islam is there talk about the 'condition' of the jihadis' 'heart,' or if he's 'right' with God. Allah is not God: he is not interested in 'hearts and minds' but in fighters and swords. So long as his fighters proclaim the shahada 'î'There is no god but Allah and Muhammad is his messenger''îand fight under the banner of Islam, they can take, plunder, murder, and rape the infidels; and if they die doing so, they go to paradise. 
Such was the genius of Muhammad: in the Arabian society he lived in, members of one's tribe were as inviolable as non-members were free game, to be plundered, enslaved, or killed with impunity. Muhammad took this idea and infused it with a pious rationale. Henceforth there would be only two tribes in the world: the umma 'îwhich consists of all Muslims, regardless of race'îand the 'infidels,' who deserve to be plundered, enslaved, or killed with impunity for rejecting Allah. 
This explains why other tribal/nomadic societies'îTurks and Mongols/Tatars, whose way of life consisted of preying on everyone outside their tribe'îalso converted to Islam and, under the banner of jihad, continued preying on the other, the infidel, but now as venerated 'champions of the faith.' 
Christian Europe was aware of Islam's true appeal from the very beginning. Theophanes the Byzantine scholar (d. 818) wrote the following about Muhammad in his chronicles: He taught those who gave ear to him that the one slaying the enemy'îor being slain by the enemy'îentered into paradise [see Koran 9:111]. And he said paradise was carnal and sensual'îorgies of eating, drinking, and women. Also, there was a river of wine '¶ and the women were of another sort, and the duration of sex greatly prolonged and its pleasure long-enduring [e.g., Koran 56: 7-40, 78:31, 55:70-77]. And all sorts of other nonsense. 
Centuries later, St. Thomas Aquinas (d. 1274) made similar observations: He [Muhamad] seduced the people by promises of carnal pleasure to which the concupiscence of the flesh urges us. His teaching also contained precepts that were in conformity with his promises, and he gave free rein to carnal pleasure. In all this, as is not unexpected; he was obeyed by carnal men. As for proofs of the truth of his doctrine'¶. Muhammad said that he was sent in the power of his arms'îwhich are signs not lacking even to robbers and tyrants. What is more, no wise men, men trained in things divine and human, believed in him from the beginning. Those who believed in him were brutal men and desert wanderers, utterly ignorant of all divine teaching, through whose numbers Mohammed forced others to become his follower's by the violence of his arms. 
There is, finally, another group of Muslims who should not be overlooked. These do not give a fig for Allah nor wish to be 'martyred' in exchange for paradise, but they rely on Islam to justify robbing, enslaving, raping, and killing non-Muslims, as many Christian minorities in nations like Pakistan and Egypt will attest. Because their victims are just 'infidels''îand it's a sin to aid a non-Muslim against a Muslim (that is, a non-tribal member against a tribal member)'îMuslim criminals target non-Muslim minorities precisely because they know Muslim authorities will not do a thing on behalf of the victimized infidels. 
In short, enough of these claims that this or that jihadi is, in the words of the CIA's Brennan, 'terrorists,' 'criminals,' 'psychopathic thugs,' and 'murderers.' Yes, they are. But that doesn't change the fact that one group of them is convinced that no matter how immoral or perverse their behavior is, as long as they continue fighting and dying in the name of jihad, paradise is assured them; and another group doesn't care a bit about the afterlife, but knows that, as long as they only victimize 'infidels,' no Muslim will hold them accountable. In both cases, Islam aids and abets their behavior.
ARTICLE

The Muslim Bloc may have won the battle, but did Israel win the war? October 28, 2016 Ari Lieberman 
By now it should be clear to all but the blindest (or rabidly disingenuous) that the United Nations is an organization that has been co-opted by the nefarious interests of Muslim nations and their despotic third world allies. It is an organization rife with prejudice and hypocrisy. An organization that can undeniably and without equivocation be described as today's greatest purveyor of Judeophobia, historical revisionism and conspiracy theories. This fact is best illustrated by three resolutions passed this year by United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) that deny the indisputable Jewish nexus to the holy city. 
On April 12, the 58-member body voted in favor of an asinine and wholly one-sided resolution that referred to Jewish holy sites in Jerusalem exclusively by their Muslim names and designated the Temple Mount, Judaism's holiest site, as a 'Muslim holy site of worship.' To add insult to injury, the resolution also adopted wild conspiracy theories including a claim that Israel was 'planting Jewish fake graves in other spaces of the Muslim cemeteries.' 
Unsurprisingly, the resolution, which was submitted by seven Muslim nations, passed by a wide margin with 33 votes in favor, six against and 17 abstentions. Two nations were absent for the vote. France, Sweden, Slovenia and Spain shamefully supported the vile resolution. 
That the resolution would pass was never in doubt given the large number of Muslim and despotic third world nations that constitute the makeup of UNESCO but it was hoped that the resolution would fail to garner European support and Israel could thus claim a moral victory. France with its collaborationist past and proclivity to kowtow to the world's despots did not disappoint and predictably voted with the rabble. 
But following the vote, a crack appeared in the fa√ßade of anti-Israel invective so prevalent at the U.N. It appeared that France was having a case of buyer's remorse. In an address to the French parliament, Prime Minister Manuel Valls termed the resolution 'clumsy' and 'unfortunate.' He then added in rather sharp and pointed terms that 'France will never deny the Jewish presence and Jewish history in Jerusalem. It would make no sense; it is absurd to deny this history.' 
France is one of Europe's strongest advocates for the Palestinians. The Palestinian Authority and their Muslim allies at UNESCO should have understood from Valls' statement that future resolutions with similar toxic content would no longer enjoy automatic European support. Instead of declaring victory and moving on, they pressed their luck by introducing another vile resolution in October. 
The October 13 resolution , sponsored by the usual suspects contained nearly identical language as the April resolution. It condemned Israel for various contrived transgressions and again severed the Jewish (and Christian) nexus to the city. This time however, the Muslim bloc was in for a rude awakening. While the resolution passed, the Muslim bloc was unable to garner a majority in the 58-member body. 
Of the 24 nations that voted in favor of the resolution (Mexico later withdrew support lowering the final tally to 23), 14 were composed of states with Muslim majorities while a fifteenth, Nigeria, is 50 percent Muslim, making passage of the resolution a forgone conclusion. What was notable was the fact that this time around, the resolution failed to garner a single western European concurrence. Other developing nations, like India, which had hitherto supported Arab-sponsored drafts also abstained. Israel's behind-the-scenes political offensive aimed at exposing the lunacy of the Muslim initiative was paying dividends. 
Following the resolution's passage, the Palestinians and their Muslim allies suffered additional political reversals. Mexico , asked for a revote because it wished to withdraw support for the motion. Mexico's Secretariat of Foreign Affairs said in a statement that his government's changed position 'reiterates the recognition that the Government of Mexico gives the undeniable link of the Jewish people to the cultural heritage of East Jerusalem.' 
Brazil soon followed suit echoing Mexico's position. In a statement, the Brazilian government noted that it would no longer support such one-sided resolutions. Italy, which had abstained, went one step further and announced that it would actively oppose such resolutions in the future. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi told an Italian radio station that these resolutions were 'incomprehensible, unacceptable and wrong.' He added that 'to say that the Jews have no links to Jerusalem is like saying the sun creates darkness.' 
Even UNESCO's director-general, Irina Bokova voiced disapproval by stating that 'the heritage of Jerusalem is indivisible, and each of its communities has a right to the explicit recognition of their history and relationship with the city.' She later received death threats for voicing objection to the motion. 
On Wednesday, the Palestinian Authority and Jordan introduced a third draft resolution to UNESCO's World Heritage Committee seeking to generate further political terrorism. The proposed resolution once again attempted to sever the Jewish nexus to the city and its holy sites. The 21-member WHC body was expected to pass the resolution by consensus but in a surprise move, Croatia and Tanzania asked for a secret ballot which infuriated the Muslim bloc. Instead of the motion passing by consensus, the vote was 10 in favor, two opposed, eight abstentions and one nation absent. 
The two nations opposing were Tanzania and the Philippines. Of the 10 ayes, seven were Muslim. It was a pyrrhic victory at best. 
Given the large number of Muslim countries represented at the U.N. and the hostility that most of these nations harbor against Israel, it is a virtual certainty that toxic resolutions of this nature will continue to be sponsored and passed. But as evidenced by recent Arab political reversals, gone are the days that the Palestinians can rely on automatic European and non-aligned support. 
Israel has been effectively reaching out to the so-called non-aligned nations and it is having a significant positive impact. Part of the Israeli success lies in the fact that the Jewish state has much to offer these nations in the fields of water technology, agriculture, energy, counter-terrorism, cyber warfare and arms. This outreach has translated to political dividends at the U.N. 
Nevertheless, the UNESCO resolutions serve to highlight the noxious nature and malevolence of many U.N. member states. It also underscores the need for the United States to maintain its commitment and assurance to Israel that it will never allow the U.N. to impose terms and dictates on Israel. 
There have been rumors circulating that Barack Obama in his twilight months would seek to impose a deleterious settlement on Israel utilizing the UN Security Council. The White House has remained uncharacteristically mute on the subject raising fears that there may be some merit to the speculation. 
The administration's objective would be accomplished by actively supporting a proposed anti-Israel resolution, likely introduced by France, or by choosing to abstain rather than exercising a veto. In addition to betraying long-standing commitments to Israel and running counter to strong bipartisan opposition, the notion that the United States would throw Israel under the bus and allow those who engage in despotism and blatant anti-Semitism to have a say on Israel's fate, is beyond asinine. Hopefully, the outrageous conduct exhibited at UNESCO steers the administration in the right direction.
ARTICLE

Originally published by the Jerusalem Post . 
In one of the immortal lines of Godfather 2 , mafia boss Michael Corleone discusses the fate of his brother, who betrayed him, with his enforcer. 'I don't want anything to happen to him while my mother is alive,' Corleone said. 
Message received. The brother was murdered after their mother's funeral. Last week it was reported that the Obama administration has delivered a message to the Palestinian Authority. The administration has warned the PA that the US will veto any anti-Israel resolution brought before the UN Security Council before the US presidential elections on November 8. Message received. Open season on Israel at the Security Council will commence November 9. The Palestinians are planning appropriately. Israel needs to plan, too. Israel's most urgent diplomatic mission today is to develop and implement a strategy that will outflank President Barack Obama in his final eight weeks in power. Lobbying the administration is pointless. Obama has waited eight years to exact his revenge on Israel for not supporting his hostile, strategically irrational policies. And he has no interest in letting bygones be bygones. Before turning to what Israel must do, first we need to understand what Israel can do. A good place to begin is by considering what just transpired at UNESCO, where twice in a week, UNESCO bodies resolved to erase 3,000 years of Jewish history in Jerusalem and the Temple Mount. The fight that Israel waged at UNESCO is not the fight it needs to wage at the Security Council. The stakes at the Security Council are far higher. Like the UN General Assembly, UNESCO's decisions are non-binding declarations that have no legal or operational significance. As such, there is no reason to expend great resources to fight them. For Israel, the goal of the fight at UNESCO is not to defeat anti-Israel initiatives. That is impossible given the Palestinians' automatic majority. The purpose of the fight at UNESCO is to humiliate European governments that side with antisemitic initiatives, and to weaken the congenitally anti-Israel body itself. The government achieved both of these objectives. Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi's disavowal of his own government's abstention from the vote on the first resolution 'ì like the similar position taken after the fact by the Mexican government 'ì was a diplomatic victory for Israel. So too, the fact that UNESCO's own Secretary-General Irina Bukova felt compelled to disavow her own agency's actions by rejecting the resolution's denial of the Jewish people's ties to Jerusalem was a significant victory for Israel. Her statement was deeply damaging for UNESCO and its reputation. Finally, the fact that Tanzania and the Philippines voted against the resolution was a testament to Israel's capacity to convince other governments to abandon their traditional pro-Palestinian voting pattern. The Palestinians won the vote at UNESCO because they are more powerful diplomatically than Israel. They have an automatic anti-Israel majority. But they weren't empowered by their victory. To the contrary. They were bloodied by it. In a sign of their weakening hold on member nations, the Palestinians and Jordanians felt compelled to send a threatening letter to the members of UNESCO's World Heritage Committee lest they dare to vote against the resolution. Powerful players don't make threats. They don't need to. Israel's experience at UNESCO teaches us that there are governments that are open to counteroffers. Israel doesn't need to hide in America's shadow. It is capable of working on its own to blunt the impact of the Palestinians' automatic majority. And it will need to use all of its resources to fend off a US-backed assault at the Security Council. Unlike UNESCO, the Security Council can pass legally binding resolutions. Israel needs to be prepared to bring all of its resources to bear to prevent such a resolution from being adopted against it. Obama's intention to abandon Israel at the Security Council means that Israel comes to this battle severely hobbled. But there is one advantage to the US's betrayal. Over the years, Israel's ability to trust the US to veto anti-Israel resolutions at the Security Council was been a mixed blessing. On the one hand, the US has secured Israel from diplomatic assaults. But on the other hand, our ability to trust Washington has made us diplomatically lazy and ineffective. Safe in Washington's shadow, we have behaved as through all diplomacy is public diplomacy. That is, we have pretended that statecraft begins and ends with making the moral or strategic case for our side against the other guys. But public diplomacy is just one diplomatic tool. The Syrian regime, for instance, has no moral case for securing international support. Bashar Assad didn't convince Russian President Vladimir Putin to support him by arguing that he is better than alternative regimes. He bought Putin's support by offering him permanent air and naval bases in Syria. Then there is Morocco, another weak state with no public diplomacy case to make. Last March, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon outraged Rabat when he acknowledged the plain fact that Western Sahara, which Morocco occupies, is 'occupied territory.' Morocco quickly secured the support of Spain and France and launched an all-out onslaught against Ban. How did Morocco manage? Morocco's most powerful diplomatic resource is its control over migration flows from North Africa to Europe. Anytime it wishes, Rabat can open the migratory floodgates just as easily as it can keep them shut. And the French and Spanish know it. In less than a month, Ban issued repeated abject apologies. Game. Set. Match. Morocco. From reports to date, it appears that shortly after the US elections on November 8, the Malaysians or Egyptians will submit a Palestinian-backed resolution that defines Israeli communities in united Jerusalem, Judea and Samaria as illegal. If the resolution is brought to a vote, the US will fail to veto it. Such a resolution, or a resolution obligating Israel to withdraw to the 1949 armistice lines, would cause Israel grave harm. So what resources does Israel have to prevent this from happening? Of course, we have public diplomacy. And that might work with some friendly nations. But it won't get us over the top. We need to learn from the Syrian and Moroccan examples and consider what we have to offer Security Council members in exchange for their support in scuttling the approaching onslaught against us. One such resource is the US Congress. Israel's allies in Congress are sickened by the Obama administration's devastating Middle East policies. A solid majority of lawmakers can be trusted to support actions that will reinforce Israel's position. Israel has other resources as well that we can trade on. We have natural gas. And we have technologies that the governments of the world require to surmount the challenges of the 21 century. There is no reason to give these resources away when we can trade them for diplomatic support. As for the Palestinians, as the UNESCO vote showed, they are less popular now than at any time in the past 40 years. All they have to offer is threats and antisemitism. Both are powerful weapons. But they are no longer invincible. Israel's goal must be to use our resources at the Security Council in a manner that will make it impossible for Obama to enable an anti-Israel resolution to pass. A method for achieving this goal has two components. The first component is to convince a friendly country on the Security Council to propose a balanced resolution that would counter the Palestinian-backed Israel-bashing one. Such a resolution could include four points. First, it could deplore efforts to deny Jewish history in Jerusalem and the Temple Mount. Second, it can condemn the PA/PLO for their continued unlawful funding of terrorists. Third, it can urge Israel to restrain settlement construction in areas that in previous negotiations have been identified as likely territory for a future Palestinian state. Fourth, it can call on Israel and the PA to reinstate negotiations immediately without preconditions. Israel has friendly ties with a few Security Council members, among them Uruguay and New Zealand. In the final weeks of the Obama era, it is possible that Israel will be able to convince one of them to submit a balanced resolution along these lines. Obama would be hard-pressed to oppose such a resolution in favor of one that singles Israel out for rebuke. But that still is insufficient. Obama can make Uruguay and New Zealand a better offer if he wishes. And so we move to the second aspect of the plan. If we learn nothing else from the Obama era, we must recognize that the time has come for Israel to stop sufficing with just one Security Council veto. Most states have several. And we need a few more. Russia today is the best place to start our search for a second veto. Putin is a dealmaker. As his agreement with Assad showed, he is willing to consider attractive offers. Obviously, Israel won't offer Russia bases. But we do have other things to offer Putin in exchange for a veto. For instance, in exchange for a Russian veto at the Security Council, Israel can offer Putin to lobby the US Congress to cancel US sanctions against Russia over Russia's annexation of Crimea. Israel has no dog in that fight. And the sanctions are not getting the US anywhere. Putin might go for the deal for two reasons. First, by stepping into the breach and defending Israel against Obama, he will humiliate Obama. Second, if Israel succeeds with the Congress, he will reap economic rewards. For his part, Putin wouldn't even have to openly side with Israel. All he would have to do is announce that in the interests of regional stability, Russia will not support an unbalanced resolution on Israel and the Palestinians. If Putin supports a balanced resolution, Obama will be checkmated. His plan to take revenge on Israel for not following him off the strategic cliff will be foiled. Israel will have survived his presidency. None of this will be easy. And success is far from assured. There are many more ways for Israel to fail than succeed. Our diplomatic weakness remains a millstone around our neck. But as the UNESCO resolutions showed, attacking Israel is no longer cost free. We are not powerless in the grip of circumstances. We have cards to play. And now is the time to play them for all they are worth.
ARTICLE

A look at the university's new mission. October 28, 2016 Jack Kerwick 
Jonathan Haidt, a professor of social psychology at New York University, argued in a recently published essay that while its traditional 'telos' (end or goal) has been truth, within the last few decades the university has assumed another: Social Justice. 
The university, however, can only have one telos. 
The conflict between these two goals has raged for decades, Haidt claims. Last year, though, it became unmanageable when student groups at 86 universities and colleges around the country issued ' demands ' to administrators, demands for Social Justice that, by and large, were met. 
The following statement is posted at BlackLiberationCollective.org : 
'We demand at the minimum, Black students and Black faculty to be reflected by the national percentage of Black folk in the state and the country. 
We demand free intuition for Black and indigenous students. 
We demand a divestment from prisons and an investment in communities.' 
A statement of 'principles' follows. The Black Liberation Collective (BLC) opposes 'anti-Blackness;' 'sexism;' 'ableism;' 'capitalism;' 'White privilege;' 'inequality;' and 'heteronormativity.' It rejects as well non-violence considered as a principle in contradistinction to a tactic . 
'Anti-Black racism is woven in the fabric of our global society,' says the BLC. 'When social systems are racialized by white supremacy, whiteness becomes the default of humanity and Blackness is stripped of its humanity, becoming a commodity, becoming disposable.' 
The BLC is 'anti-sexist' insofar as it affirms 'the value of all Black women's lives whether cisgender, transgender, or genderqueer.' In addition to rejecting 'Eurocentric beauty standards that are made to lessen the beauty of Black women and Black women's features,' being 'anti-sexist' also means realizing that 'police brutality, the prison industrial system, school to prison pipeline' and the like are aspects of 'structural racism' that affect black women as much as they impact black men. 
Black liberation entails 'queer liberation' and 'trans liberation.' 'We also seek to destroy the heteronormative norms that dehumanize Black queer people,' the BLC asserts. The 'homophobia' within 'the Black community' comes by way of 'the same hands responsible for white supremacy.' 
Presumably, 'transphobia' within the black community is also a legacy of white supremacy. In cooperation with 'cissexism' and 'the gender binary,' 'transphobia' has 'been used as a means of invalidating and erasing our trans+ family members.' The BLC pledges to 'eliminate' such systemic biases. 
These Social Justice Warriors (SJWs) are staunch opponents of 'the capitalist notions of infinite profit, homogenized markets, and a privatized means of production.' Capitalism, they insist, 'is the economic system' that's been 'used to justify' the 'oppression,' 'marginalization,' and 'exploitation' of blacks. 
Nor is the solution to this 'oppression' to be found in supporting black-owned businesses. The BLC explains that 'we cannot adopt the patriarchal, exploitative tools of our oppressors as we seek liberation.' Rather, the solution is to 'dismantle anti-Black capitalist corporations that benefit from our oppression.' 
It isn't only the 'capitalist corporations' that these students want destroyed. They demand as well 'the eradication of all institutional practices and policies that discriminate against the black community' and 'the removal of all federal, state, and local government officials who do not abide by our principles.' 
'The State and all its institutions that deny Black humanity and Black agency must be dismantled and replaced with those that produce Black liberty.' 
Concerning its attitude toward America, the BLC is clear: 'This country was built to systematically oppress groups of people, and the Black Liberation Collective will not stand for it.' 
Haidt misspeaks in characterizing 2015 as the year when the university experienced a crisis of identity, an unmanageable conflict of goals. To judge from the vast majority of liberal arts, humanities, and social sciences departments, Social Justice long ago eclipsed truth as the raison d'etre of the academy. Interestingly, it is these SJW demands from last year that bear this out. 
Perhaps it is because I've spent the last couple of decades in the academy in the capacity of both student and faculty that I may be more privy to this than are some others, but it's painfully obvious that these student activists did not come up with these demands on their own. If they didn't have their professors actually write the demands for them, then the Black Liberation Collective unquestionably derived the concepts and language of their statement of demands from their mentors. 
To put it bluntly, one must attend college, major in the liberal arts and humanities, and study under far left professors in order to think in the terms that are characteristic of Social Justice Warriors. 
Leftist ideologues are training their students to bend the university to their will. This is the first point. There is, though, another, a rich irony that is lost upon these self-styled radicals. 
For all of their bluster over 'systemic racism' and 'structural white supremacy,' i.e. phenomena that are omnipresent and, hence, largely unconscious, these black students, their white collaborators, and their professors fail to realize that their thinking (for lack of a better term) on these issues is about as Eurocentric as one can get. The ' critical race theory ' to which the BLC subscribe is a version of Marxism, the philosophical vision of a 19 th century German-Jewish man. The Marxist tradition within which they are enmeshed was fleshed out over a span of generations by mostly white heterosexual men. 
But there's more to it than this. 
The idea that 'racism,' 'sexism,' 'homophobia,' 'transphobia,' 'ableism,' and the like against which SJWs rail are evils to be defeated is itself peculiar to the moral traditions of European civilization. If these 'isms' and 'phobias' are immoral it can only be because those who are guilty of them fail to judge the individual as an individual. Color, gender, sexual orientation, ability, and so forth are neither constitutive of nor essential to the moral identity of the individual'îbut only if the framework of the doctrine of individualism is accepted. 
Yet this conception of the sacrosanct individual is as Eurocentric as the proverbial 'apple pie' is American. 
The Social Justice Warriors' intellectual landscape is as much a European 'colony' as was any West African country in the 19 th or early 20 th centuries. Those in the Black Liberation Collective have most definitely internalized the modes of thought of their 'oppressor.' 
Now, they would have been well aware of all this had they received a genuine education in college rather than a training in Social Justice.
ARTICLE

What feminists can learn from Melania Trump. October 28, 2016 Ilana Mercer 
In recent interviews, Donald Trump's wife, Melania Trump, observed wryly that almost every malicious, lie-filled article about herself or he husband was written by a '¶ female. Indeed, women seem to have a particular stake in bringing Mr. Trump down. 
The contrast between Mrs. Trump and the many histrionic shrews prosecuting her husband is stark. In both her interviews with CNN's condescending Anderson Cooper and Fox News's Ainsley Earhardt, Mrs. Trump was the embodiment of "strength." 
When a liberal woman declares she's a strong woman (usually uttered in a tart-like, staccato inflection), she's using a clich√©. Look at her actions. You'll see that "strong" to liberal distaff means kicking and screaming until she brings others into compliance with her worldview and ways. 
A "strong" liberal woman is one who hammers you about your obligation to fork-out for her Trojans and her Trivora. And if birth control fails our liberated libertine, then you're on the hook for her abortions and abortifacients. And don't dare doubt any of the intemperate charges leveled by this prototype liberal succubus against a man, any man. To doubt her is to harm her. 
It was not without significance that Hillary Clinton's first general election speech, in June, was before Planned Parenthood. At the time, media buried the story of one named Rajiv K. Fernando , who had donated to the Clinton Foundation and was given a seat as Hillary's nuclear weapons advisor. Watching this, I was thinking endemic corruption, the $19 trillion debt, the dire jobs report, the terrifying prospect of negative interest rates and the fate of savers. But Hillary and her gyno-brigade in media and across the country were cheering for a universal right to taxpayer-paid dilation and curettage (D&C). 
Melania Trump, on the other hand, is authentically strong. 
In her refusal to impart salacious tell-all tidbits to interviewers, in the way she guards her privacy and that of her family; in her serene, gracious, and beautiful manners and bearing'îMrs. Trump exemplifies a European woman's good breeding. She's a class act. Her enemies are the cultural underclass. 
Nor does Mrs. Trump display any of the histrionics about men exhibited by her American counterparts. There are images on the Internet of presidents being inappropriate with women. In particular, you can watch a grainy YouTube clip of Barack Obama appearing to be showing off his crotch to giggling female reporters. In another, the president, with France's Nicolas Sarkozy, is eying the shapely behind of a young woman passing by. Much to media chagrin, Melania refused to get worked up about the 2005 Access Hollywood tape in which her husband engaged in locker-room talk. 
Men will be men. If they're not saying it; they're thinking it. 
More material than her mien were Melania Trump's words of reason. On the Soviet-style witch-hunt launched against her husband with media mediation, she said this: 'All sexual assault allegations should be handled in a court of law. To accuse someone, man or woman, without evidence is damaging and unfair.' This was the exact verdict of famed defense attorney Tom Mesereau, about the Bill Cosby pile-on. Quit the feeding frenzy. Give the man his due process. Investigate the women, counseled Mesereau, Esq., at the time. 
The very embodiment of the malevolent liberal matriarchy rising is the sainted Michelle Obama. The First Lady was lauded for an unhinged anti-Trump address to the nation's women. In a world where Americans have been beheaded on camera, women raped en masse on Europe's streets, and Christians exterminated in the Middle East'îthe First Lady bewailed being "shaken" to her shallow core by raunchy words. "I can't stop thinking about it," groaned Michelle about Mr. Trump's Access Hollywood indiscretion. It "has shaken me to my core in a way I could not have predicted." 
The ritualistic decapitation on the altar of a Catholic priest by Muslim migrants in France: That's something "I can't stop thinking about." The machine-gunning of five Macy's shoppers and employees by a Turkish Muslim immigrant (Arcan Cetin), in my neck of the woods: That "has shaken me to my core in a way I could not have predicted." Again, Mrs. Obama's pitiful case against Mr. Trump has strengthened nothing but her drama-queen credentials. 
Candidate Clinton crowed that Mrs. Obama's long whinge for women was a "compelling and strong case about the stakes in the election, about who we are as Americans." Indeed, the implicit case Michelle put to women is this: a mammoth national debt, a shrinking job market, rising lawlessness and racial strife, an annual intake of mostly Third-World immigrants exceeding 3 million, the dangers to life and limb of importing more Islam: fuhgeddaboudit. What counts, whimpered Michelle Obama, voice trembling'îyes, Mrs. Obama almost brought herself to tears'îwas to ferret out microaggression, and find a safe-place to hunker down. 
As I write, Sen. Elizabeth Warren has stormed a stage somewhere for Hillary Clinton. Phony Pocahontas is hollering about the power of "nasty women" to immiserate. Clinton and Warren make for a resentful, domineering, power-hungry pair, who've made it big in life through the use of state power. The human backdrop to their displays of female force invariably looks the same. 
Whereas Trump rallies are packed with hope-filled, beaming faces; a Clinton-Warren affair is festooned with malevolent-looking, aggrieved women and their frightened, low-T houseboys. The background music: enfeebled squeaking courtesy of a female pop 'singer' like Katy Perry, whose out-of-tune yelps and bedroom whispers would be unheard, if not for the marvel of Auto-Tune. (Auto-Tune is the 'holy grail of recording' that 'corrects intonation problems in vocals or solo instruments, in real time, without distortion or artifacts.' It was invented by a male engineer.) 
Shudder. 
If this melodramatic, neurotic message is the voice of America's women'îand legions of Republican women have seconded it'îthen count me with HER, with Melania.
ARTICLE

Search Zineb el Rhazoui, Charlie Hebdo Survivor, Discusses Why the World Needs to 'Destroy Islamic Fascism' Undeterred by fatwas and death threats, the author has released an incendiary and thoughtful new book, bound to provoke debate. October 28, 2016 
Reprinted from NyTimes.com. 

She leads a clandestine existence, on the move and under 24-hour guard as France's most protected woman. Yet Zineb El Rhazoui, the Charlie Hebdo journalist who happened to be in Casablanca on January 7 last year, the day terrorists 'avenging the Prophet' massacred nine people at the satirical magazine in Paris, believes she has a duty to defy Islamists desperate to silence her. 
Shaken but undeterred by the fatwas and relentless, precise death threats issued via social media to 'kill the bitch' since she helped produce the publication's first survivors' issue following the attack 'î and spoke about it in Arabic for the Arab press 'î the Moroccan-French writer refuses to assume an anonymous identity. Fleeing Paris or abandoning her human rights activism, and her unforgiving critiques of the religion she grew up with, are also out of the question. 
'I don't have the right to renounce my struggle, or to give up my freedom,' says the reporter and sociologist of religion in an interview with Women in the World, during a recent trip to New York, as part of French president Francois Hollande's delegation when he received the Appeal of Conscience Foundation's World Statesman Award for 2016. 'If the French state protects me it is not little individual me: What is being protected is my freedom to be irreverent, and freedom of expression, so I should exercise this even more because I enjoy this protection.' 
'It's totally crazy. I have done nothing against the law and have nothing to hide, yet I live with security while those who threaten us are free,' El Rhazoui declares with an air of shock and anger that underscores the arbitrariness and brutality visited on a 34-year-old woman condemned to living on the run and mostly in the shadows. 'And if you call them by their names you are Islamophobic and racist. I am racist? I can teach them a few things about Arab culture. I can show them how to discover its richness and the diversity of their culture. I believe this culture deserves universality because you can be Arab, Muslim and a free thinker.' 
Resisting terror 
Sweeping in to the offices of Women in the World in Manhattan, accompanied by bodyguards, the world-renowned journalist is living proof of her pledge to keep 'living her life beyond its limits' as a key way of resisting terror. Elegant and beautiful, with her long, wavy hair flowing freely and in an impeccably tailored black dress, El Rhazoui is reminiscent of 1940s cinema's cerebral heroines 'î her eloquence and composure only occasionally betraying the trauma of the past 20 months. Each time we speak about the aftermath of the massacre at her magazine and how she is coping personally her voice quavers, but when the subject comes back to her fight for reform in Islamic civilization she is fearless. 
In this spirit, El Rhazoui, obliged to spend most of her time in hiding, like Salman Rushdie after his 1989 publication of The Satanic Verses , has taken the high-risk option of publishing an explosive new book about Islam. 
Detruire Le Fascisme Islamique ( Destroy Islamic Fascism ), being released in France this week, takes the battle of ideas directly to the ideologically-driven zealots who inspired the assassins of her dear friend Charb (Stephane Charbonnier), late editor of Charlie Hebdo who preferred 'to die standing than to live on my knees.' 
Obtained exclusively by Women in the World, the book dedicated to 'Muslim atheists' is an unapologetic strike against the strict application of Islam by imitating the first Salafists or 'pious ancestors.' The Prophet Mohammed and his companions, whose violent exploits are contained in 'bellicose texts from a barbaric 7th-century Bedouin tribal context,' exhibited codes of behavior El Rhazoui insists have no place in the modern world and can be directly connected to terrorism. 'The most abject crimes of Islamic State are but a 21st-century remake of what the first Muslims accomplished under the guidance of the Prophet,' she writes, noting that sexual and domestic slavery, the massacre of non-Muslims (notably Jews), pedophilia, pillage, polygamy and summary executions were all adopted from pre-Islamic societies. The book is also the journalist's way of carrying on the legacy of her dead comrades, who reveled in their right to mock established religion and fanatics everywhere 'î with Islam no exception to their traditional French anti-clerical ridicule 'î through satire and caricature. 
Formerly the magazine's religion writer, El Rhazoui is in the throes of joining the exodus of staff breaking from the magazine under its new management. Flush with cash from international donations, the fundamentally altered publication, she disappointedly explained, ' will probably never again draw the Prophet ' out of fear of more reprisals. 
'[And] those who think that only a handful of madmen are capable of killing for a cartoon of Mohammed forget that everywhere that Islam reigns as the religion of the state, caricatures and cartoons in the press are repressed'. El Rhazoui's book, dedicated to 'Muslim atheists,' is an unapologetic strike against the strict application of Islam. Religion of peace and love? 
'We need to admit that Islamism today is applied Islam,' El Rhazoui 'î who describes herself as an 'atheist of Muslim culture' 'ìwrites, responding to politicians, religious figures, Islamophobia opponents and media commentators who claim after every jihadist attack that 'real Islam' has nothing to do with such terror. 
'When we apply Islam to the letter it gives Islamism, and when we apply Islamism to the letter it gives terrorism. So we need to stop saying Islam is a religion of peace and love. What is a moderate Islamist? An Islamist who doesn't kill?' 
The essay-length book is in the grand French polemical tradition of Emile Zola whose J'accuse denounced the anti-Semitism of the French state and establishment during the Dreyfus Affair, on the eve of the 20th century. El Rhazoui, who holds Moroccan and French citizenship, takes aim at a very 21st-century phenomenon: what she abhors as the 'intellectual fraud' of Islamophobia, which pretends to be about anti-racism but in her reckoning is used as a weapon to silence all critics of Islam and the ideas behind it as automatically hostile towards all Muslims. Epitomized by the French Collective Against Islamophobia (CCIF), this deliberate strategy vilifies as Islamophobic voices such as El Rhazoui's who dare question the religion the CCIF and fellow travelers define only through the prism of their own fundamentalism. 
The notion of Islamophobia doesn't even exist in Muslim countries, the author points out, because outside the West, criticism of the religion or Mohammed is officially 'categorized as blasphemy.' 
'Unable to pass blasphemy laws in Europe, groups like the CCIF employ a dangerous 'semantic confusion,' she said. On the CCIF site it is written 'Islamophobia is not an opinion: it is an offense.' 
'This is very dangerous because it has even entered the dictionary as hostility towards Islam and Muslims. Yet criticism of an idea, of Islam or of a religion cannot be characterized as an offense or a crime. I was born and lived under the Islam of Morocco and live in France and I have the right criticize religion and this dictatorship of Islamophobia that says I have no right to criticize! If we criticize Christianity it doesn't mean we are Christianophobes or racist towards the 'Christian race.'' 
The widespread pressure to self-censor is severe, El Rhazoui says. 
'You can no longer speak about Islam without saying it's a religion of peace and love. But when you open any book in Islam what do you find? Violence, blood, oppression of women and hate for other religions. 
'Of course you can find this in other religions, however we are talking about something written many centuries ago during a barbaric time for humanity. As long as we don't talk about this, and keep repeating that Islam is a religion of peace and love, many people will continue to believe the Koran is a constitution, and that rather than being a book written 15 centuries ago reflecting a particular context, it is a legal constitution to apply today.' 
Zineb El Rhazoui feels she is carrying on the legacy of her dead Charlie Hebdo comrades. 
After completing high school in Morocco, El Rhazoui studied languages and the sociology of religion, obtaining a Master's degree from Paris's prestigious social science graduate school EHESS. In her twenties she returned to the country of her birth to work as a journalist at Le Journal Hebdomadaire, becoming a campaigner for secular liberties, such as the right to break the fast and even snack in public during the month of Ramadan. This act of non-violent resistance earned her her first fatwa, ahead of her involvement in the movement supporting the Arab Spring in 2011. The wave of personal attacks and threats that came after her collective protest against Ramadan rules prompted her to leave Morocco again for France where she began to report for Charlie Hebdo, bringing her memories of having 'vomited up compulsory religious classes' in a country where 'being Muslim is not a choice' unless you're Jewish or Christian. 
Extreme personality cult 
So-called Islamic fascism, seen in its most extreme form in groups like ISIS, shares characteristics in common with all extreme-right fascisms, El Rhazoui argues, because it combines an intense personality cult around Mohammed as the incarnation of the nation. It also employs widespread systems of suspicion and denunciation, exemplified by 'sartorial branding' 'î for example Burkinis or niqabs 'î that allow for immediate identification and targeting of non-adherents. There are also familiar fascist tropes of repressive sexism against women and homosexuals, armed militias, adoption of a flag, and a strategy that confers the benign status of 'Muslim women' to heavily veiled adherents in the West, and characterizes them, disingenuously, as victimized objects of exclusion. 
'The literary corpus of Islam is so stuffed with damning accounts it would be difficult to cleanse it without altering the fundamentals of dogma,' El Rhazoui writes. 
'If the terrorists of Daesh [ISIS] behead those they judge to be miscreants, that is because they draw on their legislation in the texts like the 8th surah of the Koran, al-Anfal, verse 12: 'Remember what Your Lord revealed to the angels : I am with you, so support those who have believed. I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve. You can strike them above the neck and strike off every fingertip'. 
'You can be Arab, Muslim and a free thinker' 
Drawing on her personal experience and scholarly knowledge of Islam's core Arabic texts, the politics of the post-Arab Spring Middle East, and the wellspring of reformism and dissidence embraced within the multi-faceted Islamic civilization, El Rhazoui's book is an impassioned response to all the extremists who want to see her and her fellow opponents of politico-religious repression dead. 
The greatest racism is, El Rhazoui argues, the racism of the Islamist ideology that forbids marriage with people who are not Muslims, and that rejects women. 'That is the definition of racism and fascism and we must say it,' the writer adds. 
'Today Islam in the world only has a role as a civilization. A civilization is defined by many things and not uniquely by religion 'î but also by its geographical heritage, its artistic, culinary and sartorial traditions and by literature. 
'The Muslim religion has its place in the modern world if it submits itself fully to the laws that rule humanity today: universal principles of equality between men and women, sexual and individual freedom, and equality for all, no matter your creed or religion. Until Islam has admitted this and accepted that the freedom of men and women is superior to it, Islam will not be acceptable.' 
'Islamophobia whiners' 
Destroy Islamic Fascism aims to puncture the hypocrisy and faux-intellectual 'fakery' (the author's word) of 'Islamophobia whiners' and other 'collaborationists' from across the political spectrum 'î particularly the hard left, 'Crypto-Islamist' anti-racists on a quest for a new 'Muslim proletariat,' certain feminists, cultural relativists and so-called moderate Imams. All these 'willing accomplices' do is distort the noble cause of fighting racism to give undeserved legitimacy to an ideology that at its most extreme results in the horrors of Islamic State, the author says, but also makes the lives of millions of Muslims living in Islamic countries downright miserable. 
'What do these Islamophobia whiners say to the millions of individuals who live in Islamic theocracies and dream of liberty?' El Rhazoui concludes in her book. 'Who speaks about the nightmare of a woman who decides to cross the streets of Algiers, Casablanca or Cairo in a skirt?'¶ those who would like to drink a glass of alcohol in countries where you have to flout the law to do it? '¶ about homosexuals, pariahs of Muslim societies, who often only have the choice of death, prison or exile? Who speaks about this youth born Muslim but dreaming of a normal life, these teens attacked for having had a romance?' 


The summer furore over Burkini bans in France agitated the author who deplored the cynical rush of Islamists and their Western sympathizers in the media, academia and politics to celebrate the controversial swimsuit as a form of 'liberation' and simultaneously a banal piece of cloth preferred by 'Muslim women,' even though most never wear it. 
'Western media, in an intolerable readiness to oblige, have defended the Burkini as a 'freedom' and a legitimate cultural expression of a part of humanity,' she said, but pointed out that 'in Muslim countries the beaches are not filling up with Burkinis, but they are emptying themselves of women. From one year to another, they are disappearing from the public space, because the veil has never been anything except an extension of the walls of their harem to the exterior.' 
As for mainstream or moderate Muslim clerics, El Rhazoui tells Women in the World that during the Burkini debate in France not one Imam stood up and said 'Hey, wait a minute, you can be Muslim and wear a [regular] bathing suit.' 
History will judge those who have monopolized the debate, given a platform to Islamist fundamentalism and even given it a guarantee of acceptability, the author of Destroy Islamic Fascism told Women in the World. 'This is just betrayal and it is collaboration with one of the worst forms of fascism that exists today,' she said. 
According to the writer, who is repeatedly accused of bigotry, the 'Islamophobia ruse' is driven by 'great ignorance' and a lack of understanding of the culture of Islam and what Islam with a big 'I' is 'î 'they ignore its complexity and that there have always been opposition currents and progressive and liberal pushes from within.' 
'The accomplices don't recognize the struggles playing out today in Arab countries will inevitably be won by the democrats and free people. No fascism or totalitarianism has ever been able to win in the long haul of history. The people who are the allies and collaborators of this totalitarianism today will be judged by history and seen as accomplices to this criminal ideology to which they have given a veneer of respectability.' 
For El Rhazoui the true racism emerges from a condescending approach to Islamic culture that decrees an Islamic woman in a burqa is congenitally not free and that her 'race' is the burqa. 'We present the fundamentalists as being a race and this only shows the contempt we have for this culture. It is absolutely intolerable,' she says. 
Survivor syndrome 
Women in the World asked El Rhazoui how she manages to keep up her spirits, and continue her struggle for the freedom to dissent after everything that has happened since January 2015. 
'It is a question people often ask me,' she said with a perceptible tremor in her voice. 'But when you live through these moments in which you are confronted by a reality as cruel and simple as life and death, you realize can put many things in perspective. 
'Straight after the attacks, like many of my colleagues I felt guilty for having stayed alive. I said to myself 'Those who are dead are dead for all our work, and some are dead when it wasn't even their work. But it was my work because I am a journalist and I am still here.' And then you understand this is all part of survivor syndrome, which is normal when you survive a massacre like that. 
'As you start to heal you say, 'I am lucky to be alive and if I am still here perhaps that is because I still have something to do.' I understood long before the attack on Charlie, when I engaged in a struggle for individual liberties and democracy in Morocco, that when you fight against totalitarianism, whether it is political or religious, you should never give your enemies the pleasure of stopping living. We fight so that everyone can have a free and happy life and we must continue to live this same life. 
Zineb El Rhazoui (C) attends the funeral of French cartoonist and Charlie Hebdo editor Stephane 'Charb' Charbonnier, on January 16, 2015 in Pontoise, outside Paris. (MARTIN BUREAU/AFP/Getty Images) 
Still a day doesn't go past when she doesn't think of her old colleague Charb and their many heated discussions. 
'He was someone who was extremely lucid and for whom the concepts were clear. He was a true humanist who didn't fear being accused of being racist because for him it was absurd.' 
El Rhazoui's deconstruction of Islam is also a defense of Muslims, she reasoned, as 'salvation will come when we stop aligning the identity of an entire community with the most fundamentalist people who pretend to represent it.' 
'We have to extend a hand to all these Muslims who are free people, who have questioned their heritage, and who are fighters for liberty, battling for the same values as us but in a context controlled by Islamists,' she says. 
Life in a moving jail 
Since January 2015, the survivor from Charlie Hebdo has traveled frequently to speak at universities and meetings of the Freedom Forum, in Europe and the U.S., under the protection assured by the French state and the countries that receive her. She says she would never complain about living under permanent armed guard and having her freedom of mobility curtailed, because so many other writers and political figures around the world 'î and especially in Islamist-controlled or influenced countries 'î are taking the brave decisions to do as she does but without any security. 
'I always find some spaces of freedom. There are always little escape hatches. Life continues!' says the woman who has just written her second book since the Charlie attacks, and recently became a first-time mother, in what she laughingly called the surprise 'baby boom' at a publication that used to have 'one of the lowest birthrates in French media.' 
'Today I wander around in a moving jail 'î it's a moving cage 'î but in reality I am more free in my head than those who threaten me. Because their cage is inside their head. They have this cage in their brain and even if they have freedom of movement it is their spirit and their reason and intelligence that is imprisoned. I am much freer than them.' 
Follow Emma-Kate Symons on Twitter @eksymons.
ARTICLE

Pro-Palestinian Propaganda Lowering Standards of Truth in America Manipulation by doctored narratives in every sphere. October 28, 2016 
Reprinted from IsraelNationalNews.com . 
Commendably, organized American Jewry is finally focused on the campaign to boycott, de-legitimize, and sanction Israel. However, focusing primarily on Israel, and not also on America and Europe, is short-sighted. 
The BDS campaign has not devastated Israel economically. Israel is thriving both economically and in terms of regional alliances'îbut fifty years of a well-funded propaganda campaign has all but destroyed Israel's good name and has rendered her and Jews everywhere vulnerable to diplomatic, academic, and mob attacks. 
It has also lowered the standards for truth among Americans. This is a very important point. 
An Islamic-style of Jew hatred has merged with Western, politically correct anti-racism to breed an unnatural passion for "Palestinians," (Fakestinians), which has infiltrated every corner, every crevice of our lives and world. It has infected Americans and Europeans on both sides of the aisle and of every class, race, and ethnicity. 
This is utterly astounding, amazing really; something like this does not happen overnight. 
The BDS campaign is rooted in the Arab League, PLO, and Soviet propaganda campaign that began in the mid-1960s. In the mid-1970s, the UN proposed its infamous Zionism=Racism resolution. 
In 1967, the day after Israel won yet another war of self-defense, Israel--not the Arab aggressors--was seen as the alleged "occupier." 
By the late 1970's, Edward Said's treacherous, lying work had begun to have its way with Western academics, (and with Western-style academics in Israel), European governments, and international organizations. 
I only realized how successful his campaign was in 1980, when Israel was demonized at a UN conference on Women in Copenhagen. The Soviets, the Iranians, the Arab League, the PLO-- roamed the hallways chanting "Death to Israel;" European feminists called upon "Palestinian" refugees but refused to hear Jewish-Israeli refugees from Arab and Muslim countries. By 2001, the UN World Conference Against Racism in Durban was an even more out-of-control Hate Fest and riot against Israel. 
As we approach 2017, UN Resolutions against Israel are as commonplace as they are grotesque. UNESCO's recent decision to De-Judaize Jerusalem, the Western Wall, and the First and Second Temples is a grim and maddening continuation of this trend. At the same time, pro-Israel professors and students in America are increasingly being harassed, even fired. 
Such Lies have infiltrated my private social world. For example: At a recent holiday dinner, our guests agreed that we live in criminal and anarchic times and that no great power has stopped global barbarism, no entity is willing to bring the world back from the brink. 
A like-minded gathering, yes? Not exactly. One man, a genial, well-heeled, well-educated Jewish-American suddenly began hectoring us about the "Palestinians." "What if they did not hate the Jews and destroyed all their textbooks that demonize Jews and Israelis? What if they were peaceful? Wouldn't we have to admit that Palestinians have always existed and therefore deserve a state of their own? You can't deny that the Palestinian people have always lived there, can you?" Oh my. Where to start? The company included two author-scholars who, between them, have published 15 books and thousands of articles, many of them dealing with the history and nature of Islam, tribal gender and religious apartheid, Israel, and anti-Semitism, etc. Among us was a third author, who had also served four tours of duty in the IDF. I held my breath and prayed that we would not go to war at the table. This man was punching way above his pay grade and I could not understand why. 
The two author-scholars presented facts, cited statistics. I pulled down book after book from my shelves. We got nowhere. "Look," he said. "I have some really good Muslim friends, they're Americans, totally Westernized, they are Palestinians. They strongly feel that this is their identity. Why deny them the identity of their choice?" And then I understood that the pro-Palestinian/anti-Zionist propaganda behind the relentless BDS campaign is successful precisely because so many Americans of all ages, are without knowledge; without respect for knowledge; do not know this; and frankly, don't care. 
"Fair is fair," he said. In other words: What's good for the Jews has to be good for everyone else. If not, the Jews don't deserve whatever it is either. 
Here's a man who's not an anti-Semite or an anti-Zionist; not an active member of any organization--yet who needs to believe the canard that non-Jewish "Palestinians" have always existed; or that they existed by the nineteenth century or no later than 1948, the year that another stateless people--the Jews--chose a national sovereign identity. 
He would not listen to reason. It was quite astounding. How is this possible? 
His mind-set is part of our ruling American zeitgeist. If Rachel Dolezal can say she's "black" even when she's "white" and direct a chapter of the NAACP; if a man can say that he's really a woman, trapped in a man's body; if all truth(s) are "relative;" if everything is "subjective;" if objectivity is no longer important; if doctored narratives have supplanted fact-based histories; if revisionism is preferred to truth--then, yes, anyone can say that they deserve their own nation state because they "feel" or "believe" that they do. 
I am grateful to my combative guest for reminding me that ignorance is often arrogant and as such, is a great enemy; that educated people have been especially vulnerable to False Ideas; that, psychologically speaking, we must approach them as if they've been brainwashed by a cult. 
Facts alone will not work. We must consider all known techniques for de-programming. 
This is one of our greatest challenges.
ARTICLE

US Navy: Iran Giving Terrorists Missiles to Fire at US Ships October 28, 2016 
There's only one possible solution. 
Let's load $400 million in unmarked foreign currency on an unmarked cargo plane and deliver it to Iran, Then make follow that up with a few more. And make sure Iran scores $150 billion in sanctions relief. 
That's how we got here . It's SmartPower, which is neither smart nor powerful. 
Earlier this month US Navy ships had to fire defensive interceptor missiles after they were targeted by attacks launched from Houthi-controlled Yemen. 
This was likely the first time in history the Navy had to take such measures, and officials are now saying they think Iran is behind the attacks. 
"We believe that Iran is connected to this," Vice Admiral Kevin Donegan told NBC News. In fact, the US has intercepted many shipments of weapons from Iran to the Houthi militants, who oppose Yemen's internationally recognized government in a conflict that has seen thousands of civilian deaths and mass starvation of the civilian population. 
The intercepted shipments "were filled with coastal defense cruise missiles, boats that we believe were explosive boats, other weapons that were clearly on the decks of their ships that we saw," Donegan said. 
I'm sure there's no chance that the billions Obama lavished on Iranian jihadists have in any way freed up the terror state to open its own Jihadi candy store. Not a chance. 
And I'm sure that when Iran gets the nuclear weapons that Obama is enabling, it will use them as responsibly as it's using its cruise missiles.
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton Seeks Even More Unfit Secretary of State Than Her October 28, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Having never read any medieval German folk tales, Hillary Clinton is counting her chickens before they've hatched and preparing to hand out jobs that no one has handed her to hand out. She's busy planning her fantasy cabinet for her fantasy administration. 
And her big pick makes sense. 
Reportedly she would like to make Joe Biden the Secretary of State. Biden is the obvious choice. He's arrogant, dumb and brimming with bright ideas like just giving Iran money or splitting Iraq into little pieces. Obviously this wouldn't be a competency pick. The last time we had someone qualified as Secretary of State was during President Bush's time in office. 
Then Democrats decided they would give the job as a consolation prize to failed presidential candidates. Because our foreign policy is just that important. 
And who could be counted on to make an even bigger mess than Hillary Clinton or John Kerry... Joe Biden. It's a perfect plan. If you want a fall guy to blame everything on, they don't come any more obvious than Joe Biden. 
And if you want someone shadowed by the soft bigotry of low expectations, you've gotta go Joe. 
Joe Biden could accidentally start WW3 and everyone would shrug and say, "That's just Joe."
ARTICLE

The Bundy Verdict is Another Defeat for Obama October 28, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Obama Inc. has a lot more luck with the media than it does with trials. Its lynchings of police officers have not gotten very far. Baltimore was the biggest and most resounding defeat. But it wasn't the only one. And the vastly differing treatment of the Bundy protesters and the Dakota pipeline protesters, from killing to government backing, have not had their intended effect. 
Instead Obama lost at trial. Again. 
This time it's the Bundy case. That was when the left realized it hated civil disobedience, just before rediscovering it again when it came to environmental protests. But big gov lost this one . Again. 
A jury Thursday delivered a stunning across-the-board acquittal to the leaders and participants in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupation and a remarkable blow to the federal government as it tries to tamp down a national movement led by a Nevada family to open public lands to ranchers, miners and loggers. 
The verdicts finding Ammon Bundy, older brother Ryan Bundy and five others not guilty of a federal conspiracy drew elation from defense attorneys who spent five weeks arguing that the armed takeover amounted to a time-honored tradition of First Amendment protest and civil disobedience. 
The high-profile case riveted the state and drew national and international attention to the isolated bird sanctuary in rural eastern Oregon. The jury's decision proved no less dramatic and sets up a showdown in the next stage of the land-rights movement. 
It means that Big Green Gov will have to think twice next time around. Or do a much better job of picking a jury. 
The Oregon prosecutors sat silently in front of their boss, U.S Attorney Billy Williams, and the head of the FBI in Oregon, Greg Bretzing, as the judge announced the "not guilty'' pleas one by one. 
But it was quickly back to more of the same. 
ut the trial fireworks weren't quite over. A brawl broke out at the very end, when six to seven U.S. marshals surrounded Ammon Bundy's lawyer as he stood before the judge, arguing and shouting for his client to walk out the door a free man. They tackled him and stunned him with a Taser gun. As Mumford yelled, "What are you doing?,'' U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown ordered, "Everybody out of the courtroom!'' 
"All I was asking for was papers,'' Mumford said after emerging from federal custody nearly two hours later. "Just show me you have the authority to take Mr. Bundy into custody.''
ARTICLE

Hillary's Secretary of State After 9/11: "Send a Check for $200 Million to Iran"   
We're talking about "Tehran Joe" Biden of course who is good pals with the Iran Lobby. Biden is reportedly Hillary's fantasy cabinet pick for Secretary of State. Because the Democrats have decided that Secretary of State is a job too important to be trusted to experienced diplomats, but should instead be reserved strictly as a consolation prize for failed presidential candidates. 
Here's a flashback on Biden's views . 
Democratic vice-presidential candidate Joe Biden was quoted Monday as telling senior Israeli officials behind closed doors that the Jewish state will have to reconcile itself to a nuclear Iran. In the unsourced report, Army Radio also quoted Biden as saying that he opposed "opening a additional military and diplomatic front." Army Radio said Israeli officials expressed "amazement" over the remarks attributed to him. "Israel will have to reconcile itself with the nuclearization of Iran," Army Radio quoted Biden as telling the unnamed officials. 
Biden's people loudly denied the report, but he had a history of being tight w ith the Iran Lobby. 
Some might call it reaching out to American Muslims. But to many Iranians living in California, a fund-raiser for Sen. Joseph Biden (D-Del.) at the home of a prominent pro-Iran lobbyist on Feb. 19 sent a wrongheaded message to the ruling clerics in Tehran. 
"When we learned that Sen. Biden was planning to hold a fund-raiser at the California home of Dr. Sadegh Namazi-khah, we immediately contacted his office to express our dismay," a prominent Iranian-American activist tells Insight. Why dismay? 
"Dr. Namazi-khah is well-known in the Los Angeles area for his support of the ruling clerical regime in Tehran and is one of the regime's leading unofficial lobbyists in America. We thought that Sen. Biden might not know his background. Getting the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to appear at this event will certainly be seen by the regime in Tehran as a show of support." 
On the eve of the fund-raiser, which brought an estimated $30,000 into Biden's re-election coffers, a Biden staffer told the activist that the senator's staff "had all the facts necessary to make a decision," and he was planning to attend the fund-raiser despite the protests. 
Several participants who paid to attend the event tell Insight that Biden arrived at 8 p.m., stayed until 11 and delivered a sweeping condemnation of President George W. Bush's "Axis of Evil" formula. 
As Senator, Biden was not only undermining Bush, but fundraising off it at the home of supporters of a terrorist enemy state. 
Biden also impressed many of those present with his friendly attitude toward the Islamic Republic of Iran. The senator said that "Iran always wanted to be an ally of the United States and to have good relations with the U.S.," according to Housang Dadgostar, a prominent lawyer. "As Iranian-Americans, we don't want anything to happen to the Iranian government or to the Iranian people as a result of this war on terrorism," says Mohsen Movaghar, a Los Angeles businessman. Both men belong to the 70-member board of directors of Namazi-khah's Iranian Muslim Association of North America (IMAN). 
Namazi-khah denied any official contact with the Iranian government. But he tells Insight that he regularly travels to Iran 'î something many expatriates do 'î and that he actively supports "moderates" within the ruling clergy, such as Iranian President Mohammad Khatami, in their efforts to bring reform to the Islamic system. 
Namazi-khah and other IMAN board members say Biden's office contacted them to inquire if they would hold a private fund-raiser for the senator, who is up for re-election this year, after meeting with them at a pro-Tehran gala in New York last December. That event was sponsored by the American-Iranian Council (AIC), a pro-regime lobbying group trying to get Congress and the Bush administration to lift the trade embargo on Iran. 
But Biden had the perfect post 9/11 reaction . 
After September 11th, Biden Suggested Sending $200 Million To Iran, "No Strings Attached," As A Gesture Of Good Faith To The Arab World. 
"At the Tuesday-morning meeting with committee staffers, Biden launches into a stream-of-consciousness monologue about what his committee should be doing, before he finally admits the obvious: 'I'm groping here.' Then he hits on an idea: America needs to show the Arab world that we're not bent on its destruction. 
'Seems to me this would be a good time to send, no strings attached, a check for $200 million to Iran' Biden declares. 
He surveys the table with raised eyebrows, a How do ya like that? look on his face." 
Traitor says what?
ARTICLE

Weiner Sexting of 15-Year-Old Girl Leads to New FBI Investigation of Hillary Emails   
The giant flaming garbage dump that is Clintonworld is offering up a wonderful new development sure to excite anyone who wanted to combine the Weiner scandal and the Hillary email scandal. 
Yes Virginia, you can now have both of them in one. Like peanut butter and jelly or shampoo and conditioner in one, they've been merged into one horrible stinking landfill for your entertainment and the downfall of the republic. 
The FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private server while secretary of state after discovering new emails 'ì apparently during the probe of former Rep. Anthony Weiner's sexting 'ì in a stunning turn of events just days before the presidential election. 
FBI Director James Comey wrote in a letter to top members of Congress Friday that the bureau has 'learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.' 
Comey did not detail those emails, saying only that they surfaced 'in connection with an unrelated case.' 
An FBI source, though, confirmed to Fox News that the new emails were discovered after the bureau seized devices belonging to disgraced Rep. Weiner and his wife Huma Abedin, a top Clinton aide who recently announced she was separating from the former congressman. The New York Times first reported on the Weiner investigation connection, noting the FBI had been probing texts Weiner sent to a 15-year-old girl. 
As Donald Trump and congressional Republicans seized on the FBI's decision, interim Democratic Party leader Donna Brazile simply tweeted, 'Good grief,' after the news of the Anthony Weiner connection broke. 
Can't argue with her there. 
It would be hilarious if Anthony Weiner and thereby Huma Abedin led to the downfall of Hillary's lifelong ambition. You just know someone is going to "commit suicide" in a D.C. park. 
But does anyone in the Democratic Party really look forward to 4 to 8 years of this? This is how big of a mess Hillary is now. We've reached the point where her ongoing email scandal is now intertwined with a sexting investigation of a 15-year-old girl. And that's just during the election.
ARTICLE

Obama's UN Ambassador: Cuba is Right About Our Human Rights October 29, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
You may remember Ambassador Samantha Power from the time she proposed invading Israel. Since then she's gone on to a glorious career of representing the Castro regime at the UN. Or is it the Obama regime. It naturally gets confusing when the US Ambassador to the UN sides with the enemy against her own country. 
"For more than 50 years, the United States had a policy aimed at isolating the government of Cuba. For roughly half of those years, UN Member States have voted overwhelmingly for a General Assembly resolution that condemns the U.S. embargo and calls for it to be ended. The United States has always voted against this resolution. Today the United States will abstain. [Applause.] Thank you." 
Under Obama, Power was told to abstain from opposing a resolution critical of the United States. And they say Obama is some sort of anti-American traitor. I don't see it. If he were, we would be seeing signs of it by now. 
Anyway, Power then went on to audition for the job of the UN ambassador from Cuba by claiming that critiques from a brutal Communist dictatorship about our human rights are well-founded... 
"Let me be among the first to acknowledge 'ì as our Cuban counterparts often point out 'ì that the United States has work to do in fulfilling these rights for our own citizens. And we know that at times in our history, U.S. leaders and citizens used the pretext of promoting democracy and human rights in the region to justify actions that have left a deep legacy of mistrust." 
Somehow though siding with Communist dictatorships who are the enemy while betraying our allies in the region does not create any mistrust. Only opposing the left does.
ARTICLE

Obama's DOJ Hasn't Approved Warrant for FBI of New Hillary Emails   
Lynch and Obama's corrupted DOJ have switched to overtly undermining the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton. Remember those Hillary emails that have come up in the Weiner investigation? 
As of Saturday night, the FBI had still not gotten approval from the Justice Department for a warrant that would allow agency officials to read any of the newly discovered Abedin emails, and therefore are still in the dark about whether they include any classified material that the bureau has not already seen. 
'We do not have a warrant,' a senior law enforcement official said. 'Discussions are under way [between the FBI and the Justice Department] as to the best way to move forward.' 
This is Michael Isikoff so the spin is an attack on Comey. Though if Comey couldn't get Lynch to sign off on a warrant, the public announcement could very well have been his way of pressuring the DOJ to do the right thing. Now that the emails are an election issue, the only way to move forward is to allow the FBI to review them. 
But the Dems and the media are currently attacking Comey and the Isikoff piece is a typical example. Rather than tell the truth that the DOJ is obstructing the Hillary investigation, it's smearing the FBI instead. As so many have pointed out, imagine if Nixon had been a Democrat. This is the way the media would have covered Watergate. 
Meanwhile the Dems are also screaming that Comey tell them about the emails that they refuse to grant him access to.
ARTICLE

Huma Abedin Swore Under Oath She Had No Emails, She Lied   
Again, if we had anything resembling a rule of law, Huma would be in jail. People in Federal investigations have gone to jail for much lower acts of dishonesty and deception . 
The rebooted FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton's emails was spurred by emails turned up during the Anthony Weiner sexting investigation. Those emails that Huma Abedin swore she gave up . 
But the new information that the FBI found State Department-related email on her home laptop also calls into question whether Abedin in fact turned over all of the devices she used to send and receive email while working at State. 
On June 28, 2016, Abedin said under oath in a sworn deposition that she looked for all devices that she thought contained government work on them so the records could be given to the State Department. (These records were subsequently reviewed by the FBI.) 
'How did you go about searching for what records you may have in your possession to be returned to the State Department?' Attorney Ramona Cotca for Judicial Watch asked her. 
'I looked for all the devices that may have any of my State Department work on it and returned 'î returned 'î gave them to my attorneys for them to review for all relevant documents. And gave them devices and paper,' Abedin answered. 
Is anyone really surprised that Huma Abedin lied. The real question is whether or not she will be held accountable.
ARTICLE

Obama's Attorney General Warned FBI Director Not to Inform Congress of New Hillary Investigation   
The media is shamelessly spinning this corrupt behavior by Attorney General Lynch as standard protocol and blasting the FBI from deviating from some imaginary standard in which Democratic presidential candidates are supposed to be immune from the consequences of their criminality . And Congress is meant to be kept in the dark. 
Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates disagreed with FBI Director James Comey's decision to notify Congress about his bureau's review of emails potentially related to Hillary Clinton's personal server, law enforcement officials familiar with the discussion said. 
There was no direct confrontation between Lynch or Yates and Comey. Instead, the disagreements were conveyed to Comey by Justice Department staff, who advised the FBI chief his letter would be against department policy to not comment on investigations close to an election, the officials said. 
It is in line with policy though for Lynch to have met with Bill Clinton. 
But yes, a Hillary backer disagreed with a course of action damaging to her candidate. 
Comeydecided to disregard their concerns and sent the letter Friday anyway, shaking the presidential race 11 days before the election and nearly four months after the FBI chief said he wouldn't recommend criminal charges over the Democratic nominee's use of the server. 
The officials acknowledged there was little Lynch and Yates could do given the fallout over Lynch's controversial meeting over the summer with former President Bill Clinton. 
Note how the media is spinning this as Comey's drastic course of action while Lynch is just being a responsible public servant. The default assumption is that Comey is in the wrong for providing information to one of the major branches of government and the greater public.
ARTICLE

Dems File Complaint w/DOJ Against FBI for Investigating Hillary   
It's an obviously absurd move, but considering that the DOJ has become a transparently political organization that abuses and attacks law enforcement on a regular basis including, in the Eric Garner case, the FBI, this is just how things work in the hall of mirrors that the left has made . 
The Democratic Coalition Against Trump filed a complaint with the Department of Justice Office of Professional Responsibility on Friday against FBI Director James Comey for interfering in the Presidential election, following the FBI's decision to open up an investigation into Secretary Clinton's emails this close to Election Day. Federal employees are forbidden from participating in political activities under the Hatch Act. 
'It is absolutely absurd that FBI Director Comey would support Donald Trump like this with only 11 days to go before the election,' said Scott Dworkin, Senior Advisor to the Democratic Coalition Against Trump. 'It is an obvious attack from a lifelong Republican who used to serve in the Bush White House, just to undermine her campaign. Comey needs to focus on stopping terrorists and protecting America, not investigating our soon to be President-Elect Hillary Clinton.' 
It's silly grandstanding and seems easy enough to dismiss.Except that bizarre and unlikely tactics, no longer are. There was outrage over MoveOn's attack on Petraeus and even most Dems thought that it was unhelpful. This attack on Comey I suspect will meet with little criticism. Some Dems will consider it a helpful preemptive move even though with his track record, Comey is as likely to hurt Hillary as he is himself.
ARTICLE

Sioux Indians Wish Dakota Pipeline Protesters Would Go Home October 30, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
The ecoloons protesting the Dakota pipeline have the support of the media and the White House. But many of the local Sioux don't see them as defenders. They just wish they would go home . 
Ask around and you'll hear stories of pipeline protesters who've traveled great distances. They've come from Japan, Russia and Germany. Australia, Israel and Serbia. And, of course, there are the allies, not exclusively Native American or indigenous, who've flocked here from all corners of the US. 
Demonstrating is their proud daily work. 
The obnoxious leftists of the world have united. And they want no pipelines or showers. 
No one makes this clearer than Robert Fool Bear Sr., 54, district chairman of Cannon Ball. The town he runs, estimated population of 840, is just a few miles from the action. It's so close that, given the faceoffs with law enforcement, you have to pass through a police checkpoint to reach it. 
It's about time people heard from folks like him, he says. 
Fool Bear has had it with the protesters. He says that more than two years ago, when members of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe could have attended hearings to make their concerns known, they didn't care. Now, suddenly, the crowds are out of control, and he fears it's just a matter of time before someone gets seriously hurt. 
Go down to the camps, he says, and you won't see many Standing Rock Sioux. 
"It irks me. People are here from all over the world," he says. "If they could come from other planets, I think they would." 
And the Sioux are stuck helping leftist idiot protesters. 
Not long ago, he found three teenage girls from Ontario, Canada, camped out inside his storage shed. A white woman from Spokane, Washington, came to see him for help, saying she'd come here with nothing and her car had broken down. When he was at the casino recently, someone approached him about two young kids who were on their own because their parents had been arrested. 
Even though Fool Bear is against the protests, that doesn't mean he's not preparing to help people out, too. He anticipates opening the community gymnasium for people without beds come winter, and a growing pile of sleeping bags and blankets sits in his office. 
Those protesters from Arizona, Georgia and California won't know what hit them when the cold rushes in, he says. 
Instead of helping the Sioux, privileged leftists have become a burden for them to take care of.
ARTICLE

Media Spin: The FBI's Actions Are Deeply Troubling, Not Hillary's   
So the Hillary email investigation was reopened due to a sexting investigation of her close aide's husband. So the media focused its outrage and disgust not on the gruesome Weiner-Abedin-Hillary trio, but on the FBI. Reporting line from the alternate universe that the left inhabits, the media is brimming with headlines attacking the FBI for investigating Hillary. 
Hillary Clinton called the FBI's actions "deeply troubling." They should be. For her. But instead the media made the propagandistic decision to upend the scandal coverage by portraying the FBI's actions in investigating Hillary as the scandal. Rather than Hillary's own actions. 
The agenda is blatantly obvious. But it's also telling that the left has decided that the real scandal is investigating their own.
ARTICLE

Obama Donations Funneled Through Fake Bonuses   
This is some great investigative work. And it's the kind of story that flies under the radar and it's just a small component of the Democratic machine. But it is what the setup looks like . 
Jon Tester didn't come all the way from Montana for the scrambled eggs and bacon. The US senator, virtually unknown in Boston, was in a conference room at the Thornton Law Firm that June morning to cash in at one of the most reliable stops on the Democratic fund-raising circuit, a law firm that pours millions into the coffers of the party and its politicians. 
Tester, a massive, jovial man who raises livestock on his family farm, was more compelling than many of the other breakfast guests, all of them political candidates the firm hoped would defend the interests of trial attorneys. But the drill was basically the same. The personal injury lawyers listened politely for a few minutes, then returned to their offices. And Tester walked away with $26,400 in checks. 
But a striking thing happened the day Tester visited in 2010. Partner David C. Strouss received a payment from the firm labeled as a 'bonus' that exactly equaled his $2,400 contribution to Tester's campaign, the maximum allowed. A few days later, partner Garrett Bradley 'î until recently the House assistant majority leader on Beacon Hill 'î got a bonus, too, exactly matching his $2,400 gift to Tester. 
That's quite a coincidence. 
From 2010 through 2014, Strouss and Bradley, along with founding partner Michael Thornton and his wife, donated nearly $1.6 million to Democratic Party fund-raising committees and a parade of politicians 'î from Senate minority leader Harry Reid of Nevada to Hawaii gubernatorial candidate David Ige to Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts. Over the same span, the lawyers received $1.4 million listed as 'bonuses' in Thornton Law Firm records; more than 280 of the contributions precisely matched bonuses that were paid within 10 days. 
No corruption to see here. Now let's move on to another fake scandal. 
Thornton's lawyers were especially generous to Vice President Joe Biden, one of Washington's strongest advocates for trial lawyers, contributing more than $78,000 to his campaigns from 2003 to 2008. 
During President Obama and Biden's reelection campaign in 2012, Michael Thornton hosted a fund-raiser for the Obama Victory Fund at his house in Cambridge, where Biden was the guest of honor. Some of the biggest donors 'î some Thornton partners gave $20,000 'î were escorted into a private room and offered the chance to be photographed with Biden, said someone who was there. Thornton records show the lawyers were reimbursed for those donations. 
Hope and change.
ARTICLE

Hillary Campaign Launching Attacks on the FBI October   
If the Clinton campaign becomes any more deranged, Hillary will start running attack ads against the FBI. This kind of tactic is already perilously close to an attack ad. 
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign ratcheted up its attack on the director of the FBI on Sunday, circulating a draft letter critical of James Comey to former federal prosecutors. 
'It is out of our respect for such settled tenets of the United States Department of Justice that we are moved to express our concern with the recent letter issued by FBI Director James Comey to eight Congressional Committees,' the Clinton campaign's letter speaking for prosecutors said. 
The letter was signed and provided to The Daily Beast by Elkan Abramowitz, a former chief of the criminal division of the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York. It is expected to be released Sunday evening. 
So we have the bizarre spectacle of Hillary deciding that she needs to campaign against the head of the FBI, who was just being praised for clearing her, because when you're a paranoid personality who assembles lists of enemies, this is how you react. But it's also telling that the Clinton campaign finds this so threatening that it is waging war on the FBI.
ARTICLE

Obama's DOJ Also Obstructed Clinton Foundation Investigation October   
We now know that Lynch and Obama's DOJ are obstructing the investigation of Hillary Clinton's emails. The biased media is predictably spinning this as the FBI being in the wrong and Hillary's backers at the DOJ being in the right. 
But it also appears that the DOJ was obstructing any investigations of Hillary. Including that of the Clinton Foundation. 
The FBI field office in New York had done the most work on the Clinton Foundation case and received help from the FBI field office in Little Rock, the people familiar with the matter said. 
In February, FBI officials made a presentation to the Justice Department, according to these people. By all accounts, the meeting didn't go well. 
Some said that is because the FBI didn't present compelling evidence to justify more aggressive pursuit of the Clinton Foundation, and that the career public integrity prosecutors in the room simply believed it wasn't a very strong case. Others said that from the start, the Justice Department officials were stern, icy and dismissive of the case. 
'That was one of the weirdest meetings I've ever been to,' one participant told others afterward, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Justice Department officials told the FBI at the meeting they wouldn't authorize more aggressive investigative techniques, such as subpoenas, formal witness interviews, or grand-jury activity. But the FBI officials believed they were well within their authority to pursue the leads and methods already under way, these people said. 
Of course the DOJ wouldn't authorize investigations of the Democratic Party's chosen. That's the type of elemental corruption at work in the system.
ARTICLE

Ex-Assistant FBI Director: Clintons Are a Crime Family October   
That's quite an endorsement . And if there's anything top FBI officials now, it's crime families. Certainly this is probably the first serious level of experience that Hillary can claim in any field. 
'The Clintons, that's a crime family, basically,' former assistant FBI director James Kallstrom said. 'It's like organized crime. I mean the Clinton Foundation is a cesspool.' 
'Kallstrom, best known for leading the investigation into the explosion of TWA flight 800 in the late '90s, said that Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, was a 'pathological liar.' 
He also blasted Attorney General Loretta Lynch, claiming that she impeded the investigation into Clinton's private server. 
'The problem here is this investigation was never a real investigation,' he said. 'That's the problem. They never had a grand jury empanelled, and the reason they never had a grand jury empanelled, I'm sure, is Loretta Lynch would not go along with that.' 
Kallstrom also said that FBI Director James Comey and the rest of the FBI's leadership were responsible for holding back the investigation, not the rest of the bureau. 
'The agents are furious with what's going on, I know that for a fact,' he said. 
But according to the media, the FBI investigating Hillary is the real crime.
ARTICLE

Americans Seek to Help Persecuted Christians , Government Helps Muslims The people of the United States get it, but the Obama administration could care less. October 31, 2016 
Originally published by the Gatestone Institute. Raymond Ibrahim is a Shillman Fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center. 
As the Muslim persecution of Christians continues to reach critical proportions around the world (see report below), the average American shows much more concern than the current administration. Soon after it was revealed that the Obama administration has taken in 5,435 Muslim refugees, but only 28 Christians'îeven though Christians are approximately 10 percent of Syria's population and are classified as experiencing a genocide there'îa poll found that more than three quarters of American respondents agreed with the statement: 'It is important to me that the next US President be committed to addressing the persecution that some Christians face around the world (eg., imprisonment, beheadings, rape, loss of home and assets).' 
The deliberate targeting and killing of Christians in Europe also reached unprecedented levels in modern times. Most notably, on the morning of July 26, ' Allahu Akbar ' shouting Muslims stormed a small church in France during morning mass. They forced 85-year-old Fr. Jacques Hamel to his knees, slit his throat, and ' critically injured ' a nun, before being killed by police. (It was later revealed that police had known that church was being targeted and had even been monitoring one of the murderers for at least one-and-a-half years.) 
Later, when a journalist asked Pope Francis if Fr. Jacques was ' killed in the name of Islam ,' the pope disagreed. He argued that he hears of Christians committing violence every day in Italy: 'this one who has murdered his girlfriend, another who has murdered the mother-in-law'¶ and these are baptized Catholics! There are violent Catholics! If I speak of Islamic violence, I must speak of Catholic violence.' The logic of the pope's statement seems to be that violence done in direct contradiction of the Judeo-Christian God's commandments'îsuch as the murder of wives and mothers-in-law'îis identical to violence done in accordance with Allah's commandments to wage jihad on 'infidels.' 
In ISIS-controlled territories in Iraq and Syria, reports of Christians being tortured to convert, maimed, crucified, burned alive, beheaded, or sold into sex slavery continued to emerge. In Iraq, a report says that 'Christians and other minorities in Iraq are facing persecution at unprecedented levels and are at the verge of extinction '¶. The Christian population has dwindled from 1.4 million to 300,000 in the last decade, according to some estimates. However, Minority Rights Group put that the number at anywhere between 50,000 to 250,000.' 
A former ISIS member exposed some of the atrocities the group commits in Syria. 'They were extremely brutal, killing women and the elderly who did not obey them. They abused and mutilated their dead bodies. They cut up the corpses, tied them to the back of the cars and dragged them along. They would find them and publicly execute them. I witnessed many executions.' 
The remainder of July's roundup of Muslim persecution of Christians'îmost of which was not committed by ISIS'îincludes, but is not limited to, the following: Muslim Slaughter of Christians 
Nigeria : Two armed Muslim tribesmen murdered Rev. Joseph Kurah, an evangelical pastor, while he was working on his farm. They repeatedly hacked him to death with machetes. A local Muslim reportedly hired the assassins after he got into an argument with the Christian leader. Since 2001, Muslim Fulani have murdered thousands of Christians and destroyed hundreds of churches. According to a separate report , in just June and July, Muslim Fulani tribesmen targeted and invaded several Christian majority villages. They killed 133 people, destroyed 76 churches, and countless Christian properties and farms. Muslims hacked a female Christian preacher to death in the outskirts of Abuja. Eunice Elisha, a minister from the Redeemed Church of God, was found dead in a pool of her own blood after she went out to preach in the streets. A month earlier, on June 2, a Muslim mob beat Bridget Agbahime, the wife of a Christian pastor, to death with iron rods on the accusation that she blasphemed against Muhammad. About one million Christian children whose families have been displaced or affected by the violent activities of Boko Haram and Muslim Fulani herdsmen are starving. Churches, which are currently the primary supporters of these children, have gone beyond capacity and tens of thousands of children are expected to die of starvation and disease if they do not receive aid from elsewhere. According to the report, Boko Haram's seven-year rebellion has left 20,000 people dead and more than two million displaced. 
Philippines : Attacks and murders of Christians around Mindanao Island, which has a large Muslim population, are on the rise. Fr. Sebastiano D'Ambra, who has lived in the region for 40 years, is calling on authorities to 'find proper solutions' to stop 'the agony of the Christian community.' He said, 'A Christian was killed in Jolo a few days ago. A reliable source told me that 20 Christians have been targeted to be killed or kidnapped soon'¶. the Christian community is suffering a form of persecution from those who are guided by bad elements who claim to do it in the name of Islam.' 
Kenya : Muslim gunmen from Al Shabaab murdered Pastor John as he was returning home from facilitating a peacemaking training seminar. The jihadis ambushed the bus he was in killing the pastor and six other people including children. 
Democratic Republic of Congo : Suspected Muslim militants armed with guns and machetes slaughtered nine Christians in the North Kivu region. They also looted homes, seizing food and cattle as plunder. The area, which is 96 percent Christian, has seen more than 1,100 killed over the last year and a half. 
Pakistan : The 2013 Muslim bombing of the All Saints Church in Peshawar, which killed more than 100 Christian worshippers, claimed its latest victim . After battling internal injuries she had received three years earlier from the attack, Cecilia, a 42-year-old Christian nurse, died from bomb fragments embedded in her body that had turned cancerous. According to the report, 'With tearstained eyes,' her husband noted that 'We are still losing loved ones [after the attack]. Forced Conversion, Rape and Murder of Christians 
Libya : A report documents the sufferings that Christians experience at the hands Muslim militants when they migrate through Libya in an effort to reach Europe. In one instance 11 women were abducted and kept as sex slaves underground and repeatedly raped by various jihadis for almost a year. One of the Christian women, Amal, 21, said: 'They took [the Christians] to Tripoli and kept us underground 'ì we didn't see the sun for nine months'¶. Sometimes we didn't eat for three days. Other times they would give us one meal a day, half a piece of bread.' The Christian woman described how they were pressured into converting to Islam under threat of death and beaten with hoses or sticks. 'Sometimes they would frighten us with their guns, or threaten to slaughter us with their knives.' 
Islamic State : ISIS has been making use of social media'îincluding Facebook, and mobile apps like WhatAPP, and Telegram'î to sell enslaved Christian and Yazidi girls to a wider network of sadists and pedophiles. One Telegram posting showed a picture of a young girl with the caption: 'Virgin. Beautiful. 12 years old,' the posting states. 'Her price has reached $12,500 and she will be sold soon.' 
Nigeria: Another report says that the Muslim terrorist group, Boko Haram, has murdered 466 people, almost all of whom were Christian, for refusing to convert to Islam; they also forced 218 women and young girls to 'marry' their fighters. 
Pakistan : Muslims kidnapped and forced a 14-year-old Christian girl to convert to Islam last May. Her father pled with them for weeks to release his daughter. They eventually pretended to relent, told him to meet them somewhere so they could return his daughter, and, once he arrived, shot him dead . The girl remains with the rapists, the slain father's widow and three other daughters are hiding in their home in fear of further reprisals from the kidnappers. According to Najma Bibi, the girl's mother: 'several months after my daughter's kidnapping, the police have not done anything because we have no money to defend our rights. We live in a hopeless situation, we need help. I pray that my daughter will continue to place hope and faith in Jesus Christ.' Muhammad Iqrar, a Muslim man, assaulted and raped Sonia Nasar, a 16-year-old Christian girl. Although the rapist fled when her father rushed to the scene after hearing the cries of his daughter, Sonia was left in 'critical condition.' He said that he expects no justice or follow up from local authorities, some of whom are associated with the rapist. Sobia Nadeem, a Christian girl studying for a Master's degree in physics, was abducted by a group of Muslims, forced to convert to Islam, and forced to marry'îat gunpoint'îa man named Mohammad Hamza in Lahore. Although the girl managed to escape back to her parents' home, she was taken to court where her family had to prove that her conversion and marriage were performed under force. Numerous reports continued to appear indicating that non-Muslim students, most often Christians, are being forced to convert to Islam through the public school system. Teachers force them to recite the shahada'îwhich when said before Muslim witnesses makes the reciter a Muslim'îand force them to study Muslim beliefs and practices. This often occurs in conjunction with denigration of the Christian faith. Due to ongoing Christian protests, the Punjab government said it would launch an inquiry. Muslim Attacks on Christian Churches and Symbols 
Turkey : During the July 15 failed coup attempt, at least two churches were attacked . 'One of the attacks happened in Trabzon. A group of 10 people attacked Santa Maria Church with paving stones and hammers to smash the windows' said the report. One church leader in Istanbul said, 'I'm not optimistic about the plight of Christians in Turkey. Bear in mind we've had a Roman Catholic Bishop murdered, we've had clergy threatened, we've had one priest murdered 10 years ago. Any Christian leader, if they're being honest, would say that some of what's going on is quite alarming.' 
Nigeria : On Friday, July 15, Muslims attacked a Catholic church. They were angered that Christians were praying in the church on Friday, Islam's 'holy day,' when Muslims congregate and pray in mosques. According to a Christian church leader, 'Sometime around 2pm, some Muslim youths in their hundreds left their mosque after their Friday Jumat prayer and rushed to the church premises, climbed the wall and destroyed everything in the church: the windows, the altar, musical instruments, the chapel. The security man in the church premises was beaten to a pulp. Some women holding a prayer meeting were chased away. The seminarian, who is resident in the premises, was also beaten up and chased away.' 
Iraq : According to a new report , 'All 45 churches and monasteries inside Mosul are reportedly now occupied by ISIS, who have looted, burned and destroyed property, in addition to removing the building's crosses." Christians unable to flee are forced to pay large extortion money (jizya) or risk instant execution. 
Sudan : A report notes that by continuously bombing Christian and non-Muslim indigenous regions near South Sudan, and targeting churches and pastors' homes for destruction, the government is trying to 'cleanse' the nation of Christians and create a homogenous Muslim state. In recent years, hundreds of thousands of people have been displaced by the violence, their homes, crops, churches, schools and hospitals destroyed. 
Indonesia : Despite receiving all legal documents and permits, a Catholic family trying to construct a shrine to the Virgin Mary on their own land since 2009 continued to face growing threats from local Muslims. In 2012, a Muslim mob set fire to the shrine site and brought construction to a halt. Most recently in July, Muslims stormed the house of a Catholic leader and ordered him to stop the work, even though he has a building permit issued by the authorities. Muslim Attacks on Christian Apostates, Blasphemers, and Preachers 
Egypt : According to a report , 'Just like the biblical character Daniel in the lions' den, an Egyptian Muslim who converted to Christianity found himself at the mercy of ferocious attack dogs that were unleashed by his jailers to torture and possibly kill him. However, law student Majed El Shafie had God on his side and, just like in the story about Daniel, the savage animals miraculously did not harm him'îto the utter astonishment of his prison guards.' He was, however, tortured by the Muslim guards themselves. 
Uganda : Another Muslim convert to Christianity has lost his family, home, and business, and now lives in a small shanty. As a result of his apostasy, the extended family of the 53-year-old man, a former Muslim imam, stormed and eventually appropriated his ancestral home in an attempt on his life. Of that night, he said: 'I heard people talking outside my house around 8 p.m., saying that they wanted to take away my life and, 'òWe cannot watch the whole family turning to Christianity.'' He complained to the local council after his relatives also destroyed his business, but their intervention had no effect and he now lives without any means to provide for himself. 
Pakistan : Nadeem James, a 27-year-old Christian man and father of two, was arrested in Gujarat district after a Muslim angry with him accused James of texting a poem deemed 'blasphemous' of Muhammad. According to the accused's brother: 'We were not at home when the police raided our house to arrest Nadeem. However, when the cops couldn't find any of us in the premises, they took away two women of the family 'ì my wife and the wife of my elder brother, Faryad.' Around the same time, local mosques began calling on megaphones that if he didn't surrender himself, Christian homes would burn. Nadeem surrendered himself and the women were released. 'The charge against my brother is completely baseless. Nadeem is uneducated and could not have possibly sent that text message. I'm certain that Yasir Bashir [Muslim accuser] downloaded the supposedly blasphemous text onto Nadeem's phone and then forwarded it to his cell number to build a case against my brother.' Yaqoob Masih, 56, a Christian sanitary worker, was accused of committing blasphemy against Islam in Hyderabad. According to the report, 'Masih collected waste from the streets and dumped it at a specific [location], however Bakash [Muslim accuser], without verifying, tortured Masih with a stick, accusing him [of] committing blasphemy by burning pages of a book which [reportedly] carried Islamic verses. Masih was packing the garbage and waste in a trunk when Bakash accused him [of] blasphemy.' Masih was hospitalized from his injuries. A Muslim doctor who treated a dying Christian man with medicine that was donated through zakat, Islamic charity, received death threats . The Christian was on the verge of dying without treatment. In his defense, the Muslim doctor said he did not know the man was a Christian, or that it was against some interpretations of Islamic law to use Muslim charity money to help non-Muslims. 
Iran : Three Azerbaijani pastors were arrested in Tehran during a visit. No reason was given to family and local legal experts. According to the report, 'This is the latest in a succession of pastors who have been imprisoned by Iranian authorities over many years for accusations ranging from apostasy to evangelism.' And Ebrahim Firouzi, who has been under arrest since 2013 under vague charges 
'suffered physical abuse at the hands of prison guards when he was forced to attend an appeal hearing.' Dhimmitude: Muslim Contempt and Hostility for Christians 
Bangladesh : Christian and Hindu businesses received notices from a banned Islamic organization ordering them to uphold a number of Islamic customs or be killed. These include hanging banners with Allah's name, keeping copies of the Koran, putting pictures of the Kaba in Mecca, removing pictures or statues of their own religions, creating a place for Muslims to pray, and banning music and female workers. 
Pakistan : The government in the Raiwind district flooded a Christian graveyard with sewage water and desecrated all the graves. In response, protesting Christians complained that even in the grave they can receive no peace in Pakistan. 
Sudan : Authorities insulted, forcefully arrested and jailed 14 Christians when they attempted to stop them from seizing an evangelical school on church property, which authorities plan on giving to Muslim businesses. Later, authorities returned to the same Christian school, gave letters of dismissal to the Christian headmistress, vandalized her office, and replaced her with a teacher of their own choosing. 
Egypt : After a Christian man was stabbed to death and many Christian homes and a church burned by angry Muslims because of a rumor that a church was going to be built, Coptic Christian Bishop Makarious of al-Minya was interviewed on television. Church authorities in Egypt are regularly diplomatic and sensitive to what they say, but Makarious made many revealing comments. Although only Christians, no Muslims, were killed and hurt, he wondered why the government and media continue to describe these incidents as 'clashes''îwhich suggests two quarrelling parties'îwhen the reality is always that one side attacks the other: 'Within minutes [of the start of one of the attacks], 100 Muslims instantly appeared, fully armed, as if ready for war.' He added: 'As long as the attackers are never punished, and the armed forces are portrayed as doing their duty, this will just encourage others to continue the attacks, since, even if they are arrested, they will be quickly released.' When the host asked questions about who is released and why, suggesting that perhaps those released are in fact innocent of any wrongdoing against the Christians, the bishop replied: 'Well what do you think when the actual attackers themselves are arrested, with complete proofs and evidences against them, but then they are still declared innocent and released?'¶ this happens every single time.' About this Series 
The persecution of Christians in the Islamic world has become endemic. Accordingly, 'Muslim Persecution of Christians' was developed to collate some'îby no means all'îof the instances of persecution that surface each month. It serves two purposes: 
1) To document that which the mainstream media does not: the habitual, if not chronic, persecution of Christians. 
2) To show that such persecution is not 'random,' but systematic and interrelated'îthat it is rooted in a worldview inspired by Islamic Sharia. 
Accordingly, whatever the anecdote of persecution, it typically fits under a specific theme, including hatred for churches and other Christian symbols; apostasy, blasphemy, and proselytism laws that criminalize and sometimes punish with death those who 'offend' Islam; sexual abuse of Christian women; forced conversions to Islam; theft and plunder in lieu of jizya (financial tribute expected from non-Muslims); overall expectations for Christians to behave like cowed dhimmis , or third-class, 'tolerated' citizens; and simple violence and murder. Sometimes it is a combination thereof. 
Because these accounts of persecution span different ethnicities, languages, and locales'îfrom Morocco in the West, to Indonesia in the East'îit should be clear that one thing alone binds them: Islam'îwhether the strict application of Islamic Sharia law, or the supremacist culture born of it. 
Previous Reports :
ARTICLE

Freedom Center Urges College Presidents to End Aid to Campus Supporters of Terror 'We ask that you withdraw all university privileges granted to SJP.' October 31, 2016 Frontpagemag.com 
Editor's Note: The following letter was sent to the presidents of the ten campuses named in the Freedom Center's report on the 'Top Ten Schools Supporting Terrorists.' In alphabetical order, the ten campuses are: Brooklyn College (CUNY), San Diego State University, San Francisco State University, Tufts University, University of California, Berkeley, University of California, Irvine, University of California, Los Angeles, University of Chicago, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, and Vassar College. 
October 27, 2016 
University of California 
Dear Dr. Napolitano, 
Your school purports to promote the values of diversity, inclusiveness and tolerance yet provides resources, funding and legitimacy to Students for Justice in Palestine. Students for Justice in Palestine is a campus organization whose sole purpose is to conduct hateful propaganda against Jews and the Jewish state for the terrorist organization Hamas. The explicit goals of Hamas are the destruction of the world's only Jewish state and genocide against its Jewish population. For these reasons, among others, three campuses of the University of California'îIrvine, Los Angeles, and Berkeley'îhave been named among the 'Top Ten Schools Supporting Terrorists' by the David Horowitz Freedom Center. You may read the full report here: http://www.stopthejewhatredoncampus.org/news/top-ten-schools-supporting-terrorists-fall-2016-report 
While it masquerades as a typical campus cultural group, SJP is an integral part of Hamas's efforts to annihilate Israel through the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) campaign. This is an insidious effort that attempts to delegitimize Israel, and smear it as a rogue 'apartheid' nation. These claims are ludicrous. More than a million Palestinians enjoy Israeli citizenship including the rights to vote and to sit on the Israeli courts and parliament. Harvard Professor Alan Dershowitz has said of the BDS movement, 'It is anti-Semitic, anti-Zionist, anti-human rights, anti-intellectual, anti-science, anti-negotiation, anti-peace, anti-compromise, and anti-Palestinian workers when they are denied opportunities to work.' Both Larry Summers and Hillary Clinton have denounced BDS as anti-Semitic Jew hatred. Yet your school provides a platform and funding for its sponsors. 
With university support, SJP also conducts 'Israeli apartheid' hate weeks on campus quads. These events feature pro-Hamas advocates, the construction of 'apartheid walls' featuring pro-Hamas, anti-Semitic propaganda, and the creation of mock checkpoints and die-ins that disrupt student movements on campus. SJP actively disrupts pro-Israel campus events'îa threat to free speech and a violation of your university's stated values and rules of conduct. 
In addition to being scripted by Hamas terrorists, SJPs pro-terror campaign is funded and guided through a Hamas front called American Muslims for Palestine. In recent testimony before the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Jonathan Schanzer, who worked as a terrorism finance analyst for the United States Department of the Treasury from 2004-2007, described how Hamas funnels large sums of money and provides material assistance to Students for Justice in Palestine (SJP) through the Hamas front group American Muslims for Palestine (AMP) for the purpose of promoting BDS campaigns on American campuses. AMP was created by SJP co-founder Hatem Bazian, a pro-terrorist lecturer at UC Berkeley who called for a suicide bombing 'Intifada' inside the United States. It employs high-ranking officials from other Muslim 'charities' that were previously shut down for providing material assistance to terrorists. 
Schanzer described AMP as 'arguably the most important sponsor and organizer for Students for Justice in Palestine (SJP), which is the most visible arm of the BDS campaign on campuses in the United States.' He detailed how AMP 'provides speakers, training, printed materials, a so-called 'Apartheid Wall,' and grants to SJP activists' and 'even has a campus coordinator on staff whose job is to work directly with SJP and other pro-BDS campus groups across the country.' Furthermore, 'according to an email it sent to subscribers, AMP spent $100,000 on campus activities in 2014 alone.' 
Students for Justice in Palestine continues to accept funding and aid through the Hamas front group American Muslims for Palestine. Despite its links to terrorist organizations and agendas, Students for Justice in Palestine continues to receive campus funds and campus privileges, including university offices, and the right to hold events preaching the genocidal values of Hamas on university property. These privileges would normally be denied to groups that preach hatred of any other ethnic group, let alone one that supports barbaric terrorists who slaughter men, women and children with the goal of cleansing the earth of people who disagree with them. 
In light of these facts, we ask that you withdraw all university privileges granted to SJP and other campus groups who promote the genocidal Hamas agenda, and that you put an end to the terrorist influences which have infiltrated your campus and which threaten the security not only of Jewish students on your campus, but of all Americans. 
David Horowitz ceo The David Horowitz Freedom Center Sherman Oaks, California
ARTICLE

Meet Hillary Clinton's Secretary of State Send a $200 million check to Iran. October 31, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. 
September 11, 2001 has come and gone. Countless bodies lie scattered in fragments around where two of the country's tallest skyscrapers once stood. Some have burned to ash. Others had their throats slashed by Islamic terrorists. Still others fought and died on a plane to prevent another Islamic terror attack from taking place. 
But Joe has an idea. Joe is a guy with lots of big ideas and this one is a real doozy. 
The Senator from Delaware has come a long way since his days as a sixties shyster drumming up business in Wilmington. His formerly bald head is covered in hair so shiny is gleams under neon lights. His teeth are capped and shine almost as brightly. After a generation holding down a squeaky seat in the Senate, seniority makes him a man to be reckoned with. And therefore a man to be listened to. 
Even if you wish he would shut up. 
'I'm groping here,' Joe says. For once he isn't referring to his notorious habits with women that will go on to make him the star of countless viral photographs, massaging, squeezing, caressing. Instead he's talking about foreign policy. The Chair of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has no clue. 
Joe is worried that the Muslims will think badly of us after they murdered thousands of us. And he has a plan to make them feel better. 
'Seems to me this would be a good time to send, no strings attached, a check for $200 million to Iran,' Senator Joe Biden says. 
The remark isn't quite as random as it seems. The Senator from Delaware, a state not known for its large Muslim or Iranian population, has a friendly relationship with the Iran Lobby. That relationship will only grow friendlier during the Bush era as he attacks America and appeases its enemies. 
Iranian-Americans who hate the Jihadist government that has taken over their country and oppressed the Persian people are outraged when he attends a fundraiser at a pro-Iranian lobbyist's home in California while treasonously attacking his own government for naming Iran one of the members of the 'Axis of Evil'. 
Joe's usual Amtrak obsession wouldn't get him in the door in California, but treason, hair plugs and capped teeth make him a big hit outside Delaware. And Joe remains very fond of Iran. 
He informs Israeli officials that 'Israel will have to reconcile itself with the nuclearization of Iran." And that's all the way back in '08 before the deal that puts Iran on the path to a Shiite bomb was a nuclear twinkle in Obama's eye and a radioactive itch in Hillary's socks. 
That was a big year for Biden. It was his first and biggest shot at the big chair in the White House. Joe had tried it in '88 and was stomped by Dukakis, of all people, after being caught plagiarizing a speech by British politician Neil Kinnock. '08 got him a useless position in the White House as a consolation prize. 
This time around Joe Biden is expected to get the same consolation prize from Hillary Clinton that she got from Barack Obama; the office of Secretary of State of the United States. 
Of all the jobs that Joe Biden wants and is utterly unfit for, Amtrak train engineer, secret agent and the guy in charge of counting all the money at the bar, it's hard to think of one that he's less fit for. 
Joe Biden blamed Darfur on the Gingrich Revolution. He fell in love with the Taliban. 
"The Taliban per se is not our enemy," Joe insisted. "There is not a single statement that the president has ever made in any of our policy assertions that the Taliban is our enemy." 
He suggested that 95% of the Taliban were probably okay and only 5% were 'incorrigible'. Most of the Taliban, he seemed to think, were, like Joe Biden, just in it for the money. 
But Joe Biden has a soft spot for Islamic terrorists whether they're the Shiite Jihadists of Iran or the Sunni Jihadists of the Taliban. Joe loves all the terrorists of the world and the terrorists love him back. 
It wasn't that long ago that we were being lectured to by the media on Bush's ruination of relations with the rest of the world. If Biden were to become Secretary of State, he would become the third Democratic presidential campaign loser to get the job as a consolation prize for his failures as a politician. The last time a professional held down the job would have been the Bush administration. 
And yet, perversely, each 'loser' Secretary has been more incompetent than the last. Hillary's disastrous time as Secretary of State could only be exceeded by John Kerry who gave away everything to the Russians and who was contradicted by the White House so many times it would have humiliated a lesser man. Or just any man. The only loser who could follow two class acts like that was Joe Biden. 
Joe Biden's amateur diplomacy has been one disaster after another. Even his visit to Israel, a friendly ally not known for fractious political visits by American politicians, became an international incident with Biden sulking in his room while Hillary yelled at Prime Minister Netanyahu for 45 minutes over the phone. But somehow Biden, with his gift for appeasing Iran and the Taliban, alienates allies. 
Just this year, Joe Biden launched yet another attack on Israel. A cynic might almost think that Tehran Joe loves Islamic terrorists and hates those who resist them and fight against them. 
Biden has claimed that terrorism is not an existential threat. He accused President Bush of being 'short-sighted' for using the military to fight Islamic terrorists. He argued that the perception that we want to stay in Iraq helps Al Qaeda. Some years later, his administration's decision to pull out led to the rise of ISIS. He called for closing Gitmo while insisting that it had 'become the greatest propaganda tool that exists for recruiting of terrorists around the world.' 
Senator Joe Biden was a voice for appeasement. Vice President Joe Biden was part of an administration that empowered and unleashed the malignant power of Islamic terror. Secretary of State Joe Biden would be able to act out his worst fantasies. He could even write that check to Iran. Though the Obama-Biden era has seen cash transfers to Iran that make Joe's $200 million check seem like chump change. 
Hillary Clinton's rise doesn't just mean that she will be making big decisions. It will mean that Joe Biden will have gone from a Wilmington shyster to running the foreign policy of a country he has betrayed.
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton and the President's ' Longer Game .' At home and abroad, a nation less affluent, less free, and far less secure. October 31, 2016 Lloyd Billingsley 
The President of the United States, the most powerful man in the world, used a pseudonym to communicate with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on her private, unsecured email server. As Andrew McCarthy contended , that was the reason the FBI declined to prosecute Clinton, because the president would have been part of the same action, and that wouldn't be politically correct. 
The current president of the United States is also on record that, contrary to custom, he will linger in Washington DC for a few years. Wherever he chooses to live, the email intrigue suggests continuing back-channel communications with Hillary Clinton, should she become president. That invites a look at what the man the New York Times dubbed 'Obama's narrator,' the White House adviser who sat closest to the president and signed off on his every word, had to say about the president's vision of the future. 
'Few of the decisions he had made would satisfy the politics of the moment,' David Axelrod explained in his massive 2015 Believer . 'But at home and abroad, Obama was playing a longer game.' As he explained in Columbia, Missouri, on October 30, 2008, 'We are five days away from fundamentally transforming the United States of America.' 
If this man was a liberal, as Barry Rubin wondered in Silent Revolution: How the Left Rose to Political Power and Cultural Dominance , why did he see a need fundamentally to transform a nation shaped by liberals such as Franklin Roosevelt with his New Deal and Lyndon Johnson with his Great Society? He saw the need because he was not a liberal but a lifelong leftist radical. 
As David Horowitz explained in Volume 7 of the Black Book of the American Left , the president was 'born, bred and trained in the progressive movement.' His mentors were 'Communists and their progressive successors,' so no wonder he presided over 'the institutionalizing of the policies of the left in government' for eight years. What that means in practical terms is becoming painfully evident. 
The economy remains sluggish and under Obamacare, the president's signature plan, premiums are skyrocketing . This suggests that, as many believe, Obamacare was simply a demolition plan. In the 'longer game,' designated successor Hillary Clinton will impose government monopoly healthcare, what some candidates erroneously call 'socialized medicine.' 
As Rubin noted, the goal of the left is 'to convince Americans the exact opposite of what their experience proved: that the country had fundamentally failed and the old leftist solutions were the answer.' The result 'may be a very long-term and even permanent change of the United States into something else, a nation far less affluent and far less free.' And far less secure, as David Axelrod also indicates. 
Vladimir Putin makes an appearance in Believer but Obama's narrator does not outline Putin's background in the KGB. The believer includes nothing about Putin's role in East Germany, a Stalinist police state that walled in its subjects and shot those attempting to escape. The narrator avoids Putin's belief that the breakup of the Soviet Union was 'the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the century.' 
In Believer , Putin tells the president, 'You are a highly educated man. I come from the security sector.' The believer then asks the president for his assessment of Putin. 
'He's smart, tough, clear about his interests and without a trace of sentimentality,' the president says. That is not very strong language for a KGB veteran and expansionist autocrat. 
In his narrator's account, the president uses the word 'motherf
ARTICLE

Search Selective Outrage Over SPLC's 'Anti-Muslim Extremist List' Leftists and atheists appalled that SPLC's hit list of Islam critics includes'¶Leftists and atheists. October 31, 2016 Robert Spencer 
Sam Harris thinks it's 'unbelievable' that Maajid Nawaz and Ayaan Hirsi Ali made it to the Southern Poverty Law Center's hit list of 'Anti-Muslim Extremists.' He said nothing about me or the other people whom the SPLC included, which is not surprising, since he has quite recently expressed willingness to acquiesce in other contexts to the demonization that the SPLC list exemplifies. 
Hemant Mehta of The Friendly Atheist blog ably sums up the outrage over Nawaz and Hirsi Ali being included: 'If criticizing religious beliefs makes them extremists, then it won't be long before other vocal atheists end up on that list too. And make no mistake, that's what Nawaz and Hirsi Ali are doing. That's all they're doing. They're not anti-Muslim; they work with moderate Muslims. They're critical of the worst aspects of Islam.' 
The problem with being angry about Nawaz and Hirsi Ali being on the SPLC list, but silent about everyone else who is on it, is that what Mehta says about Nawaz and Hirsi Ali can quite accurately said about everyone else on the list. If criticizing religious beliefs makes them 'extremists,' then it won't be long before everyone who dares to utter a critical word about Islam will be on the list 'î and that is indeed the objective of the list: to stigmatize and marginalize any and all such critics. Mehta protests that Nawaz and Hirsi Ali are 'not anti-Muslim; they work with moderate Muslims. They're critical of the worst aspects of Islam.' 
But no one would think that the other 13 were 'anti-Muslim' if it hadn't been for the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Hamas-linked Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) and their allied groups insisting that we were all these years, in their avidity to conflate opposition to jihad terror and Sharia oppression with hating a group of people 'î a tactic designed to discredit opposition to jihad terror and Sharia oppression. Mehta and co. are falling for and validating the same smear tactics hey are decrying when used against their friends. 
And as for working with moderate Muslims, for 13 years Jihad Watch has contained this invitation : 'Any Muslim who renounces violent jihad and dhimmitude is welcome to join in our anti-jihadist efforts.' It is Nawaz (as well as other moderates) who has attacked me, in what appears to have been a cynical attempt to gain support for himself among Muslims; I never attacked him, and would have have been happy to work with him otherwise. 
In complaining that Nawaz and Hirsi Ali are merely 'criticizing religious beliefs' and are 'not anti-Muslim,' Mehta is strongly implying that the others on the SPLC list are doing something beyond 'criticizing religious beliefs' and are indeed 'anti-Muslim.' On Twitter the last couple of days I've seen many people express outrage that Nawaz has been lumped in with the likes of Spencer; but when I ask them what the big difference is between us, or for quotes from me that are actually 'bigoted,' they go silent. 
Mehta, Harris, Haider and the others who are only angry with the SPLC's hit list because it included Nawaz and Hirsi Ali are, by their selective outrage, acquiescing to and legitimizing the SPLC's demonization of the other people on the list. (In his own defense, Hemant Mehta wrote me to explain, somewhat unsatisfactorily: 'I focused on those two because they're well known in atheist circles.') This is a self-defeating choice for them to have made, for the SPLC has never identified anyone whom it considers to be a legitimate critic of Islam, and never will: the point of lists such as the one they released yesterday is to demonize and silence everyone who dares say something about Islam that is not warmly positive. 
The turn of Mehta, Harris, and Haider will come for the same treatment. One wonders if, when this happens, there will be anyone left to speak for them who has not already been smeared as 'anti-Muslim,' with their tacit approval.
ARTICLE

A resolution on Jerusalem that will fuel anti-Jewish incitement and violence. October 31, 2016 Joseph Puder 
If anyone doubted the fact that the United Nations agencies harbored a deep-seated anti-Israel and anti-Jewish animus, the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) vote on Jerusalem proved it. The UNESCO World Heritage Committee voted this week (October 26, 2016) on a resolution dealing with Jerusalem, drafted by the Palestinian and Jordanian delegations, and submitted by Kuwait, Lebanon and Tunisia (all Arab Muslim states). The Executive Committee of UNESCO approved (10 for, 2 opposed, 8 abstained, and 1 missing) the resolution that was already voted on earlier this month in which 24 member-states approved the resolution; (Algeria, Bangladesh, Brazil, Cuba, Chad, Dominican Republic, Egypt, Iran, Lebanon, Malaysia, Morocco, Mauritius, Mexico, Mozambique, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Oman, Pakistan, Qatar, Russia, Senegal, South Africa, Sudan and Vietnam) 6 opposed (Estonia, Germany, Lithuania, The Netherlands, UK, and the U.S.). Among the abstaining 26 states were Argentina, France, Greece, India, Japan, Kenya, South Korea, Spain, Sri Lanka and Sweden. 
The resolution 'deeply decries the continuous Israeli aggressions against civilians including Islamic religious figures and priests, decries the forceful entering into the different mosques and historic buildings, and into Muslim holy sites by Israelis, including employees of 'the so-called 'Israeli Antiquities.'' Israel is urged to 'end these aggressions and abuses which inflame the tension on the ground and between faiths.' 
According to Hillel Neuer, executive director of UN Watch, a Geneva-based watchdog organization, the resolution, which is likely to be adopted, 'Dangerously risks fueling anti-Jewish incitement and violence, and legitimizing the escalating Palestinian denial of Jewish and cultural rights.' Neuer added that, 'This inflammatory narrative, praised last week by Hamas, rewards the past year's relentless Palestinian stabbing and shooting attacks in Jerusalem and other parts of Israel, which we mustn't forget, began with false claims that Israel was planning to damage the holy Muslim Shrines.' 
The expected resolution mentions eleven times 'Al-Haram Al-Sharif,' (the Muslim designation) to what Jews call Har Ha'bayit, the holiest shrine in Judaism (where the Temple of Solomon stood) and also known as Temple Mount. With the Islamic bloc controlling the largest voting bloc in the UN, it is no wonder that a resolution of this kind can be approved. (OIC- Organization of Islamic Cooperation, being the largest and most influential bloc at the UN, it might as well declare that the earth is flat, and it will garner a majority vote at the General Assembly or its other UN constituent agencies.) What this resolution effectively does to Jerusalem is to Islamize sites historically belonging to other faiths. 
The latest draft does not describe the Western Wall as the most hallowed remains of the Jewish Holy Temple destroyed by the Romans in 70CE, but as 'The Western Wall of Al Aqsa Mosque, in a blatant effort to erase the Jewish heritage and biblical truth, and as part of a campaign to Islamize the site. It shamelessly disregards the fact that Jewish worshippers have prayed at the Wall for over two thousand years. The language of the draft resolution continues the deliberate attempt by the Palestinian Authority (PA) to deny the Jewish historical connection to the Land of Israel in general and to Jerusalem in particular. Mahmoud Abbas has continued on the path of denial that Arafat initiated at Camp David. 
Among the charges brought up by the PA and the other Arab-Muslim states for undertaking the resolution is that the Jerusalem light rail, which is used daily by thousands of Arab residents of Jerusalem, is having a 'damaging effect on the 'visual integrity' and the 'authentic character' of the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem. Yet the rail tracks pass through an existing highway and facilitates effective transportation for visitors of all faiths. 
Preceding the shameless resolution and the vote that took place in the Paris headquarters of UNESCO, Israel's president, Reuven Rivlin stated at an event in his Jerusalem residence, 'No forum or body in the world can come and deny the connection between the Jewish people, the Land of Israel and Jerusalem 'ì and any such body that does so simply embarrasses itself. We can understand criticism, but you cannot change history.' 
UNESCO's Director General, Irina Bokova and the Chairman of UNESCO's Executive Board, Michael Worbs, expressed displeasure and apologized for the resolution. In an interview with Israeli TV Channel 10 on October 14, 2016 (the day following the vote), Worbs said he hoped that the Board's Tuesday meeting will be delayed in order to reach consensus on the resolution before a formal vote. Bokova, on her part, expressed her dismay at the resolution, saying that efforts to deny history and the City's (Jerusalem) complex multi-faith character, harms UNESCO. 
Earlier, in July, 2016 Bokova stated that, 'The heritage of Jerusalem is indivisible, and each of its communities have a right to the explicit recognition of their history and relationship with the city. To deny or conceal any of the Jewish, Christian or Muslim traditions undermines the integrity of the site, and runs counter to the reasons that justified its inscription in 1981 as a 'World Heritage site.' 
UNESCO can be counted as one of the most anti-Israel UN agencies. In the course of a typical year, the organization's legislative bodies will condemn Israel 10 or more times, with no criticism aimed at any other country in the world. In 2009 for example, UNESCO adopted 10 anti-Israel decisions , eight at the 181 st and 182 nd sessions of the Executive Board, and two at the 35 th session of the General Conference. Again in 2010, UNESCO adopted 10 anti-Israel decisions at the 184 th and 185 th sessions of the Executive Board. In 2011, UNESCO again adopted 10 anti-Israel decisions at the 186 th and 187 th sessions of the Executive Board and two resolutions against Israel at the 36 th session of the General Conference. 
Whereas Jerusalem was King David's capital and continued to be the capital of the Second Jewish Commonwealth, as well as Israel's capital today, it was never the capital of any Arab or Muslim empire, Caliphate, or entity, nor was Jerusalem a spiritual center that Muslims yearned for. The Umayyad Caliphate had its capital in Damascus. The Abbasside Caliphate capital was Baghdad, and the Ottoman Empire's (Caliphate) capital was Constantinople. Ramle, a small town in Israel, was its administrative capital in Palestine - not Jerusalem. A Palestinian state never existed as an independent entity, and the PA claims on Jerusalem are strictly contrarian 'ì to deny Jerusalem as the heart of Jewish spirituality and yearning. Jerusalem exists in every Jewish prayer, and is invoked on every occasion and holiday. 
Dore Gold, former Director General of Israel's Foreign Ministry, addressed last year's UNESCO's Jerusalem resolution. He pointed out that the resolution 'glossed over any Jewish connection to Jerusalem, and it failed to acknowledge Christianity's ties to Jerusalem.' 
Most dismaying is the fact that Christian nations who voted for the resolution or abstained, have abandoned all vestiges of pride and honor, and are willing to deny historical truth for narrow political interests. Brazil, Mexico, and the Dominican Republic, predominantly Catholic states, are a case in point. Unfortunately other Christian countries including France, Spain, Greece, Argentina, and Sweden, who should know about Jerusalem from their church bibles, did not have the courage to reject this outrageously false resolution. It can only lead to the conclusion that perhaps cowardice and latent anti-Semitism drove their decision to accept, not reject this infamous resolution.
ARTICLE

Is Hillary Panicking Over the FBI and Weiner Emails?   
These past few days have seen a major shift in the Clinton tactics. During the original investigation, the Clinton campaign and its political and media allies launched attacks at Republicans for "wasting time" investigating Hillary, but did not attack the FBI. It misrepresented FBI statements, but it certainly did not target investigators in the way we're seeing now. 
But now we have open hostilities between Lynch at the DOJ and the FBI. We have the Clinton campaign circulating a letter attacking the FBI. We have countless media hit pieces aimed at the FBI. 
The obvious question is why. The Clinton campaign kept its cool, at least to some degree, before. It certainly didn't begin an ill-advised campaign against the FBI. That's the kind of tactic that may play to your core base, but alienates everyone else. That is to say everyone who isn't in the media. 
So what's going on here? 
1. The Clintons thought they were done. It's close to the election. So they're lashing out. It's typically paranoid and nasty behavior by the Clintons. Hillary tried playing humble. She tried apologizing. But a moment ago, her victory seemed inevitable, and now she's in a state of fury at having it put at risk. 
2. There is something in those emails that genuinely frightens the Clinton campaign. Which is why it took the crazy risk of going after the FBI with both barrels. It's desperate to smear the FBI as much as possible in order to neutralize any revelations or even potential charges. The attacks are a warning to treat Hillary with kid gloves again... or else. 
The first is plausible. To a degree. But for all of Hillary's awkwardness, she didn't lose it in the past. Why is she losing it now? There's no evidence beyond speculation for the latter. And yet the major shift in tactics is rather striking. If the Clinton campaign were panicking, this is what it would look like.
ARTICLE

2 Reminders to Ignore the "Trump is Doomed" Polls   
We've recently had two object lessons in the worthlessness of the "Trump is Doomed" polling saga. A few days ago, the media was loudly trumpeting that Hillary's victory was inevitable, that the polls were in and she was going to ignore Trump and focus on building her administration and winning downticket races. And then, just like last time around, the numbers turned around again. 
I was recently asked to predict the race. I answered that the one thing I could predict is that the media will claim a landslide for Hillary right before the election. That much is very likely. 
It's in the media's interest to spread FUD by promoting polls that predict not just a Hillary win, but a landslide, creating the perception that voting is useless. The more Republicans feel that the outcome is futile, the less likely they will be to go out and vote. But the scandal polling numbers have a history of rebounding. This remains a challenging and very unusual election. 
The premature panic we've seen in some circles is unhealthy. We shouldn't completely ignore poll numbers, but neither should we treat them as inevitable. 
We've had two major lessons in why that's short sighted.
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton Hits Unfavorability High of 60%, Higher Than Trump October 31,   
Remember last week when Hillary Clinton was shopping around for White House drapes and the "popular" wisdom was that she was inevitable? That was fun. Wasn't it. Now she hit an unfavorability rating high of 60 percent. That's higher than Trump. 
It also means that the candidate who claims she's going to bring Americans together is disliked by most of the country . 
Clinton is seen unfavorably by 60 percent of likely voters in the latest results, a new high. Trump is seen unfavorably by essentially as many -- 58 percent. Marking the depth of these views, 49 percent see Clinton "strongly" unfavorably, and 48 percent say the same about Trump 'ì- unusual levels of strong sentiment. 
The extent of partisan antipathy in this poll, produced for ABC by Langer Research Associates, is remarkable: Ninety-seven percent of Trump supporters see Clinton unfavorably; 90 percent, strongly so. Ninety-five percent of Clinton supporters see Trump unfavorably -'ì again, 90 percent strongly so. 
But remember Hillary is "inevitable". 
Now the Clinton campaign has decided to go after the FBI under the assumption that people like Hillary more than the FBI. That may be a slight misjudgment. And by slight, I mean huge. Because not only is the FBI more popular than Hillary, so are major landfills, UFO cattle mutilations and a number of international war criminals.
ARTICLE

DNC Head Leaked 2nd Debate Question to Hillary October 31,   
We're not talking about Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the ex-muppet in charge of the DNC who was forced to resign because of the way the DNC rigged the process to favor Hillary. This is Donna Brazile who was brought in to replace her to bring back integrity to the DNC. Since Brazile is another Clinton loyalist, that was never going to happen. 
But the latest leak reveals that Brazile had passed along a second debate question to Hillary. All this just emphasizes how fraudulent and rigged the whole debate process was. 
Another leaked email has emerged showing Democratic National Committee boss and former CNN contributor Donna Brazile sharing a debate question in advance with the Hillary Clinton campaign -- despite Brazile's persistent claims to the contrary. 
CNN announced in a statement soon after the email became public Monday that Brazile had tendered her resignation and the network accepted it on Oct. 14, days after the controversy over Brazile tipping off the Clinton campaign initially broke. 
According to documents released Monday by WikiLeaks, Brazile sent Clinton Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri an email titled, 'One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash,' the night before the March 6 CNN primary debate in Flint, Mich. 
'Her family has lead poison and she will ask what, if anything, will Hillary do as president to help the ppl of Flint,' Brazile wrote. 
The following night, Lee-Anne Walters, a mom whose twin boys stopped growing and whose daughter lost her hair during the Flint water contamination crisis, posed a question to both Clinton, the eventual Democratic presidential nominee, and her primary opponent Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. 
Clinton responded with a lengthy answer that moderator Anderson Cooper had to twice interrupt in an attempt to keep to the agreed-upon time limit. 
How pervasive is this kind of thing in the process? We're getting a snapshot of how Clinton's people rigged the process and faked the results to favor them at every turn.
ARTICLE

Independents Tilt Decisively to Trump October 31, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Independents are the largest political group in the country. Larger than either Democrats or Republicans. And they're tilting toward Trump and the GOP. 
Adding in ideology, the tracking poll shows Clinton going from 95 percent support among liberal Democrats early in the tracking poll to 88 percent now, while Trump's gone from 89 percent among conservative Republicans to 94 percent now. 
Independents -'ì sometimes swing voters in past elections, albeit inconsistently 'ì- also merit attention. They've gone from a scant 6 points in Clinton's favor in the first four nights of tracking, 44-38 percent, to a substantial Trump lead now, 34-51 percent, Clinton-Trump. 
A key element here is the partisan preferences of independents who emerge as likely to vote: They were 2 points more likely to lean toward the Republican Party rather than the Democratic Party at the start of tracking, but are 10 points more apt to do so now. 
Hillary Clinton tried to win over independents by positioning her brand as a moderate centrist who can work with Republicans and can get things done while portraying Trump as dangerous and irresponsible. It certainly worked to a degree. 
Trump's pitch was that he's not a conventional Republican and he can overturn a rigged system. The drain the swamp speech was a key element. The latter is more likely to ultimately appeal to people who identify as none of the above because they're disgusted with both parties.
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton Campaign Still Whining About the FBI November 1, 2016 
The Hillary Clinton whineaton continues. 
After having mobilized mulltiple ex-officials and media types to attack the FBI, the Clinton campaign, whose candidate blatantly benefited from white glove from the FBI is complaining about a double standard. 
Hillary Clinton's campaign accused FBI Director James Comey Monday of engaging in a "blatant double standard." 
Clinton's campaign manager Robby Mook slammed Comey in the wake of reports that the FBI director refused to publicly comment on potential Donald Trump campaign ties to Russia's alleged efforts to meddle with the U.S. election, but did weigh in on an updated investigation involving Clinton's email server. 
"It is impossible to view this as anything less than a blatant double standard," Mook, Clinton's campaign manager, said on a call with reporters. "That Director Comey would show more discretion in a matter concerning a foreign state action than one involving the Democratic nominee for president is nothing short of jaw-dropping." 
Yes, it's jaw dropping that Mook can't grasp how investigations work. 
Comey had no reason to comment on the Trump thing because it wasn't part of an existing criminal investigation of Trump. There has been, despite Hillary's bottomless barrel of lies, a criminal investigation of Hillary Clinton. 
It's a double standard if Trump and Clinton were both facing criminal investigations. It's not a double standard since only Hillary is.
ARTICLE

The renewed criminal investigation into Hillary's misdeeds -- and how it could affect the election. November 1, 2016 Matthew Vadum 
Democrats are in panic mode a week out from Election Day as they try to spin away the FBI's newly announced discovery of a hoard of two-thirds of a million potentially sensitive emails apparently related to Hillary Clinton's catastrophic tenure as America's top diplomat. 
Partisan hack James Carville is spewing wild conspiracy theories. 
I think it is an outrage and I think the fact that the KGB is involved in this election is an outrage and I think the American people ought to take their democracy back regardless of what the press wants to do and the excuses they want to make for [FBI Director James] Comey. That's what I think. 
He added, 'this is in effect an attempt to hijack an election. It ought to be called for what it is.' 
Just this past July, Comey was praised by Democrats far and wide for his wisdom in opting not to pursue Clinton. There is evidence federal officials tried to hinder various investigations of Clinton and the endlessly corrupt Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation, which functions as a bribe processing center for would-be president Hillary Clinton. 
But Democrats have suddenly flipped sides, denouncing Comey as an enemy of the republic now that he has opened an investigation into the newly discovered emails. 
Carville, long known as the 'Ragin' Cajun,' is apoplectic because he thinks these emails could change the dynamics of the election. 
The old Clinton hand may be right. 
Investigators found 650,000 emails on a laptop computer they believe was used at home by disgraced former Rep. Anthony Weiner (D) and his wife, longtime senior Hillary aide Huma Abedin. The computer is reportedly the same device serial pervert Weiner used to send sexual messages to an underage girl. 
'Underlying metadata suggests thousands of those messages could have been sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter,' reports the Wall Street Journal . Some of the information emailed may have been classified. 
Abedin, who has intergenerational ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, reportedly forwarded sensitive government information to her personal Yahoo email account and may have viewed them on her home laptop. 
Over the objections of Attorney General Loretta Lynch, Comey notified Congress of the information about the previously unknown emails at this late stage in the election cycle because after letting Hillary off the hook this summer he was facing a huge uprising among FBI employees, the overwhelming majority of whom are not unprincipled supplicants to power. 
Lynch is doing her best to make sure the Department of Justice probe goes nowhere. 
Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs Peter J. Kadzik, whom Zero Hedge calls 'the best friend' of John Podesta, Hillary's campaign chairman and former White House chief of staff in Bill Clinton's administration, is heading up the email probe. 
So the fix is in. 
In any event, the prospect of restoring his good name may also have prompted Comey to act. 
People are upset at Comey because he took the coward's way out in the email investigation and is viewed as helping the Clinton team and the Obama White House in their efforts to cover up wrongdoing. 
It was back on July 5 Comey announced that despite the massive body of damning evidence accumulating against Clinton he would not recommend charges be brought against the former secretary of state for her use of hacker-friendly homebrew private email servers to conduct official business. Clinton and her aides were 'extremely careless' in their handling of classified documents but there was no evidence of criminal intent, he said, even though the relevant national security statute does not require intent. The next day Attorney General Lynch confirmed no charges would be laid against Hillary. Lynch, as everyone now knows, had a clandestine meeting with former President Bill Clinton at a Phoenix airport a week before, at which a corrupt bargain was presumably made. 
This internal rebellion in the investigative agency was serious enough that Comey felt he had to act immediately. 
'I have some sources in the FBI and the former district attorney's,' commentator Larry Kudlow said Sunday on NBC's 'Meet the Press.' 'The FBI is in full revolt right now. The FBI has been in full revolt since the decisions made last summer.' 
Ever the Hillary shill, host Chuck Todd corrected Kudlow. 
'Not full revolt,' he said. 'There's been a lot. I mean it's--there are agents--Let's not say full revolt.' 
'All right, a semi-full revolt,' said Kudlow. 
Because what I'm getting at is if Comey hadn't said what he said to Congress and the rest of the world, it would have leaked. It would have leaked. That whole building was ready to leak that they had discovered this new source with [Anthony] Weiner and [Huma] Abedin. So, I don't think Comey had much chance here. And I think the FBI is badly divided.' 
Meanwhile, the trickle of bad news for Hillary Clinton has turned into a raging flood in the last few days. 
Clinton has been directly implicated in a nasty false flag operation against the Donald Trump campaign. Top Democrat operatives Robert Creamer and Scott Foval were caught on undercover video describing their involvement in an elaborate criminal conspiracy involving the use of targeted political violence against political opponents. The euphemism employed was 'conflict engagement' which means paying leftist agitators, the homeless and the mentally ill, to cause melees at Trump rallies. 
Fomenting violence and physically attacking political opponents was what the fascist Third Reich did, using the Sturmabteilung or S.A., also called brown shirts and storm troopers. 
Longtime Democrat pollster and campaign consultant Doug Schoen, a familiar face on Fox News Channel, announced he could no longer in good conscience support Clinton's candidacy. 
'I'm deeply concerned that we'll have a constitutional crisis if she's elected,' he said Sunday. 'If the secretary of state wins, we will have a president under criminal investigation, with [top aide] Huma Abedin under criminal investigation.' 
Republican Donald Trump is closing the gap in national polls of likely voters. 
Clinton's unfavorability rating in polls now exceeds Trump's. She's at 60 percent; he's at 58 percent. 
Former New York mayor and leading Trump surrogate Rudy Giuliani said over the weekend that enough evidence has surfaced from WikiLeaks and the FBI to indict Clinton for racketeering. Bill Clinton 'does the speeches, they put the money in the pocket, she does the favors in the government,' said Giuliani, a former federal prosecutor. 'It all links up. Why did they destroy 33,000 emails? Because it shows the link.' 
Influential liberal journalist Ron Fournier threw Hillary under the bus. Mrs. Clinton got 'a secret server' to protect what the Washington Post called 'the 'circle of enrichment,'' he said. 
If Hillary Clinton wins next week, media outlets across America will have to hire extra investigative journalists to handle all the corruption exposes that will follow.
ARTICLE

How the #NeverTrumpers sunk themselves. November 1, 2016 
Bruce Thornton is a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center. 
The chorus of NeverTrumpers is wailing ever louder as election day and Hillary's supposed victory approach. After more than a year of complaining about Trump crashing their political soiree, the Republicans attacking Trump still don't seem to get how their own behavior contributed to the perception that they are out-of-touch elites disdainful of the Republican masses. 
A recent example comes from premier NeverTrumper Bret Stephens of the Wall Street Journal . In his column Stephens bids farewell to a Republican Party stupid enough to nominate Trump, contrasting it with his imagined Golden Age of Republican policy excellence that Trump and his followers have destroyed. One policy in particular, immigration, reveals the distance between the political and pundit elite and the voting masses that helped make Trump the nominee: 
At a 1980 Republican primary debate in Houston, candidates George H.W. Bush and Ronald Reagan were asked whether the children of illegal immigrants should be allowed to attend public schools for free. Mr. Bush said they should. 'We're creating a whole society of really honorable, decent, family-loving people that are in violation of the law,' he lamented. 
Reagan agreed. Instead of 'putting up a fence,' he asked, 'why don't we . . . make it possible for them to come here legally with a work permit, and then, while they're working and earning here, they pay taxes here.' For good measure, Reagan suggested we should 'open the border both ways.' 
Where, in the populist fervor to build a wall with Mexico and deport millions of human beings, is that Republican Party today? 
Take Bush senior's statement first. It repeats basically the same clich√©s that the bipartisan Gang of Eight recycled in 2013 during their push for Comprehensive Immigration Reform, another euphemism for amnesty. All those hard-working, family-values illegal immigrants are embryonic conservatives, we were told, who just need legal status and social recognition so they can 'come out of the shadows,' as John McCain said, and start voting Republican. The political apple doesn't fall far from the tree: son Jeb ended his presidential ambitions by calling illegal immigration an 'act of love.' 
This stance on illegal immigration by Republican politicos and pundits is obviously light-years from the experience and position of many ordinary people. Take McCain's oft-repeated trope of 'living in the shadows.' Seriously? Illegal alien young people openly protest on live television, knowing they are not going to be deported. Millions visit emergency rooms for free, and wrangle food stamps, welfare transfers, school lunches, and all sorts of largess, all the while they live protected by 'sanctuary cities.' And 'living in the shadows' doesn't deter them from committing felonies, given that even if caught, convicted, and deported, they'll soon be back. Remember Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, the illegal alien deported five times, who murdered Kate Steinle? Or Angel Gilberto Garcia-Avalos, another five-time deportee who just this month started a $61 million fire in Sequoia National Park? He had just been released from the Kern County Jail, but could not be deported because of California's lunatic sanctuary city law, which prohibits a sheriff from contacting federal agents. 
Simply repeating the 'hard-working, family values, religious' mantra doesn't address the problems of illegal immigration. There are such illegal immigrants, as I know from over sixty years of personal experience living in the San Joaquin Valley, one of the largest concentrations of illegal aliens in the country. I grew up with Mexican-Americans, they're members of my immediate family, they're my friends, students, and colleagues. They're also the victims of the crimes and disorder caused by our porous border. 
Some illegals do transition into these sort of immigrants, but many do not. A rigorous vetting process might sort out the wheat from the chaff. But Bush, McCain, and Stephens have not proposed a workable, rigorous mechanism for determining who should stay and who should go. That means with any form of amnesty, citizenship will likely be granted indiscriminately, with only the most egregious felons sifted out, if any are stupid enough to apply for citizenship rather than continuing to 'live in the shadows.' But all those guilty of DUIs, hit-and-runs, or defrauding the welfare system with fake IDs will stay'ì'ìand then bring their extended families under the provisions of the disastrous 1965 Immigration Act, which enshrined 'family reunification,' with no limits on relatives of U.S. citizens. 
Equally tone-deaf is Stephens's bringing up Ronald Reagan's 'open the border both ways.' That's exactly what he did in 1986 when he signed the Simpson-Mazzoli Act, which granted amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants, with promises of 'border enforcement' that never materialized. Stephens doesn't mention that as a result, the number of illegal immigrants increased from about 3 million to 11 million, creating today's crisis. The obvious lesson is secure the border first, then figure out what to do with the 11 million. It would be governmental malfeasance to repeat Reagan's mistake. 
The problem with politicians and pundits like Stephens is they don't live with the consequences of indiscriminately letting in people from very different cultures and mores. People like Stephens don't live daily with the disorder and crime that results. They're not aware of the extensive damage to quality of life, the illegal immigration version of 'broken windows,' such as dogs without rabies shots running free, health and safety codes ignored, building codes shrugged off, garbage and refuse dumped everywhere, copper wire stolen from pumps and street lights, and chronic petty theft'ì'ìand that's on top of stolen cars, hit-and-runs, driving without insurance, gang-banging, and dealing drugs. 
And if Mr. Stephens thinks I'm just a nativist or xenophobe or racist, I dare him to visit the San Joaquin Valley. Better yet, let him bring his wife and children to live there for a month. Come and tour a hospital emergency room, a Social Security disability office, a public school, a county jail, and then wax lyrical about these 'honorable, decent, family-loving people.' It would take just a week for Mr. Stephens to develop a 'fervor' for a five-foot high wall around his house, and buy four or five pit bulls and a shotgun. Then again, he wouldn't last that long. Within a day he'd scurry back to his nice, white, secure tony neighborhood where he doesn't have to pay the cost of his moral preening. 
And that hypocrisy is where Trump came from. In the perception of millions of voters'ì'ìperceptions NeverTrumpers have fed so incessantly that they look a lot like reality'ì'ìthe conservative politicians and pundits care more about their privileged status and purity of principle than they do about the welfare and interests of their party's voters. And so they would rather see a venal, perjurious, corrupt mediocrity become Obama 2.0 and continue the progressive destruction of the Constitutional order, than see elected the nominee of their own party. What sort of 'principle' is that?
ARTICLE

Obama Won't Vote With America at the UN Under Obama, the United States won't defend the United States. November 1, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. 
A generation ago the Communist tyranny in Cuba demanded that the United Nations condemn America for the embargo. The brutal Castro regime's rant accused the United States of threatening 'nuclear annihilation,' 'countless acts of sabotage and plans to assassinate Cuban leaders.' 
On a cold day in October, the European left-wing activist serving as UN Ambassador announced to applause that her administration would no longer be voting to defend the US at the UN. 
"UN Member States have voted overwhelmingly for a General Assembly resolution that condemns the U.S. embargo and calls for it to be ended. The United States has always voted against this resolution. Today the United States will abstain," Samantha Power said. 
"Thank you," she added, acknowledging the applause. 
Under Obama, the United States would no longer defend the United States. A generation ago the Communists had been in Cuba. Now they were in Washington D.C. 
Instead of defending America, Obama's chosen representative agreed that our Communist enemies had a point about our lack of human rights and our imperialist foreign policy. 
'Let me be among the first to acknowledge 'ì as our Cuban counterparts often point out 'ì that the United States has work to do in fulfilling these rights for our own citizens. And we know that at times in our history, U.S. leaders and citizens used the pretext of promoting democracy and human rights in the region to justify actions that have left a deep legacy of mistrust,' she said. 
If the Cuban representative had been in her place, he could not have done much better. Communist Cuban propaganda was now being parroted by Ambassador Power. If the Castro dictatorship wanted to save money, it could shut down its propaganda department and outsource the labor to Washington D.C. 
The Cuban ambassador boasted that Cuban Communists had 'rid ourselves of US imperialism' and proclaimed that, 'We will never go back to capitalism.' He declared that the resolution was a powerful message to 'the peoples of the world.' The message is indeed unmistakable. 
Ben Rhodes, the close Obama adviser who sold the media on the Iran sellout, curtly tweeted his justification, 'No reason to vote to defend a failed policy we oppose.' 
Who is this 'we'? 
The Cuban embargo is the 'law of the land'. It's the official policy of the United States. It's based on laws passed by Congress and implemented by President John F. Kennedy and his successors. 
This 'we' certainly isn't the United States government, its elected representatives in the legislative and executive branches working together to end the old policy and implement a new one. 
One member of the 'we' must be Ben Rhodes because he tells us so. Who is Rhodes? An 'aspiring' novelist who pushed Obama to back the Muslim Brotherhood takeover of Egypt, the Iran nuke sellout and now, apparently, choosing Communist Cuba over America. 
No one has ever elected Rhodes to anything, but under left-wing rule, he outweighs Congress, President Kennedy, the law of the land and the national interests of the United States. 
'We' is Obama who made the final decision. It's Ambassador Samantha Power. It's a number of other functionaries all of whom derive their power from a single elected official who is only one third of the government. This is the 'we' that announced its treasonous opposition to the US at the UN. 
America has a 'we' problem. 
If the 'we' of the American left wants to vote its own way, it should secede to form its own country. 
When President John F. Kennedy proclaimed the 'Embargo on All Trade with Cuba', he based it on authorization from 'the Congress of the United States'. That is how our system used to work. 
These days El Teleprompte in D.C. decides that he wants to sign a nuclear treaty with Iran, mandate transgender bathrooms, legalize millions of illegal aliens or open relations with his brother tyrant in Havana and he does so on his own authority. And Congress is dismissed as a bunch of obstructionists. 
That's not how America is supposed to work. That's how Iran works. That's how Cuba works. 
The first word in the introduction to Obama's Presidential Policy Directive on Cuba after the date was 'I'. Obama's basis for his authority is his 2014 announcement. L'etat c'est moi. Obama is the State. 
JFK, no humble shrinking violet, mentions 'I' only in the fourth paragraph, after Congress. What is the context of Kennedy's 'I'? 'Now, Therefore, I, John F. Kennedy, President of the United States of America, acting under the authority of section 620(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961.' 
The 'I' of JFK can only act as a servant, not a master. 
In Obama's 'Directive', Congress exists only to be berated or badgered for its obstructionism. There is no source of authorization for anything other than Barack Obama. There is no law. Only Obama. 
Now the big 'we' in Washington have decided that they will oppose America at the United Nations. But Ben Rhodes, who aspires to excel at novelistic narratives, made an unfortunate slip. Obama has been accused of Louis XIV's L'etat c'est moi mentality. But Ben Rhodes isn't saying, 'We are the state'. Instead he tells us that there are two powerful political entities in America. One is US. The other is We. 
'We' does not yet entirely control the state. But 'we' also feels no obligation to the United States. If 'we' agrees with America, then 'we' will vote with it at the UN. If 'we' opposes America, then 'we' votes against it. 'We' will choose patriotism or treason based on its own interests. Not ours. 
'We' happens to run America. But it isn't America. It's the parasite humped on America's back. 
You can call 'we' by many names. Deep State is one. It's a coalition of left-wing special interests networking through politics, the non-profit sector and media corporations to control America. 
President Kennedy was quite familiar with the enemy . 'We are opposed around the world by a monolithic and ruthless conspiracy that relies primarily on covert means for expanding its sphere of influence--on infiltration instead of invasion, on subversion instead of elections, on intimidation instead of free choice.' 
Kennedy was speaking after the recent Bay of Pigs crisis. The Foreign Assistance Act, mentioned by him, was passed by Congress that year. While the Cuban embargo limited the ability of the Castro regime to sponsor and spread terror around the region and the world, it didn't stop the 'we' in Washington D.C. 
It is easy to sit here in the distant future of 2016 and wonder whether Cuba matters at all. But the truth is that we are still enmeshed in the same fundamental struggle of the Cold War. That struggle did not end when the Berlin Wall fell. It is a battle over whether nations will be ruled by 'We the People' or by the nameless 'We' of the monolithic and ruthless conspiracy of the Nomenklatura of the left. 
By backing away from America at the United Nations, the 'we' have announced their independence from the laws, responsibilities and duties of the country whose government they have hijacked. 
But the 'we' offer us no such independence from their treasonous rule. Instead they impose on us the collectivism of Yevgeny Zamyatin's novel 'We' in which everyone suffers under the stifling progressive tyranny of the One State that controls every aspect of human life. That novel inspired 1984. 
What 'we' offer us is what Cuba's Castro, We's One State and every Communist regime offer us. It's what George Orwell in 1984 summed up as, 'A boot stamping on a human face 'î forever.' 
President Kennedy dated his embargo proclamation from the 'one hundred and eighty-sixth' year of 'the Independence of the United States of America.' At the United Nations, Ambassador Power cheerfully declared America's enforced submission to the Communist demands for Cuba. 
The Cuban people show no signs of winning independence from their Communist overlords. The question is will the United States of America be able to regain its independence from the 'we'?
ARTICLE

Dawn Perlmutter 
The war on law enforcement is epidemic. Every aspect of culture has been infected. The anti-police disease is highly contagious and rapidly spreading on social media, in memes, in movements, in popular fast food restaurants, at football games, on campuses, in media and in every aspect of American culture. 
An epidemic is defined as the rapid spread of infectious disease to a large number of people in a given population within a short period of time. Colin Kaepernick is the Typhoid Mary of the anti-police epidemic. Kaepernick refuses to stand while the U.S. national anthem is being performed at the start of NFL games as a protest against alleged racial injustice and police brutality. On Sept. 1 Kaepernick chose to kneel on one knee as his protest gesture instead of just sitting on the bench. His explanation for his decision to switch is that it was an attempt to show more respect to former and current U.S. military members. As if kneeling is somehow symbolically less offensive than sitting. He misinterpreted the meaning of the military expression, 'take a knee' which occurs when troops take a pause before continuing their mission. Similar to 'Hands Up Don't Shoot' the anti-police gesture has been imbued with a trendy righteousness regardless of its original meaning. The media reverently refers to Kaepernick's protest as 'Taking a Knee' as if it is some kind of sacred act. There are no headlines that read 'Kaepernick Disses the Flag' or 'Kaepernick Takes a Crap on his Country'. Just in case his gesture didn't send a clear enough message, Kaepernick also uses clothing to symbolize his anti-police sympathies. He has worn everything from t-shirts honoring the militant Black Panther Party to socks that depict police as pigs. In addition to numerous other crimes the Black Panther Party was responsible for the murder of at least 15 officers and originated the expression 'Off the Pigs' meaning murder police. 
Like the typhoid infected cook Mary Mallon, Kaepernick is rapidly spreading the anti-police pathogen. In what has been dubbed the 'Kaepernick Effect' dozens of NFL and WNBA players have knelt, sat, or raised a fist during the national anthem. The disease has also spread to over 50 high schools, 35 colleges, and one middle school. In what can only be described as a bizarre symbolic contradiction there were two incidents where women performing the Star Spangled Banner got down on one knee in protest of what they were singing. One of the women, Denasia Lawrence, not only kneeled while performing the anthem but also opened her jacket to display a Black Lives Matter t-shirt exposing Miami Heat fans to the contagious disorder. 
Rapid spread is well known for infectious diseases. The anti-police disorder also contaminated the Navy. An unidentified sailor assigned to the Naval Air Technical Training Center in Pensacola, Florida, filmed herself deliberately not standing for the National Anthem and posted it on Facebook. She remained seated and raised a fist during morning colors and then praised Colin Kaepernick. Another sailor Petty Officer 2nd Class Janaye Ervin, an intelligence specialist in the Navy Reserve, stationed at Pearl Harbor, did not stand for the national anthem while in uniform. She also posted a statement on Facebook saying she was inspired by Colin Kaepernick. The Navy acted decisively. She lost her security clearance and may be facing jail in response to her actions. It is yet to be known if facing real consequences will contribute to curing the virus or accelerating it. 
Kaepernick is just one carrier of the anti-police disease. The source of the infection can be attributed to specific movements such as Black Lives Matter that originated in Florida during the Trayvon Martin protests. The disease went airborne in Ferguson, Missouri where it was transmitted to college students, professional protesters and journalists who subsequently spread the disorder to towns and cities across the country. Currently the disease seems to cluster around populations that are susceptible to antipolice propaganda. The symptoms are irrationality, excessive anger, impaired perception, anxiety, hatred and delusions of oppression. Acute symptoms include sudden changes in behavior, aggression, paranoia, loss of control and homicidal and suicidal tendencies. All indicators are expressed in severe disrespect for law and order. 
Early symptoms of the antipolice epidemic have been observed in various cultural manifestations of contempt for law enforcement officers. Anti-police graffiti is a common symptom of the virus. Writing has escalated from insults such as 'police are murderers' to threats of violence. A recent popular indicator is the expression 'Kill Cops' and related variations such as 'Kill All Police', 'Save A Life, Kill a Cop', 'Cops Lives Don't Matter' and 'Shoot Cops'. Threats are also depicted in images such as guns to officers' heads. Violent anti-police rhetoric has also been seen in protest signs that read 'All My Heroes Kill Cops', 'Put Wings on Pigs' [Kill Cops] and 'Cops Under Control Or Cops Under Flowers'. Disturbingly, anti-police graffiti, protests and tweets increase after officers are murdered signifying that violence against cops is celebrated and glorified. 
The anti-police epidemic has also spread to well-known fast food restaurants. Employees have refused to serve officers at a Taco Bell in Phenix City, AL; Dunkin Donuts in West Hartford, CT; Krispy Kreme in Columbia, SC; IHOP in Virginia Beach, VA; Arby's in Pembroke Pines, FL; Chuck E. Cheese in Bowling Green, KY; Whataburger in Lewisville, TX; McDonalds in Brenham, TX; Chipotle in Brooklyn, NY; Genghis Grill in Dallas, TX; Noodles & Company, in Alexandria, VA; Tropical Smoothie in Winter Haven, FL; Lucky's Teriyaki, Sedro-Woolley, WA and at the Krystal Restaurant in Irondale, AL. Other incidents involved employees refusing to let an officer use the restroom in a Philadelphia Starbucks, refusing service at a Sunoco gas station in Miramar, FL, writing Black Lives Matter on an officer's coffee cup at a Dunkin Donuts in Providence, RI and a Walmart Bakery in McDonough, GA refusing to bake a cake for a police officer's retirement party. These are just the incidents that have been made public. 
Refusing service at a restaurant goes beyond gestures of disrespect. Law Enforcement officers are concerned that instead of simply being denied service that their food will be tampered with. For this reason, many officers will only eat at restaurants where they can see the food being made. This is a legitimate concern. On Aug 23, 2016 in Louisville, KY five police officers were denied service at a Taco Bell. When another employee took their orders, they overheard a conversation between two employees making the food saying, 'I'm going to mess with them,' which resulted in them walking out of the restaurant. When officers have to fear what is being put in their food there can be no doubt that the war on police is a full-scale epidemic. 
The anti-police infection went viral on social media. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and other social networks have hundreds of anti-police pages ridiculing, disrespecting and threatening officers. Protests and riots are organized on social media and some users openly advocate and celebrate the killing of police officers. The following are examples of popular hashtags: #FTP (Fuck The Police), #BlueLivesMurder, #ACAB (All Cops Are Bastards), #BlueLivesDontMatter, #FuckCops, #FuckThemAll, #APDK (All Police Dept. Killer), #FryEmLikeBacon, #BlackLivesMatter, #Ferguson, #MilwaukeeUprising and #Kaepernick. 
As the disease progresses, more acute symptoms begin to manifest in acts of violence. A particularly offensive indicator of the disorder is the desecration of fallen officer memorials. Memorials honoring officers killed in the line of duty have been attacked in Philadelphia, Chicago, Albuquerque, Fresno, Denver, New Orleans, Oakland, Austin, Honolulu, Rochester, San Diego, St. Paul, Covington, Richmond, Goshen, Fayetteville, Raleigh and many other cities across the country. Vandalism has involved everything from dousing in paint, toppling and scratching granite, burning, to destroying a metal torch in order to extinguish the eternal flame. In a previous article , I described these acts as symbolic assassinations. Vandals target tributes to heroic officers because they want to appropriate the valor, honor and respect that they think they have been deprived of. This is another symptom of the anti-police disease. A sense of entitlement and resentment that leads to both symbolic and actual attacks on law enforcement officers. 
At its most critical stage the anti-police disorder is lethal. This is expressed in the dozens of ambushes and killings of police officers. In the most acute phase of the disease some of those infected become homicidal and suicidal targeting and killing officers knowing that they will die in the incident. A pattern has emerged that clearly demonstrates that attacks on police escalate from protest gestures to acts of vandalism to deadly shootings that inspire further demonstrations in a continual cycle of protest and violence. Consequently, Kaepernick's gesture is neither benign nor harmless. It is one symptom in a deadly epidemic.
ARTICLE

Force and Fanaticism : Wahhabism in Saudi Arabia and Beyond Is 'Wahhabism' a complete distortion of Islam? November 1, 2016 Raymond Ibrahim 
Note: In what follows, Shillman Fellow Raymond Ibrahim reviews Force and Fanaticism: Wahhabism in Saudi Arabia and Beyond, by Simon Ross Valentine. A shorter version of the book review first appeared in the Middle East Quarterly (Fall, 2016, vol. 23, no. 4). 
Valentine, a British Methodist pastor and teacher who taught in Saudi Arabia, has written a useful book about the desert kingdom. Most interesting is its exploration of how the monarchy is "the single greatest force in spreading Islamic fundamentalism"; it "has spent as much as $100 billion to spread Wahhabism in the West," yet "America and Britain have been, and are continuing to be, implicit supporters of Wahhabism." 
Valentine discusses the background of how this "unholy alliance" came about. He warns: "If the West simply ignores it, Saudi Arabia's role in international terrorism seems likely to worsen rather than conveniently disappear." This is troubling considering that "ISIS is Saudi Arabia's latest monstrous contribution to world history." 
The author explores important topics, including the mutawwa , or religious police, and provides useful historical context, discussing the origins of 'Wahhabism,' its alliance with the House of Saud, and the oil discoveries that changed everything. 
The book's primary defect is standard. Valentine regularly insists that 'it is of the greatest importance to distinguish between Wahhabism and Islam generally.' Anything good, positive, tolerant and peaceful is ascribed to Islam; anything bad, negative, intolerant, and violent'îmisogyny, draconian punishments, execution of apostates, intolerance for and discrimination against non-Muslims'îis ascribed to 'Wahhabism.' 
This position appears to be based on the author's own cultural presuppositions. Thus he 'felt confused and puzzled' to hear of Wahhabi intolerance, including the 'attempt to propagate their beliefs by force,' prompting him to wonder: Can you force someone to love God?.... In all the conversations I had with ulema, imams, Mutawa [religious police] and Saudis generally there was never a mention of 'love,' the idea that God loved me, just frightful talk of hell, burning and future pain if I did not believe and accept the Wahhabi faith.' 
Had Valentine engaged in a critical reading of Islamic doctrine and history'îas opposed to projecting his Christian notion of God onto Islam'îhe would've known that Muhammad, followed by countless caliphs and sultans throughout the centuries, did 'propagate their beliefs by force' (the overwhelming majority of today's Muslim world was taken from non-Muslims 'by force') and that although Islam attributes 99 characteristics to God, 'love' is not one of them. 
Valentine's readers would've benefit much more had he simply laid out his useful information concerning the inner workings of the Saudi regime and its unholy alliance with the West, without trying to tackle the deeper question of what Islam really is'îleading to yet another book marred by Islamic apologetics.
ARTICLE

If government can truly alleviate poverty, why have leftist policies only made it worse? November 1, 2016 Thomas Sowell 
The political left keeps announcing, as if it is a new breakthrough discovery of theirs, that life is unfair. 
Have they never read Thomas Gray's "Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard," more than two and a half centuries ago? What about economic historian David S. Landes' statement: "The world has never been a level playing field"? 
In the joint autobiography of Milton Friedman and his wife Rose, they say: "Everywhere in the world there are gross inequities of income and wealth. They offend most of us. Few can fail to be moved by the contrast between the luxury enjoyed by some and the grinding poverty suffered by others." 
Moreover, Professor Friedman left behind a foundation dedicated to promoting school choice, so that disadvantaged children could get a better education for a better chance in life. 
What is it that the political left is saying that they think is so new, such a breakthrough and such a necessity for progress? More important, what test of evidence 'î if any 'î have they ever subjected their notions to? 
No one has presented the social vision of the left more often than Nicholas Kristof of the New York Times 'î and no one has been more certain that those who do not happen to share his vision "just don't get it," as he has repeatedly declared. 
Mr. Kristof's essay "Growing Up Poor in America" in the October 30th New York Times is a classic example of the mindset of the left. 
It begins with the story of a poor black teenager in Arkansas, being raised by a single mom. Sometimes he goes hungry and his home does not have even one book. But it does have television sets with huge screens, and apparently there is money enough to buy marijuana. 
Surely we can all agree that this young fellow has very unpromising future prospects ahead of him, and that this is a human tragedy. The circumstances of his life are unfair to him and none of us would want to be born into such circumstances. Moreover, he is just one of many who are brought up in a setting that is full of dangers and with a low probability of improvement. 
But that is not enough for Mr. Kristof or for the political left in general. Of such youngsters he says, "as a society, we fail them long before they fail us." 
Whoa! Just when did "society" make the decisions and engage in the actions that have led to this teenager being in the bad situation he is in? And just when did "society" acquire either the omniscience or the omnipotence to prevent it? 
When the left says "society" they usually mean government. That is apparently what "society" means in this case, for Kristof laments that this teenager is "the kind of person whom America's presidential candidates just don't talk about." 
If the left chooses to believe that government intervention is the answer to such tragedies, that is their right. But, if they expect the rest of us to share that belief, surely they could subject that belief to some empirical test. But we can, however. 
The 1960s were the triumphant decade of those who wanted government intervention to "solve" what they called "social problems." How did that work out? What were things like before this social vision triumphed? And what were things like afterwards? 
Homicide victimization rates among black males were going down substantially in the 1940s and the 1950s. But homicide victimization rates reversed and skyrocketed in the 1960s, wiping out all the progress of the two previous decades. 
When the 1960s began, most black children were born into families with both a mother and a father. After the great welfare state expansion during the 1960s, most black children were born to a single mother, like the youngster in Arkansas today. 
Kristof's essay also mentions a teenage girl who is a single mother, and suggests that "sex education" could have prevented her from getting pregnant. Teenage pregnancy was going down 'î repeat, DOWN 'î during the 1950s. It reversed and shot up after the 1960s began bringing the "sex education" vision into schools across the country. 
Very similar trends occurred in England, after very similar visions and policies also triumphed there in the 1960s. Perhaps it is the left that just doesn't get it 'î or cannot face the hard fact that its own vision and policies worsened the very things they claimed would be made better.
ARTICLE

Time: Investigating Hillary is an Attack on All Women November 1, 2016 
Good morning. It's Tuesday. 
Who's up for another silly attempt to claim that Hillary Clinton is only being investigated for her rogue email setup because she's a woman? This gem comes from Robin Lakoff, a Berkeley professor in sustained incoherence and special pleading. 
Hillary Clinton's Emailgate Is an Attack on Women 
'It's not about emails; it's about public communication by a woman' 
I am mad. I am mad because I am scared. And if you are a woman, you should be, too. Emailgate is a bitch hunt, but the target is not Hillary Clinton. It's us. 
The only reason the whole email flap has legs is because the candidate is female. Can you imagine this happening to a man? 
His name was General Petraeus. Thank you. Have a nice day. 
Clinton is guilty of SWF (Speaking While Female), and emailgate is just a reminder to us all that she has no business doing what she's doing and must be punished, for the sake of all decent women everywhere. There is so much of that going around. 
That escalated quickly. And incoherently. Also I'm pretty sure it's not the 20s or whatever decade Robin is parodying or channeling. But yes, Hillary Clinton is only in this mess because she's a woman. It has nothing to do with anything else. That must be why Albright and Rice weren't in the center of similar scandals. 
If the candidate were male, there would be no scolding and no 'scandal.' Those very ideas would be absurd. Men have a nearly absolute right to freedom of speech. In theory, so do women, but that, as the creationists like to say, is only a theory. 
Emailing classified information on your server to avoid transparency regulations is not free speech. It's illegal for both public officials of both genders. 
But here's Hillary Rodham Clinton, the very public stand-in for all bossy, uppity and ambitious women. Here are her emails. And since it's a woman, doing what decent women should never do'îengaging in high-level public communication'îwell, there must be something wrong with that, even if we can't quite find that something. 
Illegally... emailing... classified... information.
ARTICLE

Head of Hillary Transition Project: "Israel is Depressing" November 1, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Hillary's people really don't like Israel. This email, like many of the recent leaks, stars Neera Tanden. Tanden heads the Hillary-Kaine Transition Project. The email exchange was with John Podesta, head of the Hillary campaign. 
On Mar 17, 2015 11:13 PM, "Neera Tanden" < [email protected] > wrote: > Israel is depressing >>>> It's a good lesson that the wing nuts are just ruthless in every country. > 
John Podesta replied, "Bad"
ARTICLE

Hillary Campaign Manager Gets $7K a Month from Hillary Donor Linked to Economic Collapse   
Clintonworld is a giant sewer. Nothing about it can surprise. It plummets to infinite depths of slime, mold and rotting carrion. This is just another day in Clintonworld . 
John Podesta, who draws no salary from the campaign, is making $7,000 per month from the Sandler Foundation, run by Herb Sandler, Politico reported. 
The Sandlers ran World Savings Bank, which was sold to Wachovia in 2006 for $25.5 billion and which was accused of offering adjustable-rate mortgages that contributed to the housing collapse. 
Saturday Night Live got into trouble when it depicted the Sandlers as people who should be shot. Time Magazine listed them as one of 25 people to blame for the financial crisis. 
In the early 1980s, the Sandlers' World Savings Bank became the first to sell a tricky home loan called the option ARM. And they pushed the mortgage, which offered several ways to back-load your loan and thereby reduce your early payments, with increasing zeal and misleading advertisements over the next two decades. The couple pocketed $2.3 billion when they sold their bank to Wachovia in 2006. But losses on World Savings' loan portfolio led to the implosion of Wachovia, which was sold under duress late last year to Wells Fargo. 

Notorious right wing comedy show Saturday Night Live also featured the Sandlers 
On October 4, 2008, however, Saturday Night Live aired a skit in which the Sandlers were depicted as predatory lenders. Under their names, SNL placed the caption 'people who should be shot.' Compounding the Sandlers' negative press was a Time magazine list that identified them as two of the '25 people to blame for the financial crisis.' The New York Times also labeled the Sandlers 'pariahs' -- and on December 24, 2008, the Times reportedthat their mortgages were the 'Typhoid Mary' of the housing crisis. On February 15, 2009, CBS's 60 minutes also aired a segment that featured the Sandlers' World Savings Bank as one of the primary examples of how the mortgage industry had destroyed itself and unleashed an economic collapse.'ã 
And this is whom Hillary's campaign chief is taking cash from.
ARTICLE

Lawyer Who Kept Hillary Campaign Chief Out of Jail in DOJ Hillary Probe November 1, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Peter Kadzik kept Hillary's campaign chief out of jail. And he hopes to do the same for her. 
Hillary's people have gone on the warpath against the FBI. Their allies are Obama's political appointees at the DOJ. And this is who is in their corner. 
The Justice Department official in charge of informing Congress about the newly reactivated Hillary Clinton email probe is a political appointee and former private-practice lawyer who kept Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta 'out of jail,' lobbied for a tax cheat later pardoned by President Bill Clinton and led the effort to confirm Attorney General Loretta Lynch. 
Peter Kadzik, who was confirmed as assistant attorney general for legislative affairs in June 2014, represented Podesta in 1998 when independent counsel Kenneth Starr was investigating Podesta for his possible role in helping ex-Bill Clinton intern and mistress Monica Lewinsky land a job at the United Nations. 
'Fantastic lawyer. Kept me out of jail,' Podesta wrote on Sept. 8, 2008 to Obama aide Cassandra Butts, according to emails hacked from Podesta's Gmail account and posted by WikiLeaks. 
Kadzik's name has surfaced multiple times in regard to the FBI's investigation of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for using a private, homebrewed server. After FBI Director James Comey informed Congress on Thursday the FBI was reviving its inquiry when new evidence linked to a separate investigation was discovered, congressional leaders wrote to the Department of Justice seeking more information. Kadzik replied. 
'We assure you that the Department will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,' Kadzik wrote on Oct. 31. 
Kadzik had been an attorney with Dickstein Shapiro LLP for 18 years before he represented Podesta in the Clinton/Lewinsky investigation. He was hired in 2000 as a lobbyist for tax cheat Marc Rich, who was controversially granted a pardon by President Bill Clinton during Clinton's final days in office. Kadzik got the job 'because he was 'trusted by [White House Chief of Staff John] Podesta,' and was considered to be a 'useful person to convey [Marc Rich's] arguments to Mr. Podesta,'' according to a 2002 House Oversight Committee report. 
Marc Rich? Funny you should mention his name. FBI boss Comey was the prosecutor in that case. And the FBI recently released material from the investigation into that case. 
So there's a lot of Clinton history coming full circle here.
ARTICLE

FBI Releases Files on Bill Clinton's Cash for Pardons Scandal November 1, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
The FBI has an early present for Hillary Clinton. It's the files from the time her husband decided to pardon a wanted fugitive in exchange for cash. That fugitive was a fellow by the name of Marc Rich. His prosecutor? James Comey. 
The FBI unexpectedly released 129 pages of documents related to an investigation closed without charges in 2005 into President Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich, who had been married to a wealthy Democratic donor. 
The unusual timing of the release was the result of a Freedom of Information Act request that had been completed and was posted under standard FBI practice, according to a law enforcement official who asked not to be identified discussing internal matters. But the Clinton campaign immediately questioned the timing of the release. 
Well of course it did. It's never especially wise to pick fights with people who have a lot of dirt on you. 
The investigation stemmed from one of several pardons Clinton made on the last day of his presidency in 2001, that of financier and international fugitive Marc Rich, whose ex-wife Denise had given to the Democratic National Committee and the entity that would later become the Clinton Foundation. 
And there's a surprise guest. 
While the files may seem dated, they invoke figures beyond the Clintons who went on to play key roles in official Washington -- including Comey. 
He served as prosecutor in charge of a legal case against Rich from 1987 to 1993. As the U.S. attorney in Manhattan in 2002, Comey took over a criminal investigation of Clinton's pardons. 'I was stunned' at the Rich pardon, Comey wrote in a letter to lawmakers in 2008. 
Clinton's people are fuming, but it was a standard FIOA request and there's nothing big here. It's just one of those things the Clintons should have gone to jail for. But didn't. Another of those.
ARTICLE

Hillary Already Planning Fireworks for Victory Celebration November 1, 2016 
People of the United States, your royal family . 
Law enforcement officials and the FDNY have been told to prepare for a barge-launched pyrotechnic display off Manhattan's Javits Center, where Clinton and running mate Tim Kaine will join their supporters for the Nov. 8 vote count, sources said. 
The aerial detonations would last for two minutes, with the triumphal celebration permitted to start as early as 9:30 p.m. 'î a mere half-hour after the polls close in New York, sources said. 
Fortunately pride has never been known to come before a fall. And hubris is a notoriously positive trait with no negative consequences. That must be why Hillary Clinton is down in the polls and facing yet another investigation while feuding with the FBI. 
Cops and firefighters were blown away by Clinton's hubris in planning the fireworks display, which would eclipse the shower of blazing sparkles that preceded the balloon drop at July's Democratic National Convention. 
'It's a little presumptuous of her to plan on winning. I guess she put in for this before Friday,' one NYPD detective said. 
Others said the actual election results could put a damper on things, but one firefighter raised the specter of a 2000-style recount and added, 'So what's she going to do, put the fireworks on ice?' 
The arrogance is truly unchecked.
ARTICLE

Obama's Secret Muslim List Why enemies of Israel and Iran's 'go-to guy' appeared on the list. November 2, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. 
Like a warped Islamic version of Santa Claus, Obama had a secret Muslim list. And his people checked it at least twice. The list was of Muslims who were prospects for important jobs and appointments. 
It included a Muslim who had described Israel as an 'Apartheid State,' Iran's 'go-to guy in New York financial circles' and a number of figures linked to the Muslim Brotherhood. 
It was the ultimate religious test from an administration that had vocally rejected them. 
Obama had claimed that having religious tests for migration was 'shameful' and 'not American.' 
'When I hear folks say that, well maybe we should just admit the Christians but not the Muslims,' he huffed from Turkey. His Muslim host country was run by a bigoted sponsor of Islamic terror. 
"We don't have religious tests,' he insisted. 
Except we did and we do. Obama also had religious tests. His religious tests excluded Christians and favored Muslims. That is why his Syrian refugees were between 98% and 99% Muslim with only 68 Christians and 24 Yazidis, even though both groups are real victims of the Muslim religious war. 
Syria is 10% Christian and hundreds of thousands have been displaced. Yet only 68 have made it past Obama's iron curtain. That's either an Islamic religious test or the world's greatest coincidence. 
But would the man who piously lectured us on the evils of religious tests really have a religious test? 
Of course he would. 
The hacked emails include a list of 'Muslim American candidates for top Administration jobs, sub-cabinet jobs, and outside boards/agencies/policy committees.' 
The list was sent to John Podesta who headed the Obama-Biden Transition Project. It had been put together by a woman who had sat on the Commission on International Religious Freedom, but boasted that she had, 'Excluded those with some Arab American background but who are not Muslim (e.g., George Mitchell). Many Lebanese Americans, for example, are Christian.' 
How 'shameful.' How 'not American' of Barack Hussein Obama. 
'Most who are listed appear to be Muslim-American, except that a handful (where noted) may be Arab American but of uncertain religion (esp. Christian),' she assured Podesta. 
Religious tests are only out of line when they exclude Muslims. Not when they exclude Christians. 
That's the pattern which emerged from the Obama-Biden Transition Project and Obama's refugee policy. There has been a clear pattern of administration bias against Christians and Jews. And in favor of Muslims. That bias has been obvious in a foreign policy which backed Islamic supremacist groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood over more moderate governments at the expense of non-Muslim populations. 
This policy led to the displacement and death of countless Christians, and the persecution of entire communities, by an administration which then denied safe harbor to the victims of its own policies. 
Administration bias replicated that same bigoted policy at home when it favored Islamic candidates. 
Obama appointed Farooq Kathwari, the first name on the 'Muslim list' sent to Podesta, to the President's Advisory Commission on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. 
The 'Muslim list' email had warned that, 'Kathwari's then 19-year-old American-educated son Irfan (aka Imran), was killed in 1992 fighting Jihad against the Russians in Afghanistan.' The actions of his son, who may have been with the Mujahedeen but was also apparently outraged over India's defense of Kashmir, is of less relevance than Kathwari's appearance at an ISNA conference and another conference co-sponsored by the Muslim Students Association. Both groups are linked to the Muslim Brotherhood. 
He co-chaired the American Muslim Task Force whose members included Salam Al-Marayati , Director of the Muslim Public Affairs Council, which has defended Hamas and Hezbollah, Yahya Basha, president of the American Muslim Council and a former board member of the Muslim Public Affairs Council, and assorted other Islamists . Its report complained that Muslims were inhibited from donating to 'charities' run by Islamic terrorist groups such as Hezbollah. Yahya Basha also appeared on Obama's Muslim list. 
Also listed was MPAC's Aslam Abdullah who had claimed that 'Zionists,' Christians and Hindus were behind the War on Terror. He had described Israel as an 'apartheid state' and a 'racist state.' 
The second Muslim on the list, Cyrus Amir-Mokri, was named assistant treasury secretary. He became the first Iranian to be named to such a high position and defended the Iran nuclear sellout. Mokri attended a meeting with members of the Iran Lobby at the White House. He also reportedly advised Obama on Iranian sanctions. 
Obama had famously told NASA boss Bolden that one of his three tasks at the space agency was Muslim self-esteem. But Bolden almost didn't make it in. The Muslim list included two alternative candidates for NASA administrator. One of them, Dr. Charles Elachi of JPL was dismissed as 'possibly Christian.' Indeed Elachi, who grew up admiring John Wayne and believes that American success is possible because it isn't "held back by the long-standing, ingrained systems and beliefs found in the Middle East" would have been a rather poor fit. But it is deeply shameful and un-American that his potential NASA appointment questioned his religion. That is an inappropriate religious test that Obama must apologize for. 
The other name on the list however is Firouz Naderi, an Iranian board member of the Public Affairs Alliance of Iranian Americans which advocated in support of the Iran nuke sellout. 
Eboo Patel, whose name would frequently appear on lists of Islamists in the Obama administration, first made an appearance on the Muslim List. Despite his Islamist ties, he got the posting at the Advisory Council on Faith-Based Neighborhood Partnerships. Also listed were Keith Ellison, Andre Carson and Larry Shaw. Shaw sits on the board of CAIR. 
Dilawar Syed, the first name to appear on the list of possible appointments, was named to Obama's Advisory Commission on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. Syed is a co-founder and chair of the Asian Americans and Pacific Islander Victory Fund which has come out for Hillary Clinton. The secret Muslim list describes him as 'animated by policy issues relating to the Muslim world.' A similar description is appended to the bio for Kashif Zafar who served as a Co-Chair of the South Asian American Leadership Council at the DNC. 
Also on the list was Hamid Biglari. Bloomberg described Biglari as "Iran's Man in New York' and as the Iranian president's 'go-to guy in New York financial circles.' Biglari was a key Iran Lobby figure. 
The recently revealed secret Muslim list is deeply troubling. There should be no religious test for political appointments. Yet Obama had one. And his people sought to screen out Christians and favor Muslims. 
This represents behavior that is in Obama's own words, 'shameful' and 'not American.' One can't help but conclude that, based on his own principles, Obama is shameful and not American.
ARTICLE

Will James Comey Change the Outcome of the Election? Is this the game-changing October surprise that many hope for -- and others dread? November 2, 2016 
Bruce Thornton is a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center. 
FBI Director James Comey's reopening of the investigation into Clinton's emails has roiled once more the presidential election. Donald Trump has called the decision 'courageous' and 'bigger than Watergate.' Clinton, the DOJ, Democrat Senators, and their media flying monkeys are all having conniption fits over their quondam champion's defection, calling the announcement 'appalling,' 'absurd,' 'strange,' 'deeply troubling,' an 'attack,' and 'unprecedented.' The bigger question is whether it will move enough voters over to Trump's side and put him in the White House. 
There's no doubt that Comey's announcement eleven days before the election is mystifying. Not because it is 'unprecedented' as the Democrats keep squealing. They had no such qualms when the weekend before the 1992 election, special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh indicted a poll-surging George H.W. Bush for his alleged involvement in the Iran-Contra scandal. No, the mystery is Comey's motives. Is Comey like Conrad's Lord Jim, now sacrificing his FBI career'ì'ìsure to be over if the notoriously vengeful Clinton is elected'ì'ì to atone for having besmirched his office, reputation, and the principle of equality before the law in service to careerist self-interest? Or was he facing a mutiny and leaks from disgruntled FBI investigators? To quote one of our candidates, 'At this point, what difference does it make?' 
The real question is whether it will make a difference to the voters. Right now we don't know if the content of the 650,000 emails from the conjugal laptop used by serial sexter Anthony Weiner, estranged husband of Clinton vizier Huma Abedin, will reveal something damning like, say, classified materials. But we already know that Clinton passed classified information over an unsecured server, which didn't bother Comey back in July. So what could be in these new emails that rises above Comey's sophistic 'extreme carelessness,' and reaches the statute's 'gross negligence'? Or has Comey found new evidence of Hillary's 'intent,' his other exculpatory sophistry that had little to do with the law? There had to be something that made Comey subject himself to the scorched-earth wrath of the Democrats. 
Whatever is found on the Abedin laptop, one wonders if will even matter to a sufficient number of voters. They have shrugged off so many scandals, lies, and failures that should have sunk a candidacy, that it's hard to calculate what level of incompetence, unpleasantness, dishonesty, sleaze, and crime is disqualifying anymore. Here are the greatest hits from Hillary's catalogue: Whitewater Missing billing records from her tenure at the Rose Law Firm Renting out the Lincoln Bedroom to donors Travelgate Illegal possession of FBI files Conducting illegal secret meetings of the Task Force on National Health Care Reform Cackling over keeping a pedophile rapist out of jail Hounding the victims of her husband's sexual assaults and philandering Stealing $200,000 worth of china, furniture, and artwork from the White House Claiming she landed under 'sniper fire' in Bosnia Claiming she and Bill left the White House 'dead broke' Shaking down Wall Street while assuring the Orcs of capitalism that she's got their back Charging exorbitant speaking fees for a half hour of banalities and bromides Calling 30,000 missing emails 'personal' communications Lying about the Benghazi attack to the faces of the four dead Americans' families Supporting the lie that the attacks were caused by an obscure Internet video when she knew the same night that they weren't Perjuring herself before Congress and the FBI about the emails and her private server The disastrous overthrow of Ghaddafi in Libya The disastrous 'reset' with Russia The disastrous nuclear deal with Iran The disastrous withdrawal from Iraq The corrupt Clinton Foundation and its wholly owned subsidiary, the pay-to-play State Department Using feminist rhetoric while taking cash from some of the planet's most brutally misogynistic regimes Serially flip-flopping on issues like same-sex marriage, the Trans Pacific Trade deal, and the Keystone pipeline Promising to 'raise taxes on the middle class' and 'put coal miners out of work' Her campaign staff's dirty tricks against Trump and his supporters Her campaign staff's incestuous relationship with the media Her staff's illegal destruction of incriminating evidence during the email investigation Her strong support of gruesome late-term abortions And, last but not least, the continuing unanswered questions about her physical and cognitive health 
Back in the day, just a few of these gaffes, deceptions, and failures would probably have sunk a campaign for Congress, let alone the White House. 
And Mr. Trump's offenses? He's talks exactly as you'd expect a New York real estate developer, casino owner, reality television star, and beauty pageant mogul to talk He's condemned as a sexual assaulter for saying a decade ago what Bill Clinton and every White-House-visiting rapper, movie star, or rock star knows about the sexual perks of celebrity: 'When you're a star they let you do it,' as Trump bragged of his crude sexual advances He's ignorant of policy He doesn't understand the economics of global trade He doesn't know what the 'nuclear triad' is He's addicted to a half dozen superlative adjectives He wants to build a wall with Mexico He takes legal advantage of tax law He's not 'suitable' for office He does not have the right 'temperament' He's used bankruptcy as a business tool He's accused of groping over a dozen women, including a polymorphously perverse porn star He's mean and insulting He has orange hair 
In short, Trump lacks the superficial patina of rhetorical decorum and sober demeanor that most modern presidents and candidates spray over their public personas in order to hide their private flaws and vices. Just ask Hillary's various Secret Service details how wide the distance between public and private personalities can be. 
The voters will decide for themselves which candidate's catalogue of sins is more disqualifying and dangerous. But whatever happens, it's clear that we the people have lowered the bar of acceptability for presidential candidates. 
This transformation happened decades before Trump and Hillary came along. After Bill Clinton was impeached for perjury related to his sordid sexual depredations in the White House, his approval ratings were 73%. He left the White House with a 66% rating, higher than any president since Harry Truman, including Ronald Reagan. Think about it: the president who sexually exploited an intern and was impeached for perjury left office with higher approval ratings than the president who rescued the economy and tossed the Soviet Union into its own dustbin of history. 
That was the inflection point for our political culture. No wonder that Barack Obama's lack of any real-world experience or achievement, left-wing views, self-confessed drug use, friends like the anti-American racist Jeremiah Wright and unrepentant terrorist Bill Ayers, and gaping holes in his biography were unimportant to 45 million voters. So why now are we shocked, shocked that off-brand candidates like Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are vying for the presidency? Decrying these candidates is closing the barn door after the horses of virtue, wisdom, and decorum have already long gone. 
So absent a smoking howitzer in the next WikiLeaks dump, Comey's restart of the investigation, which in any case will take months to complete, will probably not be the game-changing October surprise many hope for and others dread, especially given a corrupt media's studied indifference to anything that damages their candidate. Then again, the rapid erosion of Hillary's support is drawing analogies to Reagan's late surge against Carter. 
Either way, on November 8, most people will vote their economic interests and their ideological passions, and decide based on subjective perceptions and silly criteria like 'cares for people like me.' Or they might just finally realize that Hillary's accumulated offenses are intolerable. But what that standard of selection will deliver is anybody's guess.
ARTICLE

Lloyd Billingsley 
'Presidential debates between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton included a third participant: Vladimir Putin, standing in the background, stealthily inserting himself in the process.' Putin's Russia 'uses deniable cyber-hooliganism to actively prank the American political system. And it's taking a toll. . . This is the Putin Playbook. Steal, cheat, attack, disrupt, mislead, confuse. If caught, lie and deny.' And it gets worse. 
'Unfortunately, the Republican presidential nominee reinforces this narrative, referring to a 'rigged' system and an indictable opponent. His outbursts follow years of domestic political discord, where comity is history, crazy seems the new normal, and a sitting president can be heckled with 'You lie!'' 
All told, the piece reads like a Clinton press release, but it's actually 'Putin's powerful playbook: Hack, steal, disrupt, mislead, confuse,' in the October 30, Sacramento Bee , two days after the Comey email bombshell. The author is Markos Kounalakis, billed as 'a senior fellow at Central European University and visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution.' That doesn't quite capture the man and his connections with the Clintons, which have shown up in Wikileaks. 
Mr. Kounalakis' author line fails to reveal that he is married to Eleni Tsakopoulos-Kounalakis, daughter of real-estate tycoon Angelo Tsakopoulos. According to Greek USA Reporter , Angelo is a 'top political donor to the Clintons as well as the Democratic Party,' whose 'donations to former President Bill Clinton were rewarded with a night in the prestigious Lincoln Bedroom.' In 2013 Tsakopoulos, 'confirmed that Hillary Clinton will seek the Democratic nomination in the next Presidential election.' 
Angelo's daughter Eleni, a prot√©g√© of Nancy Pelosi and Barbara Boxer , raised more than $1 million for Hillary Clinton in 2008 , and that money found its reward. On January 7, 2010, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton swore in Tsakopoulos-Kounalakis as U.S. Ambassador to Hungary. In that capacity , she condemned Wikileaks for releasing secret diplomatic cables, but declined comment on the authenticity of the material. Tsakopoulos-Kounalakis served as ambassador until 2013 but as Wikileaks confirms, she continued as a key Clinton supporter doing her best to beat back a presidential run by Joe Biden. 
In a June 11, 2015 email, Eleni Tsakopoulos Kounalakis tells John Podesta that a Bay Area bagman 'swears Biden is running. He said he took him on Air Force Two, and he's getting emails.' Last July, Tsakopoulos-Kounalakis emailed Clinton confidant Jake Sullivan that 'HRC indicated her view that it would be best to avoid Grexit' and a July 9, 2015 email to Sullivan, John Podesta and Huma Abedin, she supports 'terms that will allow Greece to stay in the Eurozone.' 
On October 11, 2015, Tsakopoulos Kounalakis emailed Podesta that 'there is a Greek American love fest going on with Joe Biden, very boy-club.' The same day she emailed Podesta and Huma Abedin that 'we had a David Brock dinner with Annie Karni from Politico. She asked to use four quotes from me (see attached). I told her the first two could be with attribution, and the second two without.' 
As the emails to John Podesta and Humba Abedin reveal, 'Ambassador Eleni Kounalakis,' as she styles herself, remains part of Hillary Clinton's inner circle. Tellingly, the McClatchy-Tribune newspapers that run her husband's columns, do not acknowledge the strong Clinton connection. 
The New York Times proclaimed Kounalakis a 'White Knight' for rescuing Washington Monthly , where he served as publisher and teamed with editor Paul Glastris. This tandem made the publication a 'progressive must-read,' according to Clinton strategist James Carville. Kounalakis reported for Newsweek in East Germany and ran their bureau in Prague. He also worked in Moscow for NBC Radio and Mutual news. 
Kounalakis' books include Hope Is a Tattered Flag: Voices for the Post-Bush Era , with Peter Laufer, and Beyond Spin: the Power of Strategic Corporate Journalism with Drew Banks and Kim Daus. It remains something of a mystery how the leftist Kounalakis became a visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution, known for strong conservative writers and scholars such as Thomas Sowell, Victor Davis Hanson, and Bruce Thornton. 
Only one time, as this writer recalls, has Kounalakis acknowledged in print his wife's strong Clinton connections. Even after the Wikileaks revelations, and with a presidential election only days away, Kounalakis did not acknowledge his wife's key role in HRC's inner circle with John Podesta and Huma Abedin. His October 30 Sacramento Bee piece suggests Markos is right at home in those circles. 
Kounalakis attacks 'the Republican presidential nominee,' implying that he is 'crazy,' and a tool of the evil Putin. On the other hand, the Clinton email scandal gets zero attention and the author piles on the ad copy: 'American society has made great strides in LGBTQ rights, women's rights and minority rights, and has a relatively strong and resilient globally innovative economy.' 
The author gives readers good cause to regard this article as pure Clinton campaign propaganda from a camouflaged Clinton crony. Maybe Markos will join his wife, Huma Abedin, and John Podesta in the Wikileaks revelations. For many observers, the issue is not where the leaks came from but whether the revelations are true and authentic. If Markos Kounalakis believes they are bogus, maybe he can write about what's in the real ones.
ARTICLE

Search form Search From Bad to Worse : Obama's Ransom Payment to Iran is Just the Tip of the Iceberg In his bid to pursue a legacy, Obama charts disastrous course with reckless abandon. November 2, 2016 Ari Lieberman 
Most of us, including several democratic lawmakers, cringed when Obama inked the Iran deal but those of us who are familiar with the malevolent nature of the Iranian regime, recoiled in horror when we learned that Obama transferred $400 million to the Iranians in exchange for four American citizens held captive by the mullahs on trumped up charges. The $400 million was part of a larger installment totaling $1.7 billion, ostensibly to settle claims Iran had against the United States stemming from aborted Iranian arms purchases dating back to the Shah. Obama claimed that this was money that was 'owed' to Iran and the settlement, which included $1.3 billion in interest, saved the U.S. taxpayer 'billions' because the Iranians were demanding even more at the Hague tribunal, where the claim was being adjudicated. 
The timing and method of the cash transfers were disquieting to say the least and raised serious questions of legality as well as broader geo-political concerns. The Americans were freed only after Iran received its $400 million. The payment, which was airlifted in the dead of night in an unmarked cargo plane, was made in untraceable cash, stacked on wooden pallets. The Iranians demanded Swiss Francs and Euros rather than Dollars and a pliant Obama agreed to the Islamic Republic's dictates. Gleeful Iranian leaders were quick to announce victory and claimed that the payment was indeed a ransom, contradicting the administration's adamant denials. 
Even within the administration there was confusion about whether the payment was in fact a ransom. State Department spokesman Mark Toner came very close to acknowledging this fact when he noted that the $400 million was used as 'leverage' to ensure the Americans' safe return. The White House however, quickly repudiated the State Department's characterization. 
Even if one were to believe the story peddled by the administration, the mere appearance of a quid pro quo payment potentially exposes the U.S. to extortion and hostage-taking. The Iranians certainly believed it was a ransom payment and more likely than not, every two-bit dictator on the planet saw it that way as well. 
But there are deeper more troubling aspects to this convoluted story. In his January 17, 2016 address to the American people, Obama tried to put a positive spin on his dealings with the Islamic Republic but as noted by Rick Richman in an excellent article featured in Mosaic , the deal struck with the Iranians was rotten to its core and the administration deliberately kept the American people in the dark about various aspects of the shady arrangement. 
The $400 million that the U.S. transferred to Iran came from Iran's Foreign Military Sales (FMS) account with the Pentagon. The balance of 1.3 billion ostensibly represented interest accrued since 1979. But Obama neglected to note that when Iran filed its lawsuit, the U.S. filed counterclaim against Iran for $817 million for Iranian breaches of its obligations under the FMS program. The U.S. could have conceivably won that counterclaim which would have meant wooden pallets of cash for the American treasury, courtesy of the Islamic Republic. 
Moreover, American plaintiffs maintained sixteen U.S. court judgments against the Islamic Republic stemming from that regime's involvement in terrorist activities. Those judgments totaled $3.9 billion in compensatory and punitive damages. 
Some plaintiffs sought to recover their Judgments directly from Iran's FMS account but their efforts were stymied by the Clinton administration. Instead, under a convoluted deal struck between Congress and the Clinton administration in 2,000, the U.S. treasury was to pay the holders of the judgments against Iran for the amount of their compensatory damages and 10 percent of their punitive damages up to the amount in the FMS fund. The judgments would then be subrogated to the United States, which meant that judgments became direct U.S claims against the Iranian government. 
Iran ignored the Judgments and never paid any of the plaintiffs. Under U.S. law, the $400 million sitting in the FMS account should have gone back to the U.S. treasury, which had already paid the judgment holders. But the U.S. treasury never collected a dime on the subrogated claims since Obama shipped the money off on wooden pallets to Iran. Essentially, the U.S. taxpayer ended up footing the bill for Iran's terrorism while the Iranians were never held accountable for their maleficence. 
Obama's actions represented blatant disregard for the law, for the victims of terrorism and for the American taxpayer. His claim of saving the taxpayer 'billions' represents the zenith of mendacity. 
Obama claimed that the payments had to be made in cash because existing sanctions prohibited normal banking procedures. But as noted by Richman, the sanctions regimen expressly permits payments made to settle Iranian claims instituted at The Hague, exposing yet another lie by the Obama administration. 
There was one, and only one reason why the Iranians requested cash and all but the most disingenuous know what that reason is. The Iranians are the world's foremost state-sponsors of international terrorism. They finance terrorist groups and proxy militias throughout the region and internationally but can only do so through illicit means that circumvent normal methods of financing. Hence, they demanded untraceable cash. The misery that we are currently witnessing in Syria, Yemen and elsewhere is due in no small part to the Obama administration which provided the Iranians with the cash necessary to keep operations flowing. 
In addition to the $1.7 billion in cash, Obama also authorized the release of seven convicted Iranian felons and expunged warrants on 14 others. But this aspect of the transaction seems almost trivial when considering the sheer mendacity and illegality of nearly every other aspect of the deal. 
Lastly, the transfer of such a large sum to Iran in 'settlement' of an alleged legal claim required the attorney general's approval but the administration has yet to produce any document bearing Loretta Lynch's signature authorizing such payment. On October 7, Sen. Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) and Rep. Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.) presented Lynch with a series of questions seeking clarification of various aspects of the deal. Lynch, whose tenure as attorney general is proving to be as corrupt and partisan as her predecessor, has inexplicably refused to answer the lawmakers' queries. 
In a desperate attempt to establish a legacy, Obama pursued the Iran deal with reckless abandon, forfeiting positions previously regarded as red lines and signing the worst deal in U.S. diplomatic history. The ancillary deal struck with the Iranians concerning American hostages was laced with outright lies and enabled the Iranians to continue their reign or regional terror. More importantly, it may also have been in violation of existing U.S. law and Lynch's stonewalling only lends credence to that notion.
ARTICLE

Netanyahu's Critical Foreign Tour Israel's strategic repositioning. 
Originally published by the Jerusalem Post . 
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's upcoming trips to Australia, Singapore, Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan might be the most significant diplomatic visits he makes in his tenure in office. The trips will take place against the backdrop of two major international shifts that cast Israel into uncharted waters as a small state with a dizzying array of strategic threats arrayed against it. The states that he will visit are all well-positioned to help Israel navigate its next moves. The first shift is the US's political crackup. 
Next week American voters will choose their next president. The major candidates, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican nominee Donald Trump, are the weakest candidates to have ever stood for the highest office in the land. Their rise is a testament to the weakening, if not the unraveling of the glue that has held America together since the Civil War. The unraveling of the US electorate comes against the backdrop of the diminution of US military power. The US's multi-trillion dollar investment in inconclusive if not failed wars in the Middle East over the past 15 years has come at the expense of military modernization. The F-35 program has sucked up the majority of the remaining research and development funds. And it has yet to produce a reliable airplane. Worse, the F-35's long and problematic gestation period has given Russia and China the time and opportunity to develop air defense systems capable of neutralizing the F-35's stealth systems. Those systems were supposed to be its chief advantage as the next generation fighter for the US and its allies. The deterioration of the US's military capabilities has gone hand in hand with the US's apparent loss of strategic rationality. This is apparent worldwide, but is nowhere more obvious than in the Middle East. President Barack Obama's decision to effectively abandon the US's major allies in the Middle East in favor of cultivating ties with Iran has made the region far more dangerous to the US and its spurned allies than it was eight years ago. True, in theory, Obama's decision to prefer the Shi'ites to the Sunnis makes sense given the totalitarian and imperial nature of Sunni jihadism. But in light of the genocidal, totalitarian and imperial nature of the current Iranian regime, his move made no sense and its impact has been massively destructive. Moreover, Obama's willingness to rack up the US's national debt in an unprecedented manner and repress economic growth through overregulation has left a large question mark over the possibility of a military buildup. In other words, even under the best circumstances, it is hard to imagine that the US will be capable of reestablishing its global primacy over the next four years or even over the next decade. The implications for Israel are far reaching. For decades, Israel's strategic posture has been predicated on its ability to depend on US power. This strategic posture is no longer tenable. The second major international shift is Russia's sudden rise as the primary global power in the Middle East. As Channel 2 reported Sunday night, Russia has deployed sophisticated naval and air systems in the region that can detect all of Israel's air and naval operations. In a matter of months, Israel has lost the air and naval supremacy it has enjoyed for the past four decades. The air force reportedly is convinced that the F-35's stealth systems will be able to neutralize Russia's detection capabilities. But given the well-documented current problems with the F-35's stealth systems, this conviction is unwise. And even under the best circumstances, in which Israel has the opportunity to develop its own electronic warfare systems and apply them to its F-35 without American interference, it will take Israel years to surmount the challenge that rapidly improving Russian systems present to our air force. According to Channel 2's report, air force and naval commanders are in a panic over the sudden turn of events. Rather than panicking though, Israel needs to roll with the punches and figure out how best to cope with this new situation. The obvious answer is that we need to quickly expand our capabilities in areas that Russia's military primacy does not reach. Specifically, Israel needs to expand massively its capacity for under-the-radar operations. The first area that needs to be massively strengthened is our intelligence capabilities, particularly human intelligence capabilities. Israel should be investing massively in developing and expanding our cultivation and direction of proxies on the ground throughout the region. Second, Israel needs to adapt its cyber technology capabilities in a manner that diminishes our enemies' ability to strike us. Israel needs to be able to disrupt and disable command and control and other systems. Israel's reach needs to extend as low down the line of its enemies' military chain of command as possible. If our offensive capabilities are being checked, so must the capabilities of our enemies. Indeed, our enemies need to be subverted. Part of the intelligence and cyber capabilities that Israel must develop and deploy must be geared toward destabilizing with the goal of overthrowing the regime in Iran. At the same time, Israel should be empowering anti-regime sectors in Iran in a manner that expands the prospect of developing close ties with a successor regime along the lines of the strategic alliance Israel built with the regime of the shah in the decades which preceded the 1979 Islamic revolution. Third, Israel needs to expand and diversify the capabilities of our ground forces. Israel needs to be capable of using new means to deploy its fighters at home and on distant shores. It needs to align its both its special and regular forces with the new threat environment. And it needs to be able to utilize its ground forces in manners that can extend the reach and diminish the compromised positions of its air and naval assets in the era of Russian regional primacy. Fourth, Israel needs to expand its economic growth and diversify its economic ties in a manner that positions it as a regional economic power. It needs to use it natural gas resources specifically as a means to expand and deepen its ties with Asia. Such economic growth and power will positively influence Russia's willingness to allow Israel to carry out air and naval operations against its enemies 'ì and Russia's allies in Lebanon, Syria and beyond. In other words, the more economically powerful Israel is, the more Russia will be willing to side with Israel against Hezbollah and others that are currently operating under the Russian umbrella. This then brings us to Netanyahu's upcoming trips. Each state that he will visit has something to offer Israel in expanding its intelligence, cyberwarfare and economic capabilities. Australia, a major Western economy, is moving toward China as America has become less engaged in the Pacific. Israel has an acute interest in using Australia as a platform for expanding its ties to China and other Asian countries, both because of the economic advantages such ties convey and due to China's strategic importance to Russia. As for Singapore, Israel effectively built the Singaporean military in the 1960s and 1970s. The country remains extremely supportive of Israel. Like Australia, Singapore has close ties to China. It has technological and other capabilities that can be extremely advantageous for Israel today. Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan are critically important to Israel today. Their strategic proximity to Iran, and their ties to Russia, along with their ethnic composition and their natural resources make securing good relations with both critical to Israel's ability to advance and security its strategic interests in every sphere. Israel has tremendous assets to offer each of the four countries that Netanyahu will visit. These assets must be deployed wisely to ensure that Israel gains as much as possible from his trip and from its future ties with all of them. Given the dramatic changes in the global power balance, and their implications for Israel, Netanyahu's decision to fly to visit these four countries just after the US elections tells us that he gets it. At a time of regional and global turbulence and uncertainty, in the context of swiftly multiplying threats, this is no small matter.
ARTICLE

The Hostility and Hypocrisy of Left-Wing Israeli NGOs Where are the condemnations of the PA's efforts to prevent 'normalization' with Israel? November 2, 2016 
Originally written for the Investigative Project on Terrorism. 
Israeli human rights group B'Tselem recently appeared before a special session of the United Nations Security Council, excoriating Israel and pleading with the body to act against Israel's settlements. 
In 1975, the UN famously declared that 'Zionism is racism' and, four decades later, the organization continues to hound Israel. In each of the last four years, as the Syrian bloodbath claimed hundreds of thousands of lives, there were at least five times as many resolutions condemning Israel as those rebuking the rest of the world. 
The UN's cultural body, UNESCO, recently passed a motion ignoring any Jewish (or Christian) historical ties to East Jerusalem holy sites, referring to the Temple Mount and Western Wall only by their Muslim names and condemning Israel as 'the occupying power.' It turns out that some of Israel's left-wing NGOs worked to help produce the UNESCO motion. 
Given the UN's chronic hostility, efforts by Israeli NGOs to persuade the UN to act against Israel are arguably treasonous. Indeed, one attorney and activist for Israel's left-leaning Labor party filed a police complaint alleging treason against B'Tselem, arguing that the NGO has harmed state sovereignty, tried to give land away to a foreign entity, and taken steps that could cause a war. 
Israeli democracy is extremely tolerant, to the point of allowing its members of parliament to openly support terrorism and terrorist groups. Last March, several Israeli Arab Knesset members condemned Arab states for labeling Hizballah a terrorist organization, even though it has been at war with Israel for decades and regularly threatens new hostilities. 
Last February, members from the Joint (Arab) List paid a solidarity visit to relatives of Palestinian terrorists whom Israeli security forces had killed to stop them from murdering Israelis. In 2014, MK Hanin Zoabi (Balad) drew praise from Hamas after she asserted that the kidnappers of three missing Israeli youths were 'not terrorists.' Hamas's connection to the young men's abduction and murder helped to spark the third war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza. 
Thus, Israel already has plenty of dissenting voices and activists without foreign intervention. Nevertheless, foreign interests have identified Israeli NGOs as the soft underbelly of Israeli democracy and have leveraged them to promote their own agendas. The problem became so acute that a watchdog, NGO Monitor, was formed in 2002 to track the self-hostility being funded largely by European and other foreign sources. As the organization notes: 'NGOs lack a system of checks and balances, and'¶provide accountability to their funders and activist members, and not to the citizens or societies whose lives are directly impacted by their activities.' 
NGO Monitor also notes that, even though most of the foreign government funding for these Israeli NGOs is 'formally designated for 'educating the Israeli public' and 'changing public opinion' (both in violation of the norms on non-interference in other democracies), these Israeli NGOs are very active externally, in the delegitmization and political warfare against Israel.' 
These left-wing Israeli NGO's receive money from about two dozen foreign governments , and some private organizations . That includes millions of dollars from billionaire George Soros. 
In Catch the Jew , author Tuvia Tenenbom exposed how foreign-funded 'human rights' and 'cultural' organizations in Israel tend to serve as vehicles for attacking Israel. By presenting himself to interview subjects as 'Tobi the German,' Tenenbom elicits some surprising confessions. For example, the New Fund for Cinema and TV, a foreign-funded Israeli cultural NGO, told him that that about 80 percent of political documentaries made in Israel are co-produced by Europeans. That includes a documentary called '10%'îWhat Makes a Hero,' which equates Israel's military with the Nazis. Such films would be too scandalous to be produced in Germany, but German-sponsored NGOs can safely pay left-wing Israelis to make such movies. 
Some foreign funders of Israeli NGOs have even unwittingly enriched Hamas. Last August, Hamas allegedly siphoned off 'tens of millions of dollars' from World Vision, a U.S.-based charity, and used the funds for weapons purchases, tunnel construction, and other military activities. 
The Knesset passed a law in July requiring disclosure of foreign funding sources for NGOs that get more than half of their money from overseas. The law is 'clearly aligned with the American Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA),' wrote legal scholar Eugene Kontorovich, who defended the legislation in response to critics. 
'Israel is unique in the sheer scale of the foreign government sponsorship of domestic political groups,' he wrote. 'For example, the European Union alone has in recent years given roughly 1.2 million Euro a year for political NGOs in the US and roughly an order of magnitude more in Israel'îa vastly larger per capita amount.' 
The Obama administration opposes foreign influence only when that influence promotes a dissenting view. Obama opposed Netanyahu's speech to the U.S. Congress against the Iranian nuclear deal, but was happy to give a speech to the UK parliament against Brexit. The Obama administration critiqued Israel's NGO-funding-disclosure law , perhaps because it had sent U.S. taxpayer money to an Israeli NGO working to oust Israel's prime minister. 
The same hypocrisy seems to prevail among Israel's foreign-funded NGOs. They ostensibly exist to promote democracy and peaceful co-existence, but are conspicuously silent when Palestinian institutions violate those ideals. Such silence enables abuse by Palestinians and promotes a distorted and incomplete picture of the complex reality in which Israelis operate. Foreign-funded Israeli NGOs remained silent after the Palestinian Authority arrested Palestinians who visited a Sukkah in a symbolic peace event promoting coexistence. 
'These organizations are silent when the Palestinian leadership pays salaries to the families of terrorists, glorifies murderers and calls streets and city centers after them,' Netanyahu said. 'These organizations prove again and again that they are not actually interested in human rights, but only in shaming Israel and libeling it around the world.' 
If Israel's left-wing NGOs truly are committed to democracy and peace, why haven't they condemned the PA's efforts to prevent 'normalization' with Israel? In 2014, Jibril Rajoub, the deputy secretary of the Fatah Central Committee and the head of the Palestinian Supreme Council for Sport and Youth Affairs, condemned a coexistence-promoting soccer match between Israeli and Palestinian youths on a southern kibbutz, as 'a crime against humanity.' 
Last week, a Palestinian newspaper came under intense criticism for publishing an interview with Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Liberman. The Jerusalem-based newspaper Al-Quds was denounced by Hamas , the Palestinian Journalists' Syndicate, and the supposedly 'moderate' PA. The 'chilling effects' and anti-peace message implicit in the harsh reactions to the interview have yet to catch the attention of any left-wing NGOs supposedly working for peace and democracy.
ARTICLE

Why Can't Hillary Clinton Stop Telling Stupid Lies? November 2,   
The biggest mystery about Hillary Clinton isn't any of her scandals. Those are obvious. It's her lies. Not the usual kind of lies. The lies about corruption and greed. The pretense that she agrees with whomever she's talking to at any given time. It's the stupid lies. The ridiculous lies. The lies only a crazy person would tell. 

This is a stupid lie that took all of 6 seconds to be exposed. Hillary's own book mentions that she wasn't in New York City. She was enough of a public figure that the lie would never hold up. 
So why tell it? 
This isn't the first time Hillary Clinton got caught senselessly telling stupid lies. There was the famous airport under fire incident. There was her name and Chelsea jogging on 9/11 and negotiating peace in Northern Ireland. Politicians often lie, but Hillary Clinton is unique in telling senseless lies that seem to have no rational purpose except to get caught.
ARTICLE

Black Voters Not Turning Out for Hillary November 2,   
Black voters helped Hillary beat Bernie, but they're not turning out for her in early voting . Neither are millennials. 
After Sunday night's polls closed, black vot ers accounted for 16 percent of the in-person early vote ballots cast. And that included five previous days of in-person early voting. 
But in 2012, in just two days of in-person early voting, blacks cast 25 percent of those early ballots, according to Dan Smith, a University of Florida political science professor who published some of the early voting data on his must-read Election Smith blog. 
Due to such strong African-American turnout after the beginning of in-person early voting in 2012, Democrats began outpacing Republicans in total ballots cast before Election Day, by about 10,000. This year, though, Republicans still cling to their own lead of about 9,000. As of Monday morning about 3.7 million absentee and in-person early ballots had been cast, 40.5 percent of them by Republicans and 40.2 percent by Democrats. 
Hillary is getting Latino support, largely due to the immigration debate, but she just doesn't have the hot sauce draw that her husband and Obama did. That leaves her more dependent on white voters and forces her to zigzag between moderate and extreme positions. Which only adds to her reputation for untrustworthiness.
ARTICLE

FBI Investigates Saudi Wife-Abusing Clinton Foundation Donor in Straw Donor Scheme November 2, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
It's midnight in America. And the Clintons and the Democratic Party keep finding ways to cover themselves in glory. I'm sure the line on this will be that the FBI is acting "inappropriately" by investigating this. Investigating political corrupt ion interferes with corrupt politicians being elected. 
The FBI is investigating an alleged illegal donation scheme involving a wealthy Saudi family that supports Democratic Florida Senate candidate Patrick Murphy. 
Murphy, who has covered himself in glory so often already, is denying everything. And I mean absolutely everything. 
The Murphy campaign declined to say whether the candidate is aware of the FBI probe 
What's your name? I decline to answer that question. 
Murphy, 33, is running against Rubio, the incumbent Republican, in a race that could help decide which party controls the Senate in 2017. Rubio currently leads Murphy by an average of 5.6 percentage points, according to RealClearPolitics. 
The FBI investigation, however, relates to Murphy's first run for the House in the 2012 campaign cycle. 
The allegation 'î originally submitted by a Republican super PAC run by a former top aide to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) 'î is that Murphy's high school friend and major political donor, Ibrahim Al-Rashid, coordinated a 'straw donor' scheme to boost Murphy. 
Murphy knows nothing! 
Murphy's campaign declined to say whether Murphy's attorneys had discussed the FBI investigation with Al-Rashid's attorney. 
Uh-huh 
Al-Rashid is the son of a powerful and politically connected Saudi billionaire. He's been a major financial benefactor of Murphy's, giving almost $400,000 to his campaigns and to outside groups supporting the Florida congressman. 
Here's how some of these donations worked. 
One example within the alleged scheme: A woman who describes herself in federal donation reports as the 'owner' and 'property manager' of a Texas-based company, Limestone Property Management, gave Murphy's campaign $300. 
But she is neither the property manager nor the owner of the Texas-based company. In fact, she doesn't work there. 
She lived in Miami at the time and was Ibrahim Al-Rashid's 'cleaning lady,' according to a Miami-Dade Police Department report filed in 2012 over a home burglary at Al-Rashid's property. 
Texas property manager vs Saudi's cleaning lady. That's quite a difference. 
Murphy has been forced to return Al-Rashid's donations before for purely Islamophobic reasons. 
Al-Rashid's three sons have followed in their father's political footsteps, contributing large sums to top Democrats, including Rep. Patrick Murphy (D., Fla.), whose Senate race could help decide which party controls the Senate in 2017. 
Murphy has already returned a portion of al-Rashid's donations due to his involvement in a domestic assault incident. 
Ibrahim al-Rashid allegedly forced his way into his estranged wife's Pennsylvania home, where al-Rashid allegedly 'grabbed her by the wrist, struck her about the head and face with a closed fist then threw her to the ground,' according to a copy of the police report viewed by the Free Beacon. 
Following the 2014 incident, al-Rashid allegedly sent his wife a text message stating, 'I am not sorry this time I hope you die in hell,' according to the police report. 
Murphy, a longtime friend of al-Rashid, was recently forced to donate around $16,000 in campaign funds to domestic violence groups after the assault charge became a public liability for the campaign. Murphy also returned all of the donations made by al-Rashid during the last three political cycles. 
Is the Clinton Foundation involved in this? Do the Clintons do their business in golden and marble toilets? 
Nasser al-Rashid, one of Saudi Arabia's wealthiest figures and an adviser to the country's royal family, has donated somewhere between $1 million to $5 million to the Clinton Foundation, putting him in an elite category of prominent donors. 
The Clintons. If there's dirt anywhere, you'll find it on them.
ARTICLE

Obama Attacks FBI Chief for Investigating Hillary November 2, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Richard Nixon called. He wants his old job back. There hasn't been a president and a party who were this blatantly corrupt ever. There's no question that Obama has made history. It's just the wrong kind of history. 
Initially the White House chose not to join Hillary's war on the FBI. Then Obama threw all caution to the winds and decided to echo the spin chamber's lines about "innuendo" and "incomplete information". Never mind that it was Obama's own DOJ which was blocking FBI efforts to secure the emails and resolve the issue. 
It's a sad day in America when the White House actively seeks to obstruct and intimidate an FBI investigation and when the media cheers on this brand of corrupt thuggery.
ARTICLE

College Forces Mandatory Microaggression Sessions on Faculty After Prof Accuses Student of Plagiarism November 2, 2016 
College is now a politically correct joke . 
Suffolk University's interim president said Tuesday that the college will hold mandatory microaggression training for all faculty in response to an outcry last week after a Latina student wrote a viral blog post saying she was the victim of a professor's racial bias. 
What did this racial bias involve? 
Tiffany Martinez.said an unidentified Suffolk sociology professor handed back a paper she had written and in front of the class and told Martinez, 'This is not your language,' insinuating that Martinez had plagiarized. 
Martinez posted a photo of the paper on her blog, showing where the professor appears to have written 'please go back and indicate where you cut and paste.' The professor had circled the word 'hence' in the paper and wrote, 'this is not your word.' 
'In this interaction, my undergraduate career was both challenged and critiqued,' the student wrote. 'It is worth repeating how my professor assumed I could not use the word 'hence,' a simple transitory word that connected two relating statements. The professor assumed I could not produce quality research.' 
Most college students, regardless of whether their ancestors originated from southern Europe or not, do not tend to use hence in a sentence. Hence, it's the sort of word that professors seize on and suspect that what they are seeing is cut and paste material. Tiffany's interaction has happened thousands of times with students regardless of race. 
But Tiffany is lucky enough to be a privileged minority. Which means that she can't be treated like everyone else lest she whine about it and a flood of social justice crybullies descend on Suffolk U. 
Kelly, the interim president, also sent a note to the school on Friday after the Buzzfeed article was posted. 
'The truth is that all of us here at Suffolk should be concerned about any student feeling this way,' Kelly wrote in her Tuesday blog post. She said the school has experienced an outpouring of support for Martinez from other students, faculty and staff. 
Privilege. This is what it looks like. 
Scholars and Rogues fights a last stand against the decline and fall of journalism by stating the obvious . 
In short, what we have here isn't merely iffy reporting on an academic dustup. It's a microcosm of what has happened to journalism in modern America. These headlines are certain to entice Web surfers to click, and if the 'reporters' can so easily be suckered into outrage then how can we possibly expect a rational reading by the average product of the American ed system, which has been stripped of all pretense at teaching critical thinking. 
The result: an emotionally pitched, unsubstantiated claim of injustice has been instantly transformed into cold, hard fact. 
Well yes. 
Meanwhile here's a sample of Tiffany's writing. You can decide whether she organically used hence in a sentence. 
A Declaration of Self Love 
I'm familiar negotiating who I am to please others. Some may call me inauthentic, I call this self-protection. However, I have burned through my shields. Too tired to be exhausted, this continuous disguise has faded. It's time I accept myself and no longer sacrifice self-love for overall acceptance. 
The crybullies of the self-esteem generation can never get enough of loving itself and hating everyone who interferes with its boundless appetite for self-love.
ARTICLE

Majority of Americans Side With FBI Over Hillary November 3, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
In a fit of thundering insanity, Hillary Clinton, her media pals and Barack Obama decided to go to war with the FBI. Their pretext was that Hillary Clinton is supposed to have immunity from the FBI before the election. And Comey was being irresponsible and violating protocol, the Hatch Act and the Thou Shalt Not Impede the Electoral Prospects of Democrats mandate. 
Most Americans have the good sense to think that this is a bunch of rubbish . 
Hillary Clinton and President Obama are outraged about the F.B.I.director James Comey's decision to disclose further inquiries into her handling of confidential email, but are the American people? 
Shockingly the American people are not all that outraged about the FBI investigating a corrupt criminal... not nearly as much as the corrupt criminal and her political allies are. 
In an online Morning Consult poll of approximately 3,200 registered voters, only 19 percent agreed with the statement that prosecutors should wait until after Election Day to make announcements about investigations concerning political figures or elected officials. Instead,60 percent agreed that prosecutors should be able to make announcements about investigations concerning political figures or elected officials close to Election Day even if it might affect the election. (Another 21 percent said they don't know or had no opinion.) 
In news that's shocking to the Times, the American people are once again out of step with their left-wing masters. 
When the investigation into Mrs. Clinton was mentioned before the question, partisans differed by almost 50 percentage points in their attitude toward pre-election disclosures, which were endorsed by 83 percent of Republicans but just 34 percent of Democrats 'î an even larger gap than observed with the generic prompt. By contrast, mentioning Mr. Trump's foundation eliminated the gap between the parties in support for publicizing investigations, which was backed by 57 percent of Democrats and 58 percent of Republicans. 
One might conclude that Republicans are the more ethical and honest party.
ARTICLE

 
Parents who plan on refinancing their homes in order to send their children off to college should instead consider encouraging them to specialize in a trade. 
Speaking as a Ph.D. in philosophy who has spent the last 17 years teaching at the college level, I'm perhaps the last person from whom advice of this sort is expected. But it is precisely because of my familiarity with academia that I beseech the college bound and their enablers'îI mean their supporters'îto revisit their plans. 
Whether one regards a post-secondary institution as a means to either a remunerative profession or a genuine education, the tragic fact of the matter is that the contemporary academic world is about as politicized a cultural institution as any. More specifically, it is a bastion of Political Correctness, a decidedly leftist ideology that tolerates no competition. 
For the last 11 years, Professor Duke Pesta, who is currently an associate professor of English at the University of Wisconsin Oshkosh, has taught literature at a range of colleges. At the outset of each semester, he would quiz his students on their knowledge of American and Western history. What he found is that the 'overwhelming' number of them believed that slavery'îan institution, mind you, that is as old as humanity itself, was practiced in virtually every society the planet over, and that lasted only some 87 years in the United States'î was an exclusively American phenomenon . 
'Most of my students could not tell me anything meaningful about slavery outside of America,' Pesta told The College Fix. His students 'are convinced that slavery was an American problem that more or less ended with the Civil War and they are very fuzzy about slavery prior to the Colonial era.' 
'Their entire education about slavery,' he adds, 'was confined to America.' 
Yet it isn't just students who display an astonishing ignorance of slavery. Over at Boston University, Saida Grundy , an Assistant Professor of sociology and African-American Studies, tweeted that slavery is 'a white people'¶thing.' 
Grundy didn't stop there. She asks: 'is white people's new deflection from dealing with slavery that 'all races have had slaves' thing? is this the new '#AllLivesMatter'?' 
Professor Grundy added other enlightening tweets: 
'for the record, NO race outside of Europeans had a system that made slavery a *personhood* instead of temporary condition; 
'there is also no race except Europeans who kidnapped and transported human beings in order to enslave them and their offspring for life; 
'before Europeans invented it as such, slavery was not a condition that was de facto inherited from parent to child.' 
In case white folks couldn't follow the thrust of her rant, Grundy offers a summation of her sophisticated position: 
'in other words, deal with your white sh*t, white people. slavery is a *YALL* thing.' 
In addition to assigning blame for slavery solely to white Europeans, Grundy claimed that 'white masculinity' is 'THE problem for america's colleges.' 
Over at the University of Pittsburgh, students who were distributing pro-Donald Trump materials were harassed and attacked . The Trump supporters were accused of backing a 'racist' candidate who espouses 'hate speech.' They were greeted by chants of 'f**k the white male patriarchy' and, eventually, physical aggression. 
One of the victims said that 'my campus shouldn't be a place where my friends and I are fearful for having opposing opinions.' 
These students were accosted by other students. Students elsewhere, however, have had professors with which to contend. 
At the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA), a political science professor, Michael Chwe, wrote in a blog post for Princeton University Press that 'the danger to democracy itself' is posed by 'Trump supporters[.]' This 'danger' is 'real and must be confronted.' Chwe maintains that Trump and his supporters are 'the greatest danger to democracy since World War II, even perhaps since the Civil War[.]' 
Chwe thinks that had 'we' done 'a better and earlier job with confronting, as opposed to accommodating, white and male privilege'¶we might not have reached this situation [the Trump phenomenon].' 'We' must set our sights on 'combatting' these forms of 'privilege' now, though, if we hope to divert 'democracy away from self-destruction.' 
And it isn't just faculty in the humanities and liberal arts that can't resist injecting their politics into the classroom. A math professor at Mount Holyoke College, an all-female school, was recently captured on video launching into an anti-Trump/pro-Clinton tirade in class. While he never referred to either candidate by name, Peter Rosnick's choice for president was plain. This election, Rosnick said, is the 'scariest' that he's ever witnessed. He told his students that they should 'vote for someone who thinks women are full and capable and responsible and intelligent beings who should not be the object of, um, should not be objectified.' 
Rosnick also prescribed his students to vote 'for whoever you want, but vote for somebody who respects the fact that this is a country built on immigrants'îthat this is a country that couldn't, that wouldn't be what it is if it wasn't for bringing immigrants into our nation and respecting them and respecting what they bring to our country.' 
At least one of Rosnick's students was less than enthused over his proselytizing efforts. Speaking on condition of anonymity, this student told The College Fix that she found 'it highly inappropriate for a math teacher to use my class time to try to tell me who to vote for.' 
Indeed. 
But this, unfortunately, is hardly an anomaly in 2016. Thus, parents should think hard before divesting themselves of tens and tens of thousands of dollars so that their children can become targets of political indoctrination.  
ARTICLE

 
Nothing ought to be plainer, and yet nothing is more obscured, than the meaning of the Islamic concept of jihad. Even if its meaning were at all unclear, every day Islamic jihadists do their best to remind us of what it is. The confusion arises, of course, from the fact that jihad and related concepts are the object of a massive misinformation and disinformation campaign, making books such as William Kilpatrick's The Politically Incorrect Guide to Jihad so vitally necessary. 
Kilpatrick covers that propaganda campaign ably in this lucid and genial book, which not only explains from Islamic texts and teachings why ISIS and Boko Haram (and other jihad terror groups) are not only not un-Islamic, as is frequently claimed, but quintessentially Islamic 'ì for the Qur'an, as Kilpatrick explains, commands jihad, and Muhammad, who is considered in Islamic theology to the perfect man, to be imitated by Muslims whenever, wherever, and however possible, not only commanded jihad warfare but waged it himself. 
Kilpatrick also helpfully takes up common objections to this line of argumentation 'ì notably the question of why, if Islam really teaches warfare against unbelievers and their subjugation under the hegemony of Islamic law, most Muslims are peaceful. 'Peaceful Islam,' Kilpatrick points out, 'which Western leaders are counting on to win out over the more violent versions touted by the terrorists, is a holdover from the long-dead colonial era.' Indeed so: the formulation of jihad as primarily an interior spiritual struggle was touted by Islamic scholars at the height of the colonial period, so as to allow for accommodation of the colonial occupiers, who weren't going away in the foreseeable future. Once they did abscond, however, the conditions that called forth such accommodative teachings no longer existed, and Saudi-funded jihad preachers traversed the globe calling Muslims back to jihad, 'the forgotten obligation' of warfare against unbelievers. 
The Politically Incorrect Guide to Jihad shows that this transition had nothing to do with poverty among Muslims or discrimination against them, and indeed, that no conciliation or concession on the part of Western non-Muslims will ever blunt the force of the jihad imperative, since it is rooted in Islamic theological principles that are not susceptible to the prevailing political winds. 
The most valuable sections, however, of this useful and engaging book are the second, 'Jihad Without Bombs,' and the third, 'Defeating Jihad.' For even as violent jihad becomes an increasingly common feature of the Western landscape, more insidious and damaging in the long run may be the stealth jihad that proceeds due to the appeasement policies that Western governments indefatigably pursue, and the politically correct straitjacket on the public discourse that has for well over a decade now hindered, and usually prevented outright, honest discussion in the mainstream media of the nature and magnitude of this threat. Kilpatrick points out that 'according to Reporters Without Borders, the U.S. has dropped to forty-sixth place in press freedom.' One of the principal ways in which the press today reveals itself to be a mouthpiece of moneyed elites is in its deliberate attempts to obfuscate the ideological roots of the jihad threat, and its ongoing campaign, every time there is a jihad attack, to inundate us with articles explaining that Islam is really quite wonderful and has nothing to do with this violence, nothing at all. 
But Kilpatrick details how the media and governing elites are not in the least singular in appearing determined to foster complacency and ignorance among the people they should be enlightening and protecting. The churches are in on the act as well: 'Christians,' writes Kilpatrick, 'have been lulled into complacency by the oft-repeated emphasis on the similarities between their faith and the faith of Muslims' 'ì an emphasis all too many Church leaders, including, of course, Pope Francis, relentlessly hammer home, heedless of the danger in which they are putting their flock by leaving them intellectually, spiritually, and physically defenseless in the face of an advancing and growing threat. 
That's why the most apposite sentence in this entire book is the second sentence of the chapter headed 'Strategies for Victory': 'First we've got to get serious.' The West suffers from a collective lack of seriousness that could, in the end, be fatal. The frivolity is at the top, fueled by globalist internationalists who are using the complacency the media, the government and the Church are fostering for their own ends. The Politically Incorrect Guide to Jihad is the perfect book for those who don't know just how bad things are, and how likely they are to get even worse 'ì as well as for all who wish to chart a way out of this madness. It can be done. William Kilpatrick does it, quite well, in this book.  
ARTICLE

 
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. 
Once upon a time, fact-checking meant that newspapers, radio stations and television news broadcasts were obligated to check their facts before broadcasting or publishing them. Some newspapers and magazines boasted renowned departments filled with intellectuals whose restless minds roved over each line to ensure that the fewest possible errors would appear under that publication's masthead. 
But fact-checking of the media by itself has declined almost as badly as the Roman Empire. Errors routinely appear under storied mastheads followed by corrections that are published as a janitorial duty. There is very little concern for the facts even among the great names of publishing and broadcasting. 
The media has stopped fact-checking itself and it now uses fact-checking largely to refer to a type of opinion journalism in which it 'checks the facts' of public figures. The fall of fact-checking within the media has paralleled the rise of fact checking by the media of its political opponents. The media has become factless even as it deploys a term that once meant self-correction to instead correct others. 
Fact checks once meant that reporters were expected to be accurate. These days they're only expected to be politically correct. The media deploys fact checks to check political correctness, not facts. Its fact checks routinely venture into areas that are not only partisan, but subjective matters of opinion. 
Consider Politico's often mocked 'fact check' of Donald Trump as to whether ISIS was indeed unbelievably evil. Under a banner headline, 'Donald Trump's Week of Misrepresentations, Exaggerations and Half-Truths', it zoomed in on a quote from his Florida rally. 
'We're presiding over something that the world has not seen. The level of evil is unbelievable,' Trump had said. 
Politico swooped in to correct the candidate with its fact check. 'Judging one 'level of evil' against another is subjective, but other groups in recent history have without any question engaged in as widespread killing of civilians as ISIS.' 
There were no facts being checked here because Politico doesn't seem to know what a fact even is. 
The only information conveyed by this 'fact check' is that Politico, like the rest of the media, does not like Donald Trump and would find a way to argue with him if he said that the sky was blue. 
In the Daily Show media culture where overt bias and trolling are virtues, fact-checking is just another snotty variety of editorializing that attempts to compensate for perceptions of bias not with higher ethical and factual standards, but by rebranding its editorials as fact checks to gain credibility. 
The ISIS evil 'fact check' of Trump came from the same media outlet whose White House reporter decided that the Wisconsin flag, which carries the date 1848 to mark the state's admission to the Union, was 'a flag for the local union, Wisconsin 1848'. Politico ran an entire story asserting that Obama was flying a labor flag to oppose Governor Walker because its reporter couldn't process basic history. 
This is what happens when media outlets think that fact-checking is something that they do to Republicans rather than to themselves. 
Fact-checking was one of those dinosaurs of journalism, like objectivity, which is viewed as largely irrelevant in a media culture whose Edward R. Murrow is Jon Stewart. Today's millennial journalists spend most of their time exchanging sarcastic quips with their peers on Twitter, aspire to found their own Vox sites and write viral blog posts that seek a new angle on a trending left-wing narrative. 
Fact checks often function as narrative defenses and meme attacks. That's why the Washington Post decided to 'fact check' a Saturday Night Live gag about Obama's illegal alien amnesty. It's not that anyone imagines that Saturday Night Live is in the business of producing facts that need checking. The Post was just worried that one of its jokes would go viral and hurt Obama and his agenda. 
It's the same reason that the paper 'fact checked' a 13-year-old boy who claimed he was blocked by Obama on Twitter. This isn't about the facts. It's paranoia about social media narratives going viral. 
This is more understandable if you stop thinking of the media in the old-fashioned sense as a series of papers, radio and television stations and start thinking of it as a massive machine that advocates for left-wing policies using its massive infrastructure and wealth to monopolize internet narratives. 
Media outlets trade on their history, but they don't resemble their past selves in any meaningful way. 
The New Yorker once boasted a fact-checking department that was famous for its range, its depth and its resourcefulness in running down even the most obscure facts. But what use is such a thing at David Remnick's New Yorker whose big draw comes from Andy Borowitz's insipid near parodies? The New Republic went from respected liberal publication to another snarky and shrill social justice blog. CBS News cited a psychic site to explain that a fly landed on Hillary's face to help her cope with stress. 
This isn't material that exists in the same realm as facts. It's snarky contempt alternating with lowest common denominator propaganda. Left-wing journalism, like most left-wing culture, is totalitarian anti-intellectualism masquerading as enlightened intellectualism. The Soviet Union was quite fond of culture. It just hated the creative process that produced it because it was independent of Communist ideology. The left loves journalism; it just hates the objectivity that validates journalism as more than propaganda. 
It's this perverse anti-intellectualism that turned fact-checking from self-discipline to attack ad. Once journalism became pure left-wing advocacy, it also became inherently correct by virtue of being left-wing and was not in need of having its facts checked. When fact checks stopped being something that journalists did to themselves, first facts and then fact checks became meaningless. Unable to even recognize a fact, media fact checkers just wrote editorials which spiced their left-wing attacks on Republicans liberally with cargo cult invocations to 'fact' as if it were some deity. 
The average media fact check is a masterpiece of unintentional comedy for thinking adults. 
At the Washington Post , Michelle Yee 'fact checks' Donald Trump's comment that Hillary's email scandal is bigger than Watergate and concludes that since Watergate led to Nixon's resignation and Hillary's email scandal has yet to lead to any convictions, it can't be bigger than Watergate. Since the scandal has yet to be resolved, a fact check of it could only take place in the future. 
CNN featured Toronto Star 'fact checker' Daniel Dale who claimed that Trump said 35 lies in one day. 
The list of 'lies' included deeming Trump's statement that Hillary would raise taxes false because her plan only taxes the rich, asserting that there is no such thing as a 'phony poll' and denying that Hillary Clinton had received debate questions. Some of these 'lies' are themselves lies. Others, like Yee, show an inability to even understand what a fact is and what can and can't be deemed false. 
Just how degraded fact checking had become was made manifest when Hillary Clinton pleaded at the debate, 'Please, fact checkers, get to work.' Her campaign site touted its own 'fact checking' which was mostly indistinguishable from the media's fact checking. That was a commentary on the transformation of the media into a left-wing politician's spin center. 
Nearly every media outlet now boasts a fact check blog or headlines touting fact checks. But the biggest fact checking department of the media, rather than by the media, isn't in the United States, but in Germany. In America, fact checking has become a type of partisan attack launched by media outlets at their political opponents. It's bigger than ever and also more worthless than ever because it is factless. 
And those who do it often not only don't know the facts, but don't even know what a fact is.  
ARTICLE

 
The Obama Department of Justice has been corruptly aiding and abetting the Democratic Party's presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, to escape legal accountability for her actions. From Attorney General Loretta Lynch on down through the Justice Department's political ranks, the Department has blocked the FBI from searching for the truth and following the evidence of potential criminality to its logical conclusion. Whether it is Hillary's use of a private e-mail server while serving as Secretary of State or her involvement in the pay-for-play Clinton enterprise known as the Clinton Foundation, the Obama administration is applying a banana republic-style double standard to pervert justice and the rule of law in order to shield her. 
Lynch and President Obama were reportedly furious with FBI Director James Comey for sending a letter to Congress on October 28 th indicating that new evidence potentially pertinent to the e-mail case had come to light, which required further investigation. This evidence consisted of a batch of e-mails FBI investigators had found on one or more computers belonging to Anthony Weiner, Clinton confidante Huma Abedin's estranged husband, while they were searching for evidence in an unrelated case involving Weiner's alleged sexting to an underage girl. Comey sent his letter after months of agonizing over his previous decision to let Hillary off the hook in the e-mail case last July. He was said by a source close to him to have been particularly disturbed by the mounting number of resignation letters from FBI agents who felt betrayed by that decision. 
Department of Justice officials had leaned on Comey not to send the letter to Congress, claiming that it would violate Department protocols and procedures against taking any action that could be perceived as interfering with the upcoming presidential election. To his credit, Comey ignored the Department officials' objections, claiming he had an obligation to keep the Congress and the public informed of any potentially significant new developments in the case. 
Democrats, who had lavished praise on Comey for his July decision, lashed out at Comey for sending his letter updating Congress. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid went so far as to make the baseless charge that Comey may have violated the law by informing Congress, because, Reid argued, he appeared to be taking sides in an election. The disgraced former Attorney General Eric Holder, held in contempt of Congress for withholding information relating to the Fast and Furious scandal, said about Comey's action, 'I fear he has unintentionally and negatively affected public trust in both the Justice Department and the FBI. It is up to the director to correct his mistake 'î not for the sake of a political candidate or campaign but in order to protect our system of justice and best serve the American people.' 
Since when has Holder been genuinely concerned about protecting our system of justice and best serving the American people? Holder had already contributed to the erosion of public trust, with his blatant politicization of the Obama Department of Justice. As evidenced by the Obama Department of Justice's handling of the multiple FBI investigations involving Hillary Clinton, the Department has continued its slide into the muck of corruption. It interfered with both the normal course of criminal investigations and the election by stacking the deck in Hillary's favor, ensuring that no indictment would occur to derail her path to succeed Obama and preserve his legacy. 
First, the Department of Justice reportedly refused to empanel a grand jury in either the e-mail case or in connection with the FBI's investigation of the Clinton Foundation pay-for-play allegations. 'The problem here is this investigation was never a real investigation,' former assistant FBI director James Kallstrom said . 'That's the problem. They never had a grand jury empanelled, and the reason they never had a grand jury empanelled, I'm sure, is Loretta Lynch would not go along with that.' 
Kallstrom's belief that Lynch acted to influence the results of the FBI probes in Hillary's favor is buttressed by Lynch's 30 minute private tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton shortly before FBI Director Comey faced the cameras on July 5 th with his exculpatory announcement. 
Second, at least five immunity agreements were handed out in the e-mail case, including to Hillary's lawyer and confidante Cheryl Mills and to Platte River Networks' Paul Combetta. It appears that Combetta had previously lied to government investigators 'ì a crime in itself 'ì while trying to cover up the fact that he had evidently Bleachbited e-mails to delete them, even though they had been subject to a previously issued Congressional subpoena. The immunity agreements garnered nothing in return, but had the effect of blocking access to the computer devices of the immunity beneficiaries in the FBI's separate Clinton Foundation investigation. Apparently, the Department decided against the alternative option of subpoenaing the computer devices or seeking a search warrant, rather than granting useless immunities, in order to obtain any evidence relevant to the e-mail investigation that might have been contained in those devices. 
Third, the Department and FBI did not conduct their last minute interview of Hillary Clinton under oath and allowed Cheryl Mills 'ì herself a material witness 'ì to sit in during Hillary's interview. They did not ask pertinent follow-up questions. There was no verbatim transcript of the interview to use in checking the veracity of Hillary's statements during the interview against her sworn Congressional testimony or her many public statements. 
Fourth, the Department of Justice reportedly refused to allow the FBI to issue subpoenas to gather more evidence in connection with its investigation of the Clinton Foundation pay-for-play allegations. In fact, senior Department officials reportedly would not authorize a more thorough FBI investigation because they claimed there was not sufficient evidence gathered thus far to justify going further. Such a circular argument was a mere cover to prevent seasoned career investigators from learning the full extent of foreign government donations while Hillary was Secretary of State, their true motivations and any favors extended by the State Department in return. 
Finally, the cross-connections between the Clintons and some high level Department of Justice and FBI officials cry out for recusal. But not so in this administration. For example, the wife of the deputy FBI director who was involved in the laggard Clinton Foundation investigation, Andrew McCabe, just happened to have received a large donation from close Clinton ally Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe to her 2015 run for the State Senate. 
To make matters worse, the Obama Department of Justice assigned Assistant Attorney General Peter J. Kadzik, a close friend of Hillary Clinton's campaign manager John Podesta, to communicate with Congress about what Kadzik promised would be a 'thorough' review of the newly discovered e-mails from Anthony Weiner's online account. 
Podesta praised Kadzik in an e-mail to an Obama campaign official back in 2008 as a 'Fantastic lawyer,' and said about his pal, 'Kept me out of jail.' Their history together goes further back than that. During the waning days of Bill Clinton's presidency, it was Kadzik, then representing the infamous billionaire fugitive Marc Rich, who lobbied Podesta, then serving as Bill Clinton's chief of staff, for a presidential pardon on his client's behalf. Kadzik's lobbying effort, no doubt helped along by contributions to Hillary Clinton's Senate campaign and to Bill Clinton's presidential library, paid off. Bill Clinton delivered the requested pardon on his last day in office. 
Kadzik joined the Department of Justice in April 2013, first as a Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs, and then as the Principal Deputy. With the Podesta connection intact, Kadzik has served as a highly placed Clinton campaign mole in the Department. An e-mail dated May 19, 2015 from Kadzik to Podesta, released by WikiLeaks , proves the point. Bearing the subject heading 'Heads Up,' Kadzik advised Podesta about upcoming Congressional testimony by the head of the Department's Civil Division, and about another filing in the Freedom of Information case that would mean 'it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails.' Podesta forwarded Kadzik's heads up e-mail to several senior Hillary Clinton campaign officials with the admonition: 'Additional chances for mischief.' 
Exploiting his coordinating role in the re-opened e-mail investigation and contacts with FBI investigators, Kadzik will now be in a position to relay inside information to his pal Podesta and to provide inside information to the Clinton campaign's supporters in Congress as well. 
The Clintons manage to turn virtually everything they touch into a cesspool of corruption. The Obama Department of Justice is no exception.  
ARTICLE

FBI Believes 5 Foreign Intel Agencies Got Into Hillary's Server November 3, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Just one of those "honest mistakes" leading to a massive violation of national security by anyone who felt like it. These are still reports from various insider sources, but if true, this would be a major factor in how much damage Hillary's cover up did . 
Authorities now believe there is about a 99 percent chance that up to five foreign intelligence agencies may have accessed and taken emails from Hillary Clinton's private server, two separate sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations told Fox News. 
The revelation led House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul to describe Clinton's handling of her email system during her tenure as secretary of state as 'treason.' 
'She exposed [information] to our enemies,' McCaul said on 'Fox & Friends' Thursday morning. 'Our adversaries have this very sensitive information. '¶ In my opinion, quite frankly, it's treason.' 
McCaul, R-Texas, said that FBI Director James Comey told him previously that foreign adversaries likely had gotten into her server. When Comey publicly discussed the Clinton email case back in July, he also said that while there was no evidence hostile actors breached the server, it was 'possible' they had gained access. 
If true, this is much more than possible, and it would explain the level of outrage within the FBI at the pass that Hillary Clinton has received.
ARTICLE

Brexit Ruling Just Latest Tactic to Block Will of the People November 3, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
After the referendum made Brexit possible, I warned that the establishment would do everything possible to stop it. That should not come as a surprise to anyone. Brexit was very much a popular rebellion whose centers were well outside the centers of power. The establishment is culturally and politically hostile to it. And one of the most basic ways that the system has of sabotaging policies it doesn't like is to swamp them in procedural red tape and as much politicking as possible so as to make them unviable. Doing that to a Brexit is trickier, but it's still happening. The same old game plan is to just bog it down as much as possible until its motive energy runs down. It's worked in the past. It may not work this time. But that won't stop them from trying. 
Rerun Brexit through Parliament and maximize the wrangling. The Court's ruling is certain to do that. Keep it going through the grinder long enough and maybe it'll go away.
ARTICLE

FBI Wiretapped Corruption Suspect Discussing Clinton Deals November 3, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
If you're wondering why Team Hillary panicked and unleashed hell on the FBI, this may be another ingredient in the stew. The Wall Street Journal article is clearly trying to spin things to the left and damage the credibility of the FBI, but it's an interesting data point . 
The FBI had secretly recorded conversations of a suspect in a public-corruption case talking about alleged deals the Clintons made, these people said. The agents listening to the recordings couldn't tell from the conversations if what the suspect was describing was accurate, but it was, they thought, worth checking out. 
Prosecutors thought the talk was hearsay and a weak basis to warrant aggressive tactics, like presenting evidence to a grand jury, because the person who was secretly recorded wasn't inside the Clinton Foundation. 
FBI investigators grew increasingly frustrated with resistance from the corruption prosecutors, and some executives at the bureau itself, to keep pursuing the case. 
As prosecutors rebuffed their requests to proceed more overtly, those Justice Department officials became more annoyed that the investigators didn't seem to understand or care about the instructions issued by their own bosses and prosecutors to act discreetly. 
In short, FBI people had material for a case that the government didn't want brought because Team Obama were Hillary backers and the senior leadership in the DOJ saw their careers linked to the rise of Hillary. And so a stand down order was handed down. 
Following the February meeting, officials at Justice Department headquarters sent a message to all the offices involved to 'stand down,'' a person familiar with the matter said. 
This is what happens when the DOJ has been so thoroughly corrupted from the top down. 
Meanwhile there's little doubt, considering what we already know, that the DOJ people had been updating Hillary's people on the FBI investigation. Should those emails come out, they will be some of the most damning of all. And so Hillary's people panicked and decided to pull the trigger.
ARTICLE

Obama's DOJ Issued "Stand Down" Order on Clinton Foundation Investigation November 3, 2016 
There have been various insider reports on the Clinton Foundation and the Hillary email scandal on FOX. 
But the curious thing about this Wall Street Journal report is that it's clearly aimed at defending Hillary Clinton and smearing the FBI in the battle with Obama's DOJ officials who wanted to shut it down due to their support of Hillary Clinton. 
Which means that its information that damns its own side gains more credibility. 
Justice Department officials became increasingly frustrated that the agents seemed to be disregarding or disobeying their instructions. 
Following the February meeting, officials at Justice Department headquarters sent a message to all the offices involved to 'stand down,'' a person familiar with the matter said. 
A stand down order. Much like the one in Libya. 
And remember McCabe, whose wife's Democratic political campaign received major cash from a Clinton ally? 
Amid the internal finger-pointing on the Clinton Foundation matter, some have blamed the FBI's No. 2 official, deputy director Andrew McCabe, claiming he sought to stop agents from pursuing the case this summer. His defenders deny that, and say it was the Justice Department that kept pushing back on the investigation. 
Not a surprise either. 
The FBI had secretly recorded conversations of a suspect in a public-corruption case talking about alleged deals the Clintons made, these people said. The agents listening to the recordings couldn't tell from the conversations if what the suspect was describing was accurate, but it was, they thought, worth checking out. 
FBI investigators grew increasingly frustrated with resistance from the corruption prosecutors, and some executives at the bureau itself, to keep pursuing the case. 
As prosecutors rebuffed their requests to proceed more overtly, those Justice Department officials became more annoyed that the investigators didn't seem to understand or care about the instructions issued by their own bosses and prosecutors to act discreetly. 
And that's what blew up when Team Hillary lashed out at the FBI. It was a covert war between Hillary's DOJ allies and the FBI coming out of the cold. And they pushed so hard even McCabe was disgusted. 
As a result of those complaints, these people said, a senior Justice Department official called the FBI deputy director, Mr. McCabe, on Aug. 12 to say the agents in New York seemed to be disregarding or disobeying their instructions, these people said. The conversation was a tense one, they said, and at one point Mr. McCabe asked, 'Are you telling me that I need to shut down a validly predicated investigation?'' The senior Justice Department official replied: 'Of course not.' 
Of course.
ARTICLE

When Stalinist monsters bestow their blessing. November 3, 2016 Humberto Fontova 
'It's Hillary's hour!...The only hope of defeating Donald Trump is Hillary Clinton'¶the difference between the two candidates is vast. Barack Obama did not exaggerate when he claimed that she was better prepared to be a U.S. President than even he was'îor was her husband Bill Clinton.' (Stalinist Cuba's KGB-founded and mentored media organ Cubadebate, Oct. 15, 2016.) 
There was a day when winning a ringing endorsement from communist mass-murdering, terror -sponsors who craved (and came within a whisker) of nuking your nation would NOT be considered an asset for a U.S. Presidential candidate. 
' In any nation of the world'ìand even in the U.S. during normal times'ìDonald Trump would find himself either in prison or in a mental institution!' 
There was a day when being threatened with prison and torture (even figuratively) by an enemy Stalinist regime that jailed and tortured political prisoners (many of them U.S. citizens) at a higher rate than Stalin during the Great Terror would be considered an enormous asset for a U.S. Presidential candidate. 
But the ringing communist endorsement for Hillary Clinton gets even 'better:' 
' Hillary Clinton is our only hope of detaining barbarism!' 
So warns the eunuch scribe for a totalitarian regime that murdered more Cubans in its first three years in power than Hitler murdered Germans during his first six'ì and in the process converted a highly-civilized, immigrant-swamped nation into a slum/sewer with the Hemisphere's highest suicide rate, which is ravaged by tropical diseases, where tens of thousands have died trying to escape, where alley cats constitute a delicacy and where ox-carts represent luxury transportation. 
'On a few occasions Trump has even suggested the assassination of Hillary Clinton!' 
So warn the notorious assassins of suddenly inconvenient colleagues ranging from Camilo Cienfuegos to Tony De la Guardia to Manuel 'Barbarroja' Pineiro. Yes, the Castro regime 'devoured its own children' even more voraciously than even Lenin and Stalin's. 
'The news are dominated by revelations'îsome on video'îshowing Trump's obscenity and male chauvinist conduct'îalong with his treatment of women as sex objects!' 
So warns the Stalinist regime that jailed and tortured 35,150 Cuban women for political crimes, a totalitarian horror utterly unknown in the Western Hemisphere until the Castro brothers and Che Guevara took power. Some of these Cuban ladies suffered twice as long in Castro's Gulag as Alexander Solzhenitsyn suffered in Stalin's. 
Their prison conditions were described by former political prisoner Maritza Lugo. 'The punishment cells measure 3 feet wide by 6 feet long. The toilet consists of an 8 inch hole in the ground through which cockroaches and rats enter, especially in cool temperatures the rat come inside to seek the warmth of our bodies and we were often bitten. The suicide rate among women prisoners was very high.' 
On Christmas Eve of 1961 a Cuban woman named Juana Diaz Figueroa spat in the face of the executioners who were binding and gagging her. Castro and Che Guevara's KGB-trained secret police had found her guilty of feeding and hiding 'bandits' (Cuban rednecks who took up arms to fight the Stalinist theft of their land to build Soviet'ìstyle Kolkhozes.) When the blast from Castroite firing squad demolished her face and torso Juana was six months pregnant. 
'They started by beating us with twisted coils of electric cable,' recalls former Cuba political prisoner Ezperanza Pena from exile today. 'I remember Teresita on the ground with all her lower ribs broken. Gladys had both her arms broken. Doris had her face cut up so badly from the beatings that when she tried to drink, water would pour out of her lacerated cheeks.' 
'On Mother's Day they allowed family visits,' recalls Manuela Calvo from exile today.' But as our mothers and sons and daughters were watching, we were beaten with rubber hoses and high-pressure hoses were turned on us, knocking all of us the ground floor and rolling us around as the guards laughed and our loved-ones screamed helplessly.' 
'When female guards couldn't handle us male guards were called in for more brutal beatings. I saw teen-aged girls beaten savagely, their bones broken, their mouths bleeding ,' recalls Polita Grau. 
Thousands upon thousands of Cuban women have also drowned, died of thirst or have been eaten alive by sharks attempting to flee the regime founded by the folks who recently endorsed Hillary Clinton. This from a nation formerly richer than half the nations of Europe and deluged by immigrants from same. 
Remember how Donald Trump was taken greatly to task by the media for not quickly repudiating David Duke's (so-called) endorsement? 
Well, we certainly look for the media to take Hillary Clinton similarly to task for not instantly repudiating the endorsement of mass-jailing, mass-torturing, mass-murdering Stalinists. 
After all, recalling the 'sticks and stones can break my bones' riddle of our childhood, David Duke's crimes' consist of words ('hate-speech.') Whereas the (literal) sticks, stones--and chains, manacles, bullwhips and bullets--of the fine folks so enthusiastically endorsing Hillary Clinton have caused untold suffering to hundreds of thousands of people.
ARTICLE

Who's really to blame for the corrupting influence of money in Washington, DC? November 3, 2016 Walter Williams 
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates, having a net worth of $81.8 billion, and Amazon.com CEO Jeff Bezos, having a net worth of $70.4 billion, are the nation's two richest men. They are at the top of the Forbes 400 list of America's superrich individuals, people who have net worths of billions of dollars. Many see the rich as a danger. New York Times columnist Bob Herbert wrote, "It doesn't really matter what ordinary people want. The wealthy call the tune, and the politicians dance." His colleague Paul Krugman wrote, "On paper, we're a one-person-one-vote nation; in reality, we're more than a bit of an oligarchy, in which a handful of wealthy people dominate." It's sentiments like these that have led me to wish there were a humane way to get rid of the rich. For without having the rich around to be whipping boys and distract our attention, we might be able to concentrate on what's best for the 99.9 percent of the rest of us. 
Let's look at the power of the rich. With all the money that Gates, Bezos and other superrich people have, what can they force you or me to do? Can they condemn our houses to create space so that another individual can build an auto dealership or a casino parking lot? Can they force us to pay money into the government-run 'î and doomed 'î Obamacare program? Can they force us to bus our children to schools out of our neighborhood in the name of diversity? Can they force us to buy our sugar from a high-cost domestic producer rather than from a low-cost Caribbean producer? The answer to all of these questions is a big fat no. 
You say, "Williams, I don't understand." Let me be more explicit. Bill Gates cannot order you to enroll your child in another school in order to promote racial diversity. He has no power to condemn your house to make way for a casino parking lot. Unless our elected public officials grant them the power to rip us off, rich people have little power to force us to do anything. A lowly municipal clerk earning $50,000 a year has far more life-and-death power over us. It is that type of person to whom we must turn for permission to build a house, ply a trade, open a restaurant and do myriad other activities. It's government people, not rich people, who have the power to coerce us and rip us off. They have the power to make our lives miserable if we disobey. This coercive power goes a long way toward explaining legalized political corruption. 
Take just one of thousands of examples. The Fanjuls are among the biggest sugar cane growers, and they co-own the world's largest refining company, American Sugar Refining, which markets its product under the brand names Domino, C&H, Redpath, Tate & Lyle and Florida Crystals. During the 2014 election cycle, Florida Crystals contributed more than $860,000 to candidates and political spending groups. It spent more than $1 million lobbying Congress, the U.S. departments of Agriculture and Commerce, and the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative. Here's my question to you: Do you think it forked over all that money to help our elected representatives uphold and defend the U.S. Constitution? Nonsense. The Fanjuls and other sugar producers want Congress to use tariffs to keep foreign-produced sugar out of our country so they can reap the financial benefits from being able to charge Americans two to three times the world price of sugar. 
So here's the ultimate question: If some rich people can line the pockets of politicians to do their bidding at the expense of the rest of us, who's to blame? I think it's we, the people, who are to blame for not using our votes to run such politicians out of town 'î and that's most of them. But that might be deceitful of us, for we also ask politicians to enable us to live at the expense of others.
ARTICLE

David Frum: Hillary is a Patriot Who Will Protect the Constitution November 3, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
If David Frum had suggested that Hillary Clinton used to play for the Patriots, I would have found his argument a little more credible than claiming that she is a patriot. 
But she is a patriot. She will uphold the sovereignty and independence of the United States. She will defend allies. She will execute the laws with reasonable impartiality. She may bend some rules for her own and her supporters' advantage. She will not outright defy legality altogether. Above all, she can govern herself; the first indispensable qualification for governing others. 
This is under an Atlantic piece headlined, "The Conservative Case for Hillary" which also contends, "Why support a candidate who rejects your preferences and offends your opinions? Don't do it for her'îdo it for the republic, and the Constitution." 
The trouble with this line of argument is that Hillary's own agenda includes a rejection of the First and Second Amendment. It's a rather unusual way to support the Constitution by destroying it. 
Then there's the whole Hillary is a quarterback for the New England Patriots business. Who has ever accused Hillary Clinton of being a patriot? How was this patriotism manifested? In Benghazi? In Iran? In Russia? I'll skip over the "outright defy legality altogether" argument. Though it's certainly sad that this is now considered some sort of high water mark. 
But can Hillary govern herself? Is the compulsive liar who can't help shouting, "I was in New York on 9/11" really capable of governing herself? 
"I am voting to defend Americans' profoundest shared commitment: a commitment to norms and rules that today protect my rights under a president I don't favor, and that will tomorrow do the same service for you". 
Unless you make a movie about Mohammed.
ARTICLE

Nigerian Novelist Wonders Why Everyone Loves Hillary November 3, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Why does everyone love Hillary Clinton? It's hard to say. Her unfavorable ratings have hit 60%. That makes her more popular than 
1. The Bubonic Plague 
2. ObamaCare 
3. Osama bin Laden's corpse 
It's not much to go on. But the Atlantic decided to run a piece by Chimamanda Adichie titled,"Why Is Hillary Clinton So Widely Loved?" 
Your response to seeing the name Chimamanda Adichie was probably huh. Unless you're a gender studies student at an Ivy. In which case you know exactly who she is and love her. Chimamanda Adichie is a Nigerian novelist whose "We should all be feminists" is big in those circles. 
The Clinton campaign is unbearably awkward and this panegyric by Adichie was an obvious attempt to channel some of that canned Obama poetry. And like most Hillary branding, it fails badly. 
There are howlers like, "There are millions who admire the tapestry of Hillary Clinton's past" and "There are people who, when Hillary Clinton becomes the first woman to be president of the United States, will weep from joy". It's not quite a hymn to Comrade Stalin. Nor is it getting there by any means except a tow truck. 
And then there's the phrasing. Oh the phrasing. "Hillary Clinton was guilty immediately when she stepped into the view of the American public as the first lady of Arkansas." 
This is an awkward attempt to channel that Obama poetry, but instead it reads like a DVD manual badly translated from the Japanese. 
The Atlantic piece is full of lines that straddle the border between tin-eared propagandistic cliche and just bad writing. 
"She was a lawyer full of dreams: 
"She was guilty of not being a traditional first lady. She offended the old patriarchal order." 
Then there's the theme of the article, which is to just deny reality. 
"A conservative writer labeled her a congenital liar when she was first lady, and the label stuck because it was repeated over and over'îand it was a convenient label to harness misogyny. If she was a liar, then the hostility she engendered could not possibly be because she was a first lady who refused to be still and silent. 'Liar' has re-emerged during this election even though Politifact, a respected source of information about politicians, has certified that she is more honest than most politicians" 
The perfect timing for that defense would have been not right after Hillary Clinton shouted at a rally that she had been in New York on 9/11. But don't worry. Hillary is more honest than most politicians. A site supporting her said so. 
" Other words have been repeated over and over, with no context, until they have begun to breathe and thrum with life. Especially 'emails.' The press coverage of 'emails' has become an unclear morass where 'emails' must mean something terrible, if only because of how often it is invoked." 
How about "Classified emails"? Or "illegal server"? Or "violation of regulations dealing with the handling of classified material"? That's got lots of context. Or "cover-up". 
"The people who love Hillary Clinton know that the IT system at the State Department is old and stodgy, nothing like a Blackberry's smooth whirl. Hillary Clinton was used to her Blackberry, and wanted to keep using it when she became secretary of state." 
People who love Hillary know that she love high tech Blackberry. Hillary love Blackberry. She is a lawyer full of dreams who fights for the children of migrant workers and loves their smooth whirl. Politifact thrums with life. Says her Blackberry is more honest than the iPhone. Hillary has many dreams of thrumming Blackberries whirling smoothly that offend the traditional stodgy patriarchal order IT system. 
"The American conservative media saw an opportunity to blow the 'emails' story out of proportion, soon followed, almost bashfully, by the rest of the American media" 
Is that how it works in Nigeria? Because that's not how it works in America. 
"There is no objective basis on which to equate Hillary Clinton to her opponent." 
They're both mammals? They need oxygen to live? They're better writers than Chimamanda Adichie. 
"The people who love Hillary Clinton see the failings of the general American media, where news entertains rather than informs. They bristle when benign stories about her are covered with an ominous tone" 
They bristle and they hug their Blackberry and weep for they fear that the patriarchal stodgy IT systems will prevent Hillary from being the thrumming First Lady of North America. 
"They know that she is a bit too careful, but they understand that she has to be, that she cannot afford spontaneity." 
You would think with all those six figure speeches, she could. afford a little 
"her actions so falsely magnified, that she leaned into caution, wrapped herself in a kind of caution that sometimes makes her appear stilted " 
And wrapped in her caution, her whirling Blackberry in one hand, she bristled at the public, retracting her quills and occasionally hissing in an informed fashion for the children of migrant workers who admired the tapestry of her past. 
"There are millions of Americans who do not have the self-indulgent expectation that a politician be perfect. They are frustrated that Hillary Clinton is allowed no complexity. " 
Get Beyonce on the phone. I think Adichie has got another hit.
ARTICLE

Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. 
In the final stretch of the election, Hillary Rodham Clinton has gone to war with the FBI. 
The word 'unprecedented' has been thrown around so often this election that it ought to be retired. But it's still unprecedented for the nominee of a major political party to go war with the FBI. 
But that's exactly what Hillary and her people have done. Coma patients just waking up now and watching an hour of CNN from their hospital beds would assume that FBI Director James Comey is Hillary's opponent in this election. 
The FBI is under attack by everyone from Obama to CNN. Hillary's people have circulated a letter attacking Comey. There are currently more media hit pieces lambasting him than targeting Trump. It wouldn't be too surprising if the Clintons or their allies were to start running attack ads against the FBI. 
The FBI's leadership is being warned that the entire left-wing establishment will form a lynch mob if they continue going after Hillary. And the FBI's credibility is being attacked by the media and the Democrats to preemptively head off the results of the investigation of the Clinton Foundation and Hillary Clinton. 
The covert struggle between FBI agents and Obama's DOJ people has gone explosively public. 
The New York Times has compared Comey to J. Edgar Hoover. Its bizarre headline, 'James Comey Role Recalls Hoover's FBI, Fairly or Not' practically admits up front that it's spouting nonsense. The Boston Globe has published a column calling for Comey's resignation. Not to be outdone, Time has an editorial claiming that the scandal is really an attack on all women. 
James Carville appeared on MSNBC to remind everyone that he was still alive and insane. He accused Comey of coordinating with House Republicans and the KGB. And you thought the 'vast right wing conspiracy' was a stretch. 
Countless media stories charge Comey with violating procedure. Do you know what's a procedural violation? Emailing classified information stored on your bathroom server. 
Senator Harry Reid has sent Comey a letter accusing him of violating the Hatch Act. The Hatch Act is a nice idea that has as much relevance in the age of Obama as the Tenth Amendment. But the cable news spectrum quickly filled with media hacks glancing at the Wikipedia article on the Hatch Act under the table while accusing the FBI director of one of the most awkward conspiracies against Hillary ever. 
If James Comey is really out to hurt Hillary, he picked one hell of a strange way to do it. 
Not too long ago Democrats were breathing a sigh of relief when he gave Hillary Clinton a pass in a prominent public statement. If he really were out to elect Trump by keeping the email scandal going, why did he trash the investigation? Was he on the payroll of House Republicans and the KGB back then and playing it coy or was it a sudden development where Vladimir Putin and Paul Ryan talked him into taking a look at Anthony Weiner's computer? 
Either Comey is the most cunning FBI director that ever lived or he's just awkwardly trying to navigate a political mess that has trapped him between a DOJ leadership whose political futures are tied to Hillary's victory and his own bureau whose apolitical agents just want to be allowed to do their jobs. 
The only truly mysterious thing is why Hillary and her associates decided to go to war with a respected Federal agency. Most Americans like the FBI while Hillary Clinton enjoys a 60% unfavorable rating. 
And it's an interesting question. 
Hillary's old strategy was to lie and deny that the FBI even had a criminal investigation underway. Instead her associates insisted that it was a security review. The FBI corrected her and she shrugged it off. But the old breezy denial approach has given way to a savage assault on the FBI. 
Pretending that nothing was wrong was a bad strategy, but it was a better one that picking a fight with the FBI while lunatic Clinton associates try to claim that the FBI is really the KGB. 
There are two possible explanations. 
Hillary Clinton might be arrogant enough to lash out at the FBI now that she believes that victory is near. The same kind of hubris that led her to plan her victory fireworks display could lead her to declare a war on the FBI for irritating her during the final miles of her campaign. 
But the other explanation is that her people panicked. 
Going to war with the FBI is not the behavior of a smart and focused presidential campaign. It's an act of desperation. When a presidential candidate decides that her only option is to try and destroy the credibility of the FBI, that's not hubris, it's fear of what the FBI might be about to reveal about her. 
During the original FBI investigation, Hillary Clinton was confident that she could ride it out. And she had good reason for believing that. But that Hillary Clinton is gone. In her place is a paranoid wreck. Within a short space of time the 'positive' Clinton campaign promising to unite the country has been replaced by a desperate and flailing operation that has focused all its energy on fighting the FBI. 
There's only one reason for such bizarre behavior. 
The Clinton campaign has decided that an FBI investigation of the latest batch of emails poses a threat to its survival. And so it's gone all in on fighting the FBI. It's an unprecedented step born of fear. It's hard to know whether that fear is justified. But the existence of that fear already tells us a whole lot. 
Clinton loyalists rigged the old investigation. They knew the outcome ahead of time as well as they knew the debate questions. Now suddenly they are no longer in control. And they are afraid. 
You can smell the fear. 
The FBI has wiretaps from the investigation of the Clinton Foundation. It's finding new emails all the time. And Clintonworld panicked. The spinmeisters of Clintonworld have claimed that the email scandal is just so much smoke without fire. All that's here is the appearance of impropriety without any of the substance. But this isn't how you react to smoke. It's how you respond to a fire. 
The misguided assault on the FBI tells us that Hillary Clinton and her allies are afraid of a revelation bigger than the fundamental illegality of her email setup. The email setup was a preemptive cover up. The Clinton campaign has panicked badly out of the belief, right or wrong, that whatever crime the illegal setup was meant to cover up is at risk of being exposed. 
The Clintons have weathered countless scandals over the years. Whatever they are protecting this time around is bigger than the usual corruption, bribery, sexual assaults and abuses of power that have followed them around throughout the years. This is bigger and more damaging than any of the allegations that have already come out. And they don't want FBI investigators anywhere near it. 
The campaign against Comey is pure intimidation. It's also a warning. Any senior FBI people who value their careers are being warned to stay away. The Democrats are closing ranks around their nominee against the FBI. It's an ugly and unprecedented scene. It may also be their last stand. 
Hillary Clinton has awkwardly wound her way through numerous scandals in just this election cycle. But she's never shown fear or desperation before. Now that has changed. Whatever she is afraid of, it lies buried in her emails with Huma Abedin. And it can bring her down like nothing else has.  
ARTICLE

European Media Jihad Against Geert Wilders As they lose their grip, the political and media elites are getting desperate. November 4, 2016 Robert Spencer 
The mainstream media in Western Europe and North America isn't even pretending to be an objective news source anymore; instead, 'journalists' are working openly to quell what looks increasingly, on both sides of the Atlantic, like a popular revolution against the hegemony of the self-appointed political and media aristocracy that seems hell-bent on driving Western civilization over the cliff. And so it's time for another round of their Two-Minutes Hate against Dutch politician and freedom fighter Geert Wilders. 
Wilders has yet again gone on trial in the Netherlands for 'hate speech,' and this time the case against him is especially flimsy: as Europe is roiled by the criminal activity of Muslim migrants, he is being accused of 'hate speech' for saying that the massive influx of immigrants from Morocco (from which most of the Muslim migrants in the Netherlands come) has to be stopped. 
This trial could very easily backfire on the Dutch inquisitors, and make Wilders more popular than ever with the people of the Netherlands and Europe in general, as they are increasingly fed up with the political and media elites' forcing them to accept a massive influx of Muslim migrants that ensures a future only of civil strife, bloodshed, and Sharia oppression. 
Consequently, those elites are trying desperately to shore up their position. Wilders chanted 'No more Moroccans' at a rally. The horror! To any sane person, this means 'Stop the influx of Moroccan immigrants who only inflate crime rates and welfare rolls.' To the media, which at this point is quite insane, insofar as insanity means an inability or refusal to accept reality, this means 'Genocide!' 
And so, in this Deutsche Welle (DW) piece by freelance 'journalist' Teri Schultz, we're told that European Parliament lawmaker Cecile Kyenge, who was born in Congo, had 'numerous racial slurs - not to mention, bananas, literally - thrown at her, along with suggestions she go back to 'her country.'' Does this have anything to do with the crime and civil strife that are the foundations for Wilders' position? Of course not, but Wilders, Schultz tells us, is (of course) 'far-right,' that all-purpose and meaningless semaphore that serves only to signal to right-thinking Deutsche Welle readers that Wilders is, as far as the media elites are concerned, unsavory, and must be opposed and shunned, his positions left unexamined. 
Schultz contacted me to serve as the villain of her piece, being sure to tell her hapless readers that I am 'known for extreme anti-Islam views,' to make sure that if any of them are foolish enough to find themselves agreeing with me, they will immediately reverse themselves and get their minds right. The term 'extreme' also, since the Western governing class unanimously refers to jihad terrorists as 'extremists,' also implies that I am a terrorist. 
After the article came out, I challenged Schultz on this; she replied: 'I don't think even you would consider your views 'mainstream', do you?' I responded: 'Absolutely yes. My views were the broad mainstream in the Western world from 632 AD until the 1960s. What changed? Not Islamic teaching.' To that she said: 'Okay. You'd have to argue it with another expert, which I am not. But thanks again for contributing.' Indeed, she is just a mouthpiece for the views the political and media elites want us to hold. 
In any case, Schultz's article merely reveals the desperation of the ruling class and the self-appointed opinion-shapers. They can call those of us who wish to defend the people and culture of Europe and North America 'far-right' and 'extreme' every day (and they do), but the public can see with their eyes what is happening. Wilders' popularity isn't growing because he is a charming fellow (which is, of course, not to say that he isn't). It's growing because he speaks the truths that the political and media elites are in a frenzy to obscure. 
And it's only going to get worse for them: the Brexit vote and the Trump candidacy (whether he wins or loses) shows that their hegemony is beginning to be challenged. Those challenges will continue, and grow. They will before too long be decisively voted out and repudiated.
ARTICLE

Obama's Weighs Options for His Final Stab at Israel In his twilight months in office, Obama seeks to undermine America's closest ally. November 4, 2016 Ari Lieberman 
Israelis and the pro-Israel community at large will breathe a collective sigh of relief when Obama leaves office. During Obama's tenure, relations with Israel were caustic at best. Barely five months after taking office, he publicly launched a scathing attack against Israel 'ì where he perversely insinuated a moral equivalence between Israeli and Palestinian actions 'ì and did so in one of the most virulently anti-Semitic countries on the planet. He later skipped over Israel despite the fact that Israel was a mere 20-minute plane ride away. That was Obama's opening salvo against America's closest ally. It was only downhill from there. 
Obama utilized high-level administration sources to leak negative information about Israel to sympathetic members of the press. In one such instance, an administration official 'ìprobably Ben Rhodes 'ì referred to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as a ' chicken-Sh*t .' In another instance, Obama voiced concurrence with French president, Nicholas Sarkozy, when Sarkozy characterized Netanyahu as a ' liar .' 
Often, the Obama administration would subject Israeli dignitaries to humiliating treatment during official state visits. Israel's defense minister, Moshe Yaalon, was shamefully transformed into a persona non grata. In the most notorious incident, Obama left Netanyahu out in the cold while having dinner with Michelle and his daughters. One commentator dryly noted that Obama treated Netanyahu as though he was the president of Equatorial Guinea. 
Ultimately, Obama crossed the line and received significant pushback from Democratic lawmakers and donors. Obama got the message and toned down the rhetoric but his deep-seeded animus against Israel never dissipated and relations with Israel's prime minister remained toxic. 
Tensions surfaced again during Israel's counter insurgency campaign against the Gaza-based terror group Hamas. Obama held up a shipment of Hellfire missiles to Israel and then tried to strong-arm Israel into accepting a suicidal ceasefire agreement brokered by Turkey and Qatar, two despotic nations that support Hamas and gave aid and comfort to Islamic State terrorists. 
Obama saw Netanyahu's opposition to the JCPOA, the so-called Iran deal, as a personal attack and allowed his petulant nature to further sour relations. The so-called 'settlements' were another point of contention. Obama disregarded a letter of assurance to Israel provided by the Bush administration specifying that 'In light of new realities on the ground, including already existing major Israeli population[s] centers, it is unrealistic to expect that the outcome of final status negotiations will be a full and complete return to the armistice lines of 1949'¶' 
Bush gave implicit recognition to existing settlement blocs and the right of Israel to build within those blocs. It is also important to note that no new settlement was created during Obama's term of office and Netanyahu had even agreed to an unprecedented 10-month moratorium on construction within the disputed territories. But nothing was ever enough for Obama who never wasted an opportunity to excoriate Israel at every turn. His parting shot was at the United Nations General Assembly. During a recent address to that contemptible body, he explicitly singled out Israel for criticism but heaped praise on the xenophobic nation of Indonesia. Obama's moral compass had gone completely awry. 
Despite the fact that Obama is in his twilight months, he can still inflict immeasurable harm on Israel. According to a report featured in the Wall Street Journal , Obama is contemplating several options, each with significant negative implications for Israel. The report noted that he will only implement those options during the transitional period after November 8, so as not to harm Clinton's presidential prospects. 
He may seek to remove tax exempt status for organizations supportive of Israeli communities living in East Jerusalem, Judea and Samaria. Perhaps more ominously, he may seek to impose dictates on Israel utilizing the U.N. Security Council. 
In one such scenario, Obama may seek to pass a resolution condemning settlement construction and declaring Israeli communities situated in Judea and Samaria to be illegal. Alternatively, the administration may seek formal recognition of the 'State of Palestine' even though such a state has no formal boundaries and rejects Israel's existence as a Jewish state. Lastly, he is said to be considering the possibility of setting up the parameters of a future peace agreement that would entail significant Israeli territorial concessions. 
The United States does not have to actively support any UNSC resolution to see the successful passage of anti-Israeli measures. It merely has to fail to exercise its veto powers. France, facing significant problems of its own in connection with its growing radicalized Muslim population, has historically been the fiercest advocate for the Palestinian Arabs. It is likely that the administration would seek to have the French submit a draft resolution and the United States would simply abstain while the permanent and non-permanent members voted, thus guaranteeing passage. 
Israel has few friends on the Security Council and American collusion with a body that could arguably be considered today's greatest purveyors of anti-Semitism, would be an act of extreme betrayal. It would also represent bad policy and would significantly complicate efforts to broker a future peace agreement. 
But Israel is not without recourse. There is strong bipartisan support for Israel in Congress and lawmakers from both sides of the political divide have already expressed to the White House their strong opposition to U.N. involvement. 
Some, like the Jerusalem Post's Caroline Glick, have suggested that the Israelis can reach out to the Russians with carrots in an effort to counter Obama's nefarious plans but this option seems to be a stretch. Moscow has always been in the pockets of the Muslim bloc and its recent vote at UNESCO in support of a resolution denying the Jewish nexus to Jerusalem, serves to reinforce this view. Moreover, even if Russia can be persuaded, relying on Putin for favors is akin to borrowing money from the Mafia and would come with a steep price. 
It is ironic that with the multitude of problems currently facing the administration 'ì spiraling healthcare costs, racial discord, cyber breaches, Russia's seizure of Crimea and eastern Ukraine, ISIS, the meltdown in the Arab world, Iranian terrorism, China's expansion into the South and East China Seas, the migrant crisis, immigration reform 'ì Obama would choose to focus his negative energies on harming the Mideast's only democracy and America's staunchest ally. That fact, in it of itself, speaks volumes about the man.
ARTICLE

The president and Hillary Clinton share a 'stubborn desire' to avoid scrutiny. November 4, 2016 Lloyd Billingsley 
The President of the United States, the most powerful man in the world, is working three shifts for his designated successor, former First Lady and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. As the FBI continues its investigations and Clinton emails continue to emerge, it is worth recalling the mysteries in the president's narrative. 
Last year, 'Obama's narrator,' as the New York Times called David Axelrod, released his massive Believer : My Forty Years in Politics . The author recalls a 'perfectly timed' and unexpected call that would change his life. 
'David, it's Barack,' said the voice on the phone. 'I'm thinking about what I want to do next, and was wondering if we could talk.' This call took place in 1992, which explains the perfect timing. 
On February 8, 1992, the president's maternal grandfather Stanley Dunham passed away at 73. So 'Gramps,' as the narrator called him, was no longer around to offer insights on family history, correct any accounts that might appear, or write one of his own. 
In the 1995 Dreams from My Father, Gramps 'might' say that a Kenyan foreign student looks a lot like Nat King Cole. Actually, Gramps might not. The Kenyan student Barack H. Obama bears little resemblance to Cole, who passed away in 1965 but enjoyed a revival in the 1990s through daughter Natalie's 'Unforgettable' album. 
The narrator of Dreams from My Father invokes 'a stubborn desire to protect myself from scrutiny' and he 'doesn't fault people their suspicions' if they fail to take him at 'face value.' His elusive father is a 'prop in someone else's narrative' and 'an image I could alter on a whim or ignore when convenient.' The narrative itself is a 'myth,' a 'tale,' and a 'useful fiction.' 
Dreams from My Father has no photo section, no index, and key characters get only a first name. These include 'Frank,' who gets 2,500 words. Back in 1995, the president himself identified this person as Frank Marshall Davis, the Stalinist Paul Kengor regards as the president's mentor, as he explained in The Communist: The Untold Story of Frank Marshall Davis . 
In Dreams from My Real Father , documentarian Joel Gilbert made a case that Davis is the president's biological father. Malik Obama, son of the Kenyan Barack H. Obama, sees a strong physical resemblance . That also holds true on the policy side. Professor Kengor found 'remarkable similarities' between the writings of Davis and the policies of president Barack Obama. 
The Kenyan Barack Obama, though a man of the left, was not a pro-Soviet Communist. Had he been pro-Soviet, he would have attended Patrice Lumumba University in Moscow. Indeed, Obama warned his fellow Kenyans about Soviet meddling in Africa. 
The Kenyan Obama would have found strange the president's 2009 cancelation of missile defense for European allies. An outspoken man, he would not have supported the kind of high-tech harassment Sharyl Attkisson described in Stonewalled: My Fight for Truth Against the Forces of Obstruction, Intimidation and Harassment in Obama's Washington . 
The Kenyan Barack H. Obama had issues with strongman types such as Jomo Kenyatta, who ruled Kenya from 1963 until his death in 1978. In keeping with his country, and most of Africa, the Kenyan Barack Obama is not on record as a supporter of homosexual causes. Frank Marshall Davis, on the other hand, was certainly on board. As Davis wrote in his 1992 memoir Livin' the Blues : 
'During the dramatic civil rights demonstrations of the 1960s, I often thought we ought to form a united front with joint sit-ins at cafes. In my mind I envisioned the result. An indignant white restaurant manager frantically phoning the police, 'Get here in a hurry! We got niggers at our counters and our washrooms are loaded with fairies and lesbians!' Or perhaps there might have been a joint March on Washington waving banners: Blacks and Homos, Arise!' 
That, and Davis' pornographic novel, Sex Rebel: Black , might explain the president's stubborn desire to protect himself from scrutiny. It could also have something do with what the narrator calls the 'less flattering aspects of my father's character.' 
In Dreams from My Father , the Kenyan is raised a Muslim but in The Audacity of Hope he is 'a confirmed atheist, thinking religion to be so much superstition, like the mumbo-jumbo of witch doctors that he had witnessed in the Kenyan villages of his youth.' 
In Audacity , the narrator explains that he went to a 'predominantly Muslim school' in Indonesia. He does not indicate whether atheists, Lutherans, Jews, or Buddhists also attended the school. Registration records were supposedly destroyed by flooding. 
The predominantly Muslim school also emerges in Believer , but Axelrod does not indicate if students of other faiths attended. Frank, Ann Dunham, Stanley Dunham, and even the Kenyan Barack Obama are missing from this account, but it proves enlightening in other ways. 
In a 2008, Brian Williams of MSNBC asked presidential candidates what steps they would take in the event of a simultaneous terror attack on major American cities. As Axelrod explains, 'Obama neglected to include that he would pursue the perpetrators.' 
Hillary Clinton did likewise in 2012, passing off what she privately regarded as a terrorist attack on the U.S. compound in Benghazi as a spontaneous protest over a video. Like the president, Clinton has always shown a stubborn desire to protect herself from scrutiny. With BleachBit , hammers and lies, Hillary and her handlers did their best to make more than 30,000 emails disappear. 
The contents remain something of a mystery, just as mysteries linger about the president and his background. On the other hand, by now some things are perfectly clear. 
The POTUS and former FLOTUS both decline to identify Islamic terrorism. Both are shrink-wrapped in statist superstition. And both lie with the greatest of ease. On these counts, like the critters in Orwell's Animal Farm, one can find it 'impossible to say which was which.' 
Back in July, the party faithful were chanting 'Four more years!' during the president's speech at the Democratic National Convention.
ARTICLE

Why Time Magazine's Joe Klein Is So Wrong About Hillary Clinton Rebutting the absurd claims of my namesake. November 4, 2016 Joseph Klein 
Time Magazine's Joe Klein has just penned an article entitled 'Why Hillary Clinton Is the Only Choice to Keep America Great.' I feel duty bound to respond to at least the most absurd of the comments made by namesake and author of Primary Colors, the novel based on about Bill Clinton's first presidential campaign in 1992. 
The other Joe Klein laments that Hillary has been so 'severely damaged in the course of the 30-year battering she's received at the hands of extremists and the media.' Sorry, but Hillary's wounds are self-inflicted. Her lies, greed and corruption go back decades and have now reached a crescendo with the dual scandals of her use of a private server for State Department business while she was Secretary of State and of the pay-for-play Clinton Foundation. 
'There is one part of Trump that is indisputably real: his ego,' the other Joe Klein wrote, as if Hillary were the epitome of humility and grace. 
'Those who would put Clinton's failings in the same league as Trump's depravities are delusional,' declared Klein. I agree with his statement, but for precisely the opposite reason that he advances. Trump did not abuse a public office for personal gain. He did not 'hand pick' (Hillary's word) an ambassador to serve in one of the most dangerous countries in the world and then never respond to his multiple requests for enhanced security, let alone pick up the phone and contact Ambassador Chris Stevens directly. "The government was not able to save four lives, to keep four lives safe. How can you keep a country safe?" asked Stevens' former fianc√© in a rhetorical question that Hillary would be unable to answer. Trump did not lie to the families of those slain in Benghazi, as Hillary did. Trump did not put national security at risk by using a private server for government e-mails in order to evade the Freedom of Information Act, as Hillary did. 
In short, anyone who thinks that Hillary's proven record of recklessness, mendacity, and indifference is not more troubling by several orders of magnitude than Trump's 'depravities' is 'delusional.' 
The other Joe Klein complains that Trump deals in 'stereotypes' - 'the blacks,' 'the Hispanics,' 'the Muslims,' 'the women' and, yes, even 'the veterans.' Yet much of Hillary's pitch is gender-based. Elect her because she is a woman. And she attacks millions of people who support her opponent with vile epithets 'ì 'deplorable,' 'racist,' 'sexist,' 'homophobic,' 'xenophobic,' 'Islamaphobic,' and 'ì for good measure - 'irredeemable.' 
The other Joe Klein charges that Trump is 'about all that has gone wrong in our society, and nothing of what has gone right.' To paraphrase Bill Clinton, that would depend on what your definitions of 'wrong' and 'right' are. Is Hillary Clinton really right when she parrots Black Lives Matter's stereotypical attacks on what she herself has characterized as white 'privilege' and 'systemic racism' in this country? Is she right when she leaps to conclusions about police 'brutality' aimed against African-Americans before the evidence in specific cases is carefully examined? I don't think so. 
Hillary also represents the political correctness and anti-religious bigotry of the secular left elite that many Americans believe are what truly have gone wrong in our society. At the Women in the World Summit last year, for example, Hillary said that in order to fully secure the reproductive rights of women, 'deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs and structural biases have to be changed.' Hillary demeaned the sincerely held religious belief in the sanctity of life held by millions of Americans, reminiscent of President Obama's contemptuous 'clinging to religion' quote back in 2008. 
Hillary's key supporters and top aides have targeted the Catholic Church in particular for their notion of progressive reform. 'There needs to be a Catholic Spring, in which Catholics themselves demand the end of a middle ages dictatorship and the beginning of a little democracy and respect for gender equality in the Catholic Church,' wrote Sandy Newman, president of Voices for Progress, in an e-mail to Clinton's campaign chairman John Podesta. In response, Podesta picked up on the 'spring' theme. He wrote, 'We created Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good to organize for a moment like this. But I think it lacks the leadership to do so now. Likewise Catholics United. Like most Spring movements, I think this one will have to be bottom up.' 
When Time Magazine's Joe Klein talks about what is right or wrong in American society, he should get out of his Washington D.C. bubble more often and actually speak with the American people about their day-to-day concerns. Even if Hillary Clinton ends up winning the election, the country will remain divided and she will have no mandate whatsoever to advance her progressive agenda.
ARTICLE

The unraveling of Hillary's corrupt sphere of influence. November 4, 2016 Michael Cutler 
The 2016 elections are in the final stretch and were shaken to the core by the latest revelations from FBI Director James Comey on Friday, October 28, 2016 as reported by NBC News on October 30 th , ' FBI Obtains Warrant for Newly Discovered Emails in Clinton Probe 'î as Reid Accuses Comey of Hatch Act Violation .' Once again the Clinton scandal is creating turmoil in a presidential election that has gone way beyond 'unconventional.' Indeed, Tom Clancy could not have scripted this year's presidential election and intrigues. 
While Comey's recent remarks regarding the Clinton investigation have been extremely vague, the issue to focus on is how Hillary's use of a private computer server, private e-mail account and non-secure digital devices to store, send and receive classified materials may have drawn others into her tangled web of deception. 
The current focus of the Clinton quagmire is on whether or not the laptop computer shared by Weiner and his estranged wife contains sensitive information. If that laptop had been hacked both Weiner and Abedin could have been vulnerable to blackmail. This was an issue raised by Congressman Louie Gohmert, Texan Republican and former judge in a Fox News Business interview on October 31, 2016 in a segment that was posted under the title, ' Rep. Gohmert: Clinton is a potential victim of blackmail .' 
Additional individuals may also have been drawn into this web of deception through these e-mails as well. A chain is as strong as its weakest link. The weak links begin with Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin and may now include Anthony Weiner and perhaps others. Meanwhile, there is no way to yet determine how many other weak links are 'out there' petrified that WikiLeaks or perhaps, a hacker may yet disclose their improper dealings with the Clintons or their foundation. 
Could not these additional individuals be subject to blackmail as well? 
Let's take a moment to understand how all of this began. 
Just months earlier Hillary Clinton had been let off the hook by an FBI Director who, in his official statement on July 5, 2016 , included this excerpt: To be clear, this is not to suggest that in similar circumstances, a person who engaged in this activity would face no consequences. To the contrary, those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions. But that is not what we are deciding now. 
By Comey's own words, anyone else might have had their security clearance lifted permanently. This raises the issue about such an individual demonstrating fitness for duty as president and raises the question as to why Comey did not see fit to take comparable action with Ms Clinton. 
Comey's ultimate decision to not present the case to a Grand Jury was frustrating to those who have had security clearances and fully understand just how profound an impact these transgressions might have on national security. 
However, perhaps Comey's hard to comprehend decision can be traced to a meeting between Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch less than one week before the FBI Director conducted that press conference. On June 29, 2015 ABC News-15 reported, ' US Attorney General Loretta Lynch, Bill Clinton meet privately in Phoenix before Benghazi report .' 
That article served as a predication for my article, ' Loretta Lynch's Private Meeting With Bill Clinton Prior to Release of Benghazi Report : Why would the Attorney General, who sets the tone for law enforcement, do this?' 
As Attorney General, Lynch is FBI Director Comey's boss. 
At the time of this meeting the Justice Department was not only investigating Hillary's illegal use of a private e-mail server, non-secure personal digital devices but was also, conducting an investigation into the Clinton Foundation. 
In fact, on October 30, 2016 Breitbart reported, ' Clinton Foundation FBI Investigation Confirmed By Former Assistant FBI Director .' Therefore Bill Clinton, was likely the target of an ongoing criminal investigation yet he had a totally inappropriate private meeting with the Attorney General to supposedly discuss golfing and grandchildren. 
However, just days after that meeting, news organizations reported that Hillary was contemplating keeping Lynch on as Attorney General if she won the election. 
On July 4, 2016 Newsmax reported, ' NY Times: Clinton Weighs Keeping Lynch as Attorney General if She Wins .' Hillary's statement that she might keep Lynch on as Attorney General could have provided the incentive for Lynch to 'Go along to get along.' 
Indeed, Lynch did precisely that during her confirmation hearing as I described in my commentary, ' Loretta Lynch: Same as the Old Boss : The Attorney General nominee's disturbing views on U.S. immigration law.' 
My article included an excerpt from a Yahoo/AP news report, "Attorney General nominee defends Obama immigration changes." Here is the exchange in which Lynch discussed the administration's immigration's policies: Lynch said she had no involvement in drafting the measures but called them "a reasonable way to marshal limited resources to deal with the problem" of illegal immigration. She said the Homeland Security Department was focusing on removals of "the most dangerous of the undocumented immigrants among us." Pressed by Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, a leading immigration hard-liner, she said citizenship was not a right for people in the country illegally but rather a privilege that must be earned. However, when Sessions asked whether individuals in the country legally or those who are here unlawfully have more of a right to a job, Lynch replied, "The right and the obligation to work is one that's shared by everyone in this country regardless of how they came here." Sessions quickly issued a news release to highlight that response. Under later questioning by Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York, Lynch clarified it, stating there is no right to work for an immigrant who has no lawful status. 
This was disturbing and telling, clearly Ms Lynch's views on immigration and likely, therefore on other issues are malleable and subject to revision if modifying her position is consistent with her personal goals. 
As Attorney General Lynch directs the operations of the entire Justice Department and all those who work for that department. Ms. Lynch must understand true democracy can only exist when justice is blind and totally objective. 
However, Lynch and the others who have fallen under Hillary Clinton's corrupt sphere of influence are trapped in Hillary's web of deception, having fallen victim to the Hillary Virus. Throughout Clinton's many decades in American politics, this highly contagious and virulent malady has proven to be virtually ineradicable. It is not likely to change no matter the outcome of the next election.
ARTICLE

Potentially the Worst VP in American History A look at Tim Kaine's track record and agendas. November 4, 2016 Discover The Networks 
During his years as a student at Harvard Law School in the early 1980s, Tim Kaine took a year off from his legal studies in order to work with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras. During the nine months he spent there, Kaine developed a keen interest in the teachings of local priests who were adherents of liberation theology , which is essentially Marxism dressed up as Christianity. Kaine himself embraced liberation theology and later claimed that it had 'changed' him and 'deepened' him. After completing his legal education, Kaine joined a civil litigation firm and practiced law for 17 years. He also launched a career in local politics in the mid-1990s, and eventually went on to serve as governor of Virginia (2006-10) and as a U.S. senator (2013-present). This past July, Hillary Clinton named Kaine as her vice presidential running mate. 
Over the course of his political career, Kaine has developed some noteworthy ties to a number of Islamist individuals and organizations: In his role as Virginia's governor in 2007, Kaine appointed Esam Omeish, president of the Muslim Brotherhood -affiliated Muslim American Society (MAS), to Virginia's Immigration Commission. Omeish had previously served as president of the National Muslim Students Association and as a board member of the Islamic Society of North America , both of which have deep ties to the Brotherhood. Omeish had also been a board chairman of the Islamic Center of Passaic County , a New Jersey mosque with significant terrorist connections. And he had been a vice president and board member of the Dar al-Hijrah Islamic Center , a Virginia mosque whose imams have included, among others, an Al-Qaeda operative and a supporter of suicide bombings. Prior to his appointment by Kaine, Omeish had described the Muslim Brotherhood as a 'moderate' organization; he had praised the former Hamas leader Ahmed Yassin as 'our beloved Sheikh'; and he had pledged to lend his assistance to those Palestinians who understood that 'the jihad way is the way to liberate your land.' In May 2007, Kaine was the keynote speaker at the Muslim American Society Freedom Foundation's 'Standing for Justice Dinner.' In 2010, Kaine agreed to attend the Dar al-Hijrah Islamic Center's annual fundraising banquet. In September 2011, Kaine spoke at an event that presented a Lifetime Achievement Award to U.S. Muslim Brotherhood leader Jamal Barzinji , who was closely associated with the Palestinian Islamic Jihad , Hamas, and the extremist International Institute of Islamic Thought (IIIT). In 2011-12, Kaine's U.S. Senate campaign received $4,300 from officials of the Islamic Society of North America and the Council on American-Islamic Relations , plus another $3,500 from IIIT's president-of-finance , Hisham Al-Talib . 
In early 2015, Kaine objected strenuously when Republican House Speaker John Boehner invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to speak to the U.S. Congress about the gravity of the growing Iranian nuclear threat and his (Netanyahu's) ' profound disagreement ' with the negotiated deal that the Obama Administration was pursuing with Iran. Kaine joined seven other Senate Democrats in boycotting Netanyahu's speech. That summer, Kaine declared himself a ' strong supporter ' of the final agreement, which allowed the Islamist regime in Tehran to enrich uranium, build advanced centrifuges, purchase ballistic missiles, fund terrorism, and be guaranteed of having a near-zero breakout time to the development of a nuclear bomb approximately a decade down the road. In May 2015, Kaine was one of fourteen U.S. senators who wrote a letter to President Barack Obama urging him to allow 65,000 people from war-torn, terrorism-ravaged Syria into the United States as refugees, despite many people's concern that terrorists could potentially infiltrate the refugee program. Later that same year, Kaine opposed a bill passed by the House of Representatives that would have required more careful vetting of Syrians and Iraqis before they could be admitted to the United States as refugees. 'These refugees are people who are terrorized, not terrorists,' Kaine said in a November 2015 interview wherein he claimed that 'the refugee vetting process is one of the safest areas that we have.' In a speech on the Senate floor the following month, Kaine said: 'I look at this refugee crisis as a test '¶ about whether we, like [the biblical] Job, will be true to our principles or whether we'll abandon them.' He also urged his fellow legislators to emulate the example of the 17th-century 'Indians down near Jamestown Island' who had helped starving English settlers to survive by offering 'an extension of a hand to strangers in a strange land.' Kaine ranks among the most left-wing political figures in the United States today. He is the only person with a 0% Lifetime Rating from the American Conservative Union, which has graded Members of Congress on their voting records each year since 1971. Similarly, ConservativeReview.com gives Kaine a 0% rating. In short, Tim Kaine is essentially a political mirror image of Hillary Clinton. Mrs. Clinton picked him as her running mate because she saw him as someone who could effectively help her implement a radical leftist agenda.
ARTICLE

NBC's Baghdad Bob: There Is No FBI Investigation of Hillary November 4, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
Remember when Hillary Clinton was insisting that there was no FBI investigation of her, just a security review, even when the FBI rejected that claim? 
Well Andrea Mitchell, NBC's own Baghdad Bob, isn't giving up that claim so easily. Even while the rest of the Clinton clique is screeching against the FBI for investigating Hillary like bats from the nether regions of left-wing hell, Mitchell is sticking to the old spin. There is no FBI investigation of Hillary . Close your eyes and say it three times. The FBI is not investigating Hillary. It's not. It's not. 
In a complete state of denial on Thursday, MSNBC host Andrea Mitchell interrupted live coverage of Donald Trump speaking at a Florida campaign rally to supposedly 'fact-check' the candidate for citing a bombshell report that the FBI was conducting an extensive investigation into Hillary Clinton's e-mail and charitable foundation scandals. 
Mitchell refused to accept reality: 'Just a lot of fact-checking to do. She's not under criminal investigation. In fact, it's not an investigation. It's just a review of the e-mails. She did not lie to the FBI, according to James Comey. There was no grounds to prosecute her. So there are no lies, there's no criminality.' She fretted: 'I don't know even where to start....but I mean, we have to put it in some context.' 
The context is that defending Hillary Clinton has become a mental illness. 
But as I wrote earlier this week, fact checking has become a media term for insisting on the primacy of its alternate reality even when it flies in the face of actual reality. There is no FBI investigation of Hillary. Anyone who believes that is probably some sort of right-winger who listens to what the FBI actually says, rather than what NBC says that the FBI says. 
ARTICLE

Muslims Terrorize Hindus Because It's Wednesday November 4, 2016 Daniel Greenfield 
The official media narrative is that Muslims are the world's greatest victims. The truth, especially in majority Muslim countries, is rather strikingly different . 
Crowds of Muslims attacked Hindu homes and temples in eastern Bangladesh this week, raising concerns that the authorities are not taking steps to curb rising religious tensions. 
Attacks on Hindus are not unusual in Bangladesh, but it is rare to see multiple crowds targeting temples in an organized way as they did on Sunday and Monday. 
Note the casual language of the Times. Muslim religious violence is commonplace in Bangladesh. It's just not common for it to be happening on this scale. 
But how could it be otherwise? Islam is structurally xenophobic, violently bigoted and racist down to its origins. Islam's faith is expressed in a violent campaign against non-Muslims. This is Jihad. 
Muslims attacking Hindus, Christians, Jews, Yazidis or any other group? That just means it must be Wednesday. Or any other day of the week. 
On Sunday, hundreds of Muslims entered a Hindu neighborhood, where they ransacked 15 temples and the homes of more than 100 families, Mr. Deb said. He said that the mob 'used long, hard sticks and locally made sharp weapons' to assault Hindus they found there, and that at least 20 people, including a priest, were wounded. 
This is Islam in its purest and truest form.
ARTICLE

Obama Should Just Pardon Hillary for Every Conceivable Crime November 4, 2016 
Don't look now, but #PardonHer talk is growing. 
Just as the Clinton campaign and its media allies rage against the FBI, some are looking for a pardon solution. And a way to spin that pardon as something other than a straight admission of guilt. How about political reconciliation and a way to defy those mean Republicans and take the issue of all the crimes that Hillary committed off the table? Here you go. 
It does not take much clairvoyance to predict that Clinton's most strident opponents may seek to extend the use criminal investigations as a political tactic to undermine her presidency if she wins the election next week. That prospect triggers a startling idea: Should President Barack Obamasimply pardon Clinton if she wins the election?... 
A presidential pardon could short circuit some of this maneuvering. The Constitution gives the president the power "to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses against the United States," and it could be used here. The public is aware of the allegations against Clinton, yet she has continued to lead in election polls. If voters choose her for the presidency, their decision that the allegations are not disqualifying deserves respect. A presidential pardon could ratify that assessment. 
Yes, but what should Obama pardon Hillary Clinton for? Corruption, bribery, abuse of classified information? How about everything. Let's just print up a list of every possible crime and pardon Hillary for all of them. It would save time, energy and raise Hillary above the law. It would be a clear statement that she could get away with murder. 
Literally.
