ARTICLE

STORE TRAITOR! WIKILEAKS Dump Just EXPOSED PAUL RYAN As ONE OF THEM! VIA | It's another day and there's a fresh batch of emails from Wikileaks, and this time around we found a connection to House Speaker Paul Ryan. Throughout the election, Ryan has been notably against Donald Trump, and recently he declared he would no longer be campaigning with or defending the Republican nominee. Ryan claims the reason is that Trump is so outrageous he can't in good conscious support the billionaire, but a new email from Wikileaks may lend some insight into Ryan's true reason for being against the people's candidate – he's an establishment hack in bed with Washington elites. In fact, his brother-in-law's wife is a district court judge that Hillary Clinton is floating as a possible Supreme Court nomination, should she be elected in November. Check it out: 
— Sean (@Patriot_Beaver) October 26, 2016 
'Ketanji Brown Jackson is a judge on the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. She was confirmed by without any Republican opposition in the Senate not once, but *twice*. She was confirmed to her current position in 2013 by unanimous consent – that is, without any stated opposition. She was also previously confirmed unanimously to a seat on the U.S. Sentencing Commission (where she became vice chair). 
… 
Her family is impressive. She is married to a surgeon and has two young daughters. Her father is a retired lawyer and her mother a retired school principal. Her brother was a police officer (in the unit that was the basis for the television show *The Wire*) and is now a law student, and she is related by marriage to Congressman (and Speaker of the House) Paul Ryan.” 
Lovely, isn't it? While we can't know for certain if this is a motivating factor in Ryan being so against Trump, the 'appearance of impropriety” is undoubtedly there, and as we all know, appearances are quite important. 
If you enjoyed this story, be sure to follow Sean Brown on Facebook, and check out his website, politicalcult.com. 
God Bless. 
VOTE FOR DONALD TRUMP AND TOGETHER WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Search for: 
ARTICLE

STORE 'HACKING DEMOCRACY' CREATOR JUST EXPOSED HOW HILLARY HAS ALREADY RIGGED '99% of VOTING MACHINES'! ELDER PATRIOT – Even as Mrs. Clinton has fallen behind in the same polls that her minions from the mainstream corporate media conduct and tout, she is busy preparing her transition team and planning a massively expensive inauguration ceremony. Some may think this is arrogance on her part but it's not. It's reflective of her confidence in the ability to rig voting machines on a massive scale that her campaign has invested heavily in. Bev Harris of Black Box Voting shows how easy it is for an experienced programmer – in this case Bennie Smith – with access to the network to change the results of an election without anyone knowing or being able to detect it has happened. The process uses a fractional counting methodology to alter the vote totals and arrive at pre-determined totals for each candidate through the use of a software patch called the gems program. When Ms. Harris first discovered the gems program it was installed and counting votes in 25 states and 616 jurisdictions. She has now uncovered evidence that fractional counting has migrated from the gems program exclusively into other vendors voting systems which count votes as fractions and may count as many as ninety-nine percent of all American votes in the 2016 election. There are some things we can do to protect our vote but it's not as simple as we would like it to be. It requires a degree of vigilance and a little effort on your part. Voting machines are required to take pictures of every ballot. Ask for a copy after you vote. Also, you can observe and document the central tabulator at your county elections office by making a video recording of what you're seeing. Remember, the precinct voting machine you vote on should print a results page. Ask to see it and compare it to how you voted. We can no longer trust those in control of the levers of power to protect us. The establishment has betrayed us too many times in the past for us to trust them with our votes now. It's up to you to protect the integrity of your vote. Search for: 
ARTICLE

STORE Trump's blueprint may soon cross the pond to effect Europe's elections 
Perhaps one of the biggest ironies in this year's historic election was how often the media and the pundits tried to both tell and get Donald Trump to 'act' more presidential. And at the heart of this irony was the fact that Trump's demeanor was no different than some of the greatest Presidents in America's history when you study the likes of Andrew Jackson and Teddy Roosevelt. 
In the end however, Donald Trump's personality was a perfect mixture of determination coupled with a dash of bombastic that helped create a whirlwind which energized a nation into pulling off the greatest upset in political history. 
In times of political and societal change it is charisma, far more than ability, that most often wins the race. And in a year where the world was shocked by the Brexit vote in the UK, and the Chicago Cubs coming back from a 3-1 deficit to win the world series, those who can tap into the ethereal energy of that change will accomplish the impossible no matter what people think or believe. 
And going forward the ongoing frequency shift that has is occurring right now, just as it has occurred in a cyclical fashion throughout history, still has a long way to playing itself out. And with that in mind the next potential nexus point of extreme change is emerging in the scheduled referendums and elections over in Europe that will take place over the next six months. 
Daniela Schwarzer, director of research at the German Council on Foreign Relations (DGAP), said Trump's bare-fisted tactics against his opponents and the media provided a model for populist European parties that have exercised comparative restraint on a continent that still remembers World War Two. 'The broken taboos, the extent of political conflict, the aggression that we've seen from Trump, this can widen the scope of what becomes thinkable in our own political culture, ” Schwarzer said. 
Perhaps it is not the 'political conflict” or aggression from Trump that Daniela is worried about; perhaps it is the threat of a truly democratic vote in a world in which all the benefits of crony capitalism and suppressed representation have gone exclusively to the 1%, something which is now openly known and resented by the rest of the increasingly angry population. And, as both Brexit and Trump have shown, an angry, education population is the worst possible enemy of any elitist, globalist clique. 
Italy and Austria 
Europe will get the first taste of its own 'Trump Moment” as early as next month, when on December 4 Austrians will vote in a presidential election that could see Norbert Hofer of the Freedom Party become the first far-right head of state to be freely elected in western Europe since 1945. On the same day, a constitutional reform referendum on which Prime Minister Renzi has staked his future could upset the political order in Italy, pushing Grillo's left-wing 5-Star movement closer to the reins of power. 
Channeling Donald Trump, local Euroskeptic politician and comedian, Beppe Grillo said that 'an epoch has gone up in flames . The real demagogues are the press, intellectuals, who are anchored to a world that no longer exists.” – Zerohedge 
Politics today is most often ruled by tradition and expectations, with things like lies, obfuscation, and corruption being accepted parts of the process. But as Donald Trump proved in the last two years leading up to the results of Nov. 8, the right person or movement can not only supersede establishment machines, but in very real ways it can also destroy them. 
Six months ago no one would have imagined that Britain would have voted to leave the European Union, especially after nations such as Greece willingly stayed in the coalition despite the treatment they were given by member states and banking interests. But we are no longer in a frequency of normal, and before this paradigm shift is finally completed impossible phenomenons like Trump winning the Presidency will be just one of many changes that will alter the entire landscape of Europe, America, and the world. 
Kenneth Schortgen Jr is a writer for The Daily Economist , Secretsofthefed.com , Roguemoney.net , and Viral Liberty , and hosts the popular youtube podcast on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Ken can also be heard Wednesday afternoons giving an weekly economic report on the Angel Clark radio show . 
