ARTICLE

Failed weapons systems cost Pentagon $58 billion over two decades Failed weapons systems cost Pentagon $58 billion over two decades By 0 82 
The Pentagon loves to throw good money after bad ‒ to the tune of nearly $60 billion on failed big-ticket weapons systems over the last two decades, according to a new internal Department of Defense review. 
From the Army's Future Combat Systems (FCS) that focused on fighting the last war to its RAH-66 Comanche stealth helicopters that never quite got off the ground, between 1997 and October 2016, the Pentagon invested $58 billion on weapons technology it never received. That doesn't include the boondoggle that is the F-35 jet , which was finally declared 'ready for combat' at the beginning of August. 
The FCS ($20 billion) and the Comanche ($9.8 billion) are just two of 23 major weapons programs that were canceled before they were finished, and together the two Army projects made up more than 50 percent of the 'sunk costs' outlined in the Pentagon's annual internal acquisitions performance review. The 224-page report by Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics Frank Kendall was published earlier this week. 
Read more 
The report noted how much money was spent on each canceled program, how far along in the process they were before they were killed, and if any of the technology was rolled up into new programs. For example, although the FCS was canceled, parts of it ‒ including many of the manned ground vehicles and the Intelligent Munitions System ‒ were swept up into a current program called the Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization Program. 
Most of the programs were killed before they blew through their budgets, but eight of them spent all the money allotted to them before the Pentagon canceled them, the report found. 
The Government Accountability Office, a Congressional watchdog, conducted an audit of Pentagon spending in 2011 and found $70 billion in waste, the New York Times reported at the time . Much of the overspending happened because the DOD started building weapons systems before the designs were fully tested, the auditors said. 
With acquisitions overruns long being a thorn in the side of the Pentagon's budget, in March the Air Force enlisted IBM's Jeopardy! -winning cognitive computer , Watson. Two contractors are currently working to create programs that would enable Watson to navigate the 1,897-page Federal Acquisition Regulation, helping potential government vendors actually bid for military contracts. The project is expected to become operational by 2018. 
Another way the Pentagon has sought to cut down wasted spending is through the latest update to its acquisitions program, called 'Better Buying Power 3.0', which was announced in April 2015 . The program was designed to have 'a stronger emphasis on innovation, technical excellence, and the quality of our products,' Kendall wrote in a memo ordering the program's implementation. It calls on the military-industrial complex to make projects more affordable in terms of funding, schedule and manpower throughout the entire lifespan of their products. It will also reward contractors for successful expense management, and ask them to eliminate unproductive processes and unnecessary bureaucracy. 
Of course, holding contractors accountable for their failures when it comes to major cost overruns or weapons systems that don't work is easier said than done. And it doesn't help when someone at the Pentagon thinks it's a good idea to spend money on bomb-sniffing elephants . 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

British welfare system to blame for migrant crisis, claims Calais deputy mayor British welfare system to blame for migrant crisis, claims Calais deputy mayor By 0 151 
A French politician has blamed Britain for the crisis in Calais, claiming it was the UK's welfare system that drove so many migrants to gather in the border town. 
Philippe Mignonet, the deputy mayor of Calais, believes the demolition of the 'Jungle' refugee camp will not stop the thousands of migrants from congregating in the French port town in the hope of crossing the English Channel. 
Read more 
'The UK government says it does not want any more migrants but it never expels migrants who get there,' Mignonet told the Daily Mail . 
'They claim benefits and housing, and all we get is the British-funded wall and fences.' 
For Mignonet, the £2 million (US$2.4 million) British-funded wall being built around the loading area of the Eurotunnel, which allows goods trucks to come from France into Britain, is simply not enough. 
'What English city would accept a fence and a wall being built by another country on their land? If the British government want to improve matters, they should come and talk to the city of Calais,' he added. 
Mignonet invited Prime Minister Theresa May to visit the town, and even offered to give her a covert ride from the airport. 
'I have a car with dark windows, so she doesn't have to be seen,' Mignonet said. 
'Calais was once part of England, and we have often worked together in the past. We can work together again. The people of Britain made their choice about Brexit, and some of those choices mean they will face difficulty, but putting walls and fences up here is not right.' 
The wall, which is seen as a blight on the coastal town, could also affect the price of the land once occupied by the Jungle camp, which will soon be ready for private development. 
'This is at the door of England, and near to the shuttle terminal for trucks,' Mignonet said. 'What better place for British businesses to come?' Tighter border 
The British public appears unmoved by French concerns. A new poll suggests most Brits would rather see their borders tightly secured than stay in the single market. 
According to a poll commissioned by ITV, 58 percent of Brits approve of May's Brexit strategy of prioritizing immigration controls over the negotiation of the UK's access to the single market. Only a quarter were against. 
Just over 40 percent of those asked insisted EU trade benefits should be prioritized throughout the divorce. However, a similar Sky News poll found the opposite to be the case. 
A breakdown of the data, however, showed twice as many older Brits support May's 'hard Brexit' and immigration control policies as the younger demographic. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Fighting Racism Where White Workers Are Hurting, Too Fighting Racism Where White Workers Are Hurting, Too By 0 118 
Since 2011, Maine's bombastic Republican governor Paul LePage has given America a taste of what it might be like to live under a Donald Trump presidency. 
Like Trump, LePage has made outrageous comments against immigrants and communities of color. They include telling the NAACP to 'kiss my butt,' publicly complaining about 'guys with the name D-Money, Smoothie, Shifty' selling drugs and impregnating 'young, white' girls , and blaming 'illegals' for spreading diseases like HIV — all while cutting funding to cities that offered health care and other assistance to undocumented immigrants. 
After five years of LePage practicing an extreme form of wedge politics, people like Ben Chin are working to heal the resulting divisions in Maine. 
Chin, the 31-year-old grandson of an undocumented Chinese immigrant, has been working with the Maine People's Alliance to rally support from white working class neighborhoods for a series of progressive ballot measures this November. (Photo: David McSpadden / Flickr) 
Countering the racist and nativist appeals of candidates like LePage and Trump, their goal is to get people to reject the politics of scapegoating immigrants and people of color and to instead focus on the real causes of — and solutions to — their economic distress. 
'We're starting out a conversation in which we're making it clear we're on their side,' Chin said in a recent phone interview. 'That's the foundation that gets laid for whatever comes next.' 
These conversations are based on the research and experience of a broad range of grassroots organizations that have been struggling to get working-class white voters across the nation to see beyond the color line. 
Chin got a personal taste of division politics when he was racially caricatured during his 2015 run for mayor of Lewiston, Maine. During his campaign, a local businessman paid for billboards that said, 'Don't vote for Ho Chi Chin. Vote for more jobs not more welfare.' 
Since then, Chin's turned his political focus to ballot initiatives that include increasing the state's minimum wage and levying a 3 percent tax on household incomes over $200,000 a year. 
Chin and his fellow Maine People's Alliance members don't have a 'silver bullet' set of talking points that disarms the people they encounter with racist or anti-immigrant attitudes. Instead, they focus on questions that get people to think about their economic anxieties in a deeper way. 
One question they ask is, 'Why do you think some people are poor and other people are rich?' 
That opens up a discussion about the ways a small group of the wealthy and powerful are stacking the economic deck against ordinary people of all colors, with their black and brown neighbors feeling it the most because of America's history of systemic racism. 
Chin said he was particularly struck by a recent conversation with a voter in Auburn, Maine. The voter was undecided about whether to support a referendum that would increase the state's wage to $12 an hour by 2020. 
'One of his ideas was that 'certain people' were going to get a wage increase,' Chin said. 'We tried to unpack that.' 
They talked about his life experiences and whether he really believed that increasing the minimum wage was about helping some 'certain' group of undeserving freeloaders. 
Chin said that though this voter wasn't a 'raging justice activist' by the end of their conversation, he was more thoughtfully considering the minimum wage. 
Conversations like these are happening in many states around the country this election season, as progressives grapple with the mainstreaming of racist and nativist appeals by Trump and other far-right politicians. 
These types of empathetic conversations are the nemesis of the conservative-corporate elite who have engineered extreme wealth inequality and, for too many, the disappearance of the American dream. 
The last thing politicians who benefit from wedge politics want to see is working people across the nation transcending racial and cultural lines, and realizing those same politicians are the common source of their pain.

ARTICLE

Norwegian Government to Deport White Patriot While Nation is Swamped by Tens... Norwegian Government to Deport White Patriot While Nation is Swamped by Tens of Thousands of Non-White Invaders By 0 129 
Seven policemen searched Norwegian Nordic Resistance Movement member Ronny Bårdsen's apartment to find the Norwegian-Russian nationalist Yan Petrovskiy (also knnown as Veliki Slavian; pictured). He will be deported from Norway. The police informed Petrovskiy that he has two days to get a flight ticket and five to leave the country. 
The police wanted to see Petrovskiy's passport and know if he accepts the decision and leaves Norway voluntarily or if he has to be forced. Petrovskiy answered that according to the advice of his lawyer, Nils Christian Nordhus, he doesn't keep the passport in his apartment, and he will talk with his lawyer before giving an answer concerning his departure. 
After this Petrovskiy attempted to call his lawyer while the police were waiting, but because his lawyer didn't pick it up, the police decided to arrest Petrovskiy and search Bårdsen's apartment. Petrovskiy has lived in the address for some time and has been registered as a Norwegian resident. 
The real reason behind the search was to acquire Petrovskiy's passport, as without it he cannot be deported. Despite the efforts of the police, the passport was not uncovered. 
The decision about the deportation was made by the Directorate of Immigration (Utlendingsdirektoratet) after the Norwegian Police Security Service (PST) sent a letter to the directorate. In the letter PST stated that Petrovskiy was 'a threat to national security.' The police — in Norway, Rotherham, or anywhere…

ARTICLE

What Did Sen. Richard Black Learn In Syria? What Did Sen. Richard Black Learn In Syria? By 0 134 
Virginia State Senator Richard Black was curious about why the US seemed to be attacking only secular countries in the Middle East. Why attack Libya? Why Syria? So he decided to go over to Syria and see for himself. After meeting Syrian president Assad and speaking favorably about the situation with Christians under his rule, Sen. Black earned himself a place on ISIS's 'enemy list.' For not taking the Washington line that 'Assad must go' he also earned a place on the Washington Post's 'enemy list.' Are we on the wrong side in Syria? Today, with Sen. Black, on the Ron Paul Liberty Report:

ARTICLE

US undermining Daesh fight to get footing in Syria' 'US undermining Daesh fight to get footing in Syria' By 0 166 
The Pentagon's plan to launch an offensive against the Daesh (ISIL) terrorist group in Syria is only aimed at undermining a successful attempt by the Syrian government and its allies to defeat the terror group, says James Petras, an American political commentator. 
US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter told NBC News on Wednesday that the Pentagon is planning a ground offensive to oust Daesh from the Syrian city of Raqqah, the terror group's stronghold in the country. 
Carter, who was in Iraq earlier this week amid the ongoing battle to retake the city of Mosul from Daesh, said the Raqqah offensive would begin when Iraq's second largest city is cleared. 
He claimed that US forces won't be directly involved in any of the operations. 
'This is a ploy to have the US in northern Syria,' Petras said, arguing that the US was seeking to undermine international efforts to defeat Daesh in a bid to reinforce its own foothold in the conflict-ridden country. 
'I…

ARTICLE

Deepwater Horizon Continues to Impact Public Health Deepwater Horizon Continues to Impact Public Health By 1 135 
It's hard to believe that the Deepwater Horizon incident, which discharged over 200 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico, happened six years ago. What's not hard to believe is that the environmental health implications of the spill are stubbornly lingering. 
Gulf residents of variety of species are paying a high price for it — so high that litigation against BP for its role in the spill, officially deemed ' negligent ,' is likely to continue for decades as people fight to get help with ongoing medical expenses. 
Last year, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced that the spill was linked to an uptick in dolphin deaths , illustrating that this unprecedented release of petroleum products in the Gulf had a lasting health impact for animals. 
Similarly, abnormalities in heart development among fish have also been connected to Deepwater Horizon exposure. Part of the problem is that sediments remain coated in oil and sludge . Because it was impossible to clean up every drop of crude from the Gulf, the oil that settled to the bottom continues to interfere with the embryonic development of a range of fish species. 
But humans aren't doing too well either. 
In the aftermath of the spill, people were exposed both to crude petroleum and to Corexit , a chemical dispersant used in unprecedented volumes during the cleanup. 
Subsequent research has shown that in addition to having some hazardous health effects on its own, the combination of Corexit and the type of crude spilled during the Deepwater Horizon incident packs a hefty punch for marine animals. 
In the weeks following the spill, first responders reported symptoms like rashes, respiratory problems, headaches, seizures and depression. In response to the complains, agencies closely monitored these individuals. 
As the years went by, enough significant health problems arose for a class action lawsuit against BP. The company eventually agreed to a settlement that included the potential for…

ARTICLE

On the Unbearable Lightness of Whiteness On the Unbearable Lightness of Whiteness By Photo by Backbone Campaign | CC BY 2.0 
To be white and from money is to live a life of largely unrecognized privilege, bequeathed as it is from one's first wet, howling breath. In the affluent socio-economically partitioned town of Saratoga Springs, NY where I'm from there was actually a railroad track serving as the demarcation line between affluent whites residing on one side and the other side of which nothing was known because you just didn't go there, ever. It was literally the 'wrong side of the tracks'. 
Raised in that remarkable state of incurious joy and suffering within narrow undiluted lines of stratified suburban sameness, I could not know or question the things kept from sight. Thus racial determinism was assumed passively, an acquired naivete fueled with the aspirational angst of middle class parenting that served as an omniscient narcotic fog, like carbon monoxide – not enough to be lethal, but just enough to render the critical faculties permanently dull until finally the things kept from sight could no longer be seen even upon close observation. 
To be white is to watch but not see while being seen but never watched. It is to know that for whatever law enforcement is or is not, they are something that will never have anything to do with me. It is to know that on those rare occasions I am pulled over, it really is about a busted tail light. 
To be white is to know that when a retail clerk approaches me, its about customer service and not the…

ARTICLE

Why the Left Loves the New Cold War Why the Left Loves the New Cold War By 0 134 
The Clinton campaign's full-scale effort to turn this election into a referendum on Vladimir Putin is causing liberals like Katrina vanden Heuvel, editor of The Nation , and Glenn Greenwald , the energizing force behind The Intercept , much heartburn. Here is Ms. van den Heuvel wondering what the heck is going on : 
'How does new Cold War – which ends space for dissent, hurts women & children, may lead to nuclear war – help what Clinton claims she is for?' 
According to both vanden Heuvel and Greenwald, the Clintonian assault on Russia – the crude, J. Edgar-Hooverish smear campaign conducted against WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, and especially Donald Trump – is an opportunistic deviation from 'true' progressive values. It's a corruption of American liberalism that has nothing to do with ideology and everything to do with winning the election. As Greenwald puts it , in answer to vanden Heuvel's question: 
'Exploiting Cold War rhetoric & tactics has helped her win the election. I guess the idea is: deal with the aftermath and fallout later.' 
Yet this evades what Mrs. Clinton and her supporters have clearly stated about the alleged immediacy and seriousness of the 'threat' represented by Russia under Putin. 
Clinton has likened Putin to Hitler – and hasn't that always been the prologue to a regime change operation by the United States? Remember that Saddam Hussein was supposed to be the Iraqi incarnation of Hitler . Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic was also another ' Hitler .' If we go back far enough, we can recall how George Herbert Walker Bush said that Manuel Noriega was ' worse than Hitler .' 
Instant Access to Current Spot Prices & Interactive Charts 
The ideological underpinning of this nonsense is part and parcel of the American liberal canon, which valorizes World War II as the 'good war' – a heroic struggle against fascism by the forces of progressivism and Goodness – which was only opposed by anti-Semitic cretins and Hitler apologists (a.k.a. 'isolationist' conservatives). And it goes deeper than that, for progressivism is an ideology that seeks universal moral 'uplift' – not only on the home front but on a global scale. 
Woodrow Wilson's argument for getting us into World War I – arguably the most futile and unjustifiable conflict ever to be engaged in by the United States – was that it was a 'war to end all wars,' a struggle to bring the benefits of democracy and national self-determination to the long-suffering peoples of the world. And this was echoed by the collectivist intellectuals who provided the amen corner for Wilson's war. One such cheerleader was the philosopher John Dewey, who hailed the war as the beginning of the end of laissez-faire because 'private property had already lost its sanctity' and 'industrial democracy is on the way.' The revered avatar of American liberalism, Walter Lippmann, in a speech uttered as America was entering the war, enthused: 
'We who have gone to war to insure democracy in the world will have raised an aspiration here that will not end with the overthrow of the Prussian autocracy. We shall turn with fresh interests to our own tyrannies — to our Colorado mines, our autocratic steel industries, sweatshops, and our slums. A force is loose in America. Our own reactionaries will not assuage it. We shall know how to deal with them.' 
Tied in to the campaign for progressive 'reform' was a religious factor: the postmillennial pietist movement that swept the country in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century. Stamping out 'sin' and stamping out the alleged evils of capitalism were sentiments inextricably intertwined: thus we saw the advent of the ' Social Gospel .' The Prohibitionist movement was a key source of the early progressive movement. Yet as the educated classes – the political class – shed the remnants of religious belief, their determination to stamp out 'sin' was hardly extinguished: it just took on new, secularized forms. 
The modern definition of 'vice' was shifted to conform to the new religion of political correctness: instead of drunkenness, prostitution, and other avenues of self-gratification, the new vices have been redefined as 'racism,' 'homophobia,' 'xenophobia,' and all the rest of the 'phobias' and 'isms' denounced by Hillary Clinton in her infamous 'basket of deplorables' speech . Indeed, her condemnation of Trump supporters as 'irredeemable' is couched in the very language used by the old-time religionists who saw their political and social enemies as instruments of Satan headed straight for the lowest rungs of Hell. 
And this messianic impulse to cleanse humanity of 'sin' wasn't limited to a single country, the United States: if the human race was going to be made ready for the Second Coming it first – according to the postmillennial pietists – had to undergo the reign of virtue for a thousand years. The Kingdom of God on earth – the entire earth – had to be established: then and only then would the redeemed by saved and ushered into Eternity, whilst the 'irredeemables' would burn in hellfire forevermore.

ARTICLE

Report from the Refugee Camp in Calais, France: 'the Jungle' Report from the Refugee Camp in Calais, France: 'the Jungle' By 0 114 'I was in jail with a Libyan man, his friends came and broke into the jail and let us go, too. There was fighting everywhere. You pray to be in jail with Libyans, because they do not recognize the current government, they will do what they want.' (spoken by a refugee in 'the Jungle') Forty-two percent of the people who came to the Jungle are from warring parts of Sudan and South Sudan; thirty-two percent are from Afghanistan. Others are from Syria, Yemen, Iraqi Kurdistan, Pakistan, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Egypt, and more; they have crossed between 6 and 13 countries to arrive in Calais, with their final goal to reach the U.K. In Calais, it seems they are facing the hardest border to cross. A plume of smoke rises from the Sudanese quarter of 'The Jungle' in Calais as police begin demolishing the refugee camp. (Photo credit:Alexandra Vuillard) There are many who have died or been seriously injured in their attempts to cross the border to the U.K. One couple was trying to cross by train. Her boyfriend made it on; she leapt, wrapped her arms around him, but did not get her bottom half onto the train. She was cut in half. He was deeply traumatized by her tragic death. In another case, a brother and sister tried to cross to the U.K. by truck. They were both hit on the road; he died and she is in the hospital. Most people from the Jungle Camp who are in the hospital were wounded in accidents while trying to get into the U.K. Broken bones and deep cuts on arms,…

ARTICLE

University Of Iowa Triggered By Flyers Opposing Anti-White Propaganda University Of Iowa Triggered By Flyers Opposing Anti-White Propaganda By By Reinhard Wolff | redice.tv 
Tired of anti-White propaganda in college? If so, you must be a terribly hateful human being. Funny how that works, isn't it? 
Notice how these flyers were said to 'target the Latino, Native American, African American and LGBTQ communities' – despite neglecting to mention them. 
The message is clear: The very existence of unapologetic White people is an affront to these anti-White degenerates. 
Props to whoever did this.

ARTICLE

US abstains from UN vote calling for end to Cuban embargo US abstains from UN vote calling for end to Cuban embargo By 0 94 
The US government abstained from the UN vote on a resolution calling for an end to the US economic embargo against Cuba, for the first time in 24 years. 
The 193-member General Assembly adopted the resolution with 191 votes in favor on Wednesday. The only other abstention, besides the US, was Israel. The vote is non-binding but it can have political weight. 
Cuba's Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez described the abstention as a 'positive step for the future of improving relations between the United States and Cuba,' according to Reuters. 
Rodriguez said in September that the embargo cost Cuba $4.6 billion last year, and the full damage over the length of the 50-year embargo was estimated at $125.9 billion. 
When it was first announced that the US government would abstain from the vote, the entire General Assembly applauded. 
'Abstaining on this resolution does not mean that the United States agrees with all of the policies and practices of the Cuban government. We do not,' Samantha Power the US Ambassador to the United Nations told the General Assembly on Tuesday. 
'We are profoundly concerned by the serious human rights violations that the Cuban government continues to commit with impunity against its own people,' she said, according to AP. 
The Obama administration began normalizing relations with the Communist-run country in at the end of 2014, easing trade and travel restrictions. On July 20, 2015, diplomatic relations were restored, and embassies in the two countries were reopened. 
Lifting the full embargo will take the support of the Republican-run Congress, which remains critical of the administration's efforts, arguing it offered too many concessions to Cuba and accepted little in return, especially on human rights and the restoration of expropriated property. 
Obama made the first visit to Havana by a US president in 88 years in March. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Rwanda & The Philippines rate better than UK for gender equality, study... Rwanda & The Philippines rate better than UK for gender equality, study shows By 0 127 
Britain is lagging behind countries including Rwanda, the Philippines and Nicaragua in a global ranking of gender parity, slipping to 20th place on the World Economic Forum (WEF) index. 
Read more 
The WEF, a not-for-profit based in Switzerland, analyzed data from 144 countries. It found the global gender gap has widened to its largest extent since 2008. It estimates economic gender parity won't be achieved for at least another 170 years. 
The US and Australia are even further behind than Britain, however, at 45th and 46th place respectively. 
The UK's 2016 rankings – which take into account key areas such as the economy, politics, education and health – mark a slide from ninth position in 2006. 
Britain sits at number 53 for economic participation. This reflects a drop in the number of women in senior and technical positions, as well as a reduction in the estimated income women earn compared to men. 
The UK is ranked 24th for political empowerment, because of a fall in the number of women parliamentarians, the WEF said. The figures do not take into account Prime Minister Theresa May's rise to Downing Street. 
Read more 
Rwanda, by contrast, has the highest share of women in parliament globally at 64 percent. 
Jemima Olchawski, head of policy and insight at the Fawcett Society, told the Express: 'It's unacceptable that Britain is languishing at 53rd in the world for economic participation, is only 24th for political empowerment and performs below average compared to our region. 
'The moral case for gender equality should be enough alone to motivate us to speed up the pace of change, but with evidence suggesting that improving gender equality could add £150 billion [US$183 billion] to our GDP it's also clear that we simply can't afford to wait.' 
The Philippines scored full marks on a measure of the birth ratio and life expectancy of women. 
WEF says the top 10 countries for gender parity are: Iceland

ARTICLE

US secretly using Tunisia airbase for drones spying on Libya: Sources US secretly using Tunisia airbase for drones spying on Libya: Sources By 0 184 
The US military forces have secretly been using an airbase in Tunisia for drone operations to gather intelligence from inside oil-rich Libya, officials say. 
The announcement was made by unnamed sources cited in a Washington Post report on Wednesday. 
Libya has been struggling to contain the Daesh Takfiri terrorists, who started expanding their presence in the country following the overthrow and death of longtime dictator, Muammar Gaddafi, in 2011. 
The base has apparently been in use since late June in an alleged effort to support the Libyan government's fight against the terrorists currently in control of the northern city of Sirte. 
The US has also been using bases in Niger and Djibouti but those ones are farther away. 
Efforts by the administration of President Barack Obama to Access the airbase were meant to keep drones and small Special Operations teams within striking distance of the militants and close a 'blind spot' for US and Western spy…

ARTICLE

500 rape threats in 4 days: Female MPs face constant abuse –... 500 rape threats in 4 days: Female MPs face constant abuse – report By 0 41 
Death threats and sexual harassment against female politicians are rife and eating away at democracy, according to a new international study of women MPs. 
A series of interviews with female MPs by the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) reveals that more than 40 percent had suffered death and rape threats, as well as intimations of physical violence or abduction, while serving in office. 
Read more 
Most abuse took place online and often included threats to their children also. 
One European MP claims to have received 'more than 500 threats of rape on Twitter' over a mere four days. 
IPU Secretary General Martin Chungong admitted the survey was small but representative. 
'It makes clear that the problem is much more widespread and under-reported than we realize,' he said. 
'The parliamentary community must speak out against sexism and harassment and make clear that it cannot be tolerated as the price to be paid for women's political involvement.' 
In May, British politicians launched the 'Reclaim the Internet' campaign to challenge online abuse. 
The scheme came after Labour MP Jess Phillips claimed she once received 5,000 Twitter notifications with users debating whether or not they would sexually assault her. There were more than 600 direct rape threats, she said. 
Hampstead and Kilburn MP, Tulip Siddiq, said she too received regular online abuse including threats on her life. 
One-time Labour leadership hopeful Angela Eagle was the target of homophobic abuse after challenging Jeremy Corbyn earlier this year. Her Wallasey constituency office was also vandalized when someone threw a brick through a window. 
Former Prime Minister David Cameron was once accused of sexist behavior towards Eagle after he told her to 'calm down, dear' during a Commons debate. 
'If a woman speaks loudly in parliament, she is 'shushed' with a finger to the mouth. That never happens when a man speaks loudly,' a European parliamentarian interviewed by the IPU said. 
Read more 
The IPU study also showed that more than one in five of all politicians quizzed has experienced sexual violence during their term, and one in three had witnessed attacks on colleagues in parliament. 
Almost 80 percent said they had been psychologically abused, causing them to suffer panic attacks or permanent trauma. 
According to the IPU report, female politicians 'said they must constantly deal with old-school thinking about their appearance, how they express themselves and behave, and the role they should play.' 
'More generally, their excessively or insufficiently feminine demeanour is a subject of regular and widespread comment, attacks and derision. The same is true of their conjugal status, emotional, sexual and family life, imagined or real,' it added. 
Despite this, the majority of women surveyed said the abuse would not stop them from running for another term in office. 
'Parliaments need to put their own house in order if they want to lead by example and stop discrimination and violence against women in all walks of life,' said Chungong. 
'The effectiveness of parliaments, progress toward equality between men and women and the vitality of democracy itself all depend on it. 
'The parliamentary community must speak out against sexism and harassment, and make clear that it cannot be tolerated as the price to be paid for women's political involvement.' 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton: A Hawk in the Wings Hillary Clinton: A Hawk in the Wings By 46 (Photo: Flickr/CSIS) 
When Barack Obama was running for office in 2008, he was determined to redirect U.S. military efforts away from the 'bad war' in Iraq and toward the 'good war' in Afghanistan. This commitment to extricate the U.S. military from the dismal aftermath of a botched exercise in regime change earned Obama the exaggerated designation of 'peace candidate.' 
Jump ahead eight years and listen to how history rhymes. Today, the Obama administration is reluctant to pour more resources into a failed regime change effort in Syria and far more intent on confronting the Islamic State in the battle for Mosul and, ultimately its capital of Raqqa. Once again, the 'good' war competes for attention with the 'bad' war. 
Meanwhile, the candidate that challenged Obama as too naïve and peace-loving back in 2008 is poised to succeed him as president. Once again, she has staked out a more hawkish position. And this time she has a large chunk of the foreign policy elite behind her. As Greg Jaffe wrote last week in The Washington Post: 
In the rarefied world of the Washington foreign policy establishment, President Obama's departure from the White House — and the possible return of a more conventional and hawkish Hillary Clinton — is being met with quiet relief. 
The Republicans and Democrats who make up the foreign policy elite are laying the groundwork for a more assertive American foreign policy, via a flurry of reports shaped by officials who are likely to play senior roles in a potential Clinton White House. 
The foreign policy elite is mercurial and amnesiac. It wasn't that long ago that this elite expressed not-so-quiet relief at George W. Bush's departure from the White House and the return of a more conventional and dovish Barack Obama. And what of the more assertive policy of Hillary Clinton? Now that the truly apocalyptic threat of Donald Trump is receding, the lesser catastrophes of a Clinton administration beckon: perhaps Libya II or an expanded role in Yemen. 
Still, as Jaffe points out, plenty of Obama's foreign policy advisors continue to warn of the considerable risks of greater U.S. military involvement in the region. And, as Josh Rogin suggested this week in his Post column, even Clinton's Middle East advisors are divided on this question. So, as it turns out, the foreign policy establishment has not quite established its position. 
The headlines are full of the ongoing tragedy of Aleppo and the upcoming showdown in Mosul. But then there's the battle that determines the battle. Forget the inanities of Donald Trump for a few moments to consider what's taking place behind the scenes. The latest skirmish over the future of U.S. foreign policy in the Middle East is about to begin. 
Is there still a chance to influence the trajectory of the hawk as she leaves behind the corpses of her challengers and wings her way to the White House? 
No Good Solutions 
It's remotely possible that the United States and its allies, if they'd acted quickly and with maximum power, could have helped to dislodge Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad during the Arab Spring by funding militias on the ground and providing them with air support. 
However, even if the Obama administration had embraced such a strategy, which then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton supported, Assad and his allies might have fought back to achieve the same kind of stalemate that prevails in Syria today. Or, if Assad had fallen, Syria might have descended into the same kind of maelstrom that has enveloped Libya. The cautionary example of Iraq, a truly poisonous gift from the George W. Bush administration, no doubt helped to stay Obama's hand. 
The options on offer today are no better than in 2012. The Obama administration backed a CIA plan to arm several thousand 'moderate' rebels to fight their way to power in Syria, and the CIA wants to increase the flow of weaponry. At best, these rebels have managed to achieve a punishing stalemate. At worst, as one unidentified U.S. official told The Washington Post , the units are 'not doing any better on the battlefield, they're up against a more formidable adversary, and they're increasingly dominated by extremists.' Sending more weapons for a ground offensive wouldn't do much, since the conflict is waged most effectively at the moment by air. Providing more sophisticated anti-aircraft weapons to the rebels would risk opposition from Turkey and escalation by Russia. 
Hillary Clinton, meanwhile, has proposed a 'no-fly zone' in northern Syria that would presumably create 'safe havens' for Syrians fleeing the conflict zones and facilitate humanitarian relief to those stuck in places like Aleppo. For Americans weary of a conflict that has killed hundreds of thousands of Syrians and turned millions into refugees, such a proposal has a certain appeal. Finally the United States would be doing something robust to increase the peace. 
But such a zone, as Clinton herself has admitted, is no pacifist solution. It would 'kill a lot of Syrians,' she said back in 2013 , and draw both the United States and NATO more deeply into the military conflict. And then there's the problem of World War III when U.S. planes start shooting down Russian bombers. Ben Rhodes listed the Obama administration's reasons for opposing such a zone: 
If you had an area of geography in Syria where planes couldn't fly over it, people would still be killing each other on the ground. ISIL doesn't have planes, so that doesn't solve the ISIL problem. They would still be able to massacre people on the ground. And we would have to devote an enormous amount of our resources — which are currently devoted to finding ISIL and killing them wherever they are — to maintaining this no-fly zone. 
A third option would be to focus less on Assad in Syria and more on the Islamic State (or ISIL), which has emerged as Obama's preferred strategy. But that plan has its own problems. The administration has emphasized the role of Iraqi forces in liberating their own city of Mosul. But the campaign relies heavily on U.S. air strikes as well as the participation of half of the 5,000 American troops that are still on the ground in Iraq. The recapture of Mosul, even if successful, could drag on for many months, and the Islamic State is not the kind of entity that sues for peace. 
There will be no 'mission accomplished' moment for the Obama administration or its successor. Returning to its stateless mode if and when Raqqa falls, ISIS could prove even more dangerous for the United States and its allies as the terrorist outfit redirects its energies toward inflicting pain on its distant tormenters. 
Clinton and the Meatheads 
The Obama administration, for all its use of military force over the last eight years, at least has acknowledged the limited utility of that force. The president has time and again said that military intervention should not be the first tool deployed from the national security toolbox. Despite all the 'just war' realism he included in his Nobel Peace Prize speech, Obama has pushed back against his more gung-ho advisors, including Hillary Clinton, who have clung to the notion that the U.S. military can determine facts on the ground. 
Like Donald Trump, the foreign policy elite in Washington yearns to be unshackled. After a mere eight years in which diplomacy narrowly edged out militarism, this elite has forgotten the lessons of the George W. Bush era. Historically, this is no surprise. John Kenneth Galbraith once said , 'The foreign policy elite was always the world's biggest collection of meatheads.' As an economist, Galbraith knew a meathead when he saw one. Such meatheads are doomed to repeat the history that they didn't understand even as they were living through it. 
It's relatively easy to point out the flaws in the various options available to the Obama administration in Syria and Iraq. In order to preserve the better parts of the Obama legacy — the nuclear deal with Iran, the elevation of diplomacy, the willingness to lead from behind — what can be done short of cordoning off the entire Middle East and retreating into a fortress of solitude? 
First of all, the next administration should widen its engagement with Iran beyond the narrow focus on nuclear issues. Any sustainable solution in Syria and Iraq will require the involvement of Iran — the posturing of the recent Center for American Progress report on U.S. policy in the Middle East notwithstanding. Pursuing economic and political engagement with Tehran must include a place at the table for the Rouhani administration in negotiations on Iraq and Syria. It's time to stop complaining about Iranian 'meddling' and instead take advantage of the country's cross-border influence. 
The United States also has to rebuild a working relationship with Russia. I'm no fan of Vladimir Putin, and I've devoted several columns to what I find objectionable in Russian policy in Ukraine, Syria, and elsewhere. But if the United States could negotiate important agreements with the Soviet Union during the Cold War, surely we can find a modus operandi with the current residents of the Kremlin. Finding common ground in the Middle East can have additional spillover benefits for arms control and perhaps even reducing tensions in Eastern Europe. 
Regime change in Syria is a mirage at the moment. Assad is not going anywhere as long as he can count on the firm support of Russia and Iran. Yes, he's a war criminal. But to prevent the further commission of war crimes, sometimes it's necessary to make a deal with the devil. His punishment will come eventually — just as it did for Slobodan Milosevic six years after the Dayton Accords. In the meantime, Washington has to pursue a diplomatic deal that stops punishing ordinary Syrians every day. 
The Islamic State, however, is not a force that is subject to negotiations. I don't foresee a non-military solution to the specific problem of the would-be caliphate's territorial ambitions. But the United States should not head up this fight. ISIS wants nothing better than a epic confrontation with America. Syrians and Iraqis must take the lead against IS, with Turkey, Iran, and even the Gulf States playing crucial roles. In the best-case scenario, admittedly a long shot, the terrorist faction inadvertently reduces the conflict between the Shia and Sunni states that cooperate in its annihilation. 
The CIA plan, the no-fly zone, the military focus on the Islamic State — these are not long-term strategies. They are proposals that satisfy a bipartisan foreign policy elite that bays for 'something to be done.' The true challenge for the next administration is to resist the call of the meatheads. 
But that won't happen without a counterforce that brings together a set of NGOs working for peace in the region, some sympathetic politicians and officials, and a group of foreign policy experts who have not fallen prey to the amnesia that periodically descends upon the Beltway concerning the destructive impact of U.S. military intervention. 
Donald Trump is almost history. The far more complex challenge of Clinton's Middle East policy awaits.

ARTICLE

Outrage as May's real idea of Brexit at Goldman Sachs speech leaks Outrage as May's real idea of Brexit at Goldman Sachs speech leaks By 0 57 
British Prime Minister Theresa May is facing growing criticism over her comments about Brexit at a leaked private speech to Goldman Sachs. 
The premier, who has publicly made the case for a hard Brexit following a June referendum, speaks of the 'benefits' of being an EU member in the hour-long session, whose audio file was leaked to the Guardian on Tuesday night, drawing harsh criticism on Wednesday. 
'I think the economic arguments are clear. I think being part of a 500 million [population] trading bloc is significant for us. I think, as I was saying to you a little earlier, that one of the issues is that a lot of people will invest here in the UK because it is the UK in Europe,' she is heard saying. 'If we were not in Europe, I think there would be firms and companies who would be looking to say, do they need to develop a mainland Europe presence rather than a UK presence? So I think there are definite benefits for us in economic…

ARTICLE

An Appetite for Action on Tax Reform An Appetite for Action on Tax Reform By 0 33 
In a few short weeks, this election will be over, and the task of governing will fall on the winning candidate and the reshuffled Congress. At the top of the list of issues to address in the early months of 2017 should be reforming our broken tax code. 
Why should tax reform take center stage among the many issues plaguing the country? 
Because Americans desperately want to see rising inequality addressed. Concern over the issue drove the insurgent Bernie Sanders presidential campaign and is top among issues of importance to Democratic voters. 
Lest one think Sanders' primary loss gave the green light for inaction on inequality, note that the socialist senator from Vermont is currently the most popular politician in the country. (bright strangely / Flickr) 
The growing divides between the rich and the rest of us rank consistently among the most pressing issues facing all voters, not just Bernie supporters. In short, the public's appetite for action is high, and the next president as well as Congress would do well to listen to them. 
There are a number of drivers of inequality, but none are so obvious and so fixable as the deeply unfair tax code. 
A review of tax returns by the New York Times last year showed the top one thousandth of 1 percent — the richest of the rich — pay just 17.6 percent of their income in taxes. For context, the top tax rate in the country, intended to tax these very people, is more than double that figure, at 39.6 percent. 
Perhaps the most egregious poster child for the broken tax code is Donald J. Trump. The billionaire appears to pay zero federal income taxes . In other words, the major party presidential candidate has contributed nothing to the development of our roads and bridges, our schools and public parks, or any of the other essential public services that taxpayers make possible. 
But Trump's far from the only offender. 
Wealthy households and their armies of lawyers and accountants are able to dodge paying their fair share through loopholes they helped put in place. The same goes for the most profitable corporations, many of which have also dropped their federal income tax rate to zero . Plenty of these corporations are exploiting offshore tax shelters to avoid paying over $700 billion in taxes. 
It's now commonplace for these elites to spend millions to save billions on tax reform. Meanwhile, working and middle class families, who don't have millions to spend on lobbyists or 'creative' accountants, are left to fill the hole. 
The solutions to fix the tax code and thus make a dent in reversing inequality are straightforward. 
Close the expensive loopholes and offshore tax havens that only exist to encourage tax evasion. Update the tax code to ensure those who make their money via investments or inheritance pay taxes on their income the same way people who punch a time clock do. 
Of course, the simplicity of a solution doesn't imply it'll be easy. Powerful forces aligned to create the unfair tax code we have now, and they'll go to great lengths defending it. An equally powerful movement will be required to overcome this, on par with the social movements required for all the major steps forward our country has taken in its history. 
The conservative anti-tax activist Grover Norquist famously said, 'You win the tax issue, you win all the issues.' On this point, he was right.

ARTICLE

Toxic chemicals found in children's Halloween makeup – study Toxic chemicals found in children's Halloween makeup – study By 0 73 
Halloween is supposed to make your skin crawl, but not like this. A new study finds the scariest part of the holiday may not be the costumes, but makeup for kids. Out of 48 makeup palettes, almost half contained toxic heavy metals. 
Nearly 20 percent of makeup palettes contain lead and cadmium, according to the newly published study by the Breast Cancer Fund. The study found that some products contained as many as four metals, including arsenic and chromium. 
Nine of the palettes were found to contain lead, a chemical that is unsafe at any level, for children particularly. Parents may have purchased and applied these products to their children unwittingly, as the makeup doesn't have to list ingredients on their labels. 
The BCF may have been among the first to test the palettes, as the FDA does not regulate this particular product. 
' The FDA that regulates makeup does not have the power to require pre-market testing ,' Jen Coleman with the Oregon Environmental Council told KGW. 
The cosmetic safety law enacted 75 years ago does not require testing even for products marketed to children. While the FDA cannot do anything about the problem, they have issued guidelines to avoiding ' a rash, swollen eyelids, or other reaction ' this Halloween. 
The guidelines make no mention of potential heavy metal poisoning, but they do offer advice like ' Follow all directions carefully ,' and ' Don't decorate your face with things that aren't intended for your skin. ' 
What's a parent to do in the meantime? Other than use all-natural makeup, the best option is to avoid dark pigments. The BCF study found a correlation between the darkness of the color and the lead content. The darker the color, the more lead it was found to contain. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Canada's Foreign Policy and Academia Canada's Foreign Policy and Academia By 0 27 
Should social scientists seek the truth regardless of whose toes may be stepped on and cite, up front, possible conflicts of interest regarding matters they study? 
All academic disciplines claim independence of thought and transparency are principles that guide good research. So, what to make of a Canadian foreign policy discussion dominated by individuals with ties to the decision-making structures they study? 
The highly regarded Norman Paterson School of International Affairs (NPSIA) is a prime example. The oldest global affairs school in Canada, Carleton University's graduate program was established in 1965 with $400,000 ($5 million today) from long-time Senator Norman Paterson, a grain-shipping magnate. During World War II his company provided vessels for Atlantic convoys and Paterson was a major player within the Liberal Party. 
Twice under-secretary of External Affairs and leading architect of post-World War II Canadian foreign policy, Norman Robertson was the school's first director. Unhappy in a diplomatic post in Geneva, External Affairs colleagues secured Robertson the NPSIA position. During his time at Carleton, Robertson continued to be paid as a 'Senior Advisor' to External Affairs, overseeing a major review of a department concerned about growing criticism that it was acting as a U.S. 'errand boy' in Vietnam. 
The initial chair of Strategic Studies at NPSIA was a former deputy minister of Veterans Affairs and Canada's principal…

ARTICLE

Our Own Mandelas: Former Black Panthers Call for Release of Their Comrades Our Own Mandelas: Former Black Panthers Call for Release of Their Comrades By 0 61 
Some members of the Black Panther Party have been behind bars for more than four decades and are now suffering from poor health. In some cases, court documents show they were punished essentially for being in the black liberation struggle. Many continue to face parole board denials based on their relationship with the party. We discuss their cases with Sekou Odinga, a former Black Panther who was a political prisoner for 33 years and was released in November 2014. 
TRANSCRIPT 
AMY GOODMAN: Sekou Odinga, while you're out of jail, you're very much focused on those who are still in prison. Can you talk about some of those cases? 
SEKOU ODINGA: Yeah. We have a number of brothers left in the prisons, about 15 of them. And for the most part, they're in bad condition. Most of us are getting older, you know. I believe all of them is 60 years or older. They've been in prison for long periods of time. Many of them should have never been in prison at all. They were framed and illegally convicted. So, I've been trying to, as well as many of the other brothers—I know all three of the other brothers that's on this program with us have been advocating for the release of these other political prisoners, prisoners like Mumia Abu-Jamal, Sundiata Acoli, Mutulu Shakur, Robert Seth Hayes, Kamau Sadiki, Veronza Bowers. It's another—like I say, it's 15 from the party itself, and there's many other political prisoners in this country. 
You know, this country maintains that there is no political prisoners, that everybody is criminals, but it's just not true. You know, the same—the same things that we hurray and support in other places, like people like Nelson Mandela, our prisoners were doing the same thing, and they were captured and convicted of the same things. And we should remember them and treat them like the heroes they are. They earned that respect. Most of them, like I said, are getting older. A lot of them are sick. 
You know, a lot of them are being held even after the courts have…

ARTICLE

Dear Liberals: Trump is Right Dear Liberals: Trump is Right By Photo by Juliana Lopes | CC BY 2.0 

If the title of this article sent your blood pressure into the stratosphere, then you're much too susceptible to clickbait titles and knee-jerk politics. Yes, Trump is a right-wing populist using a not so finely blended cocktail of reactionary rhetoric, Reaganomic policy prescriptions, xenophobia, racism, and a sometime isolationist sometime belligerent foreign policy. 
Of course, none of this is worthy of support, though by his mere questioning of the holy writ of NATO scripture, Trump is the first presidential candidate in decades to substantively raise the issue of America's military power projection in Europe and around the world. Still, Trump's cynical questioning of NATO should not be taken to symbolize a move away from imperial policies and war, as I've noted repeatedly . 
But, for most liberals, Trump could argue in favor of puppies and kittens, and they'd proclaim that puppies and kittens are out of control and must be exterminated. Because anything Trump says or does is automatically offensive, paranoid, or just plain wrong. Trump said it, ipso facto it is wrong and crazy. 
However, beyond the superficiality of liberal talking points there lies a dirty secret, a specter haunting the dreams of the corporate liberal collective mind: sometimes Trump is right. 
[STUDIO AUDIENCE GASPS IN HORROR] 
No, it's not just his correctly railing against the disastrous effects of Clintonian trade policies which hath wrought the…

ARTICLE

Could Hillary Start World War III? Could Hillary Start World War III? By 0 48 
You can condemn that semi-isolationist 'America First'' mindset if you want, but the easiest way to prevent the next world war is simply to let the Russians have what they want, provided it makes no difference to you. 
Like Donald Trump or not – and I like him no more than, well, Hillary Clinton – there is one thing he might be good for. Peace. A small matter, I know, when set against his serial (alleged) philandering and worse, but worth pondering for a moment. A hideous, but necessary thought experiment runs something like this. 
What is the single most important relationship the United States of America could build to secure world peace? Why, the same one that, when it goes horribly wrong, leaves us all sliding towards testing the doctrine of mutually assured destruction in a nuclear age. Always a bit mad to end up there. Yes, that's right, the most important relationship is with the Russians , or, as we once knew them, the Soviets. They're the ones we need to get along with. 
Now this is where The Donald scores above his sensible, sane, intelligent and diplomatic Democratic opponent. Donald gets it. He gets that if you decide to run your foreign policy devoid of moral content with the sole guiding principle that 'my enemy's enemy is my friend' (copyright Joseph Stalin), then peace, cooperation, even alliance with Russia is possible, indeed desirable. 
Current Prices on popular forms of Silver Bullion 
The Russians, more than a little cynically, have asked the West for decades to join them in a war against 'Islamist terrorism', but which they principally mean the separatist movements in Chechnya and elsewhere. Donald Trump is the first presidential contender, more even than George W Bush, who looks like he'd actually want to take them up on the offer. Trump is fixated to the point of racism on the militant Islamist violence that he tells his fearful audience is 'just around the corner'. It is all too easy to imagine a state visit by Vladimir Putin to Washington where he is feted and falls into the arms (we hope no more) of an affectionate President Trump. The US-Russia Strategic Partnership would be the fruit of that particular liaison, with secret provisions, no doubt, on assassinating terrorist leaders, and public pledges on intelligence sharing, with the whole relationship consummated by series of joint bombing raids in Syria. They would share a goal to destroy Isis, even though they have not been able to do so recently, because it would be part of a wider cooperation. Such would be the new world order.

ARTICLE

Israel settlements legal, Trump aide says, playing anti-Iran video message on Mount... Israel settlements legal, Trump aide says, playing anti-Iran video message on Mount Zion By 0 60 
GOP nominee Donald Trump does not believe that settlements built by the Zionist regime of Israel in Palestine are illegal, his advisor on Israel says. 
David Friedman, who was campaigning for the New York billionaire at a restaurant on Mount Zion (Jabel Sahyoun) in East Jerusalem al-Quds, made the comments to AFP after the Wednesday rally. 
'I don't think he believes that the settlements are illegal,' Friedman said. 
He also said the former reality TV star is 'tremendously skeptical' about the so-called two-state solution, promoted by the Democratic administration of President Barack Obama during his eight years in office, but to no avail. David Friedman (L) exiting the Federal Building with Donald Trump and Ivanka Trump, (R) following their appearance in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Camden, New Jersey, February 25, 2010. (Photo via Bloomberg News) 
The Obama administration has already voiced criticism over Tel Aviv's expansionist policies, considered illegal…

ARTICLE

Invasion From Mexico Steps Up Invasion From Mexico Steps Up By 0 56 There has been a marked increase in the number of nonwhite invaders pouring across the Mexican–U.S. border in the last few weeks. Border guards say that the invaders are spurred on by the belief that they will be given amnesty if Hillary Clinton wins the presidential election. According to a report in the New York CBS Local, 'dozens' of invaders have been streaming through the streets of McAllen, Texas, on a daily basis. 'They have been taken to a migrant center at Sacred Heart Catholic Church where they were released by Border Patrol, with ankle monitors, while they file for asylum,' CBS said. Border patrol agent Chris Cabrera told CBS News that they've been seeing a spike in immigrants crossing the U.S.–Mexico border illegally, thanks in part to the election. 'The smugglers are telling them if Hillary [Clinton] gets elected, that there'll be some sort of amnesty, that they need to get here by a certain date,' Cabrera said.

ARTICLE

UKIP MEPs Steven Woolfe & Mike Hookem reported to French police over... UKIP MEPs Steven Woolfe & Mike Hookem reported to French police over Strasbourg scuffle By 0 61 
MEPs Steven Woolfe and Mike Hookem have been reported to French police over an altercation at the EU's Strasbourg parliament, which saw Woolfe hospitalized and plunged crisis-hit UKIP into further turmoil. 
European Parliament President Martin Schulz said he had referred the 'regrettable' incident to the French authorities 'given the seriousness of the reported facts and their possible criminal implications.' 
Schulz says he had been recommended to do so by the European Parliament's advisory committee on conduct, according to the Press Association. Following recommendation of EP Advisory Committee on Code of Conduct, I referred incident involving MEPs Hookem and Woolfe to FR authorities 
— EP President (@EP_President) October 26, 2016 Based on the result of the investigations, I will then take a decision about sanctions to be imposed according to EP rules 
— EP President (@EP_President) October 26, 2016 
'The committee concluded that the versions of the facts given by the two members involved diverged substantially and the facts seem to have happened in the absence of direct witnesses,' he told the parliament. 
Read more 
'It also stressed that given the seriousness of the reported facts and their possible criminal implications, further evidence is needed to clarify this matter. 
'As a result I have decided to follow the recommendation of the advisory committee and I have referred this matter to the competent French authorities. 
'Based on the result of the investigations, I will then take a decision about a sanction to be imposed.' Hookem off the hook 
An internal investigation by UKIP published on Wednesday afternoon ruled Hookem should not be held responsible for the altercation. 
' In the absence of eye witnesses, the true facts of what took place in the ante room itself are impossible to determine and neither man has made an official complaint to the party over the incident. ' 
Despite the ruling, party investigators went into a detailed hypothesis as to what took place in the ante room between Hookem and Woolfe. The only thing it determines with any certainty is that ' the door was open prior to Mr Woofle's fall. ' 
The investigation concludes Hookem was not close enough to the ante room door to open it himself, and so it is ' reasonable to assume that Mr Woolf opened the door whilst attempting to exit the ante room backwards. ' 
' The investigation does find it unlikely that Hookem was in a position to be able to push Woolfe through the door, given where he was standing in the ante room immediately afterwards, but in the absence of an eye witness, it cannot make a definite determination .' 
While the report lets Hookem off the hook, it actually finds a series of quotes given by Woolfe to the Daily Mail earlier this month to have brought the party into ' disrepute .' 
' Had Mr Woolfe continued his membership of the party, a disciplinary panel would have been convened to investigate these quotes ,' the report concludes. Crying Woolfe 
Woolfe quit UKIP last week, abandoning his leadership bid, and branded the party 'ungovernable' without Nigel Farage as leader and the EU referendum to unite supporters. 
He will now sit as an independent in the European Parliament. 
Woolfe stands by the claim he 'received a blow' from Hookem during an altercation at a private meeting of UKIP MEPs, where they were discussing Woolfe's rumored plan to defect to the Conservatives. 
Woolfe says the incident caused him to suffer two seizures, partial paralysis and the loss of feeling in his face and body. He says he issued a police complaint. 
Hookem denies hitting Woolfe. 
The fallout from the incident has continued with claims Woolfe has been warned about 'inappropriate behavior' by senior party figures. 
Hookem has also claimed Woolfe signed for £276 (US$300) in daily allowances at the European Parliament three times while recovering from his injuries earlier this month. 
Woolfe had been seen as a frontrunner in the race to replace Diane James, whose term as UKIP leader lasted just 18 days. 
Among the other contenders are Suzanne Evans, Paul Nuttall and Raheem Kassam. 
Also running is John Rees-Evans, who apologized this week over a 2014 claim that a ' homosexual donkey ' tried to rape his horse. He described the comments as ' playful banter .' 
The new UKIP leader will be announced on November 28. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Police warn of eviction 'at any time' as Dakota Access protesters refuse... Police warn of eviction 'at any time' as Dakota Access protesters refuse to leave private land By 0 101 
Despite officers threatening to clear private land, Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) protesters are refusing to leave. As tensions have built up, police handling of the protest has reportedly cost nearly $6 million in just one month. 
'We have the resources. We could go down there at any time and we are trying everything we can to not have to do that,' Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney told reporters on Wednesday. 
Protesters have been occupying private land known as Cannonball Ranch, which belongs to the Dakota Access Pipeline's developer, the Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners. 
Since the weekend, both the company and law enforcement have been asking dozens of protesters to leave the area and move to public land. The occupation began Sunday, when demonstrators set up a new camp of at least 15 tents and 100 teepees. They have also blocked State Highway 1806, putting themselves directly in the path of the planned 1,172-mile pipeline, which will span four states. 
'Just come off the private property, go back to the big camp and let's talk and try figure out the solution for this. Their message was absolutely not, we are standing here,' Laney said, adding that 'at some point rule of law has to be enforced.' 
Energy Transfer Partners also said in a statement that 'all trespassers will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and removed from the land.' More than 125 people were arrested over the weekend, but the message had no effect on the protest. 
Demonstrators have refused to vacate the land or leave State Highway 1806, keeping traffic and local residents from using the road. Dozens of protesters formed a human blockade, enforced with horses and hay bales. 
'No surrender, no retreat!' protest organizer Mekasi Camp-Horinek, of Oklahoma, reportedly yelled to the people as he left negotiations. 
'We've got to make our bodies a living sacrifice,' John Perko, a protester from South Dakota told The Bismarck Tribune. 'This is the most honorable thing I could be doing right now.' 
Last week, the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, which has been leading the protest since August, agreed to provide its land to relocate the unauthorized camp from the US Army Corps of Engineers property for the winter. 
As police try to abstain from using force, even the peaceful handling of the protests appears to be draining the budget at high speeds. 
According to the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services, authorities have spent $5.8 million since early September. This is nearly all of the $6 million the state borrowed from the Bank of North Dakota in emergency funds to deal with the protest against the $3.78 billion pipeline. 
Meanwhile, an investigation into a September 3 confrontation between protesters and private security guards has revealed license violations. It says that officers who deployed dogs on protesters were not properly licensed and could face criminal charges. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

In haunted Salem, a Jewish church founder preaches the art of 'Satanic'... In haunted Salem, a Jewish church founder preaches the art of 'Satanic' social change By 0 105 
Here is a story out of Times of Israel about a Jew practizing Satanism, calling it 'social change.' Even in NY times, they call this same Satanist church simply a ' Mischievous Thorn ' in the side – of what they surley consider – problematic Conservative Christianity. Take note that even Satanists get a fair and objective treatement in these mainstream publications. Even some sources on the left are trying to have you sympathize with pedophiles . What you NEVER will see however, is a fair and objective treatement of anyone that is on the right, be that Alt-Right or much less a 1488'er. You see Satanists and pedophiles are 'better' human beings, in the eye's of these cultural Marxsts, compared to ethnically aware White people that are resisting their demographic replacement. Here is the story from Time of Israel: 
I see it like Buddhism. Satanism is something that can co-exist with being a Jew' 
At a former funeral home in a town inextricably linked to witchcraft, secular Jew Malcolm Jarry opens a new heaquarters for his Satanic Temple, a controversial movement with up to 50,000 members worldwide. 
Just in time for Halloween, a controversial Satanic temple has set up its international headquarters in Massachusetts' beloved Salem. 
Located one-mile from historic sites tied to Salem's 1692 witchcraft hysteria, the building — a former funeral home — was inaugurated last month by activist Malcolm Jarry, a self-described 'secular Jew' who co-founded The…

ARTICLE

0 82 
Looking over the global landscape, the areas most touched by US interventionist foreign policy are objectively in the worst, most desperate shape. The mainstream media will report that the current disaster in Syria came about because the people decided to stand up to a cruel dictator in the 'Arab Spring' that swept through the greater […]

ARTICLE

Consultant tied to Trump super PAC promoted 'voter suppression' against black, female... Consultant tied to Trump super PAC promoted 'voter suppression' against black, female voters By 0 98 
Donald Trump may call the 2016 election 'rigged,' but a consultant connected to the Great America PAC, a pro-Trump super PAC, told reporters that the group has a suppression campaign in the works, believing them to be representatives of a potential donor. 
Political consultant Jesse Benton is once again in hot water. After journalists from The Telegraph introduced themselves to the former Senator Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) aide as lawyers representing a potential Trump donor who was also a Chinese national, Benton proceeded to not only tell them how to donate to Trump's campaign despite it being against federal election law, but also discussed attempts to suppress votes in Cleveland, Ohio. 
This isn't Benton's first time engaging in politically and legally questionable behavior. In May, he had to take a step back from his role at the Great America PAC after pleading guilty to buying an endorsement for presidential candidate Ron Paul in 2012, during his time as campaign manager. Benton was sentenced to two years of probation. 
The undercover reporters first contacted the PAC's co-chairman, Eric Beach, who was filmed telling them that their Chinese client would be ' remembered ' if Trump becomes president, The Telegraph reported . 
Beach proceeded to refer them over to Benton, claiming he was a consultant. When they met with Benton, he discussed the Trump campaign's plans in the swing state of Ohio. Referring to Hillary Clinton's support in Ohio, he said: ' In Cleveland, if we can…turn her to regular turnout levels, she's gonna lose about 60,000 votes in that area – that's a dead heat. ' 
' So we have a voter suppression campaign quite frankly, targeting African-Americans, and sort of suburban moms, just bad stuff about Hillary, just trying to take their taste for her away, ' he explained. 
When it came to the issue of how the Trump campaign would be able to accept money from a Chinese national without arousing suspicion, Benton explained that he would channel the cash through a dark money tunnel. 
Super PACs make use of non-profit organizations to collect money from donors because 501(c)4 nonprofit groups are allowed to donate funds to political campaigns without disclosing who their donors are. Benton said he could accept the offered $2 million contribution from the non-existent Chinese donor by having the money sent to his company, which would then pass it on to one or two more non-profits. 
The Great America PAC has tried to distance itself from Benton. Dan Backer, a lawyer for Great America, told The New York Times that ' I think it's pretty clear that someone who used to work for the organization decided to leverage that former relationship for his own purposes. ' 
Backer suggested that Benton had exaggerated his role in the PAC, telling The Telegraph that Benton was engaging in ' puffery and self-promotion. ' 
Benton has denied any wrongdoing, claiming that the reporters were brought to him as a ' business referral ' from Beach and that the clip was actually a part of a ' public affairs contract, ' The Telegraph reported. 
The Trump campaign claims to have severed ties with the PAC, releasing a statement saying it ' publicly disavowed this group back in April. This is public via Federal Election Commission filings. ' 
However, it was just a month ago that Trump's son Eric and former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani spoke at a Great America PAC fundraiser, Raw Story reported . 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

British banker took 60g of cocaine while torturing & killing prostitute, court... British banker took 60g of cocaine while torturing & killing prostitute, court told By 0 137 
British banker Rurik Jutting took up to 60 grams of cocaine while torturing and killing a prostitute, a Hong Kong court has heard. He is also alleged to have harbored fantasies of returning to the UK to kidnap and abuse teenage girls. 
The 30-year-old is on trial for the murder of two Indonesian women in his flat in the former British colony and finance hub. 
In a video seen by authorities, Jutting is heard bragging about the massive amount of cocaine he had taken over the course of the three-day torture of his first victim, 23-year-old Sumarti Ningsih. 
He told police he derived a ' sense of enjoyment he never had before ' from his actions and knew then that he would kill again. 
Read more 
Jutting, formerly a banker at Bank of America Merrill Lynch who studied at the University of Cambridge, has denied murder but admitted to manslaughter. 
He was arrested in 2014 after the bodies of Ningsih and a second Indonesian woman, 26-year-old Seneng Mujiasih, were found in his apartment. 
Interview tapes played in the courtroom reveal some of Jutting's thought processes during the killings. 
' She was unlucky to be the person in my flat when I realized that physically hurting someone when under cocaine was something I gained satisfaction from, ' he said of his first victim. 
Medical experts told the court that Jutting appeared to have built up a huge tolerance to cocaine and existed on a daily dose of wine, cocaine and Red Bull. 
He also revealed his plans to return to the UK and abduct schoolgirls from an expensive boarding school in Buckinghamshire. 
' They would be, say, 15 years old and I would basically turn these three girls into my sex slaves, it would be good to psychologically play them off against each other, ' he told police. 
The trial continues

ARTICLE

Video: UK security agencies unlawfully collected data for 17 years, court rules By admin legal eagle 
Big deal. Anyone going to jail like if it was a private citizen committing the crime ? No? then shut up. News to your inbox 
Stay ahead of the curve. Yes! Send me daily news! You have Successfully Subscribed!

ARTICLE

Israel's Blockade of Gaza is Inherently Violent Israel's Blockade of Gaza is Inherently Violent By 0 7 
This fall, the U.S. agreed to provide $38 billion in military aid to Israel over the next ten years, ensuring America's continued role in funding the occupation of Palestine. Meanwhile, my friends and colleagues here in Gaza live in fear of another significant Israeli attack in the near future. 
They have every reason to fear another major escalation — violence is a daily reality in Gaza. In two recent incidents, a rocket was fired from Gaza into Israel without causing damage or injuries, and in both instances Israel responded by bombing targets throughout Gaza. 
In August alone, Israel bombed more than 50 locations in the small territory . 
The simple story told about these events focuses on action and reaction: Palestinians attacked Israel with a rocket and Israel responded. We hear this logic after nearly every event of this sort, but it's woefully incomplete. 
In both instances, the rockets fired weren't fired by Hamas, but rather by small radical armed groups at odds with Hamas, which governs Gaza. These groups seek to incite Israeli attacks on Hamas with the goal of destabilizing its control over Gaza, because they see Hamas as too comfortable with the status quo. Palestinian refugees amid the wreckage of their home following the Israeli incursion of 2008-2009. (Photo: Physicians for Human Rights – Israel / Flickr) 
Since seizing power in 2007, Hamas has worked to control and limit violence from the territory. Outside of periods of defined military escalation — which tend to be precipitated by Israeli attacks — they have effectively stopped attacks against Israel from Gaza. 
This explains why, as noted by the Israeli press, there were only 14 rockets fired from Gaza towards Israel between January and August this year. None were fired by Hamas, so Israel's decision to target Hamas as a response makes no sense. 
Of course, 14 rockets fired from Gaza is 14 too many for those of us committed to ending all violence, and none of this should be taken as an apology for other violence perpetrated by Hamas. 
But, as the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in the occupied Palestinian territories reports , there were also 45 Israeli military incursions into Gaza this year, resulting in 7 Palestinian deaths and, on average, injuring five Palestinians in Gaza every week. 
This is the part of the story that isn't told. 
Gaza also remains under an Israeli-imposed blockade that severely limits travel, trade, and life for Gazans. Despite assurances that restrictions would be lifted in the 2014 Hamas-Israel ceasefire agreement, the blockade remains in effect. 
Israel, with support from the U.S. government, claims this decades-long blockade is in place to pressure the people of Gaza to rise up against Hamas and provide security for Israelis. 
If those are Israel's raisons d'etre, then it's a complete failure. It hasn't stopped violence, it hasn't weakened Hamas, and it hasn't brought Israelis or Palestinians security. 
While the blockade hasn't succeeded in achieving the changes Israel claims to be seeking, its impact on the civilian population of Gaza has been immense. 
Over two years after the end of the last large military operation there, much of Gaza remains in ruins. 
Of the 100,000 Palestinians in Gaza who were displaced during the 2014 Israeli bombardment, over 65,000 remain homeless, as 70 percent of the homes seriously damaged or destroyed haven't been rebuilt. This is largely because reconstruction materials remain blocked from entering Gaza. 
This important context is too often missing as U.S. pundits and politicians consider the situation in Gaza. 
Given the blockade and regular military incursions imposed by Israel, the firing of less than 2 rockets per month by Palestinians cannot be seen as the core reason for violence. 
If the U.S. is serious about promoting peace between Israelis and Palestinians, preventing future violence in Gaza, and guaranteeing security, then it must recognize the violence inherent in the Israeli occupation and end the blockade. 
The next attack on Gaza, feared by my friends who live there, is an inevitable reality if nothing changes.

ARTICLE

As Aging Population Increases, Elders and Allies Fight for Social Supports As Aging Population Increases, Elders and Allies Fight for Social Supports By Support your favorite writers by making sure we can keep publishing them! Make a donation to Truthout to ensure independent journalism survives. 
According to a spring 2016 report released by the Older Women's League , men in the top 1 percent live 15 years longer than those in the bottom 1 percent. The gap for women is 10 years. And it's getting worse. As the league's annual study, ' Aging in Community ,' notes, 'The inequality of life spans between rich and poor has widened from 2001 to 2014.' 
The result? By the time folks reach age 75, 6.7 percent of men and 12.3 percent of women live below the poverty line: $11,880 for a single person and $16,020 for a household of two. Gender, of course, is a key variable: Women earn, on average, a lower annual income — typically caused by wage disparities as well as breaks in employment to rear children — resulting in smaller monthly Social Security checks. This is no small thing since a lower income impacts everything from access to health care to the ability to secure decent, affordable housing and nutritious food. 
Race also impacts income, causing many Black and Brown seniors to live in poverty. The federal Administration on Aging reports that in 2013 poverty among the elderly impacted 19.2 percent African Americans; 18.1 percent of Latino and Latinas; 14.7 percent of Asian Americans; and 7.8 percent of whites aged 65 or older. Indigenous seniors have it even worse. Although Indigenous people make up just .05 percent of those over 65 , a full 42 percent of tribal seniors are impoverished. 
Indeed, the collision between poverty and aging is a problem of startling magnitude. It's also more complicated than it seems, thanks to the rapid aging of the US population. For one, since 1900, the percentage of Americans aged 65 or older has more than tripled. Two years ago, they numbered 46.2 million and made up 14.5 percent of the total population. Flash forward to 2040 and 21.7 percent will fall into that…

ARTICLE

3 Philadelphia prison guards arrested for alleged assault on handcuffed inmate 3 Philadelphia prison guards arrested for alleged assault on handcuffed inmate By 0 48 
Three Philadelphia prison guards are facing charges including aggravated assault after allegedly beating up a handcuffed inmate and submitting a fraudulent report. They say the inmate harmed himself, but their actions were caught on video. 
Milton Gibbs, 52, Terrance Bailey, 30, and Shaun Lowe, 26, are facing charges of aggravated assault, conspiracy, and tampering with public records. There are also additional charges of misdemeanor, recklessly endangering another person, unsworn falsification to authorities, and obstructing the administration of law and official oppression. They turned themselves in for arrest on Wednesday. 
'We cannot stand for any kind of assault, and this attack on a handcuffed inmate by sworn corrections officers is egregious. Every inmate who is held in our prisons deserves to be treated with dignity and respect,' Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said in statement following arrests of the three guards. 
According to the investigation, the assault at the Philadelphia Industrial Correctional Center dates back to June, when Gibbs allegedly threatened inmate Brandon Kulb, 22, stating that he would 'hang him and murder him.' 
It is alleged that Gibbs called Bailey, and the two then entered Kulb's cell and began beating, kicking, and spitting on him. 
District Attorney Williams says they eventually put Kulb in handcuffs and walked him down a staircase, while continuing to beat him. 
'Once they arrived at the cell block's exit, Bailey struck the victim in the back of the head knocking him to the ground. Gibbs and Bailey then dragged the victim into the central control area and began to stomp on him. Lowe arrived on scene and joined in the assault,' the DA's office said in a press release, adding that Kulb 'lost consciousness' at least twice during that time. 
The guards tried to make sure that the assault would not get captured on surveillance cameras, but 'much' of it was still caught on CCTV, offering the investigation irrefutable evidence. Despite that, guards tried to cover up the assault. 
After the purported beating of Kulb, Gibbs and Bailey submitted a mental health referral saying the inmate had intentionally harmed himself. Lowe allegedly transported the victim to the receiving room, and Gibbs tried to coerce the victim not to report the incident in exchange for food from the staff kitchen, the DA said. 
In their reports, the three wrote that they only used 'open hand' control, because they had to subdue Kulb. They omitted their own actions. 
This is not the first time Gibbs has been arrested, according to NewsWorks. In 2004, he was reportedly fired for assaulting an inmate but was acquitted in a federal civil rights case filed against him. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Theresa May refuses to withdraw support for Saudi Arabia Theresa May refuses to withdraw support for Saudi Arabia By 0 41 
British Prime Minister Theresa May has refused to withdraw her support for UK weapons sales to Saudi Arabia as well as Riyadh's membership at the UN Human Rights Council despite the regime's atrocities in Yemen. 
During a debate at the House of Commons in Parliament on Wednesday, May shunned answering the call of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn to end the country's weapons sales to Saudi Arabia. 
'The issues are being investigated… We are very clear that the only solution that is going to work for Yemen is actually to make sure that we have the political solution that will give stability in Yemen,' May told Corbyn and the parliamentarians. 
Instead of answering the direct question, May spoke about the UK government's contribution to the humanitarian aid provided to the crisis-torn country. 
Corbyn also questioned May's support for Saudi Arabia's membership in the UN Human Rights Council. A crucial vote on the membership of Riyadh in the council will…

ARTICLE

0 12 
Observing the US presidential electoral campaign, Thierry Meyssan analyses the resurgence of an old and weighty conflict of civilisation. Hillary Clinton has just declared that this election is not about programmes, but about the question «Who are the Americans?». It was not for reasons of his political programme that the Republican leaders have withdrawn their support from their candidate, Donald Trump, but because of his personal behaviour. According to Thierry Meyssan, until now, the United States was composed of migrants from different horizons who accepted to submit to the ideology of a particular community . This is the model which is in the process of breaking down, at the risk of shattering the country itself. During the year of the US electoral campaign that we have just weathered, the rhetoric has profoundly changed, and an unexpected rift has appeared between the two camps. If in the beginning, the candidates spoke about subjects which were genuinely political (such as the sharing of wealth or national security), today they are mostly talking about sex and money. It is this dialogue, and not the political questions, which has caused the explosion of the Republican party – whose main leaders have withdrawn their support for their candidate – and which is recomposing the political chess-board, awakening an ancient cleavage of civilisation. On one side, Mrs Clinton is working to appear politically correct, while on the other, «The Donald» is blowing the hypocrisy of the ex-«First Lady» to smithereens. 
On one side, Hillary Clinton promises male / female equality – although she has never hesitated to attack and defile the women who revealed that they had slept with her husband – and that she is presenting herself not for her personal qualities, but as the wife of an ex-President, and that she accuses Donald Trump of misogyny because he does not hide his appreciation of the female gender. On the other, Donald Trump denounces the privatisation of the State and the racketing of foreign personalities by the Clinton Foundation to obtain appointments with the State Department – the creation of ObamaCare not in the interest of citizens, but for the profit of medical insurance companies – and goes as far as to question the honesty of the electoral system. 
I am perfectly aware that the way in which Donald Trump expresses himself may encourage racism, but I do not believe for a second that this question is at the heart of the electoral debate, despite the hype from the pro-Clinton medias. It is not without interest that, during the Lewinsky affair, President Bill Clinton apologised to the Nation and convened a number of preachers to pray for his salvation. But when he was accused of similar misconduct by an audio recording, Donald Trump simply apologised to the people he had upset without making any appeal to members of the clergy. The current divide re-awakens the revolt of Catholic, Orthodox and Lutheran values against those of the Calvinists, mainly represented in the USA by the Presbyterians, the Baptists and the Methodists. 
While the two candidates were raised in the Puritan tradition (Clinton as a Methodist and Trump as a Presbyterian), Mrs. Clinton has returned to the religion of her father, and participates today in a prayer group composed of the army chiefs of staff, The Family, while Mr Trump practises a more interior form of spirituality and rarely goes to church. Of course, no-one is locked into the systems in which they were raised, but when people act without thinking, they unconsciously reproduce these systems. The question of the religious environment of the candidates may, therefore, be important. 
In order to understand the stakes of this game, we have to go back and look at 17th century England. Oliver Cromwell instigated a military coup d'etat which overthrew King Charles 1st. He wanted to install a Republic, purify the soul of the country, and ordered the decapitation of the ex-sovereign. He created a sectarian régime inspired by the ideas of Calvin, massacred thousands of Irish Papists, and imposed a Puritan way of life. He also created Zionism – he invited the Jews back to England and was the first head of state in the world to demand the creation of a Jewish state in Palestine. This bloody episode is known by the name of the «First British Civil War». 
After the monarchy had been reinstated, Cromwell's Puritans fled from England. They set up in Holland, from where some of them left for the Americas aboard the Mayflower (the «Pilgrim Fathers»), while others founded the Afrikaner community in South Africa. During the War of Independence in the 18th century the United States, we saw a resurgence of the struggle of the Calvinists against the British monarchy, so that in current manuals of British History, it is known as the «Second Civil War». 
In the 19th century, the American Civil War opposed the Southern States (mainly inhabited by Catholic colonists) to the North (mostly inhabited by Protestant colonists). The History of the winning side presents this confrontation as a fight for freedom in the face of slavery, which is pure propaganda. The Southern states abolished slavery during the war when they concluded an agreement with the British monarchy). As a result, we once again saw the revolt of the Puritans against the British throne, which is why some historians speak of the «Third British Civil War». 
During the 20th century, this interior confrontation of British civilisation seemed over and done with, apart from the re-appearance of the Puritans in the United Kingdom with the «non-conformist Christians» of Prime Minister David Lloyd George. It was they who divided Ireland and agreed to create the « Jewish national homeland» in Palestine. 
In any case, one of Richard Nixon's advisors, Kevin Philipps, dedicated a voluminous thesis to these civil wars, in which he noted that none of the problems had been solved, and announced a fourth confrontation [ 1 ]. 
The adepts of the Calvinist churches, who for the last 40 years have voted massively for the Republicans, now support the Democrats. 
I have no doubt that Mrs Clinton will be the next President of the United States, or that if Mr Trump were to be elected, he would be rapidly eliminated. But over the last few months, we have witnessed a large electoral redistribution within an irreversible demographic evolution. The Puritan-based churches now account for only a quarter of the population and are swinging towards the Democrat camp. Their model looks like a historical accident. It disappeared in South Africa, and will not be able to survive much longer, either in the United States or in Israël. Beyond the Presidential election, US society will have to evolve rapidly or split once again. In a country where the youth massively rejects the influence of the Puritan preachers, it is no longer possible to displace the question of equality. The Puritans envisage a society where all men are equal, but not equivalent. Lord Cromwell wanted a Republic for the English, but only after he had massacred the Irish Papists. This is how it is at the moment in the United States – all citizens are equal before the law, but in the name of the same texts, black people are systematically condemned, while attenuating circumstances are found for white people who have committed equivalent crimes. And in the majority of states, a penal condemnation, even for a speeding ticket, is enough to cancel the right to vote. Consequently, white and black people are equal, but in most states, the majority of black people has been legally deprived of its right to vote. The paradigm of this thought, in terms of foreign policy, is the «two-state» solution in Palestine – equal, but above all, not equivalent. 
It is Puritan thinking that led the administrations of preacher Carter, Reagan, Bush (Sr. and Jr. are direct descendants of the Pilgrim Fathers), Clinton and Obama to support Wahhabism, in contradiction to the declared ideals of their countries, and today, to support Daesh. 
A long time ago, the Founding Fathers built communities in Plymouth and Boston which were idealised in the US collective memory. And yet the historians are formal – they claimed to be creating the «New Israël», and chose the «Law of Moses». They did not place the Cross in their temples, but the Tables of the Law. Although they are Christians, they attach more importance to the Jewish scriptures than the Gospel. They oblige their women to veil their faces and re-established corporaI punishment. 
Note:

ARTICLE

What Happened to the FBI? What Happened to the FBI? By 0 11 
When FBI Director James Comey announced on July 5 that the Department of Justice would not seek the indictment of Hillary Clinton for failure to safeguard state secrets related to her email use while she was secretary of state, he both jumped the gun and set in motion a series of events that surely he […]

ARTICLE

Clearing the 'Jungle': The Calais Refugee Operation Clearing the 'Jungle': The Calais Refugee Operation By 0 36 
We don't know yet where we are going, but it will obviously be better than the Jungle, which was made for animals, not humans. 
— Wahid, Afghan refugee, PRI, October 24, 2016 
It grew out as an organic consequence of failure – a failure on the part of Europe's authorities to come to some measure of proportionate and even handed procedures to assess and process desperate refugees who have very little intention of returning back to their countries. 
Calais' informal camp, which came to be known as the Jungle, had 7,000 residents from Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan, among other countries, living in squalid conditions, an assemblage perched tantalisingly close to the English coast. Since Monday, more than 4,000 individuals have been moved. The operation has involved the tearing down of wooden shacks and the deployment of diggers to remove debris. 
Aware of the political message it might convey, French authorities have insisted on a dismantling process to be done essentially by hand. This has merely cloaked the cynicism further, as it would make little difference to some of the residents determined to make a fist of keeping the 'Jungle' tradition alive in some form. The promise of sub-camps sprouting in the environs of the Channel coast is already being made. 
The Jungle tradition has not merely seen residents dig in their heels in the hope of making a stand, but local, sometimes violent resistance. Forms of violence, in short, have proliferated, be…

ARTICLE

Illegal immigrant who beat, deafened wife to be removed from NZ Illegal immigrant who beat, deafened wife to be removed from NZ By 0 60 
Immigration New Zealand are set to deport a man convicted of beating his wife so severely as she held their baby daughter that he temporarily deafened her. 
Jone Vuetaki, 26, was sentenced in the Timaru District Court to 130 hours of community work in August for the vicious assault of his wife in November last year. 
The Fiji-born meat worker denied the charge but was found guilty after a trial before Judge Joanna Maze. 
After he was sentenced Immigration New Zealand revealed that Vuetaki was here illegally. 
He had been in the country unlawfully since March. 
'Vuetaki is liable for deportation, but INZ strongly encourages him to settle his affairs and make arrangements to leave the country as soon as possible by departing voluntarily.' 
It is understood Vuetaki appealed his sentence. 
His now ex-wife told the Herald that the judge dismissed that appeal and cancelled his community service so he was free to leave the country immediately. 
'He is now free to leave the country on his own, if he is not gone in a few weeks he will be deported,' said the woman, whom the Herald has agreed not to name. 
She said she was disappointed that Vuetaki would not have to do the community work, but relieved he had to leave New Zealand. 
'That's the only thing I get out of this,' she said. 
An Immigration New Zealand spokesman confirmed Vuetaki would soon be sent back to Fiji. 
'Mr Vuetaki is still in New Zealand but arrangements are being made for his departure,' he said. 
Vuetaki assaulted his…

ARTICLE

British ex-soldier cuts off own toes with pliers to avoid hospital delays British ex-soldier cuts off own toes with pliers to avoid hospital delays By 0 61 
A former soldier cut off two of his gangrene-ridden toes with a pair of tin metal pliers without anesthetic in his living room after becoming frustrated at a six-week delay to being operated on by the National Health Service (NHS). 
Paul Dibbins, 57, from Buckfastleigh, Devon, had been told he needed to have his right leg amputated at the knee due to complications from diabetes, combined with suffering serious frostbite in his feet while repairing a car in freezing conditions. 
Dibbins says his foot turned 'soot black' and he was rushed to hospital. However, his operation was cancelled at the last minute because of problems with the previous patient. 
He says he then discharged himself from hospital and thought surgeons would call him in a few days to re-book an appointment, but claims they never did. 
'I'd been told my leg would be cut off and I was taken into surgery. But it was cancelled. I just wanted to go home and see my wife and kids.' 
Dibbins says he resorted to treating his own wounds over nine months using a Swiss army knife, sterile scissors and homemade dressing. He says he saw doctors every six weeks afterwards and they told him he could keep treating his frostbite until 'things turned nasty.' 
Read more 
He says he eventually developed gangrene and his doctor said his infected toes would have to be removed. Rather than wait six weeks for the operation, Dibbins took matters into his own hands. 
He says the operation, performed without pain killers and in his living room while biting on a rolled up towel, took about an hour. His wife of 40 years was in the house but says she did not want to look. 
'Knowing that it would take at least another six weeks to get me in front of a surgeon again, that's when I bit the bullet and cut off the toes,' Dibbins told the North Devon Journal. 
'I did it because it's what had to be done. My doctor told me my toes were going to kill me. 
'I've had one surgeon say to me it was more luck than judgment, but then I had another surgeon saying I was mad but it was textbook.' 
A spokesperson for Torbay and South Devon NHS Foundation Trust told the Times: 'The safety of all our patients is our top priority and occasionally it does become necessary for operations to be postponed, if there is another patient with a more critical medical need.' 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

An Identity-Politicized Election and World Series Lakefront Liberals Can Love An Identity-Politicized Election and World Series Lakefront Liberals Can Love By 0 9 
It's the perfect time to be an affluent white and politically correct North Side Lakefront – or other kind of – Liberal and sports fan in the Chicago area. Think about it. Your beloved Chicago Cubs are finally going to their first World Series since 1945 and they will be doing a battle against a team with the worst racist Native American logo in major U.S. professional sports: the Cleveland Indians – yes, the 'Indians.' The Indians' Chief Wahoo – a wild grinning caricature – is the single most offensive, politically incorrect image in sports today. 
It's enough to make folks forget that the Cubs are owned by a politically active right-wing Republican family, the Ricketts, one of whom recently contributed $1 million to the racist and sexist bigot Donald Trump. And that the Cubs' storied ballpark Wrigley Field will be jammed with rich white people who can swallow up secondary market World Series tickets selling for as high as $18,000 . And that the Cubs owe no small part their ability to overcome their ' Billy Goat curse ' (proclaiming that they'd never go again to the final championship series) largely to massive infusions of big Ricketts money required to purchase free-agent veterans to go along with their younger stars. 
Meanwhile, the liberals' party has a presidential candidate Hillary Clinton who is about to become the national government's first female chief executive after trouncing the aforementioned bigot Trump in the November 8 th …

ARTICLE

US, Japan, South Korea agree to put more pressure on North Korea US, Japan, South Korea agree to put more pressure on North Korea By 0 50 
Senior officials from the United States, Japan and South Korea have agreed to step up pressure on North Korea to get it to abandon its nuclear and missile programs. 
The three deputy foreign ministers meeting in Tokyo on Thursday made clear that North Korea now requires broader international pressure and tougher sanctions because it poses a new level of threat. 
'We will not accept North Korea's possession of nuclear weapons, period,' US Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken told reporters after meeting with his Japanese and South Korean counterparts. 
Japanese Vice Foreign Minister Shinsuke Sugiyama echoed Blinken's comments. 'We reaffirmed the necessity to increase pressure against North Korea to have it give up its nuclear and missile development and realize the denuclearization of the peninsula,' Sugiyama said. 
China, North Korea's lone major ally, and Russia have pushed for a resumption of six-party talks on denuclearization in North Korea. The…

ARTICLE

Jews 'blamed for Holocaust' at House of Lords event Jews 'blamed for Holocaust' at House of Lords event By 0 60 
Israel has condemned a 'shameful' event hosted by the British House of Lords in which Jews were blamed for the Holocaust and Israel was compared to Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL). 
The session marked the launch of the Balfour Apology Campaign ahead of the Balfour Declaration centenary. The 1917 declaration pledged British support for a Jewish homeland in Palestine. 
A spokesperson for the Israeli embassy said the gathering 'gave voice to racist tropes against Jews and Israelis alike.' 
According to the Times, an audience member was applauded after suggesting Hitler only decided to kill Jews after being provoked by anti-German protests led by a rabbi, Stephen Wise, in New York. 
'[He] made the boycott on Germany, the economic boycott… which antagonized Hitler, over the edge, to then want to systematically kill Jews wherever he could find them.' 
Read more 
The speaker also said Rabbi Wise told the New York Times in 1905 there were '6 million bleeding and suffering reasons to justify Zionism.' This quote is often used by Holocaust deniers to suggest the figure of 6 million Jews later killed by the Nazis was a myth. 
The audience member – reportedly a member of the anti-Zionist strictly Orthodox Neturei Karta sect – also compared Israel to IS. 
'Just as the so-called Jewish state in Palestine doesn't come from Judaism. This Islamic State in Syria is nothing with Islam. It is a perversion of Islam just as Zionism is a perversion of Judaism.' 
Another audience member said, to applause: 'If anybody is anti-Semitic, it's Israelis themselves.' 
David Collier, a blogger who attended the session, says he 'witnessed a Jew-hating festival at the heart of the British estate.' 
The event run by Baroness Tonge, a former Liberal Democrat MP who sits as an independent, and the Palestinian Return Centre. 
Tonge reportedly made no attempt to challenge the comments. 
She has run into trouble for her own anti-Israeli outbursts and resigned as the Lib Dem whip after claiming the state of Israel was 'not going to be there forever.' 
The House of Lords event was also run by the Palestinian Return Centre. 
Campaigners are calling on Britain to apologize for the Balfour Declaration and show remorse for its 'past colonial crimes' in Palestine. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

US elections don't meet 'international standards,' OSCE observer warns US elections don't meet 'international standards,' OSCE observer warns By 0 48 
The US electoral process hardly meets 'international standards,' a German OSCE observer warns, citing shortcomings that would make it easier to influence voters. The remark comes amid accusations from both presidential campaigns of election interference. 
Juergen Klimke, a German observer of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), has told the Bild magazine that 'the US electoral process still needs to catch up and adapt to international standards.' 
Klimke, who is also a foreign policy expert in Chancellor Angela Merkel's CDU party, cited difference in time zones as a major flaw. 
Read more 
Because of the time shifts, 'the first election results would already be announced at the time when in other states the polling stations are not yet closed,' he said, adding that it could have 'an enormous influence on voters.' 
His remarks were echoed by Michael Georg Link, head of German OSCE observer group, who also voiced his concerns in an interview with the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung. 
Up to 6 million Americans 'are exempt from the vote,' Link stressed, meaning an estimated 3.2 US citizens serving prison terms or being convicted of crimes. In addition, some 2.6 million people have already served their sentences and are still not allowed to vote. 
In an unprecedented move, the OSCE has decided to deploy dozens of observers to the US. Around 500 of the organization's officers are expected to arrive for the Election Day, marking a tenfold increase from 2012 election, when it had just 44 observers. 
Read more 
Last Friday, Thomas Rymer, the spokesperson for OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights, told Sputnik that eleven observers are already on the ground in Washington, DC, to examine 'legal framework, candidate and voter registration, and media coverage, among others.' 
OSCE officers will not be able to monitor voting elsewhere in the US as 13 states explicitly prohibit international election observation, including Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Connecticut, Hawaii, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas and West Virginia. 
For the most part, however, states do not regulate the issue, leaving the decision on admitting or rejecting both international and US observers to state or county election authorities. 
With less than two weeks to go until the 2016 Election Day, the most controversial and expensive presidential race that will likely cast a shadow over US politics for years to come is nearing an end. 
Both camps accuse each other of having a capacity to manipulate voters and falsify the results. Donald Trump, the Republican nominee, has recently warned of a 'rigged' election, urging his supporters to act as 'citizen observers' as well. In turn, Hillary Clinton's staff and Obama administration officials speak of alleged Russian attempts to influence the US election. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

WikiLeaks Director Gavin MacFadyen Has Passed Away WikiLeaks Director Gavin MacFadyen Has Passed Away By 0 125 
WikiLeaks Director and founder of the Centre for Investigative Journalism Gavin MacFadyen has died. WikiLeaks confirmed on their official Twitter account that the journalist had passed by posting a tribute to the man they say is now taking 'his fists and his fight to battle God.' 
Gavin Macfadyen, beloved director of WikiLeaks, now takes his fists and his fight to battle God. Sock it to him, forever, Gavin. -JA pic.twitter.com/7zyzs1Qxxk 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 23, 2016 
The publication announced the death of the beloved director by posting a photo and tribute to their Twitter account. The message was signed 'JA' indicating that it came directly from WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange; however, it is currently unknown at this time how Assange gained internet access as he recently had his access cut by the Ecuadorian Embassy over potential election 'interference' charges. 
WikiLeaks also posted a statement from MacFadyen's wife, Susan Benn, to the social media account.

ARTICLE

Sex workers reject 'biased' BBC prostitution documentary Sex workers reject 'biased' BBC prostitution documentary By 0 47 
Sex workers say the BBC's 'Sex, Drugs & Murder: Life in the Red Light Zone' documentary, which portrays the lives of women in the Holbeck area of Leeds, Britain's first legal red light district, is 'biased' and unrepresentative. 
They argue the program buys into stereotypes and general ignorance, including the view that women are driven into prostitution by drug habits rather than economic pressures brought on by austerity. 
Read more 
The show follows the daily lives of Sammi Jo, Stacey, Debi and Kayleigh, who sell sex to pay for their addictions. They work in an area also known as Red Light Zone, where women can sell sex between 7pm and 7am without being arrested. 
Sammi Jo, who had to be taken from her parents as a child due to abuse, said she turned to drugs and drink 'as a comfort.' 
Mother-of-three Kayleigh recounted how despite her family's attempts to help her get clean she would quickly relapse. 
'I came off of it and within two days I robbed my brother's PlayStation games to go sell for money, and that just led into a routine of, I'd have heroin, go work, and I'd have heroin to forget about working,' she told the program. 
'It's just a total vicious cycle.' 
But sex workers union English Collective of Prostitutes (ECP) believes the show is 'biased' and shows only the darker side of the industry. 
'This BBC3 film is yet another biased piece on the sex industry,' a spokeswoman for the group told RT. 
'Most street-based sex workers are not drug users yet the film chooses to focuses only on women on drugs. It ignores the truth that in many areas around the UK the majority of sex workers are on the streets because of benefit cuts and sanctions. 
'If the press ignore that they are colluding with the government in hiding the devastating consequences of their austerity policies, 80 percent of which have targeted women.' 
The group said the Red Light Zone provides Leeds sex workers with a safe environment to operate. 
According to local police, prostitutes have been three times more likely to report violent incidents since decriminalization came into place in Holbeck. In the first year, between 2014 and 2015, 61 violent incidents were reported to the police. The previous year only 49 cases of assault were reported. 
'Some women were glad to work in the Leeds 'no arrest zone' because it meant they weren't being constantly harassed by the police,' the ECP spokeswoman added. Immigration raids 
The ECP said it is the police themselves who are endangering the lives of sex workers. 
'Since the immigration crackdown everyone is on edge and hiding from officials. Women feel that once again the police are prioritizing criminalization over protection and this is deterring them from reporting violence,' the group complained. 
Last week the London Metropolitan Police raided six massage parlors in Soho and Chinatown, arresting 24 people – 17 of whom were seized on 'suspicion of immigration offenses.' 
The Met released a statement saying the operation was 'aimed at bringing to justice those who seek to profit from the exploitation of vulnerable people.' 
The ECP, however, claims the swoops are 'part of a racist witch-hunt against migrant sex workers, which has got worse since Brexit, even though women have the right to be here under EU law.' 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

#PodestaEmails20: WikiLeaks releases another batch from Clinton campaign chair #PodestaEmails20: WikiLeaks releases another batch from Clinton campaign chair By 0 47 
WikiLeaks has released a 20th batch of emails from the account of John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign chair. 
The whistleblowing site has promised to release 50,000 messages from Podesta in the lead up to the US presidential election on November 8. A total of 34,197 communications have been released to date. 
READ MORE: 'There's no good answer': Podesta leaks show Clinton campaign stumped by email server debacle Preparing for Bill 
Bill Clinton's controversial past was evidently of concern to his wife's campaign team, which discussed how to handle questions on allegations of sexual assault against him. 
Preparation for what the media might throw at her included the questions: 'Will you apologize to the women who were wrongly smeared by your husband and his allies?' and 'How is what Bill Clinton did different from what Bill Cosby did?' 
The mail was sent by Ron Klain, a member of Clinton's debate preparation team, on January 12, 2016. Several days previous Paula Jones, one of Bill Clinton's accusers, gave an interview calling Hillary Clinton a 'liar' and 'two-faced' for trying to discredit her husband's accusers. Let's hope the Democratic party is not suicidal 
A July 2015 email from Clinton adviser Neera Tanden to Podesta discusses a CNN poll which she guesses will show, 'Bernie doing pretty well w Hillary and doing as well against Jeb or close to it.' 
'Can you imagine what Republicans would do with him if he were the nominee?' Podesta replies, referring to Sanders. 
'Well, let's see what the poll actually says. Let's hope the Democratic party is not suicidal,' Tanden says. 
'Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email?' she asks. 'And has that person been drawn and quartered?' 
'Like whole thing is f*cking insane,' she adds. Extraterrestrial disclosure 
Former astronaut Edgar Mitchell, known for his correspondence with Podesta regarding extraterrestrials, emails Podesta regarding the 'Phoenix Lights' incident in 1997, in which thousands of people reported sightings of hovering lights in the sky. 
Mitchell 'was on the phone just as they were happening over Phoenix with an eyewitness describing on March 13, 1997. This incentives about disclosure, while other reports like Roswell disincentives,' according to the mail from April 2015. 
The subject of extraterrestrial disclosure is 'now more important than ever' according to another mail sent on Mitchell's behalf a month later. 
'It is also imperative that after your talk with Edgar, he then speak directly with President Obama via Skype for historical purposes, about the same issue, while the President is still in office,' Podesta is told. 
The subject of the meeting is described as 'the difference between our contiguous universe nonviolent ETI and the celestials in our own universe.' 
DETAILS TO FOLLOW.

ARTICLE

Trump is the Nation's Abuser-in-Chief Trump is the Nation's Abuser-in-Chief By 129 
As an emotional abuse survivor, I get an eerie feeling watching Donald Trump. 
In fact, a checklist of 30 tactics used by an emotionally abusive partner , published by the blog Live Bold and Bloom , reads like Donald Trump's debate prep to-do list. 
One of the telltale signs of such abuse, for example, is rooted in humiliation: 
'They humiliate you, put you down, or make fun of you in front of other people.' 
This seems to be a cornerstone of Trump's political speech — like making fun of a disabled reporter , or placing the women who accuse Hillary Clinton's husband of sexual misconduct in the audience at the last debate. (I wonder if Trump has ever heard that expression about glass houses and throwing stones.) 
'They accuse you or blame you for things you know aren't true.' 
For example, accusing Hillary of laughing at a rape victim, which she didn't do . 
'They make excuses for their behavior, try to blame others, and have difficulty apologizing.' 
Like the 'locker room talk' apology t hat wasn't. Tilting At Women, an OtherWords cartoon by Khalil Bendib. 
'They call you names, give you unpleasant labels, or make cutting remarks under their breath.' 
Remember Trump's use of pejoratives like Crooked Hillary, Lyin' Ted Cruz, Little Marco Rubio, Low Energy Jeb Bush, and 'Pocahontas'? (That last one refers to Elizabeth Warren.) There's even a Donald Trump insult generator online based on the candidate's penchant for name-calling. 
'They make subtle threats or negative remarks with the intent to frighten or control you. ' 
In the second debate: 'You'd be in jail,' Donald threatened Hillary, if he becomes president. 
'They play the victim and try to deflect blame to you rather than taking personal responsibility.' 
After the 2005 video of Trump boasting about sexually assaulting women was leaked, he claimed the entire world was in a conspiracy against him — the media, the Clintons, the Republicans. 
Poor Donald, everyone is calling him out for the racist and misogynist that he is. 
Most familiar to me as an abuse survivor were Trump's deflections of Hillary's jabs during the second debate. In my experience, any time you confront an abuser with their past bad behaviors, you get one of three responses. 
First, they might say they never did that. That thing never happened. This is called gaslighting . The name comes from a 1944 film called Gaslight . It's used when someone attempts to manipulate you into doubting your own lived experiences. 
Second, they'll turn your critique back onto you. You don't like that they humiliated you in front of your friends? You're too sensitive. That's your problem. It's just one more item on the long list of things that are wrong with you . 
Last, they reply to your critique of them with what they don't like about you. And sometimes, the responses can be quite arbitrary. 
Oh, Hillary doesn't like that Trump bragged about assaulting women? Well, Bill Clinton had affairs. Never mind that Bill isn't running for president, or that his well-litigated past isn't the issue at hand. 
True, Bill Clinton won't go down in history for being faithful, but that doesn't answer the question about Trump's record with women and his qualifications to be president. 
Emotional abuse can be hard to pinpoint when you're the one being abused. So Donald Trump has just provided us all with a valuable service by demonstrating before a live TV audience what emotional abuse looks like in action. 
The best way to deal with a bully? Remove them from your life.

ARTICLE

Ethnic Cleansing? California Town Now Less Than 10 Percent White Ethnic Cleansing? California Town Now Less Than 10 Percent White By 0 25 
Ethnic cleansing used to be a bad thing. But in America, when it happens to white people, it's called progress and the ' new face of California .' 
The town of Santa Ana has been almost 100% purged of white people. They were pushed out not by tanks and machine guns, but by a massive influx of people speaking a different language and bearing a different culture who expected everyone to adapt to their norms. 
Today Santa Ana is nearly 80% Hispanic and less than 10% white. We have a city in America that now demographically perfectly mirrors many cities in Mexico. 
Vicente Sarmiento remembers when the local Republican Party here posted uniformed guards at polling stations in a closely fought State Assembly race three decades ago and they hoisted signs in English and Spanish warning that noncitizens were prohibited from voting. The guards were removed after state elections officials threatened legal action. 
Such tactics would never take place today in this city 35 miles southeast of Los Angeles, where Mr. Sarmiento is now the mayor pro tem. 
Everyone votes now, whether citizen or non-citizen, living or otherwise. 
Immigrants living illegally in California are entitled to driver's licenses. Their children can receive state-funded health insurance. Local law enforcement officials generally do not provide information to federal immigration authorities. 
1) Illegals get instant legitimacy with driver's licenses. 
2) Illegals eagerly suck on the welfare teat. 
3) Illegals in…

ARTICLE

James Bond wouldn't make the grade in modern MI6, says Britain's top... James Bond wouldn't make the grade in modern MI6, says Britain's top spy By 0 41 
Fictional super-spy James Bond's lack of a moral compass would quickly rule him out of the intelligence services today, the head of MI6 said in a rare public statement. 
In a question-and-answer session for the Black History Month website, spy chief Alex Younger said 007's lack of an ethical core would have seen him rejected from training. 
' We know that if we undermine British values, even in the name of defending them, then we have failed. Our staff are not from another planet ,' Younger said. 
' They are ordinary men and women operating in the face of complex moral, ethical and physical challenges, often in the most forbidding environments on Earth .' 
Read more 
' In contrast to James Bond, MI6 officers are not for taking moral shortcuts. In fact, a strong ethical core is one of the first qualities we look for in our staff, ' he added. 
Younger insisted that Bond's erratic individualism would certainly have rendered him unable to 'get through our recruitment process.' 
' Whilst we share his qualities of patriotism, energy and tenacity, an intelligence officer in the real MI6 has a high degree of emotional intelligence, values teamwork and always has respect for the law… unlike Mr. Bond, ' Younger said. 
Some, however, would contest claims that MI6 is a bastion of ethical conduct, not least during the UK's heavy involvement in kidnap and torture in the post-9/11 world. 
A Libyan kidnapped and delivered to the Libyan regime for torture recently questioned the commitment to morality of a previous MI6 head. 
In July, Abdul Hakim Belhaj said former MI6 chief Mark Allen was mistaken if he thinks a recent article he wrote for a Christian magazine means his 'account is settled with God.' 
In 2004, Abdul Hakim Belhaj was kidnapped in Hong Kong with British complicity, along with his pregnant wife, and rendered back to his native Libya. He was then held and tortured by the regime of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi for six years. 
A note faxed from Allen to the Libyan authorities told the regime's spy chief Moussa Koussa: ' I congratulate you on the safe arrival of… the air cargo. ' 
On August 4, a day before the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) decided it would not press charges against Allen, the ex-spook published a piece in the Catholic Herald on ' Christian ' approaches to terrorism. 
Belhaj's response, which had been offered to the Herald, was published on the website of the Reprieve human rights charity. 
' His words on the power of faith to see us through bloodshed are too rich to swallow, ' the torture victim wrote in reference to the now infamous ' air cargo ' fax. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Man wielding knife fatally shot outside US Embassy in Kenya Man wielding knife fatally shot outside US Embassy in Kenya By 0 46 
A man attacked an armed guard in front of the US Embassy in Nairobi, Kenya, and was shot to death in the street. No one from the embassy was injured in the attack, but the officer sustained injuries to the head and hand, officials said. 
'There has been a shooting outside the embassy and a man is dead,' a senior police officer told Capital News, and said he would provide more information later. 
The man tried to stab a General Service Unit (GSU) officer who was guarding the entrance of the VISA section on UN Avenue in Gigiri. The GSU is a paramilitary wing of the National Police Service of Kenya. 
'The man was shot after stabbing a GSU officer in the hand and left him with injuries,' Gigiri Divisional Police chief Vitalis Otieno told Capital News. 'The officer sustained injuries in the head and hand after the confrontation in which the attacker had tried to grab a gun from him.' 
Heavily armed officers immediately sealed off the road around the scene, and the investigation has already begun, Capital News reported. 
The US Embassy confirmed the shooting and referred questions to Kenyan authorities. No embassy personnel were involved. Confirmed: Shooting incident near the Embassy. No Embassy personnel were involved. We refer you 2 Kenyan authorities 4 further details. 
— U.S. Embassy Nairobi (@USEmbassyKenya) October 27, 2016 
'The attacker is a male of Somali origin. The knife has been recovered, body (is) still at the scene,' Otieno told the Daily Nation. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Cheyenne River Sioux Chairman Brings Pipeline Opposition to Meeting With President Obama Cheyenne River Sioux Chairman Brings Pipeline Opposition to Meeting With President Obama By 0 52 
Vehicle lights, streaked by a long, late evening exposure, cuts through the campsite set up to protest the Dakota Access oil pipeline, near Cannon Ball, North Dakota, on October 8, 2016. (Photo: Kristina Barker / The New York Times) 
The stand-off between the Standing Rock Sioux and the Dakota Access pipeline shows no sign of letting up. Indigenous opponents of the four-state, nearly $4 billion dollar pipeline have set up another encampment. 
Members of the Great Sioux Nation say they are invoking eminent domain over land rightfully theirs under an 1851 treaty; and have situated their Winter Camp directly in the path of the pipeline. Energy Transfer Partners, developers of the massive pipeline that would run beneath the Missouri River, says the land belongs to the company after they recently purchased the tract from a farmer. 
According to the Morton County Sheriff's Department, six states have deployed law enforcement officers to the area. Tuesday night in a Facebook post, the department said private security hired by Energy Transfer Partners who unleashed attack dogs and pepper spray on protesters in early September were not licensed and could face prosecution. 
Hundreds of people have been arrested during months of protest; most on minor trespass charges. Yet many have been subjected to strip searches and jailed. 
FSRN's Nell Abram spoke with Cheyenne River Sioux Chairman Harold Frazier, who met with President Barack Obama Tuesday to discuss the pipeline project, and the militarized police response to the protests. 
Download Audio 
Nell Abram: Chairman Frazier, thanks for joining us on FSRN. You spoke with President Obama and asked him to him protect the rights of the Lakota people, their sacred sites and the waters of the Missouri River. How did your conversation go? 
Harold Frazier: You know, I was a little hopeful, but I guess I kind of got what I expected. There's court cases proceeding. One of the things they assured me is that he is going to follow, continue the…

ARTICLE

0 38 
Did Italian Prime Minister, Matteo Renzi, actually read the full text of the UNESCO resolution on Palestine and Israel, before he raved with anger? 
'I think this is a mistaken, inconceivable resolution,' he said. 
'It is not possible to continue with these resolutions at the UN and UNESCO that aim to attack Israel. It is shocking and I have ordered that we stop taking this position (his country's abstention) even if it means diverging from the position taken by the rest of Europe,' he added. 
Renzi, who became Prime Minister in 2014 at the relatively young age of 39 knows exactly how the game is played. In order to win favor with Washington, he must first please Tel Aviv. 
His country has abstained from the October 12 vote on a resolution that condemns Israel's violations of the cultural and legal status of Occupied East Jerusalem. This decision has ignited the ire of Israeli Ambassador to Rome, Ofer Zaks , who riled up the Jewish community in Italy to protest the abstention. Renzi, in turn, was converted into a champion of the 'Temple Mount', the name Israel uses to describe the Palestinian Muslim holy site. 
Renzi cravenly went on damage control mode without truly understanding the nature of the resolution, which merely condemned Israel's obvious violations of international law, and only calls for Israel to respect the status of Palestinian culture in the occupied city. 
None of procedures that led to the vote on the UNESCO's resolution – voted…

ARTICLE

Media Roll Out Welcome Mat for 'Humanitarian' War in Syria Media Roll Out Welcome Mat for 'Humanitarian' War in Syria By 0 49 Hillary Clinton told Goldman Sachs that a no-fly zone is 'going to kill a lot of Syrians.' (cc photo: Gage Skidmore) 
As she marches toward the US presidency, Hillary Clinton has stepped up her promotion of the idea that a no-fly zone in Syria could 'save lives' and 'hasten the end of the conflict' that has devastated that country since 2011. 
It has now been revealed, of course, that Clinton hasn't always expressed the same optimism about the no-fly zone in private. The Intercept (10/10/16 ) reported on Clinton's recently leaked remarks in a closed-door speech to Goldman Sachs in 2013: 
To have a no-fly zone you have to take out all of the air defense, many of which are located in populated areas. So our missiles, even if they are standoff missiles so we're not putting our pilots at risk—you're going to kill a lot of Syrians. 
Other relevant characters, such as US Joint Chiefs of Staff chair Joseph Dunford ( Daily Caller , 9/26/16 ), have warned that a no-fly zone in Syria would simply intensify the conflict—which presumably isn't the best way to hasten its end. 
Luckily for those who prefer to rally around illogic, however, plenty of media have already rolled out the welcome mat for peddlers of the 'humanitarian' vision of increased Western military interference in Syria. The New York Times ' Nicholas Kristof ( 10/6/16 ) argues against 'Obama's paralysis' and for 'more robust strategies advocated by Hillary Clinton.' 
The New York Times ' self-appointed savior of women , Nicholas Kristof ( 10/6/16 ), invoked the plight of a young Syrian girl in Aleppo to conclude that Obama's alleged 'paralysis' on Syria 'has been linked to the loss of perhaps half a million lives' in the country, as well as to 'the rise of extremist groups like the Islamic State,' among other unpleasant outcomes. We have no 'excuse,' we're told, for 'failing to respond to mass atrocities.' 
Never mind that the rise of ISIS has much to do with that mass atrocity known as the US invasion of Iraq, thanks to which many young Iraqi girls and other human beings have suffered rape, mutilation and death. It's convenient for certain industries, at least, when US weapons are deemed the solution for problems US weapons helped to create in the first place. 
Furthermore, plenty of US weapons continue to flow to countries known for arming and funding ISIS and similar outfits—an arrangement unlikely to be rectified by a no-fly zone targeting the Syrian government and the Russians. 
USA Today ( 10/8/16 ), meanwhile, ran an opinion piece by an American doctor who worked briefly at a now-destroyed hospital in Aleppo, arguing that the US 'should lead the way in establishing real no-fly zones, either under United Nations auspices or with the British and the French'—because 'otherwise, our inaction will continue to be an embarrassment and stand as an example of our spineless irresponsibility.' 
But considering that there has already been plenty of US action in Syria—including the mistaken 'pulverization' of whole families with children—it would seem we've already exhibited a fair amount of lethal irresponsibility. 
Beyond the opinion pages, media figures are pushing the 'humanitarian' approach with varying degrees of subtlety. Meet the Press host Chuck Todd ( 10/16/16 ) recently pressed Vice President Joe Biden on the lack of a no-fly zone over Aleppo, suggesting that the Obama administration will 'look back and wonder what if? What if? What if? What if?' 
Of course, no campaign for saving lives with bombs would be complete without everyone's favorite examples of feel-good destruction from the former Yugoslavia. The Washington Post ( 9/9/16 ) hosted an opinion by Bosnia and Herzegovina's first ambassador to the UN, Muhamed Sacirbey, straightforwardly headlined: 'Western Military Intervention Saved Lives in Bosnia. It Can Work in Syria, Too.' 
Sacirbey warns that 'Syria's largest city is on the brink of starvation. Bombed from the skies and besieged on the ground, Aleppo's 2 million residents may soon be exterminated.' Gone, apparently, are the days of factchecking, when someone at the Post might have alerted the author to the reality that the vast majority of Aleppo's residents live in government-controlled areas and are thus not under attack by said government. 
Comparing Aleppo to besieged Sarajevo, Sacirbey determines that Sarajevans ultimately 'escaped many of the horrors now awaiting Aleppo's residents… because NATO opted (albeit belatedly and, too often, inadequately) to uphold its responsibility to protect Bosnian civilians.' 
After lauding Bosnia's no-fly zone, Sacirbey pulls this prediction out of a hat: 'Limited military intervention in Syria would save civilian lives, perhaps as many as 200 a week.' 
In their indispensable essay for Monthly Review ( 10/07 ), 'The Dismantling of Yugoslavia: A Study in In humanitarian Intervention (and a Western Liberal-Left Intellectual and Moral Collapse),' Edward S. Herman and David Peterson make it unavoidably clear that the West's business in Bosnia had nothing to do with saving lives—and much to do with the contrary. 
The Bill Clinton administration, they note, actively sabotaged agreements to end the war at an earlier date, while 'helping arm the Bosnian Muslims and Croatians and helping bring thousands of Mujahedin to fight in Bosnia.' America's support in this case for jihadists—a secret alliance also discussed by scholar Tariq Ali ( Guardian , 9/9/06 )—further complicates the assumption that the US is somehow capable of fixing the current jihad problem. 
In predictable fashion, US media led the charge to the Bosnian intervention ( Extra! , 10-11/92 ), dutifully painting the Serbs as demonic aggressors, parroting inflated Bosnian casualty estimates and otherwise behaving as the official PR arm of the establishment. 
A similar performance was repeated shortly thereafter with Kosovo, where minimal regard was given to actual facts on the ground and the specter of Serbian-waged genocide was instead hysterically invoked. Noam Chomsky ( Monthly Review , 9/08 ) cited various reports, including from the British government, that the US-backed Kosovo Liberation Army was actually responsible for more killings than the Serbs in the run-up to NATO's bombing campaign—a project that naturally also managed to kill several thousand people. 
While Yugoslavia has now been fully dismantled, the myth of Western humanitarian intervention there has emerged unscathed; in his recent dispatch on Syria, Kristof brought up Kosovo as an example of how 'the military toolbox has saved lives.' 
To be sure, 'saving lives' is a much nobler goal than, say, endowing NATO with a new lease on life or clearing the way for total neoliberal assault —two outcomes of the West's Yugoslav ventures. Hence the utility, as Herman and Peterson write, of the 'edifice of lies that serves and protects the Western interventions in the former Yugoslavia—and which laid the ideological foundations for the US role in Iraq and for future so-called humanitarian interventions.' 
In Syria's brutal war, meanwhile, humanitarian motives will presumably be utilized as a veneer for pursuing more fundamental goals, like neutralizing resistance to US/Israeli regional designs and promoting that profitable sort of chaos that produces massive arms sales. 
And just as those in the West who failed to leap onto the bandwagon in Yugoslavia were denounced as ' apologists for genocide ' and the like, opponents of increased Western military action in Syria will be increasingly assailed as pro-Assad fanatics with Syrian blood on their hands. 
One strong candidate for fanatic-hood is Greg Shupak, who in a recent Jacobin magazine dispatch ( 10/20/16 ) dared to argue that a no-fly zone 'would actually represent an escalation of war that is guaranteed to harm civilians in the name of protecting them.' Emphasizing that opposition to said zone is not meant in any way 'to minimize or rationalize the torture, mass killings or severe sieges enacted by the Syrian state and its allies,' Shupak continues: 'The imminent question, however, is not, 'Is the Syrian government good?'; it's 'Should America drop more bombs on Syria?'' 
Because, at the end of the day, humanitarian war just isn't humanly possible.

ARTICLE

Trump will win November 8 election: American professor Trump will win November 8 election: American professor By 0 55 
US Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump will win the November 8 election, says an American professor who correctly predicted almost every presidential election in the United States. 
Professor Helmut Norpoth, of New York's SUNY Stony Brook University, said his model shows Trump performed comparatively better in the primaries so he will triumph next month, The Independent reported on Thursday. 
Norpoth developed a model which, when applied retroactively, successfully predicted every presidential election in the United States since 1912 all but one, which was the 2000 election, when it said Democratic nominee Al Gore would beat Republican candidate George W. Bush. But instead Bush won the election. 
Al Gore won the popular vote, but Bush was awarded more votes in the Electoral College following a disputed result in Florida. So Bush was declared winner. 
The political scientist's model suggests that the person who emerges as the …

ARTICLE

Sex and the Presidential City Sex and the Presidential City By 0 58 
Why does everyone think that presidential campaigns are about 'issues,' when anyone over the age of consent knows they are all about sex? But it says a lot about the lasting power of Viagra that this is still the case when we have a couple of seventy-year-olds on the ballot. (' For an election lasting more than four years, please call your doctor .') 
In last week's newspaper there was a report on the tenth or eleventh woman (I have lost track) to come forward to say that Donald Trump made suggestive and 'inappropriate' advances to her during a golf tournament that took place about ten years ago. 
The woman in question is Jessica Drake, who during her press conference announced that at the time of the tournament, she was working in the 'the adult industry' (that's what People Magazine calls porn) for Wicked Pictures (the 20th Century Fox of gang banging) when the randy Donald kissed and hugged her in his room. 
Trump was already in his pajamas when she knocked on his door, together with two friends. Normally, in the adult business, when three porn stars knock on your hotel door, it's considered foreplay. 
When Trump's effusive greeting of Miss Drake did not lead to more snuggling, let alone the suggestion to preview some of her work on the hotel television, he offered her $10,000 to satisfy his suite dreams. 
Drake again demurred, saying that the next morning she needed to get back to Los Angeles 'for work.' By that point in her career she had…

ARTICLE

The FBI Is the Regime's Secret Police The FBI Is the Regime's Secret Police By 0 58 
When FBI Director James Comey announced on July 5 that the Department of Justice would not seek the indictment of Hillary Clinton for failure to safeguard state secrets related to her email use while she was secretary of state, he both jumped the gun and set in motion a series of events that surely he did not intend. Was his hand forced by the behavior of FBI agents who wouldn't take no for an answer? Did he let the FBI become a political tool? 
Here is the back story. 
The FBI began investigating the Clinton email scandal in the spring of 2015, when The New York Times revealed Clinton's use of a private email address for her official governmental work and the fact that she did not preserve the emails on State Department servers, contrary to federal law. After an initial collection of evidence and a round of interviews, agents and senior managers gathered in the summer of 2015 to discuss how to proceed. It was obvious to all that a prima-facie case could be made for espionage, theft of government property and obstruction of justice charges. The consensus was to proceed with a formal criminal investigation. 
Six months later, the senior FBI agent in charge of that investigation resigned from the case and retired from the FBI because he felt the case was going 'sideways'; that's law enforcement jargon for 'nowhere by design.' John Giacalone had been the chief of the New York City, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., field offices of the FBI and, at the time of his 'sideways' comment, was the chief of the FBI National Security Branch. 
The reason for the 'sideways' comment must have been Giacalone's realization that DOJ and FBI senior management had decided that the investigation would not work in tandem with a federal grand jury. That is nearly fatal to any government criminal case. In criminal cases, the FBI and the DOJ cannot issue subpoenas for testimony or for tangible things; only grand juries can. 
Giacalone knew that without a grand jury, the FBI would be toothless, as it would have no subpoena power. He also knew that without a grand jury, the FBI would have a hard time persuading any federal judge to issue search warrants. A judge would perceive the need for search warrants to be not acute in such a case because to a judge, the absence of a grand jury can only mean a case is 'sideways' and not a serious investigation. 
As the investigation dragged on in secret and Donald Trump simultaneously began to rise in the Republican presidential primaries, it became more apparent to Giacalone's successors that the goal of the FBI was to exonerate Clinton, not determine whether there was enough evidence to indict her. In late spring of this year, agents began interviewing the Clinton inner circle. 
When Clinton herself was interviewed on July 2 — for only four hours, during which the interviewers seemed to some in the bureau to lack aggression, passion and determination — some FBI agents privately came to the same conclusion as their former boss: The case was going sideways. 
A few determined agents were frustrated by Clinton's professed lack of memory during her interview and her oblique reference to a recent head injury she had suffered as the probable cause of that. They sought to obtain her medical records to verify the gravity of her injury and to determine whether she had been truthful with them. They prepared the paperwork to obtain the records, only to have their request denied by Director Comey himself on July 4. 
Then some agents did the unthinkable; they reached out to colleagues in the intelligence community and asked them to obtain Clinton's medical records so they could show them to Comey. We know that the National Security Agency can access anything that is stored digitally, including medical records. These communications took place late on July 4. 
Current Prices on popular forms of Silver Bullion 
When Comey learned of these efforts, he headed them off the next morning with his now infamous news conference, in which he announced that Clinton would not be indicted because the FBI had determined that her behavior, though extremely careless, was not reckless, which is the legal standard in espionage cases. He then proceeded to recount the evidence against her. He did this, no doubt, to head off the agents who had sought the Clinton medical records, whom he suspected would leak evidence against her. 
Three months later — and just weeks before Clinton will probably be elected president — we have learned that President Barack Obama regularly communicated with Clinton via her personal email servers about matters that the White House considered classified. That means that he lied when he told CBS News that he learned of the Clinton servers when the rest of us did. 
We also learned this week that Andrew McCabe, Giacalone's successor as head of the FBI Washington field office and presently the No. 3 person in the FBI, is married to a woman to whom the Clinton money machine in Virginia funneled about $675,000 in lawful campaign funds for a failed 2015 run for the Virginia Senate. Comey apparently saw no conflict or appearance of impropriety in having the person in charge of the Clinton investigation in such an ethically challenged space. 
Why did this case go sideways? 
Did President Obama fear being a defense witness at Hillary Clinton's criminal trial? Did he so fear being succeeded in office by Donald Trump that he ordered the FBI to exonerate Clinton, the rule of law be damned? Did the FBI lose its reputation for fidelity to law, bravery under stress and integrity at all times? 
This is not your grandfather's FBI — or your father's. It is the Obama FBI. 
Reprinted with the author's permission.

ARTICLE

US hacking 'hysteria' aimed at distracting voters: Putin US hacking 'hysteria' aimed at distracting voters: Putin By 0 25 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has dismissed as 'hysteria' claims by US officials that Moscow is trying to influence the upcoming presidential election in America. 
Speaking to foreign policy experts during a Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi, southern Russia on Thursday, Putin said Washington was using Russia as a distraction to cover the fact that this year's White House contenders had nothing to offer on real issues. 
'Hysteria has been whipped up in the United States about the influence of Russia over the U.S. presidential election,' Putin said, adding that so far no clear policies have been offered by the US political elite to tackle issues such as national debt and gun control. 
American officials and intelligence agencies have openly accused the Kremlin of sponsoring hacking attacks against the US. 
This is while Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her campaign have gone even further, claiming that Russia was…

ARTICLE

Polls are tightening, but is the US presidential election rigged? Polls are tightening, but is the US presidential election rigged? By 0 28 
One of the most important questions is will US Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton rig the election to win the White House like she did in the primaries against Bernie Sanders, asks Myles Hoenig, an American political analyst and activist. 
Recent polls show that Clinton's national lead over Trump is shrinking as the Election Day is approaching. 
The former secretary of state has the support of 49 percent of likely voters, while the billionaire businessman has 44 percent support, according to the CNN/ORC survey released on Monday. 
Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson has 3 percent support among likely voters, while Green Party nominee Jill Stein has 2 percent support. 
'In every election the race tightens towards the end,' Hoenig told Press TV on Thursday. 
'It's really hard to imagine that there is any flux in this election as the supporters of both sides absolutely hate the other. With Obama and Romney, or even Gore and Bush, many of…

ARTICLE

Verboten! Don't speak German on the streets of post-Brexit Britain, warns lawyer Verboten! Don't speak German on the streets of post-Brexit Britain, warns lawyer By 0 108 
Germans living in Britain have been cautioned against speaking their native language in public places after the Brexit vote set hate crimes soaring. 
Speaking to the German newspaper Die Welt, lawyer Carmen Prem thought it was best to not speak 'too loudly' when out and about. 
Read more 
'The tone has changed,' said the mother-of-two who has been living in London for 13 years. 'No Briton would ever say 'we do not want you here.' But it is now 'we and you.'' 
She also recounted how on the bus home she had recently heard the driver tell passengers to 'kindly speak English.' 
In the piece, other Germans tell of 'stronger xenophobia' in the country since the referendum in June. 
There is a 'new bitterness, an anger which hardly any of the countless non-British on the island expected,' it adds. 
Race and religious crimes saw a 41 percent rise in the month after the Brexit vote. Nearly 5,500 incidents were recorded by the Home Office in July alone. 
The overall hate crime rate was also up 19 percent on last year. Four out of five of the crimes reported were motivated by race hatred, seven percent by religion. 
King's College London professor Mischa Dohler told Die Welt he was now considering moving abroad. 
The German academic claimed he had been offered several jobs, including an opportunity at Cambridge, but had to turn them down as he does not know what will follow the Brexit negotiations. 
'Many non-British academics simply see no future here,' he said. Abuse & insecurities 
Worries among German citizens come after a Spanish man was knocked down by a passerby with a wooden plank in Bournemouth earlier this month. 
The man was reportedly speaking to his girlfriend in his native language when the thug approached him shouting 'f***ing Spanish, speak in English' before hitting him with a piece of wood grabbed from a nearby building. 
READ MORE: French nationals suffer post-Brexit abuse, claims ambassador 
The French were also reportedly reconsidering their future in Britain after being subjected to 'negative or aggressive language' following the UK's decision to leave the European Union. Up to 300,000 French nationals are currently registered as living in the country. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Calling Trump Moscow's favorite is nonsense created by media – Putin Calling Trump Moscow's favorite is nonsense created by media – Putin By 0 71 
The idea that Russia has a favorite in the US election was deliberately created by the media, Russian President Vladimir Putin said, adding that Moscow is 'largely unconcerned' about the outcome of the vote and is ready to work with any future president. 
'The image [that Russia supports a candidate in the US presidential election] was created by the media,' Putin said at the Valdai Discussion Club in Sochi on Thursday, adding that it was done deliberately and on purpose. 
Read more 
'This idea was planted into the US public consciousness… with only one goal… to protect the interests of the Democratic candidate in her competition with the candidate of the Republicans, in this case – with Mr. Trump,' the Russian president stressed. 
The US media 'first portrayed Russia as an enemy and then said that Trump is our [Russia's] favorite,' Putin said, denouncing these tactics as 'absolute nonsense.' 'This is complete and utter rubbish, and it is just a method of internal political struggle, as well as a way of manipulating the public consciousness ahead of the US presidential elections,' he added. 
He went on to say that Russia is not interested in a victory of any particular candidate and is ready to cooperate with any of them. 'Generally speaking, we are more or less unconcerned about it,' the Russian leader said. 
At the same time, he stressed that Russia welcomes words and intentions concerning normalization of relations between the US and Russia, 'whoever expresses them.' He also said that it is 'hard' to work with the current US administration as it does not fulfill its obligations under any agreements, adding that Russia is ready to start working with a new US president. Trump's extravagant behavior is thought-out political strategy 
Donald Trump 'has chosen his own method to get through to voters' hearts,' Vladimir Putin said at a meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club, adding that the Republican candidate must have a reason behind his extravagant behavior. 
Read more 
'He [Trump] just represents ordinary people and portrays himself as an ordinary guy, who criticizes those who have been in power for decades,' Putin said, adding that only voting will show if this strategy is effective. 
At the same time, Putin stressed once again that Moscow will work with every US president who is chosen by the US people and is willing to cooperate with Russia. 
Earlier, Putin also dismissed all accusations concerning Moscow's alleged meddling in the US presidential elections, saying that the 'Russian card' was used during the election campaign to distract voters from the real internal problems of the US. 
He also sharply criticized the US and the EU for attempts to portray Moscow as an enemy and stressed that 'Russia is not going to attack anybody.' 
Putin and Russia have often been mentioned during the US presidential race. Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton has not only accused Donald Trump of being actively supported by Moscow, but also claimed that WikiLeaks, which repeatedly released documents hacked from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta and the Democratic National Convention, of working for the Kremlin. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

US election claims against Russia expose Clinton: Analyst US election claims against Russia expose Clinton: Analyst By 0 166 
The United States government is trying to distract people from the true nature of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton by accusing Russia of influencing the election against her. 
Don DeBar, a New York-based author and radio host, made the remarks in an interview with Press TV on Thursday, following Russian President Vladimir Putin's response to Washington's accusations of sponsoring hacking attacks against the US. 
Speaking to foreign policy experts during a Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi, southern Russia on Thursday, Putin said Washington was using Russia as a distraction to cover the fact that this year's White House contenders had nothing to offer on real issues. 
'The subject matter of what is being revealed here is definitely an action item that defines who Clinton is,' DeBar said. 
'Also, the thing that is really galling is the fact that we are told to ignore the content, and the content is something that goes to the…

ARTICLE

Wells Fargo is Rotting from the Top Down Wells Fargo is Rotting from the Top Down By 0 139 
Just when you thought that, surely, big banker greed had bottomed out with 2008's Wall Street crash and bailout, along comes Wells Fargo, burrowing even deeper into the ethical slime to reach a previously unimaginable level of corporate depravity. 
It's one thing for these finance giants to cook the books or defraud investors, but top executives of Wells Fargo have been profiteering for years by literally forcing their employees to rob the bank's customers. 
Rather than a culture of service, executives have pushed a high-pressure sales culture since 2009, demanding frontline employees meet extreme quotas of selling a myriad of unnecessary bank products to common depositors who just wanted a simple checking account. (Photo: Shutterstock) 
Employees were expected to load each customer with at least eight accounts, and employees were monitored constantly on meeting their quota — fail and you'd be fired. 
That's why the bosses' sales culture turned employees into a syndicate of bank robbers. The thievery was systemic, and it wasn't subtle. 
Half a million customers were secretly issued credit and debit cards they didn't request, fake email accounts for online services were set up without customers' knowledge, depositors' money was moved from one account to another, signatures were forged, and — of course — Wells Fargo collected fees for all of these bogus transactions, boosting its profits. 
CEO John Stumpf was recently forced out because of the scandal, but what about the other top executives and the board of directors — all of whom were highly paid partners in this crime? 
Stumpf wasn't the only rotten apple at Wells Fargo. This isn't a case of a few bankers gone rogue, but of a whole bank gone rogue, rotting from the head down.

ARTICLE

Most wanted' drug baron hands himself in, says life on the run... 'Most wanted' drug baron hands himself in, says life on the run 'got too much' By 0 157 
A notorious British drug baron turned himself in to the cops because the 'pressure' of life on the run became too much for him. 
Robert Gerrard, of Liverpool, handed himself over to National Crime Agency (NCA) officers in Manchester after being named on a Most Wanted list of criminals. 
The 53-year-old made the arrangements through his solicitor after complaining the ' pressure of being on the run had got too much for him .' 
He was added to the UK's Most Wanted list as part of Operation Return, a campaign to capture criminals on the lam. 
He appeared in Manchester Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, where he was charged with conspiracy to import cocaine in a £60 million (US$75 million) plot. 
Gerrard is believed to have used Café de Ketel, in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, as a front for international drug trafficking. 
NCA regional head of investigations Greg McKenna said: ' Robert Gerrard handing himself in shows the impact we are having with our Most Wanted campaigns. Three arrests in under a week is a tremendous result. 
' We don't know at this stage how long Gerrard has been back in the UK for, but he told our officers that the pressure of being on the run had got too much for him . 
' The fugitives on our Most Wanted list really do have nowhere to hide. I would urge any of the remaining ones to take note – save yourself the trouble and hand yourself in because we will never stop hunting you and you will face justice, ' he added. 
Crimestoppers director of operations Roger Critchell said: ' The fact Robert Gerrard handed himself in to police is again an indication that when the pressure mounts, hiding places become harder to find. 
' This is a great result as it follows two fugitive arrests in the last week from our sister campaign targeting those on the run in Spain. These campaigns really do work .' 
His next hearing will be at Manchester Magistrates' Court on November 23. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

New Yorkers fight to overturn ballot selfie ban New Yorkers fight to overturn ballot selfie ban By 0 119 
New York voters are suing the state, arguing it is unconstitutional to ban them from showing their completed ballots to others via social media. The ballot selfie ban is becoming a hot topic this election, affecting even celebrities like Justin Timberlake. 
The three New Yorkers – Eve Silber, Rebecca White, and Michael Emperor – filed the federal lawsuit in on Wednesday, seeking a judge to declare the election law banning 'ballot selfies' unconstitutional, according to the attorney representing the group. 
'Taking a photograph of a filled out ballot is a powerful political statement that demonstrates the importance of voting. Without the photograph, the message loses its power,' says the lawsuit, filed by lawyer Leo Glickman in Manhattan Federal Court, according to the New York Daily News. 
Under the current state law, showing a marked ballot to another voter is considered a misdemeanor which can result in prison time and a hefty $1,000 fine, according to court papers. 
Glickman is seeking a court injunction to stop officials from enforcing the law before the November 8 election. 
Similar laws against 'ballot selfies' have been struck down in Michigan, Indiana and New Hamsphire as a violation of the First Amendment guarantee of the freedom of speech. 
Selfies are being allowed at the polls in Connecticut, but officials will be watching for whether the practice becomes disruptive for voters. 
In New Jersey, Assemblyman Raj Mukherji is pushing for a bill that would protect voters' right to take selfies at the ballot box, CBS radio reported. 
Singer-actor Justin Timberlake got into some trouble this week after posting a photo of himself voting in Tennessee on his Instagram page. The picture prompted a reminder of the law from state officials that such photography is against the law. 
Timberlake addressed the controversy during an appearance on 'The Tonight Show' Wednesday, telling host Jimmy Fallon he thought he was inspiring people with the picture and 'had no idea' it was illegal. 
Taking photos inside a voting booth is illegal in Tennessee under a 2015 state law, as it is in 17 other states, according to a review of laws banning ballot selfies conducted by the Associated Press. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Scotland warns of no access to EU single market after Brexit Scotland warns of no access to EU single market after Brexit By 0 149 
Scottish Secretary of State David Mundell has warned about the consequences of the UK's withdrawal from the European Union (EU), saying Brexit would cut access to the single market. 
Mundell told members of the Scottish Parliament on Thursday that neither Scotland nor any other part of the UK was going to get a 'special deal' during the negotiations with the EU. 
'So there are very specific issues to specific industries, but there won't be special deals and it's absolutely wrong to characterize a suggestion that certain areas of the country will get a special deal and Scotland will not,' he said. 
'I accept on one level, if we are leaving the EU then essentially we are leaving the single market but access to the single market can, I think, continue in a way that doesn't involve tariffs or barriers,' the secretary continued. 
British and Scottish officials have long been engaged in a war of words over the Brexit process, with Scotland asking for…

ARTICLE

US charges 61 with India-based scam involving 15,000 victims US charges 61 with India-based scam involving 15,000 victims By 0 166 
The US Justice Department has charged 61 people and entities with involvement in a major India-based scam that targeted thousands of Americans. 
The scheme involved Indian call centers, where some workers called American citizens and convinced them to pay their non-existent debts by impersonating Internal Revenue Service (IRS), immigration and other federal officials, the Justice Department said in a statement on Thursday. 
Some victims were even offered short-term loans or grants on condition of providing good-faith deposits or payment of a processing fee. 
The scammers had stolen more than $300 million from at least 15,000 unsuspecting citizens, the department noted. 
The victims' money was laundered by an American network of criminals who used debit cards or wire transfers under fake identities, the indictment said. 
Federal officials arrested 20 people across America on Thursday. Additionally, 32 individuals and five call centers in India were charged…

ARTICLE

0 131 
TRNN Replay: Public housing, renters issues, and homelessness are among the topics discussed in this 2014 panel moderated by Marc Steiner Visit …

ARTICLE

Two Mysterious 'Secret Chambers' Discovered Inside Egypt's Great Pyramid Using Cosmic Rays... Two Mysterious 'Secret Chambers' Discovered Inside Egypt's Great Pyramid Using Cosmic Rays And Space Particles By 186 
Two secret chambers have been discovered in Egypt's 4,500-year-old Great Pyramid of Giza . 
Researchers confirmed they had found the mysterious cavaties after scanning the centuries old tomb using revolutionary radiography equipment. 
The Scan Pyramids project made the latest discovery after being able to demonstrate the efficiency of non-evasive Muons technology at the Bent Pyramid in Dahshour this May. 
Last year thermal scanning identified a major anomaly in the Great Pyramid, sparking a debate over whether there was a long-running network of tunnels hidden away inside. 
But now the mystery has been answered as the Ministry of Antiquities announced on Thursday that 'two anomalies' were found in the pyramid built under King Khufu. 
They are now looking to conduct further tests on the 146m-high monument to determine their function, nature and size. 
The pyramid, also known as the Pyramid of Khufu, named after the son of Phara oh Snefru, is considered one of the seven wonders of the ancient world. 
It has three known chambers, and like other pyramids in Egypt was intended as a pharaoh's tomb. 
Operation Scan Pyramids scientists said: 'We are now able to confirm the existence of a 'void' hidden behind the north face, that could have the form of at least one corridor going inside the Great Pyramid.' 
Another 'cavity' was discovered on the pyramid's northeast flank but there is currently no link between the two cavities, according to Mehdi Tayoubi, founder of the Heritage…

ARTICLE

Merkel: Worried about Islamisation? Just Sing Christmas Carols Merkel: Worried about Islamisation? Just Sing Christmas Carols By 0 19 
Angela Merkel has recommended that Germans who are concerned about Islamisation should play Christmas carols on the recorder to contain any possible threat. 
At a national congress of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party in Wittenburg the German Chancellor told supporters that it's up to them to hold off the growth of Islam in Germany, by preserving Christmas traditions. 
Addressing points raised by the populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) party about Islamic law holding values that are antithetical to those of Germans, Merkel conceded: 'I know that there are concerns about Islam.' 
The CDU politician argued that it's up to Germans to contain Islamisation in Germany, suggesting they do so by recalling Christian traditions. 'How many Christmas carols do we still know? And how many of them are we passing on to our children and grandchildren?' she asked the crowd, rhetorically. 
Merkel added: 'You just have to copy a few [sheets of carol music], and ask someone who can play the recorder or the flute [to join in]'. 
Met with some laughter at her suggestion that a woodwind rendition of Christmas songs could pose a challenge to Islamisation, the Chancellor insisted : 'Yes I'm being serious. Otherwise, we will lose a piece of our homeland.' 
Merkel's suggestions were met with scepticism from AfD Member of the European Parliament (MEP) Beatrix von Storch, who co-leads the Eurosceptic party. 
'Yes, I think it's an excellent idea and it's nice when…

ARTICLE

Vicar sacked over orgies, hookers & porn after wife exposes his double... Vicar sacked over orgies, hookers & porn after wife exposes his double life By 0 41 
A sex addict Church of England vicar who took part in orgies, visited gay saunas and collected 'perverted' pornography has been sacked after his estranged wife exposed his double life. 
Reverend James Day's actions amounted to 'conduct unbecoming and inappropriate,' a Church of England tribunal found. It has banned him from ministry for life. 
Read more 
Speaking at the tribunal in London, Birte Day said she had collected evidence showing her husband had taken part in group sex, attempted to set up meetings with prostitutes and used a fake name to meet new partners. 
She said her husband had stored 'a substantial amount' of porn on his computer, which she collected on memory sticks presented to the tribunal, according to the Telegraph. 
'There were about 50 short films of men and women in scenes of sexual pleasure and orgies, at least 100 sketches of naked women being tortured and burned, a scene of a gladiator being hit and tortured, many images of naked young men… and other sexually explicit material.' 
She said her husband became increasingly open about his 'sexual addiction,' adding: 'He often said the two most important elements in his life were God and sex.' 
'I think James wanted to hurt me with his sexual activities and was making me feel guilty as I was just 'not good enough,'' she said. 
Read more 
The hearing was told the vicar had also been violent towards his wife – tightening a scarf around her neck so she couldn't breathe, spanking her as punishment for wearing shorts in front of workmen, biting her hand and spitting in her face. 
'I had to protect myself by gathering evidence to show that he was not normal, because to others outside the marriage he projected himself to be a successful and respectable person,' his wife said. 
She also referenced an email she had found from Day – who is also a psychology professor – to his friend. He wrote: 'You must never desist on account of my priesthood and all to do with vocation … Perhaps I should send you photos from a gangbang I participated in … to assuage your guilt.' 
His wife also found business cards suggesting Day was visiting gay saunas in Brussels, New York and Italy. He had also created email addresses for himself under different names and identities. 
The Bishop's Disciplinary Tribunal for the Diocese of Europe concluded Day's behavior was not criminal – but that standards for clergy 'must be different.' 
It said it was satisfied the assaults on his wife took place, adding the allegations made against the priest were proved in their entirety. 
Day did not attend the tribunal but did not contest the proceedings. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Podesta emails reveal extent of Bill Clinton's 'for profit' activities Podesta emails reveal extent of Bill Clinton's 'for profit' activities By 0 32 
Conflicts of interest between Bill Clinton and the Clinton Foundation, as well as the former president's 'for profit' activities and acceptance of 'expensive gifts' have been revealed in WikiLeaks' Podesta emails. 
One of the emails released by the whistleblowing site from the account of Hillary Clinton's campaign chair, John Podesta, includes a November 2011 email chain between Podesta and Douglas Band, a former Foundation fundraiser and long time adviser to the Clintons. 
Band attaches a 12 page document detailing the many ways Bill Clinton had conflicts of interest with the Foundation and his 'for profit' activities. 
Band is co-founder of global PR consulting firm Teneo and worked as Bill Clinton's personal assistant during his presidency. Teneo had raised millions for the Foundation while also working for Bill Clinton's personal interests when he was a paid adviser to the company. In 2012, Clinton's position changed to 'friend and unpaid adviser' to Teneo as well as being a client of the company. 
Previous Podesta emails have shown that at the time of the memo, Chelsea Clinton was concerned about Band's conflicts of interests between his work at the Foundation and Teneo. She accused Brand and Teneo co-founder Declan Kelly of profiting off her father and the foundation. 
Shortly after, Band penned the memo to show how Bill Clinton had his own conflicts of interest. 
The memo, addressed to lawyers that were working on a review of the foundation, refers to 'Bill Clinton Inc.' to describe 'more than $50 million for-profit activity we have personally helped to secure for President Clinton to date or the $66 million in future contracts, should he choose to continue with those engagements.' This includes $3 million paid to Bill Clinton for speeches given to clients of the company. 
Band said his role as 'primary fundraiser for the Foundation for the past 11 years' and his work at Teneo allowed him and Kelly to encourage clients to contribute to the Foundation. 'Through our efforts, we have brought new donors to the Foundation and garnered increased giving from existing donors,' he said. 
He says he also obtained 'in-kind services for the President and his family – for personal travel, hospitality, vacation and the like.' 
The memo had been discussed in an earlier release by WikiLeaks but no file was attached. In these emails, Band refers to a conflict of interest policy he signed as a board member of the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI). 
READ MORE: #Podesta emails: Bill Clinton & Obama worked to influence EU's Greece austerity deal 
'Teneo represents 4 cgi sponsors, 3 of which teneo brought to cgi. Oddly, wjc [Bill Clinton] does not have to sign such a document even though he is personally paid by 3 cgi sponsors, gets many expensive gifts from them, some that are at home,' he says. 
The memo shows examples of companies paying Bill Clinton directly when they were also donors to the Foundation. 
For profit education firm Laureate's relationship with the Foundation 'evolved into a personal advisory services business relationship for President Clinton,' Band wrote. According to the memo, Laureate paid Bill Clinton $3.5 million a year to advise and be the honorary chairman. Clinton was honorary chancellor / chair from 2010 until 2015, and was paid over $16 million. 
Brand says Dubai-headquartered GEMS Education approached Clinton in 2009 to seek his personal services as an adviser to the company and Band 'convinced them to initiate a relationship to the Foundation, which they did.' Bill Clinton has made more than $5.6 million for his role with GEMS, AP reports . 
Coca Cola gave $4.3 million to the Foundation and promised $2 million more over seven years, the memo reads. According to Band, Kelly introduced Bill Clinton to CEO Muhtar Kent in 2009 at a meeting at Clinton's home. 
'Over the course of 2009, Mr. Kelly cultivated Mr. Kent's interest in the Foundation — first in CGI and the Foundation. Mr. Kelly asked Mr. Kent to give $5 million to the Foundation, which he pledged in early 2010.' 
Coca Cola has donated between $5-10 million to the Foundation. A set of emails released by DCLeaks this month show the Clinton campaign backed away from her comments on a soda tax in April following angry emails from the company. 
'Really??? After all we have done,' Coke's Clyde Tuggle emailed on April 20 to Sarah Latham, Podesta's current chief of staff and Capr icia Marshall, who has consulted for the Clinton campaign. 'I hope this has been falsely reported. Pls give me some talking points for Muhtar [Muhtar Kent, Coke's CEO] in the am.' 
According to the memo, Dow Chemical has given $780,000 to the Foundation. Kelly invited CEO Andrew Liveris to play golf with Clinton in 2009 and then asked Dow to sponsor CGI. Dow donated $150,000 to the Foundation 'for President Clinton to attend a Dow dinner in Davos,' Band said. 
Swiss financial services company UBS was told to donate to the Foundation before booking Bill Clinton for speeches. 'In addition to the $540,000 UBS contributed to the Foundation, Teneo partners have secured a commitment from UBS for President Clinton to deliver three additional paid speeches for them in 2012, should he choose to do so.' 
UBS paid Bill Clinton $540,000 for speeches in 2011. 
Kelly also 'urged and ensured' the American Ireland Fund would be a 'significant donor to the Foundation,' and successfully secured '$350,000 to date,' the memo reads. 
A section of the memo titled 'For profit activity of President Clinton' details how the company helps Clinton 'secure and engage in for-profit activities, including speeches, books, and advisory service engagements' 
Band says he and Justin Cooper have 'personally helped to secure' over $50 million for the former President and have brought business deals for advisory services to Clinton. 
The memo shows Teneo secured a number of speeches for Clinton including telecommunications company Ericsson paying Clinton $750,000 plus $400,000 for a private plane to speak in Hong Kong. 
Teneo cultivated its client relationship with bank Barclays to help secure two paid speeches in 2010 and 2011 totaling more than $700,000. 
The conflict between Band and Chelsea resulted in the well documented 'spoiled brat' comment Band made as revealed in earlier batches of the Podesta email leak. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

The Empire Files: Inside Palestine's Refugee Camps The Empire Files: Inside Palestine's Refugee Camps By 0 59 
In her first on-the-ground report from Palestine, Abby Martin gives a first-hand look into two of the most attacked refugee camps in the West Bank: Balata and Aida camps. 
With millions of displaced Palestinians around the world, hundreds of thousands are refugees in their own country — many have lived packed into these refugee camps after being ethnically cleansed from their villages just miles away.

ARTICLE

0 44 
To be white and from money is to live a life of largely unrecognized privilege, bequeathed as it is from one's first wet, howling breath. In the affluent socio-economically partitioned town of Saratoga Springs, NY where I'm from there was actually a railroad track serving as the demarcation line between affluent whites residing on one side and the other side of which nothing was known because you just didn't go there, ever. It was literally the 'wrong side of the tracks'. 
Raised in that remarkable state of incurious joy and suffering within narrow undiluted lines of stratified suburban sameness, I could not know or question the things kept from sight. Thus racial determinism was assumed passively, an acquired naivete fueled with the aspirational angst of middle class parenting that served as an omniscient narcotic fog, like carbon monoxide – not enough to be lethal, but just enough to render the critical faculties permanently dull until finally the things kept from sight could no longer be seen even upon close observation. 
To be white is to watch but not see while being seen but never watched. It is to know that for whatever law enforcement is or is not, they are something that will never have anything to do with me. It is to know that on those rare occasions I am pulled over, it really is about a busted tail light. 
To be white is to know that when a retail clerk approaches me, it's about customer service and not the smothering sea of smiles…

ARTICLE

0 29 
As an old SDS-er, I found it hard to see Tom Hayden go. However meandering his path, he was at the heart of radical history in the 60s, an erstwhile companion, if not always a comrade, on the route of every boomer lefty. 
One of his finer moments for me, which I've never seen mentioned (including among this week's encomia) since he wrote it, was his 2006 article , published on CounterPunch with an introduction by Alexander Cockburn, in which he apologized for a 'descent into moral ambiguity and realpolitick that still haunts me today.' It would be respectful of Hayden's admirers and critics, on the occasion of his passing, to remember which of his actions 'haunted' him the most. 
The title of the article says it clearly: 'I Was Israel's Dupe.' In the essay, Hayden apologizes for his support of the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982, which was for him that 'descent into moral ambiguity' More importantly, he explains why he did it, in a detailed narrative that everyone should read. 
Hayden sold out, as he tells it, because, in order to run as a Democratic candidate for the California State Assembly, he had get the approval of the influential Democratic congressman Howard Berman. Berman is a guy who, when he became Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, was proud to tell the Forward that he took the job because of his 'interest in the Jewish state' and that: 'Even before I was a Democrat, I was a Zionist.' 
Hayden had to meet with…

ARTICLE

Hillary's Criminal Plan for the Internet Hillary's Criminal Plan for the Internet By 0 57 
You're probably appalled at the American media's shameless whoring for Hillary Clinton, asking yourself why they would so thoroughly debase their much-touted journalistic ethics. President Obama has answered that question. 
As reported by Agence France Presse, during a recent speech in Pittsburgh he postulated: 
'We are going to have to rebuild within this wild-wild-west-of-information flow some sort of curating function that people agree to. 
'There has to be, I think, some sort of way in which we can sort through information that passes some basic truthiness tests and those that we have to discard, because they just don't have any basis in anything that's actually happening in the world.' 
Set aside the outrageous, un-American gall in proposing that any central authority should 'curate' information put out to the public, and walk with me for a minute down a meandering path of speculation. 
It is, or course, the World Wide Web in which Obama's informational 'wild-wild west' exists. This is the realm of Breitbart, Cybercast News Service, the Drudge Report , World Net Daily , American Thinker , and other non-establishment outlets that persist in making the president uncomfortable. 
Current Prices on popular forms of Silver Bullion 
And what has happened recently to affect the World Wide Web? The U.S. government has handed over control to ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers), the nonprofit agency that assigns website domain names. 
Is it in the president's mind that ICANN might someday assume the 'curating function' he sees as necessary to insure 'truthiness' in web-based news reporting? 
Well, according to ICANN Board Chair Stephen D. Crocker, diverse membership in the organization makes such a thing unthinkable. Quoted by the tech site C/NET, Crocker said: 
'This community validated the multistakeholder model of internet governance. It has shown that a governance model defined by the inclusion of all voices, including business, academics, technical experts, civil society, governments and many others is the best way to assure that the internet of tomorrow remains as free, open and accessible as the internet of today.' 
His confidence is echoed by the Internet Governance Coalition, a group of technology firms that includes Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and Verizon, among others. They issued a statement that lauds ICANN's 'strong accountability measures' and upholds 'the bottom-up approach that embodies the very nature of the open internet we experience today.…' 
Pardon the skepticism to which I've become increasingly prone, but this sounds very much like the 'collaborative' concept of governance that prevails in the academic world. 
If you've ever applied for a position at a college or university, you know that what a search committee wants most urgently to know about you is whether you have a 'collaborative style' of working. 
What exactly is a 'collaborative style,' as understood in today's academic world? It means that you won't do anything to contradict the orthodoxy in thought and procedure reigning on campus — in other words, that you are 'politically correct' in your outlook.

ARTICLE

Sanders calls Trump a 'political coward' over voter suppression report Sanders calls Trump a 'political coward' over voter suppression report By 0 60 
Former US Democratic presidential candidate Senator Bernie Sanders has denounced Republican nominee Donald Trump as a 'political coward' over a voter suppression report. 
Sanders condemned Trump after a report that the Republican's presidential campaign has three 'voter suppression' drives intended to lower turnout for Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, and to help Trump winning the White House. 
'Anybody who is suppressing the vote because they know that those people will vote against them is a political coward,' the Vermont senator tweeted. 
'If you don't have the guts to run for office on your ideas @ realDonaldTrump , then you shouldn't run for office at all,' he said in another tweet. 
A senior adviser to Trump acknowledged in an interview with Bloomberg Businessweek that the Republican team has 'three major voter suppression operations underway.' 
Sanders – a former primary rival of Clinton – suspended his campaign in…

ARTICLE

Boaty McBoatface II? P&O bravely asks the public to name its new... Boaty McBoatface II? P&O bravely asks the public to name its new ferry By 0 50 
The cruise company P&O has taken the plunge and decided to ask the public to name its new ferry. This comes in spite of the Boaty McBoatface debacle earlier this year. 
A 2016 attempt by the public to name a £200 million ($243 million) arctic research vessel Boaty McBoatface was foiled when the fun police decided it was just too daft. 
In a tweet posted on Wednesday, P&O threw caution to the wind, saying it is ' proud to announce that the name of our new ship… will be decided by you our guests! ' 
Read more 
Within minutes, Boaty McBoatface was reprised as a suggestion, alongside Cruisy McCruiseface and Shippy McShipface. 
Other suggestions ranged from Hard Brexit to Bryan Ferry, after the 1980s pop star. Sensing a deliberate cry for attention, another tweeter branded the ship HMS Social Media Gimmick. 
The original 'Boaty McBoatface' was eventually named RRS Richard Attenborough after the famed BBC explorer and zoologist. 
Earlier this year, the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC) asked the public to choose a name via the internet competition ' Name Our Ship, ' but after the exceedingly popular moniker ' Boaty McBoatface ' won the poll with more than 124,000 votes, the builders overruled the decision. 
In the face of public outcry, a small yellow submersible that will operate from the Richard Attenborough was christened Boaty McBoatface. 
The BBC naturalist attended the traditional keel-laying ceremony in Merseyside in October. 
The vessel will cost an estimated £200 million, and is the largest commercial shipbuilding project in Britain in over 30 years. It is expected to set sail to Antarctica in 2019, sending the most advanced research on the world's oceans and climate change back to Britain. 
Speaking on the BBC Radio 4 Today program, Sir David confirmed that the infamous moniker will be put to use for an autonomous submarine serving the ship. 
 

ARTICLE

Dakota Access pipeline protesters occupy Hillary Clinton campaign HQ Dakota Access pipeline protesters occupy Hillary Clinton campaign HQ By 0 65 
The campaign headquarters of Hillary Clinton in Brooklyn, New York, was taken over Thursday by protesters against the Dakota Access Pipeline being constructed in North Dakota and three other states. They're demanding the candidate declare where she stands. 
READ MORE: Arrests as North Dakota cops remove pipeline protesters from private land (PHOTOS, VIDEO) 
Surrounding a drum circle and teepee in the middle of Clinton's presidential campaign headquarters in Brooklyn was a coalition of Bernie Sanders supporters, environmentalists and members of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, all demonstrating against the planned 1,172-mile, $3.78 billion pipeline known as the Dakota Access. 
The activists who call themselves 'protectors, not protesters' are demanding Clinton openly take a position on the Dakota Access pipeline, or DAPL. 
The main protests are ongoing in North Dakota, where police ordered evacuations of activists demonstrating on private land reserved for the crude oil project. Other demonstrations have been held in the other states where the pipeline is scheduled to cross into, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois. 
Other Clinton campaign offices were also targeted in solidarity on Thursday, including the one in Seattle, Washington. 
 

ARTICLE

Stay ahead of the curve. Yes! Send me daily news! You have Successfully Subscribed!

ARTICLE

Jews Upset After Alex Jones Says 'Jewish Mafia' Runs America Jews Upset After Alex Jones Says 'Jewish Mafia' Runs America By 0 42 
Editor's Note: Alex Jones has spent most of his career warning us about the dangers of the Jesuit-Nazi-Eugenicists. Now, it appears that he has finally mustered the courage to discuss Jewish influence. 
Radio host and Donald Trump supporter Alex Jones ranted Tuesday about 'the Jewish mafia' that controls the U.S., and accused the prominent Jewish Emanuel family of being at the center of it. 
Jones, who has interviewed Trump on his show, went on a long harangue on the show, in which he denied being anti-Semitic, but seemed to blame Jews for all the problems in American society, Media Matters reported. 
''Cause let me tell you, the Emanuels are mafia,' Jones said of Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, a former chief of staff for President Barack Obama, and his also prominent Jewish brothers, Ari and Ezekiel. 'And you know, I was thinking, they're always trying to claim that if I talk about world government and corruption I'm anti-Semitic, there's mafias of all different stripes and groups, but since you want to talk about it, the Emanuels are Jewish mafia.' 
Jones went on to accuse Jews of controlling American society. 
'But I mean it's not that Jews are bad, it's just they are the head of the Jewish mafia in the United States. They run Uber, they run the health care, they're going to scam you, they're going to hurt you,' he said. 
In December, Trump appeared on 'The Alex Jones Show,' where the then-candidate for the Republican presidential nomination told the…

ARTICLE

PATRIOT Act At 15: Do You Feel Safer? PATRIOT Act At 15: Do You Feel Safer? By 0 43 
Yesterday was the 15th anniversary of President George W. Bush signing the PATRIOT Act into law. It was supposed to be only a temporary measure to address the emergency situation caused by the attacks of 9/11. Fifteen years later it has been re-authorized many times and last year some of its worst parts were codified into law in the USA FREEDOM Act. From the War Powers Resolution, to the FISA Court, to the 'reform' USA FREEDOM Act, bills that were designed to rein in government abuses end up just giving government more power. Is there anything we can do about it? Ron Paul Institute Senior Fellow Adam Dick joins today's Ron Paul Liberty Report to discuss:

ARTICLE

Waitress accidentally breaks ancient Roman statue at British Museum Waitress accidentally breaks ancient Roman statue at British Museum By 0 29 
A catering worker accidentally snapped the thumb off a priceless Roman statue at an event held at the British Museum. 
The caterer smacked her head on the marble hand of the world-renowned Townley Venus statue as she rose from bending down. 
The British Museum described it as an ' unfortunate incident ' which is being taken ' seriously .' 
Museum workers have reportedly managed to glue the thumb back onto the statue, which they describe as being fully restored. 
The incident took place last December, but was only reported to Trustees of the Museum in March. 
' This was an unfortunate incident. Our expert conservators have been able to fully restore the object and it has remained on public display ,' a museum spokesman said. 
' We have taken the incident seriously and have retrained all individuals responsible for events .' 
The Townley Venus dates from the first or second century AD and is named after wealthy English collector Charles Townley. 
It is adapted from a lost Greek original statue, dating from the fourth century BC, and depicts the goddess Venus with her torso nude. 
Several other priceless artefacts belonging to the British Museum have been accidentally damaged over the years, including the Elgin Marbles, which were damaged by two fighting schoolboys in 1961. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Bundy brothers, 5 other Malheur wildlife refuge occupiers not guilty of conspiracy,... Bundy brothers, 5 other Malheur wildlife refuge occupiers not guilty of conspiracy, firearm charges By 0 39 
Seven people involved in the anti-federal government occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge have been found not guilty of conspiring to impede federal workers from doing their jobs, including Ammon and Ryan Bundy. 
A jury found all seven remaining occupiers not-guilty of all charges except for one charge that has yet to be disclosed, KBOI reported . 
Ryan and Ammon Bundy, leaders of the six-week-long standoff in Oregon, along with several other members were also found not guilty of possessing a firearm in a federal facility. Posted by John Lamb on Thursday, October 27, 2016 
A live video from the Bundy Ranch's Facebook showed some supporters claiming that Ammon Bundy's attorney Marcus Mumford was tased in court by federal marshals. KATU reported that Mumford was in US Marshal custody after being allegedly tackled for yelling that Bundy was free to go following the announcement of the verdict. 
The Bundy brothers have yet to be released due to a federal hold over their standoff in Bunkerville, Nevada. Mumford's insistence that they were to be released in Oregon is what led to the fight between him and federal marshals, according to KATU. 
'None of their conduct was directed at employees,' one defendant's lawyer explained to KATU. He reiterated that there were no employees at the Malheur Reserve during the occupation and no threats were made towards employees. 
Defendant Neil Wampler told KATU, 'the verdict came back a clean sweep for all of us.' 
'This shows the absolute folly that has been committed by the federal government,' he said and called the trial 'political prosecution.' 
Wampler added that he had been worried about the results, but said 'the government boys were so mismanaged and so incompetent' that the jury was offered no incriminating evidence. 
Wampler said his next steps would be to support the Bundy brothers in Nevada, but in the meantime he'd like to 'go home, see my son, walk around my town, walk my dog.' BREAKING: Ammon and Ryan Bundy not guilty for conspiracy and firearms charge, per OPB. 
— KATU News (@KATUNews) October 27, 2016 Jury finds 7 Malheur occupiers not guilty of conspiring to impede federal workers from doing their jobs at refuge. #OregonStandoff 
— Hannah Button (@hbuttonnews) October 27, 2016 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Trump VP's plane slides off runway at New York airport Trump VP's plane slides off runway at New York airport By 0 84 
US Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence's plane slides off runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York in heavy rain. 
The plane carrying Pence ended up on the grass next to the runway in the incident which took place on Thursday night. 
None of the 37 passengers on board were injured. 
The airport has been closed until further notice. 
(To be updated…)

ARTICLE

Because of Hillary Clinton, Emergency-Contraception Is Banned In Honduras Because of Hillary Clinton, Emergency-Contraception Is Banned In Honduras By Eric Zuesse Of course, one of Hillary Clinton's proudest claims is that as the U.S. Secretary of State she championed reproductive choice throughout the world. She championed it in words, but her actions were sometimes in the opposite direction, and there is perhaps no nation where her actions as the U.S. Secretary of State had a bigger impact than Honduras, which case will therefore be examined, and her impact on this documented, here: The reason that the morning-after pill, which enables raped women to avoid becoming pregnant from a rape, was made illegal by the government that now exists in Honduras, is that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton persuaded President Barack Obama not to terminate U.S. financial aid to the coup-regime that came into power there on 28 June 2009. Without that aid, the democratically elected President would quickly have been restored. Though the U.S. Ambassador in Honduras told Secretary of State Clinton that there was no way in which that coup was legal and that consequently it undoubtedly was a 'coup' and that existing U.S. law therefore required U.S. funding of the Honduran government to cease immediately, she ignored the law, and she ignored everything except her friend Lanny Davis the lobbyist whom the coup-plotters had hired to represent them to Democrats (a different lobbyist was hired to represent them to the congressional Republicans). President Obama took his Secretary of State's advice and refused to enforce the law, and Hillary Clinton publicly praised what the regime was doing. The regime was condemned throughout Latin America, because the coup, which consisted of the local aristocracy or 'oligarchs', overthrew the democratically elected President of Honduras, who had wanted a land-reform law to be introduced. Immediately after the coup that overthrew him, the newly installed regime allowed the aristocrats' paid thugs to murder anyone who tried to lead the opposition; and therefore the regime that had been imposed by Honduras's aristocracy and kept in power by America's aristocracy, has remained stable since. However, after the coup, Honduras has had the world's highest murder-rate. Thus, it's a stable but now extraordinarily violent country. (Detailed documentation of every allegation in this paragraph can be found in the 'Honduras' section of this article I earlier wrote about 'Hillary Clinton's Six Foreign-Policy Catastrophes' ; and that section on Honduras, in turn, links to 68 sources, which provide the sometimes gruesome details regarding Hillary Clinton's impact upon the lives of the Honduran people since the coup. However, that article didn't mention this matter concerning contraception, rape, and abortion; and, so, the present article will be an extension from that earlier one, dealing specifically with Hillary Clinton's impact upon family-planning and reproductive choice in Honduras.) One feature of the new, U.S.-backed, regime, was the imposition of draconian fundamentalist laws against contraception and intensifying the abortion-ban. On 13 February 2012, the Center for Reproductive Rights headlined 'Honduras Supreme Court Upholds Absolute Ban on Emergency Contraception, Opens Door to Criminalize Women and Medical Professionals' and reported: The Honduras Supreme Court has upheld the country's absolute ban on emergency contraception, which would criminalize the sale, distribution, and use of the 'morning-after pill' — imposing punishment for offenders equal to that of obtaining or performing an abortion, which in Honduras is completely restricted. 'By banning and criminalizing emergency contraception, Honduras is telling the world it would rather imprison the women of its country than provide them with safe and effective birth control,' said Luisa Cabal, director of international legal programs at the Center for Reproductive Rights. 'Today's decision from the Honduras Supreme Court blatantly disregards women's fundamental reproductive rights and completely ignores the respected medical opinion of experts around the globe. It will cause significant harm in the lives countless women and doctors across the country. … Consequently, the hell in Honduras has been accentuated by punishment of women who have been raped, and punishment of doctors and pharmacists who try to help them. The President whom Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, and the ten main aristocratic families of Honduras , overthrew and prohibited from running for President ever again, Manuel Zelaya, had, in April 2009, vetoed a law that the Honduran legislature (controlled by those ten families plus another 15 or so ) had just passed to ban the morning-after pill. So, that law didn't enter into force until the U.S.-imposed regime restored it. However, the restoration of the ban wasn't final until this decision was handed down by the Honduran Supreme Court. As Amnesty International said at that time : On 1 February, the Supreme Court in Honduras upheld a decree imposing an absolute ban on emergency contraception. This decree was vetoed in May 2009 by the former President on grounds that it conflicted with the Constitution. The Supreme Court has now concluded that the decree is constitutional and that Congress can begin to develop laws enforcing a ban of the emergency contraceptive pill on the basis of its alleged 'abortive' nature. The World Health Organization, Pan-American Health Organization, and several other expert bodies have clearly stated that the emergency contraceptive pill is not abortive; it is a form of contraception that works by ensuring the egg is inaccessible and impeding fertilization. The criminalization of the emergency contraceptive pill will have appalling consequences. For example, rape victims will be unable to prevent pregnancy … And so it has been in Honduras. During the period since the 28 June 2009 Honduran U.S.-backed coup, the hell in Honduras has been so bad that Honduras has become one of the top sources of illegal immigration into the United States. The world-record-high murder-rates and crushing poverty, with no opportunity for the public to 'move up in the world' other than through becoming one of the paid enforcers for the aristocrats, which often also entails leading the now-booming drug-gangs there, has essentially forced out of Honduras millions of residents, and many of them have escaped through Mexico into the United States, in order to be able to have a decent life, rather than murder and be murdered. Hillary Clinton's opponent in the U.S. Presidential campaign, Donald Trump, never talks about the hell that Clinton and Obama have been imposing around the world (except regarding non-Christian-majority countries such as Libya), and he seems to view illegal immigrants as if U.S. foreign policies have nothing to do with creating the problems that those people are facing, but there is no indication that he would continue those policies, which have been causing them to be illegal immigrants here. To the contrary, his anti-interventionist foreign-policy proposals would be inconsistent with coups and invasions regarding any foreign country whose government is not posing an imminent threat to U.S. national security. Trump's foreign-policy proposals are not in any way favorable toward those of Hillary Clinton (who is simply an extreme version of Obama's worst policy-orientations). (And America's own Federation of American Scientists has stated that Obama is lying in order to 'justify' his policy now to ignore existing in-force nuclear treaties with Russia as being supposedly not violations of them. So, though he may not be as much of a neoconservative as she is, he basically is one, too. His aggression against Russia is subtle , but forceful .) Consequently, at least regarding foreign policy, a President Trump would be authentic change, irrespective of whether a particular voter would approve of that change as opposed to continuing America's existing foreign policy but in a more extreme way. Among other things, a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote to retain the status-quo in Honduras and around the world, but to go much farther in the same direction. A vote for Donald Trump is a vote to change that status-quo — to change (and in some important respects reverse ) that direction . The biggest impact of this election will be on foreign (including both economic and military) policy. Even domestically within the United States, the difference between the two candidates on foreign policies will have a much bigger impact, including possibly even nuclear war , than will the other policy-areas, which the general public erroneously think will have a bigger impact upon their lives and their future than will foreign policies. (And here are quoted recent reports in the Washington Post , Spiegel , Huffington Post , and other serious media, discussing her preparing her coming Administration's plans and personnel for a war with Russia; and Obama is right now setting everything up for her to be able to start the war as soon as possible.) Regardless of whether the American public know it, the main impact of this Presidential election will be on foreign policy, including on the immense impacts that foreign policy will have domestically. So: this is not the time when the U.S. will be progressing but instead regressing, and intelligent voters will be aiming to minimize the harms, rather than to achieve progress. Progress, at this stage so late in the game, is still being hoped-for only by some fools who happen to be also progressives. Any intelligent progressive, at this late stage, is focused entirely upon minimizing the harm. And the maximum harm could happen with surprising rapidity. (Back in 1961, the estimation of experts was that — as one of the few who spoke publicly stated — 'A nuclear war between the United States and Russia would be all over in 24 or 48 hours because both sides would let go with their full atomic arsenals.' The estimates today are far more precise but unpublished, and they're all well under an hour — some as low as 20 minutes.) There wouldn't be any surrender, nor any armistice. There would only be the end of civilization , and unspeakable misery (including details that are ignored by the major media, such as this ) until practically everyone is dead (from starvation if nothing else). Those are the stakes in this election. Even to be debating domestic issues at a time like this, simply doesn't make any sense. But the situation in Honduras points up the ridiculousness, in a fundamentally different context, which is why I am writing about it now.

ARTICLE

US Supreme Court justice groped female lawyer in 1999: Report US Supreme Court justice groped female lawyer in 1999: Report By 0 40 
A female lawyer has accused US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas of sexually assaulting her in 1999, a report says. 
Moira Smith, who works as a corporate lawyer with an Alaska energy company, said the judge made unwanted sexual advances on her during a dinner party when she was 23-year-old, the National Law Journal reported on Thursday. 
She said Thomas grabbed and squeezed her buttocks several times during the party in Falls Church, Virginia. 
'Justice Thomas touched me inappropriately and without my consent,' Smith said. 
'He groped me while I was setting the table, suggesting I should sit 'right next to him,'' Smith said. 
'He was 5 or 6 inches down and he got a good handful and he kept squeezing me and pulling me close to him,' she stated, according to the Journal . 
In a statement to the National Law Journal , Thomas, 68, dismissed the allegation as 'preposterous', saying that the incident 'never happened.' 
Smith, currently vice…

ARTICLE

Oakland's Honor Band Kneels in Protest of Police Violence Oakland's Honor Band Kneels in Protest of Police Violence By 0 43 
A group of middle and high school students in Oakland, California, recently made international news when they joined San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick's silent protest against racism and police violence in the United States. The students, members of the Oakland Unified School District's Honour Band, knelt as they played the national anthem before a professional baseball game. 
The year 7 and 8 students spoke to Red Flag about their decision to 'take the knee.' Inspired by Kaepernick, high school members of the district's school band first proposed the idea. Right away, the middle schoolers knew that it would be controversial. From their first day of school, US children are taught to show extreme reverence for the national flag during the anthem. This includes standing with hats off and hands on their hearts. Anything else is seen as highly disrespectful. 
Despite this, some of the students felt so passionately about the need to take a stand against recent police killings that they still wanted to do it. 
One student, Mikayla, 14, delivered an impassioned speech to the others about the need to stand up against racism. 'I wanted us to kneel because as a country we need to have a conversation about what is going on here,' she said, explaining why she felt so strongly. 'We have been turning our backs on murder and racism, and I was tired of not doing anything about it.' 
Before the game, band conductor Zack Pitt-Smith made it clear the decision to kneel would be each student's choice. Even as they took the field, no-one was sure who was going to do it. 
Serena, 14, remembers, 'I was scared to kneel because I wasn't sure if anyone else would join me. I was thinking, 'Should I kneel? I feel very strongly about this — I'm going to do it.' But I was still shaking because I didn't know what everyone else would do.' 
Nearly all of the 155 band members knelt as they played. Everyone had their own reasons. 'I'm learning about human rights in history class, and the number…

ARTICLE

What Is Behind The Push For War With Russia? What Is Behind The Push For War With Russia? By 0 23 
This is a Jewish thing. But it is not just that Jews want to destroy things for no reason. But this is, especially among the American Jewish elite, a vendetta against Vladimir Putin. This vendetta was described by American academia's preeminent Russia scholar, Professor Stephen F. Cohen. 
To be sure, Cohen did not say in so many words that this was a 'Jewish' vendetta. But he also did not call it a 'globalist' or 'corporate' or 'reptilian Nazi' vendetta, which are just ways of distracting attention away from the Jewish role. He blamed a war party which he described as led by the (((New York Times))), the (((Washington Post))), and officials in the Defense and State Department like (((Victoria Nuland))). Connect the dots for yourselves, goys. 
He does not say why this 'war party,' as he calls it, wants to regime change Putin. But a look at recent Russian history, a history that he has written so much about, makes it clear. 
After the Soviet Union was dismantled in what was basically an unconstitutional coup carried out by the Russian President Boris Yeltsin at a time when Russia was just one (although by far the largest) of the 15 Soviet republics that made up the Soviet Union, he proceeded to privatize state assets as part of a 'shock therapy' program pushed by Harvard Professor (((Jeffrey Sachs))), who was brought in as an advisor by Privatization Minister (((Anatoly Chubais))). 
President Clinton sent over more Jews to advise Yeltsin on how to…

ARTICLE

Teenager 'enamored with ISIS' in court over 'viable device' found on London... Teenager 'enamored with ISIS' in court over 'viable device' found on London Underground By 0 53 
A poker-fixated teenager, who was 'enamored with ISIS' and charged in connection with a 'viable device' found on the London Underground, has appeared in court. 
Damon Smith, 19, of South East London, has been accused of unlawfully and maliciously making or possessing an explosive substance with intent to endanger life or cause serious danger to property, the Metropolitan Police said. BREAKING – 19 year old Damon Smith charged with possessing or constructing explosives after device left on London tube train last Thursday pic.twitter.com/b0BekmI1aw 
— Mark White (@skymarkwhite) October 26, 2016 
He did not enter a plea in relation to the charge during his hearing at the Westminster Magistrates' Court on Thursday. 
Defence counsel Simon Eastwood, however, indicated that his client, who has a form of autism, would be pleading not guilty on the grounds it was a prank, according to Sky News. 
The device was found last Thursday on a tube carriage on the Jubilee Line at North Greenwich station, near the O2 Arena. It had been left inside an abandoned black Adidas rucksack and was found by two members of the public. 
Read more 
The station was evacuated for several hours, and counter-terrorism police destroyed the item in a controlled explosion. 
The prosecution told the court that experts carried out a forensic examination of the package and deemed it to be a 'viable improvised explosive device' which would have caused injury had it detonated. 
The bomb was a 'pressure' type device and contained grey powder, ball bearings, and a clock-type detonator, the court was told. 
Four properties have been searched in connection with the investigation. 
On Saturday, another device was discovered at an address in Newton Abbot by police investigating the North Greenwich incident. The item was later declared not viable. 
Smith had just moved to London from Newton Abbot, Devon, to study IT at the London Metropolitan University. 
He has been described as a 'mummy's boy' and a 'loner,' with an interest in martial arts and online poker. 
Friends of Smith have also claimed he was 'enamored' with Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL), Sky reports. 
'He had a Koran and knew several phrases and he wore a black headscarf. Damon had replica guns and air rifles and even posted a video of himself shooting a replica Glock on YouTube,' a former friend told the Sun. 
Smith has been remanded back into custody and will next appear at the Old Bailey on November 17. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Former Miss Finland accuses Trump of sexual assault, bringing number of accusers... Former Miss Finland accuses Trump of sexual assault, bringing number of accusers to 12 By 0 58 
Miss Finland 2006 has become the 12th woman to accuse Donald Trump of sexual assault. Ninni Laaksonen claims the presidential candidate groped her while they took a picture together before an appearance on 'The Late Show with David Letterman' 10 years ago. 
Laaksonen, now 30, told Finnish newspaper Ilta-Sanomat on Thursday that Trump groped her in New York in July 2006. A translation provided by the Daily Beast explains that the incident occurred when she and three other Miss Universe contestants were taking photos outside the Late Show studio. 
' Trump stood right next to me and suddenly he squeezed my butt. He really grabbed my butt, ' she said. ' I don't think anybody saw it but I flinched and thought, 'What is happening?' ' 
The beauty queen also attended parties at Trump's residence with Melania, whom he had married one year prior to the incident. 
' Somebody told me there that Trump liked me because I looked like Melania when she was younger ,' she told The Telegraph. 
Trump has vowed to sue all of his accusers, calling them ' horrible, horrible liars .' However, he may have a difficult time taking Laaksonen to court, as she currently lives in Finland where she runs Ninnin Lifestyle and Living, a beauty and cosmetic company. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Photo by Jamelle Bouie | CC BY 2.0 

According to the mainstream media, in a recent speech in West Palm Beach, Donald Trump finally completely lost it. Sawing the air with his tiny hands in a unmistakeably Hitlerian manner, he spat out a series of undeniably hateful anti-Semitic code words … like 'political establishment,' 'global elites' and, yes, 'international banks.' He even went so far as to claim that 'corporations' and their (ahem) 'lobbyists' have millions of dollars at stake in this election, and are trying to pass the TTP, not to benefit the American people, but simply to enrich themselves. He then went on to accuse the media of collaborating with 'the Clinton machine,' presumably to benefit these 'global elites' and 'international banks' and 'lobbyists.' 
Now, a lot of folks didn't immediately recognize the secret meanings of these fascistic code words, and so mistakenly assumed that 'global elites' referred to the transnational capitalist ruling classes, and that 'lobbyists' referred to actual lobbyists, and that 'banks' meant … well … you know, banks. As it turned out, this was completely wrong. None of these words actually meant what they meant, not in anti-Semitic CodeSpeak. So the mainstream media translated for us. 'Political establishment' meant 'the Jews.' 'Global elites' also meant 'the Jews.' 'Banks' meant 'Jews.' 'Lobbyists' meant 'Jews.' Even 'corporate…

ARTICLE

Love Him or Hate Him Love Him or Hate Him By 52 
The U.S. Elections: The Latest Crack in the System 
The 2016 U.S. presidential elections are unprecedented: I don't believe we have ever witnessed before a campaign year so toxic, so dangerously divisive and full of ad hominem attacks. Both camps have vilified the opposition and their followers, creating a schism in society. There has been no rational dialogue on the issues that truly concern the American public. 
Instead, we have witnessed personal insults and petty attacks, rumors and gossip. At this point, as a result of this catastrophic campaign, the public will not vote in favor of the candidate they agree with the most or the one they like, but against the one they hate! 
In this article, we do not focus on comparisons between Clinton and Trump; enough has been said and written about the candidates themselves. Here, we look at their supporters – the crowd behind the candidates, those that will in fact shape American policy making in the coming four years. 
Hillary Clinton: The Establishment Remains in Control 
Current Prices on popular forms of Gold Bullion 
The most important and formidable group within those backing Clinton belong to the upper echelon of society: Wall Street's movers and shakers, big business, the top of the political pyramid and the servants and profiteers of the public sector. In one word: the establishment. 
Clinton's support base includes therefore practically everyone who profits from government regulations and government corruption – they have everything to lose if Hillary doesn't win. It is the same group that advocates and leads the political correctness movement ; they are those state-bred and fed intellectuals who poison the university campus and mass media circus with their belief that they can transform the U.S. into a 'utopia'. 
In reality, this 'utopia' will be created through intense centralization, endless wars and plundering, only to create a totalitarian government where the political elite enforces its will and instructs the public on how to live a happy life, which only benefits the top strata of society that designed it in the first place. Years ago, Jewish American philosopher Hannah Arendt summarized the toxic impact of political correctness as follows: 
'There is no thought process without freedom. To deprive man of his liberty is to deprive him of his own ideas, and if one is not allowed to think, only subjugation and slavery remain.' 
This can only be achieved through a strong foothold on the centralized state and its propaganda engine, the mass media, operating under the doctrine of Edward Bernays, the father of propaganda, better known as public relations. 
Then there's the other extreme of Clinton's supporters: the artificially created underprivileged minorities. These groups have come to depend on the state for support and protection, which has also made it easy for the state to indoctrinate them and reset their mindset to its advantage. 
Those are the people who have fallen in the trap of thinking that only the state can provide them with what they need for a good life, when in reality it only disempowered them. The globalist Clinton herself accuses Trump of 'populism', casting 'nationalism' in a negative light, but she is actually the one promising free lunches for everyone: lenient immigration laws, higher minimum wages, universal healthcare, etc. 
Clinton also preaches against income inequality and condemns Wall Street greed in her speeches, while her campaign cashes in from Wall Street's finest: JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs. Under those circumstances… what can you possibly do? Ms. Clinton's top five donors are Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, DLA Piper, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley. Somehow we don't think Wall Street has reason to fear her much. Cartoon by Cataslino 
Trump – the Greatest Politically Incorrect Shock in Decades? 
Whenever people are forced by the government to accept and pay for things they do not want, the outcome is discontent and opposition, typically suppressed and downplayed by the mainstream media in accordance with the state's agenda of political correctness. This further escalates the situation and things often take unpleasant turns, including the fostering of racist and bigoted subsections that we see within the Trump voting base. 
But they are not the majority, not by long shot! One might get this impression, because the mainstream media tend to focus exclusively on this sub-set of supporters through footage and interviews at Trump rallies, because they are considered 'interesting' material; after all, they say outrageously horrible things and are therefore great for TV sensationalism. 
What does Donald Trump stand for? From my perspective, for anything and everything! He stands for everyone who is sick and tired of the current system and the political elite who have grown out of touch with ordinary American citizens. You will find them among the working class, small business owners, and the segment of society that used to be known as the middle class before the crisis; they all harbor grievances against the establishment. 
These are people who understand that the slogan 'the Union and the Constitution forever' has been under attack and downgraded to nothing more than an empty phrase by the power elite and the Deep State. We see first hand how the Patriot Act directly violates not only the first amendment's guarantee of free speech, but also the fourth and fifth amendments, thereby tearing apart the very foundation of a country once based on respect for civil liberties. 
There is no doubt that the second amendment will be crushed under Clinton as well, 'regulating to extinction' the natural right to self-defense and personal sovereignty. We must never forget that we are born with inherent rights, that can neither be granted nor taken away from us by the State. As Judge Napolitano once put it: 
'Natural law teaches that our freedoms are pre-political and come from our humanity and not from the government. As our humanity is ultimately divine in origin, the government, even by majority vote, cannot morally take natural rights away from us. A natural right is an area of individual human behavior – like thought, speech, worship, travel, self-defense, privacy, ownership and use of property, consensual personal intimacy – immune from government interference and for the exercise of which we don't need the government's permission.' 
Even though polls suggest that Trump is trailing nationally, they probably underestimate exactly how big the Trump wave is, and it is significant: between 74% and 83% of Republicans said they will support him (according to polls conducted between Oct 9 th -11 th ). But there is also the silent majority that has been present at his rallies. This silent majority does not necessarily consist of Trump fans, but they do not want to see the country falling into the abyss of state centralization and political correctness. 
They want to discontinue the economic system that has taken them from bad to worse – they are the American version of the European anti-establishment movement. They are well aware of Trump's coarse character and crude remarks, but feel they can overlook that, for the sake of his main strategic advantage: Trump's promise that he does not want America to be controlled by the establishment anymore. 
A Tale of Two Hatreds 
'Politics is like sausage being made. It is unsavory, and it always has been that way, but we usually end up where we need to be. But if everybody's watching… then people get a little nervous, to say the least. So, you need both a public and a private position.' Hillary Clinton, National Multi-Housing Council, April 2013 
One key reason behind the peoples' hostility towards Clinton is that she personally embodies the hypocrisy and the hubris of the U.S. federal government itself: a government that maims and kills millions with its war on terror, it arms and supports murderous regimes and ideological fanatics and it is known to deploy chemical, biological and nuclear weapons. And yet, it somehow pretends to hold the moral high ground and lectures others on human rights. 
Just as America is an 'exceptional' country, for which normal standards don't apply, Clinton is its 'exceptional' candidate. She accuses her opponent of populism, when her own platform is entirely based on crowd-pleasing promises. 
She calls Trump's policies fascistic while her own would put the final nail on the coffin of free speech. She claims to stand up for the little guy, while she funds her campaign with Wall Street money. She positions herself as the defender of minorities' and women's rights, while her Foundation accepts donations from the most oppressive regimes on the planet. 
At the same time, the American electorate also feels hostility for Trump; that hate is not equivalent though, as few would argue he is trying to hide who he is. The reason why so many dislike him is very different, and it has to do with the identity he projects. He is the ultimate 'anti-intellectual'. 
Of course the term 'intellectual' is quite broad these days, and many intellectuals dislike Trump solely because of what it would say about who they are (in the eyes of their like-minded peers). But these people share a common denominator: they are educated beyond their intelligence and critically depend on repeating what other 'intellectual' people say, as they feel (consciously or not) their ignorance would be exposed if they dared to express an original idea. Trump's world, according to a recent NYT cartoon. The statist intelligentsia certainly feels threatened by Trump. Cartoon by Chappatte 
The Day After: The Legacy of a Bitter Campaign Year 
Unfortunately, whoever wins, the nation will pay a price for this 'divide and conquer' rhetoric. Americans today are too polarized and the tensions that are brewing in the background will not just go away the day after the election: racial and social divisions, as well as the split caused by the choice between a planned vs. a free market economy, a big or a small government. 
Under Trump, we can only hope that America will be given time to heal and to overcome these divisions. Free speech is key: Society can only heal if it returns to a culture of debate with a willingness to agree to disagree. 
From what we know from modern American history, we shouldn't be surprised that the financial markets appear to prefer Hillary over Trump. Wall Street, the bankers and the military industrial complex are expected to continue to thrive under President Clinton. The establishment will live on. Right now the establishment is seemingly pushing for war against Russia and Clinton is undeniably on board with this aggressive narrative. 
And then we have Trump, who is certainly far from perfect. His objectification of women, his comments about Muslims and minorities, his crass demeanor: All these have made it very hard for him to find support for his genuine policy points. 
Even if the actual net effect of his policies were to benefit women, he won't get them on his side by calling them pigs – there is a difference between free speech and just being plain rude, uncivil and vulgar. We may disagree with his infamous 'wall' with Mexico and demands for 'a new budget to rebuild our depleted military' (which makes him no different from Clinton). But he is an outsider, a businessman, and most importantly, a crack in system! 
He challenges the status quo, and that's why the status quo attacks him, by trying to ridicule both him and his voters, by painting them as extremists, or as ignorant and racist. The question is, why don't we just let Trump be Trump? 
As he himself said: 'It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to!'. Consider the boldness of this statement – regardless of whether one agrees with him, he stands confidently for his principles and ideas, even against his own party's leaders (many of which have withdrawn their support). This is a clear projection of power and independence; it says that no one can dictate their demands to him. It says that he is unafraid to speak his mind. 
I say, we should trust his followers. It seems clear that most Trump voters are striving to defend the essence of the constitution and its original intent – to be the basis of a free society. And for me as a believer in civil rights and sovereignty, this is enough to give him or let me rather say, his voters, the benefit of the doubt.

ARTICLE

Whales, elephants of the deep with fins the size of sheds and flukes prepared to consecrate nearby trollers. 
Queen of clubs, thin, black hair razored at edges slinking hats and vests, Fells Point. 
A hat, Napoleonic or Yellowbeard typhoon, skink darting palmettos, hummingbird at Roth's feeder hanging above the lake house deck just before, just before its earth curved beak injects ink into twilight, just before the tightly wound shatters the silence, just before wings crackle and refuel themselves, of Italian cabinet members misbehaving with washer women, just before a tumor threatened civilization as we know it, just before the curtain was made of iron, just before we found the bomb and the bomb found the money, or was it the other way around? 
with new technology: tape recorders, answering machines and Pentagon Papers; governments took things for granted, until things got out of hand Most are regrouping, reincorporating, in hopes of positive returns on their investments. 
You didn't think they were complete idiots, now, did you?

ARTICLE

Pro-Palestinian protesters trap pro-Israel students in London university hall Pro-Palestinian protesters trap pro-Israel students in London university hall By 0 149 
Police were called after pro-Palestinian protesters stormed an Israel event at a London university, yelling 'shame, shame' and trapping attendees in the room the talk was being held in, it has been reported. 
Israeli activist Hen Mazzig was addressing a group at University College London (UCL) on Thursday about the conflict between Israel and Palestine when protesters from the Friends of Palestine Society tried to stop his speech by chanting: 'From the river to the sea, Palestine will be free.' 
According to the Jewish Chronicle, protesters then blocked attendees from leaving or getting into the lecture hall, chanting: '5, 6, 7, 8, Israel's a terror state.' 
Officers reportedly told attendees to not leave the room without police protection. One student claimed she had been 'assaulted' and 'attacked' by the protesters. I was assaulted. We were attacked. But freedom will prevail. @HenMazzig did a great job sharing his story amidst a whirlwind of hate. #UCL 
— Devora Khafi (@DevoraKhafi) October 27, 2016 
In a video broadcast on Facebook from inside the hall, Mazzig tells his followers: 'The situation is really out of control, we're hiding in a room and there are protesters outside. 
'I don't think that even in my days in the IDF [Israel Defense Forces] it was as bad as it is right now, it's really scary,' he said. 
He later tweeted: 'I had to be rushed out of the event at @UCL with security. The campus was the war zone and the streets are the safe place. I'm out. My god.' 
In a statement, the Union of Jewish students said: 'There can be no excuses for the events that took place at UCL last night. 
'The fact that such violence and hostility took place only nine months after the incident at KCL [King's College London], with police having once again to be called, is an absolute disgrace. 
'UCL Friends of Israel were simply trying to engage students in discussion on Israel, but instead were met with a wall of intolerance and intimidation aimed at shutting down free speech.' 
Earlier this year, protesters interrupted a talk by Ami Ayalon, an ex-commander of the Israeli Navy and former head of the Shin Bet, at King's College in London. One protester was later found guilty of assaulting a Jewish student at that protest. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Snowden's former employer hires ex-FBI director to review security after 2nd data... Snowden's former employer hires ex-FBI director to review security after 2nd data breach By 0 144 
Booz Allen Hamilton has hired an ex-FBI director to launch an external review of security and staffing procedures after an employee stole up to 500 million pages of data, marking the second NSA breach in just three years since the Snowden case. 
Craig Veith, Booz Allen vice president for external relations, said on Thursday that Robert Mueller, who became director of the FBI one week before the 9/11 attacks and led the agency for 12 years, will conduct 'a fair, objective and thorough review,' according to the Wall Street Journal. 
Read more 
The announcement came after Harold Martin III, a former Booz Allen employee and US Navy veteran, was charged in what is believed to be one of the largest classified data breaches in US history. 
Edward Snowden's case is likely to pale in comparison to that of Martin's when it comes to the number of documents stolen. Prosecutors said that Martin had taken as many as 500 million pages of top secret information, which equals 50 terabytes of data, along with six more boxes of files, many of which were reportedly left open in his house or car. 
The man, already dubbed 'the second Snowden', had nothing to do with blowing the whistle on NSA surveillance activities, his lawyers argued. Instead, they described Martin as a 'voracious reader committed to being excellent at his work,' according to the Washington Post. 
Martin's attorney, James Wyda, told a US magistrate judge last week that gathering terabytes of classified information 'began as an effort to be better at his job,' adding that he is 'a compulsive hoarder' rather than a 'traitor.' 
Prosecutors insisted, however, that Martin remain in custody, alleging they found the names of US intelligence operatives in the files stolen by the former Booz Allen employee, citing a particular threat to the safety of officers working undercover abroad. 
Commenting on Mueller's appointment, Booz Allen vice president Veith said that 'we are an organization that prides itself on constant learning. If there are areas where Booz Allen can improve, we will address them.' 
After leaving the FBI in 2013, Mueller became a visiting professor at Stanford University where he focused on cyber-security issues. 
Questions, however, still remain about how these breaches could happen twice in just three years despite the company's assurances of learning lessons and improving internal control after Snowden's revelations that shed light on NSA wiretapping activities in the US and other countries. 
Coleen Rowley, a former FBI agent, told RT earlier in October that the number of US citizens having top secret clearances or access to classified information 'has soared' through the years. 
'The last I heard it is something like five million Americans have been cleared for classified information. So, any time you get that large of a number, you are going to have all kinds of potential. And it doesn't matter contractors or government, both of them,' she said. 
Via RT . This piece was reprinted by RINF Alternative News with permission or license.

ARTICLE

Tony Blair suggests a second referendum to reverse Brexit Tony Blair suggests a second referendum to reverse Brexit By 0 149 
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair says Britain should keep its 'options open' on whether or not to leave the European Union until after Brexit talks with the bloc are completed. 
During an interview on Friday with BBC Radio 4's 'Today' program, Blair described the EU referendum as 'a catastrophe' and said UK voters should be given the option of a second EU referendum. 
Britain should not withdraw from the EU until it becomes clearer how Brexit would impact UK's economic, social and cultural future, Blair said. 
'The bizarre thing about this referendum is that we took a decision but we still don't know the precise terms,' he said. 'There's got to be some way, either through parliament, or through an election, possibly through another referendum, that people express their view.' 
The former premier, who was in office from 1997 until 2007, said it should be possible for the public to switch their verdict if it becomes clear the…

ARTICLE

Prison Labor is Slavery by Another Name Prison Labor is Slavery by Another Name By 0 151 
Right now there's a national movement mobilizing to raise the federal minimum wage to a living wage of $15 an hour. But imagine if instead of earning even that much, you could only earn a few cents an hour. 
If that sounds like something from the developing world, think again. The reality is our prisons are perpetuating slave labor . 
Every day, incarcerated people work long hours for barely any money. Meanwhile, prisons charge inmates for everything from telephone calls, to extra food and convenience items, to occupying a bed. 
In an official statement announcing the start of the historically largest nationwide prison strike, the IWW Incarcerated Workers Organizing Committee wrote: 'In one voice, rising from the cells of long term solitary confinement, echoed in the dormitories and cell blocks from Virginia to Oregon, we prisoners across the United States vow to finally end slavery in 2016.' 
The prison system profits from mass incarceration. Prisons have numerous incentives to fill beds — including the cheap labor prisoners provide — and very little incentive to treat prisoners like human beings. (Photo: Shutterstock) 
Current minimum wage laws don't apply to people in prison, nor do labor rights regulations. So prisoners experiencing grueling hours or cruel treatment don't have any recourse to file complaints or seek restitution. 
On the contrary, clear human rights violations – including chain gangs — go unchecked all the time. 
And the prison system targets an already incredibly vulnerable population. Most inmates aren't just low-income — they're the poorest of the poor. In 2014, prior to their incarceration, inmates generally made over 40 percent less than their peers. 
Much of the prison population only wound up in the system in the first place because of policies that criminalize race, poverty, and mental health. 
Some are there because they couldn't afford to post bail after facing minimal charges. Others end up back in the system because of stigma and policies that make it difficult to find a job as an ex-convict. 
Others still are locked up for being homeless and sleeping on the street, or stealing food. Many with mental illnesses end up cycling between the emergency room and a jail cell. 
But even those with steady work, once inside prison, can't continue to earn a decent living. On just a few pennies an hour, prisoners can't support themselves or their families, or earn enough to survive once they reenter society. 
People who spend years or even decades behind bars lose years worth of wages and have few resources for food or rent post-incarceration. It's easy to see how prisons trap people in a cycle of poverty that helps ensure that even if released, they're likely to end up back in prison. 
The majority of these prisoners are people of color who've been disproportionately targeted for imprisonment — from racial profiling to the failed war on drugs that targeted black communities starting in the 1980s. 
And it's not just the wages that are reminiscent of slavery. 
One in ten prisoners is subject to physical and sexual abuse by guards and fellow inmates, according to the first National Former Prisoners Survey . 
There's no real infrastructure to address the physical and mental consequences that come with this abuse. Meanwhile, prison wardens, correction officers, and prison administrators are rarely held accountable for their actions. 
Some of these injustices have inspired the Department of Justice to end federal contracts with private prisons, but that's not enough. 
The Eighth Amendment states that cruel and unusual punishment is illegal in this country. Yet, today people are slaving away in prison factories, under working conditions that first prompted the rise of the labor movement. 
Prisoners are human beings who deserve the same human rights and dignity as the rest of us. 
We must end the practice of prison labor. It's slavery by another name, and we have a clear obligation to ensure that slavery is completely eradicated in the United States.

ARTICLE

Inside the Invisible Government; War, Propaganda, Clinton & Trump Inside the Invisible Government; War, Propaganda, Clinton & Trump By 208 
The American journalist, Edward Bernays, is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. 
The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psycho-analysis, it was Bernays who coined the term 'public relations' as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. 
In 1929, he persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade – behaviour then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, 'Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!' 
Bernays' influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was 'engineering the consent' of people in order to 'control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it'. 
He described this as 'the true ruling power in our society' and called it an 'invisible government'. 
Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged. 
Imagine two cities. 
Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. 
But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters…

