ARTICLE

By Rixon Stewart on October 27, 2016 Rixon Stewart — Oct 26, 2016 Donald Trump warned on Tuesday that Hillary Clinton's Syrian policy could ignite World War III. 'She has no plan for Syria. And, look, with her you'll end up in World War III. She doesn't know what she's doing, just like with Libya, just like with everything else she's done. So, Syria now is no longer Syria. Syria is Russia and the new Iran, that we built through the Iran deal, which is the worst—one of the worst negotiated deals I've ever seen.” ( democracynow.org ) Trump isn't alone in warning of the danger to world peace a Hillary Clinton presidency would bring. Russia's President Vladimir Putin has also sounded a similar warning, telling reporters recently: 'Mrs Clinton has chosen to take up a very aggressive stance against our country, against Russia” Putin was quoted as saying. Unfortunately the elite want to see WWIII unfold as they see it as a solution to their most pressing problem: too many useless eaters. As a result they've set into motion plans for a large-scale military clash between the West and Russia and its allies. The end result, they hope, will be massive depopulation. Leaving themselves as overlords and those few who survive as little more than serfs on their global plantation. To this end U.S., British, Canadian, Italian and German forces are all preparing to deploy to eastern Europe early next year. Although ostensibly to deter 'Russian aggression”, many of these combat ready units will be deployed within sight of Russia's border. To those in Russia this will look less like a deterrent and more like a direct threat to their own sovereignty. Perfect Timing Assuming she wins, and there is good reason to believe that the polls will be rigged to ensure that she does, this will also coincide with Hillary Clinton assuming office. And as a mentor once remarked: there's no such thing as coincidence. So the pieces are being put into place for an almighty clash between Russia and the West and the elite want Clinton to preside over it. She's already voiced her readiness to impose a no-fly zone over Syria , a move that could easily provoke a military clash between Russia and the West. Moreover such a confrontation won't merely involve Russia and the West; Syria and Iran would also be involved as would China. In other words a win for Hillary could easily set the stage for a world war. That's what the elite want and that's why we believe the U.S. presidential vote will be rigged in her favour. The warning signs are there to be seen. Tens of thousands of voting machines, which have been linked to George Soros and were used in a disputed election in Venezuela in 2004, are to be used in key states in the Nov 8 election. In addition surveys claiming Hillary a clear favourite have been called into question by the sheer numbers attending election rallies. While Donald Trump has been drawing capacity crowds Hillary Clinton's campaign gatherings have been noticeably less well attended . There is moreover a wide disparity in pre-election opinion polls. Some are putting Trump ahead . While others are giving Clinton a double digit lead . Landing in Pennsylvania now. Great new poll this morning, thank you. Lets #DrainTheSwamp and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain ! TRUMP 42% 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 22, 2016 Call me a conspiracy theorist but such a wide discrepancy in campaign rally crowd numbers and survey findings suggests that the poll figures are being manipulated to create the illusion of support for Hillary. The elite have been trying to pull off a major global military clash for years. They tried it with Iran and its alleged nuclear weapons program. That failed after the Ayatollah proved himself to clever to fall into their trap. Now however, they've got Hillary Clinton to do their bidding as they prepare to position her as President of the United States. The warning signs are as clear as daylight. According to Secret Service agents charged with guarding Clinton, the woman is a nightmare to work for. Retired Secret Service agent Ronald Kessler writes: 'When in public, Hillary smiles and acts graciously”. However, 'As soon as the cameras are gone, her angry personality, nastiness, and imperiousness become evident.” He adds: 'Hillary Clinton can make Richard Nixon look like Mahatma Gandhi.” I certainly hope that I'm wrong but we'll know soon enough. Ed.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 27, 2016 Tara Copp, John Vandiver — Stars and Stripes Oct 26, 2016 
NATO on Wednesday solidified plans for deploying combat-ready units to the alliance's eastern edge, with several member states pledging troop contributions to round out a force of 4,000 soldiers to be spread across three Baltic nations and Poland. 
The deployments, set to begin in early 2017, are central to NATO's effort to reinforce territory in a tense region where as allies were meeting Wednesday, Russian war ships were steaming into the Baltic Sea. 
'Close to our borders, Russia continues its assertive military posturing,” NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said at the start of talks among allies. 'It is important and it is necessary that NATO responds when we see the substantial and significant military buildup of Russia over a long period of time.” 
Stoltenberg said NATO was monitoring the recent movement of Russian vessels into the Baltic Sea as it simultaneously eyes a Russian battle group patrolling toward the Mediterranean Sea. 
The meeting of NATO's top defense officials is to put into action plans agreed to during the alliance's July summit in Warsaw for the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom and Germany to deploy a battalion each. Additional support will be needed from other countries. 
The U.S. will serve as the lead nation in Poland, where some troops from the Vilseck, Germany-based 2nd Cavalry Regiment will be positioned. 
'The United States will lead a battalion in Poland and deploy an entire battle-ready task force of approximately 900 soldiers from the 2nd Cavalry Regiment,” Defense Secretary Ash Carter told reporters in Brussels. 
The task force will include a headquarters element, three Strkyer-equipped maneuver companies and a mobile gun system, an artillery battery as well as anti-tank explosive ordnance disposal and engineer capabilities. 
Romania and the United Kingdom will provide companies to bolster the U.S.-led battalion in Poland, Carter said. 
The 2nd Cavalry Regiment will arrive in northeastern Poland by April. 
The battalion will be under the tactical control of a Polish brigade, which falls under the operational command of NATO's top officer, Gen. Curtis M. Scaparrotti. 
'This is significant, and we are encouraging others to make the same kind of command and control arrangements with NATO,” Carter said. 
In addition, the Pentagon plans to rotate a U.S.-based armored brigade to Europe, along with the unit's tanks and other fighting vehicles, in early 2017. The troops, from the 3rd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, will rotate throughout the Baltics and Poland. 
Germany, Canada and the United Kingdom will serve as lead nations for multinational battalions heading for Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia. Some forces will begin moving into bases in the Baltics and Poland in January and are expected to become fully operational by June. U.K. Defense Minister Michael Fallon told The Wall Street Journal that British troops would be accompanied by tanks and drones. Countries agreeing Wednesday to augment the forces in the Baltics include Albania, Italy, Poland, Lithuania, Belgium, Croatia, France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway and Denmark. 
'Our forces will be truly multinational, sending an unmistakable message that NATO stands as one,” Stoltenberg said. 'An attack on one ally is an attack on all.” 
NATO also is trying to configure a new force in the southeast, where Romania will host a multinational brigade with contributions from neighboring Bulgaria. The unit is intended to facilitate the flow of forces throughout the region, including U.S units that are conducting periodic training exercises on Romanian and Bulgarian firing ranges. 
That amounts to a 'new land presence in NATO's southeast,” said Doug Lute, U.S. ambassador to NATO, during a Tuesday news briefing. 
'Not yet fully completed are plans to also bolster air and sea presence in the southeast. Of course the sea presence here, we're talking about presence in the Black Sea,” Lute said. 
However, the expansion south will involve troop commitments around the Black Sea region at land, air and sea from several nations, including the U.S., Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Poland and Turkey, Stoltenberg said. 
The expansion of a continuous force presence into the Soviet Union's old sphere of influence was prompted by Moscow's 2014 intervention in Ukraine, which allies say altered the security landscape in Europe. NATO's moves are designed to achieve two aims: reassure allies rattled by a more aggressive Russia and send a signal of military resolve to Moscow that alliance territory is off limits. 
While NATO has emphasized its moves are defensive in nature, Russia sees NATO's push east to the edge of Russia's borders as a threat and a provocation. 
Moscow has warned of countermeasures and earlier this month started moving nuclear-capable Iskander missiles into Kaliningrad, a Russian enclave on the Baltic Sea that is wedged between Lithuania and Poland. 
While Russia has deployed Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad before for exercises, U.S. officials say they are watching to see if the latest move is permanent or if there is any attempt to position nuclear weapons on site. That, Lute said, 'would be a change in the security posture in a way that would not promote stability, but would rather continue to raise questions about instability.” 
Stars and Stripes reporter John Vandiver reported from Stuttgart, Germany.

ARTICLE

By Les Visible on October 27, 2016 Visible Origami — Oct 26, 2016 Dog Poet Transmitting……. I would like, within the limitations of my ability, to talk a little about Bhakti Yoga today; which for me is the only legitimate fast track to the divine that exists for the present and the least dangerous of all the options out there. My life keeps going by and I step in and out of it. These days I spend a great deal of my time in reflection, as well as preparation for my ongoing journey. It might be awhile yet and it may be right around the corner, either is fine with me. I have come to understand that loving the divine is so very, very much easier, once all the distractions that the greatest majority of us live with; are in pursuit of, or which predominates over all of the esoteric alternatives are… gone. Without my even being aware of it, at first, nearly all of the usual human attractions and compulsions just slipped out the door and haven't returned. I find myself watching life behind some kind of glass. It's a movie that is being screened in the mind but once the film in the projector has been changed, ordinary life becomes irrelevant and one can immerse themselves in more important considerations. One still goes to the supermarket. One still eats and excretes. One sleeps and awakens in the dream. One drives and walks and watches and listens to all of the sounds of the world around them but the effect of all of it has changed. Last night (as happens a couple of times a month) I laid in my bed and did not sleep most of the night. So I did as I usually do and repeated, 'I love you.” over and over and over On this night there was an atmosphere of static and confusion and I could not seem to break through it. Images of the past spiraled through to haunt me over mistakes made and opportunities missed. The Voice entered and said, 'Do not occupy your mind with thoughts of what is past. These have all been paid for through your suffering. They are not relevant anymore.” Try telling that to the monkey mind. However, the point is that regardless of the static and confusion and the seeming distance between myself and the divine, I did not allow any of these distractions to deter me from the continuous repetition of, 'I love you.” I felt the obstacles that hung in the air. I felt all the barriers that occasionally come and go and are sometimes not there at all and I just kept at it. I studiously ignored whatever it was that was interfering with my efforts and I told myself that I would not allow anything to intrude, no matter how much it did intrude; no matter what the difficulty might be I would persevere and I did. I fell asleep at some point. I awoke this AM and said, 'Good morning Lord.” It is another day and I do not want to forget that every day given to me is an opportunity to celebrate the almighty, no matter how far away the almighty might 'seem' to be and no matter how difficult the effort might become. The path of Love is not an easy cruise to some literal or metaphorical Caribbean island. Though we paint it as the only sure and certain route here, this does not mean it is also an easy route. There is bound to be opposition. In times of material darkness there are agents of that darkness who seek to hinder and hamper our efforts and often- these days- no real efforts are even made. The world seems to be swept away in a tidal waves of garbage and noxious dreams that spin themselves out of perverted daylight. Humanity is there to be found in the midst at all times but it takes a concerted determination to rise and greet it at every turn where it seeks to appear. To me, this is the real work… to move through the murk of this gray-scale existence and reach out to every hungry and troubled heart with some portion of the sunlight we are all given for the purpose of sharing. If we are cheap with our sunlight, the amount of sunlight given will decrease and further decrease until we find ourselves in darkness. I refer you to the parable from Jesus the Christ where he gave the example of the three men to whom a certain amount of talent were given . So it is when you are kept awake in the night and you strive and reach for unity with the ineffable and you get nowhere… you continue and continue as if, at any moment, you will achieve that unity and you will not cease until you do; even if it is a thousand times a thousand nights, even if you are in prison or confined in even greater distress in the houses of the rich. You do not deter. You do not immerse yourself in comforting distractions. One day the sun will rise in your heart and there will be no further static or confusions. The love of God is a consuming fire and fortunate is the one so consumed. It is important to understand that such a Love will demand everything of you and such a Love will try and test you to discover the level of your dedication and sincerity; 'Many are called but few are chosen.” I am reminded of that short but powerful poem by Stephen Crane, 'The Wayfarer . ” The reality of this great and singular quest is precisely as the poem describes and there have been many souls who have discovered the truth of it as they went surging forward in all their temporary and unchallenged zeal, right up until they saw that every blade of grass was not a blade of grass. Imagine in your own life and in your own mind, how often you forget about the ineffable and how often petty and incidental concerns arise in your thoughts to take you away. Later you can often not remember what these concerns were but you can certainly remember that they were of small importance, since you often cannot even remember what they were. When we look back on our lives we can't recall how we got where we got at all. Life is filled with things of small importance. For me, it is critical to remember that there are forces that are actively engaged in steering us wrong and placing obstacles in our way and it is even more critical to recall certain clues such as this one from 'The Lord's Prayer.” 'Lead us not into temptation.” Every agency that places obstacles and lures upon our path are not entities of the dark side. Lord Ganesha is portrayed with two items. One of them ensnares us and one of them frees us. Regardless of whatever religious schematic you may consider the nature and ruling power of the universe through, the similarities are glaring for the objectively minded. Unfortunately for many we live in a time of punishing subjectivity. It tends to influence the way we think and feel and behave. It takes a strong and inspired heart to break free and a steadfast intention to continue to that point. The rate and intensity of contention between and among us seems to increase by the day, according to the divide and conquer philosophy that guides the game plans of those who serve the Prince of Darkness. In this time of the harvesting of souls, it is of critical importance to both sides of the equation in this truly important time… in what direction we are swayed. I can truthfully say that recent years, until the beginning of this one, have been extremely difficult for me. Strangely enough, during some of the most difficult and inexplicable events, I just moved through it as if it were of no consequence at all, even though they were life and circumstance changing and might have caused me no end of grief …but it all seemed like a passing dream to me. I didn't get angry. I was filled with wonder that it happened and uninformed as to the meaning of any of it. It passed and I moved on from one situation to another, to the one I find myself in and it's all behind me there and of no present relevance. I could have gotten angry, or fearful, or despairing or depressed but none of this occurred and I do not chalk this up to any great strength or fortitude on my part. It is as if the ineffable has been slowly but surely slipping ever deeper into my life and every challenge and trauma was just one more act on the part of the ineffable to distract me from the reality of the almighty taking up residence in my life. I realize now that it is not what happens to you that is most meaningful but it is how you react to it. Once you have stilled the reactive mind you are closer to your real home than you might imagine. Loving God will draw the divine to you because the almighty is helpless before the sincere love of any soul. It has been said in many Eastern texts that the ineffable is the slave of Love. We must consider that this implies being a willing slave because the almighty is not subject to anything that the almighty does not choose to be subject to. Love the divine with all your heart and soul and mind and the Lord will return it in kind. This is what I believe and this is what I am inspired to speak of. Let this Love permeate your existence and see every event in your life as a blessing and it will surely prove to be so. Remember that every incident in your life, no matter how insignificant it may seem, is a particular dealing of the ineffable with your soul. End Transmission…….

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 27, 2016 henrymakw.com — Oct 26, 2016 Fozdyke is usually wrong so Trump fans may rejoice at this prediction. As for the rest, I present it for those who have the interest and stamina to decipher. To the Memory of Peacocks & the Hyena King by Aloysius Fozdyke — (henrymakow.com) I'm loving the American presidential election, the Global Election Management System and fractionalized or fictionalized voting. All sizzle and no steak. One of the better smoke and mirrors shows. American presidents are selected not elected! The sheeple are so easy to fool there's hardly any fun in it any more. Donald is two-faced and adult diaper Hillary is genital-centred and unwell. 'Did you just soil yourself?''Sure! Do you think I smell this bad all the time?' It doesn't matter if every American votes for Donald Trump, because the results will give the election to Hilary Clinton. It's about sizzle without the steak. We let the sheeple vote so that they feel they still have choices that matter. The outcome is irrelevant, provided that the sheeple feel that they're contributing and that they still have choices. For what it's worth, have a look at 'fractional voting'. We're so close to conquering and getting the only thing we've ever wanted – everything! And honestly, in return we give the masses what they want, which in truth isn't much at all, just illusions. We give them choices between two predetermined political outcomes, but allow them to select from a myriad of supermarket junk foods, television programmes and glossy magazines, because that's what they deserve – inconsequential options and diversions. The social crash will be after the American presidential elections – even if Trump wins, which he won't. The media has conditioned the masses to the predetermined fact that Hilary will win and being placidly obedient, Americans will accept that result. It's not like our people have to be careful any more. As my mentor used to say, 'The Lord is my shepherd and eventually, like all good shepherds he will lead you to the slaughterhouse'. Being herd animals, sheeple want safety, not freedom. They want to work harder and longer for less and less. They already live in fear of their own governments while constructing their own prisons. 'We the sheeple…' Yeah, right! Right hand path spiritualities – like Xtianity – are suffering and death centred. So we will give you what you want: suffering and death. The third world war is what's needed to bring Old Numb-Nuts back, with all his egregious double standards. And remember, he came not to bring peace, but a sword, so essentially we'll continue giving the masses what they want – just like we always have. Enjoy! ESOTERIC SATANICA

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 27, 2016 Eli Lake — Bloomberg Oct 26, 2016 
The next president has an opportunity in the Middle East to reassure wavering allies, to tell them: 'We're back and we're going to lead again.” 
That sounds like something you might hear this month in an alternate reality, from the Rubio-Cheney campaign. After all, President Barack Obama would argue that he is already leading in the Middle East. 
But that is a quote from Michael Morell, a former deputy and acting director of the CIA and an adviser to Hillary Clinton's campaign. He said this on Tuesday at the Center for American Progress, a think tank founded by the Clinton campaign chairman, John Podesta, and headed today by the policy director of the 2008 Clinton campaign, Neera Tanden. 
Morell, who is likely to be tapped for a senior post in a Clinton administration, outlined a more robust role for the U.S. to counter Iran in the Middle East. For example, Morell said the U.S. should consider a new set of sanctions against Iran to punish its 'malign behavior in the region.” The Obama administration, on the other hand, has opposed efforts from Congress to impose new sanctions on Iran after the nuclear deal that lifted many of them. 
Morell also proposed a new policy for the U.S. Navy to board Iranian ships that are assisting its proxy war in Yemen. 'Ships leave Iran on a regular basis carrying arms to the Houthis in Yemen,” he said. 'I would have no problem from a policy perspective of having the U.S. Navy boarding their ships and if there are weapons on them to turn those ships around.” 
In fairness, Morell said this raised questions of international maritime law. He also recommended countering Iran as part of a new strategy that calls on U.S. allies in the Middle East to do more to tamp down the threat of jihadist ideology and reform weak and corrupt governing systems. 
But it's striking how different Morell's approach to Iran is from that of the president he once served. After the Iran nuclear deal, the U.S. hosted summits for Persian Gulf states to discuss their concerns about an emboldened Iran and its support for militias in Lebanon, Iraq and Yemen and for the government in Syria. But the main lever of Obama's policy for reassuring these allies has been a new suite of arms sales — without a new policy framework to counter Iranian influence. 
Indeed, Obama has barely countered Iranian aggression in the region at all. In Iraq, the U.S. has from time to time provided air cover to operations by Iran-supported Shiite militias against the Islamic State. In Syria, the U.S. has sought an agreement with Russia to coordinate airstrikes — as Russia supports the same factions as Iran — and has pressured the rebels it once supported to accept negotiations with the Syrian regime that would not result in its dictator's immediate removal from power. 
Secretary of State John Kerry meanwhile has tried to assure European banks that it's safe now to invest in Iran. The Obama administration has approved a sale that would allow Boeing to sell planes to Iranian airlines sanctioned for supporting the regime in Syria. 
Morell's approach matches the one laid out in June by Jake Sullivan, Clinton's top national security adviser. He told the Truman Security Project: 'We need to be raising the costs to Iran for its destabilizing behavior and we need to be raising the confidence of our Sunni partners.” 
These ideas are also in line with a report from the Center for American Progress released this week that proposes a new strategy for the Middle East. That report says plainly that the nuclear deal reached in 2015 'does not make Iran a regional partner for the United States” and that 'Iran continues to pose a threat to U.S. interests and values in the Middle East and around the world.” 
Not surprisingly, the report has already drawn criticism from the Iran agreement's supporters and the left wing of the Democratic Party. Writing in the Nation, former Democratic Congressman Dennis Kucinich speculated that the report was influenced by defense contractors who contributed to the Center for American Progress. Progressive journalist Jim Lobe skewered the report for squandering an opportunity to cooperate with Iran. 
All of this suggests that if Clinton wins the presidency next month, she will be taking on not only Iranian aggression abroad, but also Iran's apologists back in Washington.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 27, 2016 John Derbyshire — The Unz Review Oct 22, 2016 Democratic operative (and ex-convict) Robert Creamer Watergate , anyone? What brought it to mind was this news story from CNN: Dem[Ocrat] Operative 'Stepping Back” After Video Suggests Group Incited Violence At Trump Rallies . [October 18, 2016] Relevant quote from the story: 'Democracy Partners called O'Keefe's video a 'well-funded, systematic spy operation that is the modern day equivalent of the Watergate burglars.'” What's this all about? Let me take it a piece at a time. Democracy Partners is a progressive consultancy group. Their website says they offer 'cutting edge strategies for progressive values … We tell stories, create narratives, use powerful symbols.” The word 'progressive” here of course means Cultural-Marxist : Hostile to everything customary and traditional, hostile to law enforcement and national sovereignty, globalist, open borders, anti-white, radical feminist, the whole CultMarx package. One of the partners in Democracy Partners, and instrumental in founding the outfit, is a chap named Robert Creamer . He's married to Jan Schakowsky, who represent s Illinois' 9th District in Congress —that's the northern districts of Chicago . Robert Creamer is an ex-con: Back in 2005 he served five months in federal prison for check kiting and tax evasion. [ Congresswoman's husband pleads guilty to two felonies , USA Today, August 31, 2005] Creamer is the guy in the headline, who is 'stepping back.” What he's stepping back from: involvement in work that Democracy Partners is doing for Mrs. Clinton's election campaign, paid for by the DNC, the Democratic National Committee. They've been advising and helping Mrs. Clinton. So why is he stepping back? Well, conservative activist James O'Keefe—the one who exposed the ACORN community-organizer group back in 2009 —had sent people to Democracy Partners posing as potential donors and wearing hidden video cameras. O'Keefe got footage of Creamer explaining his dirty tricks to O'Keefe's people under the illusion they were sympathetic listeners. Creamer explains, for example, how he gets around voter ID laws t o register illegal aliens as voters. Along with Democracy Partners, and I think reporting to them as a subcontractor, is a different outfit, the Foval Group. This group doesn't have a website, and in fact seems to be a one-man operation with a business card. The one man is Scott Foval, who has also been working on the Clinton campaign. I'm not totally clear about the chain of command here, but Foval was employed by, or contracted to, Americans United for Change , another CultMarx outfit of the ACORN type. O'Keefe ran the same sting operation against Foval, and recorded some juicy quotes about his methods for advancing the Clinton cause: fomenting violence at Trump rallies, for example, and even hiring mentally ill people to get the violence started. Americans United for Change fired Foval this week after O'Keefe's videos went online. Below, Donald Trump speaks out against the violence–violence he witnessed at his rallies, and threatens legal action. Mrs. Clinton and the DNC are feigning indignation over all this, and the Main Stream Media is of course covering for them. It's hard to argue with the video-recorded evidence, though. The best they can come up with is that the video has been ' selectively edited ” —as if all video isn't selectively edited . Now back to the quote from CNN that I started with: ' Democracy Partners called O'Keefe's video a 'well-funded, systematic spy operation that is the modern day equivalent of the Watergate burglars.' ” So the crime here, equivalent to the Watergate burglary, was to sting these DNC contractors into revealing their methods. The crime, please note, is not the methods themselves—paying homeless people to start violence at Trump rallies, registering illegal aliens to vote—that's not the crime. The crime, according to Democracy Partners, is deceiving people into talking about those methods on-camera . Got it? Now here's the punchline. Robert Creamer—the guy who's stepping back from assisting the Clinton campaign, the guy who did time for a federal felony conviction, the guy boasting about registering illegal aliens—this Robert Creamer has been a frequent visitor to the White House. How frequent? Very, very frequent. From November 2009 to June this year, Creamer visited the White House 340 times.[ Robert Creamer Visited Obama's White House 340 Times , by Jen Lawrence, Breitbart, October 19, 2016]That's an average of once a week, every week for six and a half years. Forty-five of those visits were for meetings with Obama, average seven times a year. I bet there are cabinet officers who don't get that much time with Obama. I am now going to say the obvious thing: If we were in a Republican administration, and a Black Ops guy like Creamer was making weekly visits to the White House for six years, and then was caught on tape bragging about his illegalities, that would be front page news for months . Like … Watergate . Instead, while the Main Stream Media have dutifully reported the story (NYT: Videos Put Democrats on Defensive About Dirty Tricks ) I shall be very surprised if we hear any more about it from them after, oh, I'll guess, this weekend. And don't look for any law enforcement agencies wanting to know 'what did John Podesta know and when did he know it?”—much less what Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton knew. In last week's Radio Derb I reported on a survey out of Chapman Universit y about what Americans fear. Way up at the top of the list, with 61 percent of respondents declaring themselves afraid or very afraid of it, was government corruption. I'm with that 61 percent. So is Mark Steyn. On Wednesday this week, before that evening's debate, Mark posted a column titled ' Laws are for the Little People .” [SteynOnLine, October 19, 2016] It's an absolute tour de force , Mark Steyn at his polemical best. If I could make every adult in the country read it, I would. Mark declares up front that, quote, 'for me the overriding issue in American politics is the corruption,” end quote. He then runs through the recent shenanigans at the FBI, including the latest news about the bureau and the State Department trading favors. He goes from there to the rise of Donald Trump. The energy behind that rise, says Mark, was widespread public outrage at how the political class, as exemplified by Mrs. Clinton, sets itself above the laws that we humbler folk have to obey. It's all in their interests, says Mark; it's all for them: Consider illegal immigration, for example, which pre-Trump was entirely discussed in terms of the interests of the lawbreakers —how to 'bring them out of the shadows ,” how to give them 'a path to citizenship ,” celebrate their ' family values ” and 'work ethic”—and never in terms of the law-abiding, whose wages they depress, whose communities they transform, and, in too many criminal cases, whose lives they wreck.[Links added] Mark then excoriates the feebleness, stupidity, and occasional treachery of the Republican Establishment. The indifference from influential conservatives towards both naked corruption of our political class and the despair of the rest of us is, he says, deeply disturbing. It's a brilliant piece, and I strongly recommend it to your attention. For a 2,000-word summary of what's wrong with our Republic, and the prospects for doing anything about it, I don't see how it could be improved on. Equality under the law, for the mighty and the humble alike, used to be a bedrock principle in our system. As Mrs. Clinton might put it: That's Who We Were. It's not Who We Are any longer, as her career illustrates all too plainly. Just a footnote to that. Going back to last week's segment about what we fear, a listener reminds me of a classic line on that from one of Burt Reynolds' movies. So what are you scared of, Burt? Clip : Burt: 'Only two things in the world I'm scared of.” Ned Beatty: 'You're only scared of two things? What's that?” Burt: 'Women and the po-lice.” That was back in 1973, when the Watergate break-in—which didn't even make any money for anyone!—was considered an outrageous blight on our political system. Even with that in the news, I doubt you could have got 61 percent of people to declare themselves afraid of government corruption. Of women and the po-lice , I don't know …

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 27, 2016 by Marcus Aurealeus, Facebook Note — OffGuardian.org Oct 27, 2016 
T he word 'fascism” is generally used today as a pejorative to attack any idea that a speaker happens to dislike. But this word has a specific meaning and a specific historical context. It refers to an authoritarian, nationalistic system of government and social organization that is usually considered to be far right-wing. Historically, it was most popular in the 1930s, when the regimes of Hitler, Mussolini, and Franco were in their primes. Later examples include Indonesia under Suharto, Bolivia under Banzer, and Chile under Pinochet. In practice, fascism combines the ideas of collectivism, mercantilism, nationalism, (statist) syndicalism, and uniculturalism into a system where business leaders and political rulers work together to create public policies that benefit themselves at the expense of everyone else. 
To what extent is the United States of America in 2015 a fascist nation? In order to determine this, a means of measurement is needed. Lawrence Britt has studied fascist regimes and found that there are 14 characteristics which all of them have in common to some degree. Matthew Reece goes further and examines these characteristics and assigns each of them a value on a ten-point scale, with zero being completely absent and 10 being omnipresent. Let us also see how many are trending upward, trending downward, and holding steady. The final score on a 140-point scale will give a useful measure of the degree of fascism in America. Powerful and Continuing Nationalism – Fascists tend to make constant use of patriotic mottoes, slogans, symbols, songs, and other paraphernalia. Flags are seen everywhere, as are flag symbols on clothing and in public displays. 
In America, patriotic mottoes, slogans, symbols, songs, and flags have been part of the culture since the founding of the nation, with the frequency of their use varying from time to time. This reached a fever pitch immediately following the September 11 attacks, and while it has backed off since then, the sense of nationalism in America remains strong, perhaps the strongest of all nations in which the state does not directly force people into such observances. 
Score: 8/10, Trend: Steady Disdain for the Recognition of Human Rights – Because of fear of enemies and the need for security, fascists are persuaded that human rights can be ignored in certain cases because of 'need.” The people tend to look the other way or even approve of torture, summary executions, assassinations, long incarcerations of prisoners, etc. 
After 9/11, the Bush regime and their lapdogs in the right-wing media were largely successful in convincing people that torture and indefinite detention of those who were not convicted of crimes was justifiable for national security reasons. The Obama regime has taken some positive steps on these matters, but has murdered far more people with drone strikes than his predecessor. The left-wing media has largely given Obama a pass on this. At home, the War on Drugs has placed many innocent people into prison for decades. While the American people are becoming more opposed to such abuses of power, little real change has occurred. 
Score: 8/10, Trend: Slightly Up Identification of Enemies/Scapegoats as a Unifying Cause – The people are rallied into a unifying patriotic frenzy over the need to eliminate a perceived common threat or foe: racial, ethnic or religious minorities; liberals; communists; socialists, terrorists, etc. 
America has a dark history of this. Over the centuries, Native Americans, Blacks, Mexicans, Irish, Eastern Europeans, Germans, Jews, Japanese, communists, and Muslims have all been perceived as common threats or foes to be contained or eliminated. More than once, the state has been able to engage in wars due to yellow journalism or false flag operations successfully creating a new enemy du jour. With the War on Terrorism, the state has found its holy grail: a war which can be made indefinite against an omnipresent foe which it can never seem to vanquish, not that it would want to. 
Score: 10/10, Trend: Steady Supremacy of the Military – Even when there are widespread domestic problems, the military is given a disproportionate amount of government funding, and the domestic agenda is neglected. Soldiers and military service are glamorized. 
The United States has the largest military budget in the world, and spends more money on its military than the next seven nations combined. Despite a stagnant economy and decaying infrastructure, 20 percent of the federal budget is devoted to the military. This is equal to the combined budgets of Medicare and Medicaid, and is nearly as much as the budget for Social Security. To be critical of the military as an institution is considered to be nearly as bad as aiding the enemy by the lapdog media, as is criticizing the glamorization of soldiers and military service. Though a minority is becoming skeptical of this situation, no changes appear to be coming in the near future. 
Score: 10/10, Trend: Steady Rampant Sexism – The governments of fascist nations tend to be almost exclusively male-dominated. Under fascist regimes, traditional gender roles are made more rigid. Divorce, abortion and homosexuality are suppressed and the state is represented as the ultimate guardian of the family institution. 
The United States is one of the least sexist countries in the world. While the number of males in positions of political power outnumber females by about four to one, the United States ranks 94th out of 190 countries in this regard as of June 1, 2015. Over the last few decades, traditional gender roles have become less rigid. Divorce has become easier to obtain, with fault requirements being mostly removed as of 2015. Abortions were made legal nationwide in 1973, and same-sex marriage was made legal nationwide in 2015. A general hostility has developed toward government intervention into the family institution. 
Score: 3/10, Trend: Down Controlled Mass Media – Sometimes the media is directly controlled by the government, but in other cases, the media is indirectly controlled by government regulation, or sympathetic media spokespeople and executives. Censorship, especially in wartime, is very common. 
While the press in America is not directly controlled by the government, it is indirectly controlled. Government regulation and pro-state media personalities perpetuate a lapdog establishment that echoes government propaganda and eschews authentic investigative journalism. Those who would challenge this status quo by asking uncomfortable questions frequently find themselves victimized by slave-on-slave violence as the privileged establishment seeks to preserve its access to the halls of power and its usefulness in informing the public of government activities. Censorship is common with regard to certain words and topics which are not used or discussed on mainstream programming, especially during wartime, although this is mostly done without direct government involvement. Before and during the 2003 invasion of Iraq, the establishment media consistently towed the government line and censored certain images, such as war deaths. As a result, alternative and independent media sources are growing in popularity and trust in the establishment media is at an all-time low, but they have yet to displace the establishment media. 
Score: 8/10, Trend: Slightly Down Obsession with National Security – Fear is used as a motivational tool by the government over the masses. 
At least since the First Red Scare following the Russian Revolution and continuing through World War II, the Cold War, and the War on Terrorism, the government has used fear of external enemies as a justification for its activities. National security is considered by many right-wing (and some left-wing) politicians to be the most important role of the state. Though many people believe this has gone too far in the wake of the Snowden leaks, little meaningful change has occurred. 
Score: 8/10, Trend: Steady Religion and Government are Intertwined – Governments in fascist nations tend to use the most common religion in the nation as a tool to manipulate public opinion. Religious rhetoric and terminology is common from government leaders, even when the major tenets of the religion are diametrically opposed to the government’s policies or actions. 
There is a tradition of separation of church and state in America, but this is only true in the sense that there is no official state religion. Atheists, agnostics, and religious skeptics are few and far between in public office. Appeals to the tenets of Christianity, the most common religion in America, are frequently used by politicians to advance their agendas, even when those tenets are diametrically opposed to such agendas. Christian theories of just war play a significant role in American conservatism, and Christian ideas about helping the poor are used by American liberals to argue for government welfare programs. Religiosity among the American people is declining, but these conditions will likely remain stable for another generation or so. 
Score: 7/10, Trend: Down Corporate Power is Protected – The industrial and business aristocracy of a fascist nation often are the ones who put the government leaders into power, creating a mutually beneficial business/government relationship and power elite. 
Since soon after the Constitution was ratified, business interests have played a financial role in determining which candidates for office are successful in elections. With the Citizens United decision, this has become more open and somewhat more blatant. Of course, those who invest in political campaigns expect a return on that investment, and research shows that they get it in spades. A political aristocracy has been present throughout much of American history, with many candidates for office being related to prior office holders. The 2016 presidential election is shaping up to be more of the same. 
Score: 9/10, Trend: Up Labor Power is Suppressed – Because the organizing power of labor is the only real threat to a fascist government, labor unions are either eliminated entirely, or are severely suppressed. 
While labor unions have not been eliminated entirely in America, they have been declining in the private sector for quite some time. In 2014, only 6.6 percent of private sector workers were union members, the lowest level since 1932. However, government sector unions are much stronger, with 35.7 percent of government workers belonging to a union in 2014. While national syndicalism is a major part of fascist theory, it has only had minor influence in America in the form of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) labor union. 
Score: 6/10, Trend: Slightly Up Disdain for Intellectuals and the Arts – Fascist nations tend to promote and tolerate open hostility to higher education, and academia. It is not uncommon for professors and other academics to be censored or even arrested. Free expression in the arts and letters is openly attacked. 
In America, the government is quite dependent on the intellectual classes to propagandize the people, and is therefore rather accommodating to them, to the point of creating a bubble in higher education that has benefited the intellectual classes at the expense of everyone else during the postwar period. That being said, it is becoming more common for professors and other academics to be attacked for their views. The rise in influence of social justice warriors is causing disdain for free expression to trend upward. 
Score: 4/10, Trend: Slightly Up Obsession with Crime and Punishment – Under fascist regimes, the police are given almost limitless power to enforce laws. The people are often willing to overlook police abuses and even forgo civil liberties in the name of patriotism. There is often a national police force with virtually unlimited power in fascist nations. 
While many police accountability activists in America say that 'badges don’t grant extra rights,” the fact is that in practice, they do. Police routinely engage in activities that would land an ordinary citizen in prison, and when they are investigated, it is either by an internal review process or a grand jury examination, each of which tend to be highly sympathetic to the police due to conflicts of interest. While there is no national police force with virtually unlimited power, the DEA, FBI, and Secret Service are quite powerful and are getting stronger. After 9/11, many people were willing to overlook police abuses, but this is changing. However, many efforts toward police accountability are being blunted by distractions, such as a focus on racism. 
Score: 8/10, Trend: Slightly Up Rampant Cronyism and Corruption – Fascist regimes almost always are governed by groups of friends and associates who appoint each other to government positions and use governmental power and authority to protect their friends from accountability. It is not uncommon in fascist regimes for national resources and even treasures to be appropriated or even outright stolen by government leaders. 
There is a revolving door in Washington, D.C. between being a member of Congress or federal employee and being a lobbyist for special interest groups. These special interest groups bribe politicians and regulators on behalf of wealthy business interests to write laws and regulations that favor their interests at the expense of competing businesses and individual citizens. Many of these laws and regulations work to shield business owners from civil and criminal liability. While it is uncommon for American rulers to steal national treasures, there is a tendency for the government to appropriate natural resources and sell access to them. This shows no signs of improving anytime soon. 
Score: 7/10, Trend: Up Fraudulent Elections – Sometimes elections in fascist nations are a complete sham. Other times elections are manipulated by smear campaigns against or even assassination of opposition candidates, use of legislation to control voting numbers or political district boundaries, and manipulation of the media. Fascist nations also typically use their judiciaries to manipulate or control elections. 
While there is no proof that American elections are a complete sham, there are clear cases of manipulation. While smear campaigns tend to be waged by each major political party against the other, assassination of opposition candidates is almost never seriously considered, let alone attempted. That being said, the two major parties have rigged election laws to keep third parties from having any reasonable chance of winning. Over the past few decades, gerrymandering of political district boundaries has been used to create districts which are either reliably Democratic or reliably Republican, with the result being that the fringe elements of each party are able to put people into office. The judiciary was arguably used to manipulate the 2000 presidential election, and courts usually act to control elections by siding against claims of unfairness by minor political parties. With the introduction of top-two primaries in recent years, third party and independent candidates are being excluded further. 
Score: 7/10, Trend: Slightly Up 
Overall, America gets a score of 103 out of 140, meaning that America is 73.6 percent of the way toward fascism and away from liberty. While the trends on the various characteristics of fascism are moving in different directions, the overall trend is slightly upward, meaning that the score could advance at a rate of one or two points per year. 
Now, wake up and examine which country is actually harming you and the rest of us. It’s time to put aside old grudges that date back to the Soviet days, in the same way you forgot the harm done to you in the past, by your now good neighbor, Germany.

ARTICLE

Wyoming (Wyo Stat SS22-19-108) 
As that same page writes: 
Over the years, however, despite legal oversight, a number of electors have violated their state's law binding them to their pledged vote. However, these violators often only face being charged with a misdemeanor or a small fine, usually $1,000. Many constitutional scholars agree that electors remain free agents despite state laws and that, if challenged, such laws would be ruled unconstitutional. Therefore, electors can decline to cast their vote for a specific candidate (the one that wins the popular vote of their state), either voting for an alternative candidate, or abstaining completely. The same corrupt democrats that have rigged the debates, rigged the polls, rigged the news media and rigged the justice system are now about to STEAL the election through bribery of Electors 
Now it's all becoming clear. Having failed to destroy Donald Trump despite the world's most vicious barrage of lies and defamatory news slander, George Soros and the corrupt democrats have bribed enough Electors to 'lock in” a victory for Hillary Clinton no matter what happens on election day . 
What you're going to see the night of Nov. 8th, in other words, is a landslide popular vote victory for Donald Trump , immediately followed by electoral votes handing the official election victory to Hillary Clinton. 
The theft of the presidency will be achieved thusly. And as you might expect, the American people are going to REVOLT en masse. We the People will not accept the theft of power and the nullification of democracy 
We the People will not accept the theft of power by a corrupt, criminal regime run by deceptive leftists who lie, cheat and steal their way to power at every election. The bribery of Electors is, of course, the nullification of democracy in America , since it means wealthy globalists can simply buy off the electoral votes and put anyone they want into the White House… the voters be damned. 
When the American people realize their votes have just been nullified through massive bribery and corruption, they are going to revolt like we've never seen before. They will take to the streets in protest, and the greater the margin of victory in the popular vote by Donald Trump, the more angry the voters are going to be. 
We have quite simply reached the point in American history where the people will no longer tolerate the theft of power and massive election fraud that's now routinely pursued by democrats (and especially Clinton operatives). If this election is stolen by George Soros via the bribery of Electors, I anticipate a full-on revolt where the military, the police and the citizens storm Washington and depose the corrupt Obama / Clinton regime and install the proper election winner as President. That would be Donald J. Trump, of course. 
Frankly, We the People have every right to demand that democracy be restored . It is time to take America back from the thieving, lying commie bastards running the democrat party today.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 28, 2016 by Henry Makow Ph.D. — henrymakow.com Oct 27, 2016 Where have I seen this before? Hitler was false opposition and I am afraid Trump is too. But false opposition is better than none at all. I believe Donald Trump will win the Presidential election November 8 . However, as I will explain later, I am hesitant to think that his victory will be a setback for the New World Order. I agree with Michael Moore who eloquently predicts the majority of American voters will deliver a big Fuck You to the political establishment: 'Donald Trump came to the Detroit Economic Club and stood there in front of the Ford Motor executives and said, 'If you close these factories as you're planning to do in Detroit and build them in Mexico, I'm going to put a 35 percent tariff on those cars when you send them back. And nobody's gonna buy them.' It was an amazing thing to see. No politician, Republican or Democrat, had ever said anything like that to these executives. And it was music to the ears of people in Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, the Brexit states… And on November 8th, Election Day – although they've lost their jobs, although they've been foreclosed on by the bank, next came the divorce and now the wife and kids are gone, the car has been repo'd, they haven't had a real vacation in years, they're stuck with the shitty Obamacare Bronze plan where you can't even get a fucking Percocet – they've essentially lost everything they had. … So on November 8th, the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth, be handed a ballot, close the curtain and take that lever, or felt pen, or touch screen and put a big fucking X in the box by the name of the man who has threatened to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives. Donald J. Trump. They see that the elites, who ruined their lives, hate Trump. Corporate America hates Trump. Wall Street hates Trump. The career politicians hate Trump. The media hate Trump – after they loved him and created him and now hate him. Thank you, media. The enemy of my enemy is who I'm voting for on November 8th. Yes, on November 8th, you, Joe Blow, Steve Blow, Bob Blow, Bill Blow, Billy Bob Blow, all the Blows – get to go and blow up the whole God damn system because it's your right. Trump's election is going to be the biggest fuck you ever recorded in human history. And it will feel good.” Despite his (pre-divorce) net worth of $50 million , Moore clearly has not lost the common touch. IS TRUMP FALSE OPPOSITION?

ARTICLE

By Rixon Stewart on September 12, 2006 
Is television an entertainment media or instrument of control, a 'control mechanism'? In 'Eisenhower's Death Camps': A U.S. Prison Guard's Story By wmw_admin on May 4, 2007 
In Andernach about 50,000 prisoners of all ages were held in an open field surrounded by barbed wire. The men I guarded had no shelter and no blankets; many had no coats. They slept in the mud, wet and cold, with inadequate slit trenches for excrement. Holocaust, Hate Speech & Were the Germans so Stupid? – Updated By wmw_admin on March 23, 2011 
The brilliant examination of the 'Holocaust' by Anthony Lawson has since been censored on the basis of a false Copyright infrigment. But as Lawson explains, this just another attempt to stiffle freedom of expression Did New York Orchestrate The Asian Tsunami? By wmw_admin on October 17, 2008 
With Afghanistan and Iraq already lost, the Wall Street bankers were all desperately looking for other ways to control our world, when suddenly and very conveniently, the Sumatran Trench exploded. Trick or Treat? Joe Vialls investigates The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part II By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Former City of London insider reveals that the depopulation program would begin with a planned war between Israel and Iran. More importantly, he goes onto to describe how we can derail their plans for global dominance Letter from James Abourezk, former US Senator from South Dakota to Jeff Blankfort on the Israel Lobby By wmw_admin on December 8, 2006 
More than being an insider's confirmation of the power of the pro-Israel lobby over Congress, the former US Senator's letter also calls into question Noam Chomsky's increasingly suspect looking motives The Oklahoma City Bombing: 30 Unanswered Questions By wmw_admin on July 11, 2003 
Timothy McVeigh may have been tried and executed, but there are still too many unanswered questions about the Oklahoma City Bombing

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 28, 2016 The Volgodonsk, a Buyan-m class Russian corvette. Click to enlarge Reuters — Oct 26, 2016 
Russia is sharply upgrading the firepower of its Baltic Fleet by adding warships armed with long-range cruise missiles to counter NATO's build-up in the region, Russian media reported on Wednesday. 
There was no official confirmation from Moscow, but the reports will raise tensions in the Baltic, already heightened since Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea, and cause particular alarm in Poland and Lithuania which border Russia's base there. 
The reported deployment comes as NATO is planning its biggest military build-up on Russia's borders since the Cold War to deter possible Russian aggression. 
Russia's daily Izvestia newspaper cited a military source as saying that the first two of five ships, the Serpukhov and the Zeleny Dol, had already entered the Baltic Sea and would soon become part of a newly formed division in Kaliningrad, Russia's European exclave sandwiched between Poland and Lithuania. 
Another source familiar with the situation told the Interfax news agency that the two warships would be joining the Baltic Fleet in the coming days. 
'With the appearance of two small missile ships armed with the Kalibr cruise missiles the Fleet's potential targeting range will be significantly expanded in the northern European military theater,” the source told Interfax. 
Russia's Defence Ministry, which said earlier this month the two ships were en route to the Mediterranean, did not respond to a request for comment, but NATO and the Swedish military confirmed the two warships had entered the Baltic. 
'NATO navies are monitoring this activity near our borders,” said Dylan White, the alliance's acting spokesman. 
The Buyan-M class corvettes are armed with nuclear-capable Kalibr cruise missiles, known by the NATO code name Sizzler, which the Russian military says have a range of at least 1,500 km (930 miles). 
Though variants of the missile are capable of carrying nuclear warheads, the ships are believed to be carrying conventional warheads. 
'The addition of Kalibr missiles would increase the strike range not just of the Baltic Fleet, but of Russian forces in the Baltic region, fivefold,” said Ben Nimmo, a defense analyst at the Atlantic Council's Digital Forensic Research Lab, who has been tracking the ships' progress. 
'The two small corvettes, with their modern, nuclear-capable missiles, may yet have an impact out of proportion to their size in the Baltic.” SWEDEN, POLAND WORRIED Russian cruise missile launch from ships in the Caspian Sea to targets in Syria. Click to enlarge 
Izvestia said Russia's Baltic Fleet would probably receive a further three such small warships armed with the same missiles by the end of 2020. 
It said the Baltic Fleet's coastal defenses would also be beefed up with the Bastion and Bal land-based missile systems. The Bastion is a mobile defense system armed with two anti-ship missiles with a range of up to 300 km (188 miles). The Bal anti-ship missile has a similar range. 
Sweden's Defence Minister said his country was worried by the presence of the warships in the Baltic Sea, complaining the move was likely to keep tension in the region high. 
'This is … worrying and is not something that helps to reduce tensions in our region,” Defence Minister Peter Hultqvist told Sweden's national TT news agency. 'This affects all the countries round the Baltic.” 
Swedish media said the Kalibr missiles had the range to hit targets across the Nordic region. The Russian Defence Ministry said in August that the two corvettes had been used to fire cruise missiles at militants in Syria. 
Polish Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz, in Brussels for a NATO meeting, called the deployment 'an obvious cause for concern,” the PAP news agency reported. 'Moving such ships into the Baltic changes the balance of power,” he said. 
Earlier this month, Russia moved nuclear-capable Iskander-M missiles into Kaliningrad leading to protests from Lithuania and Poland.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 28, 2016 Joe Barnes — Daily Express.com Oct 27, 2016 The Veliky Novgorod ready to launch. Click to enlarge 
The Veliky Novgorod is the latest addition to Russia's Black Sea fleet which is capable of striking land, sea and underwater targets, and follows other significant movements by the Russian navy. 
The diesel-electric vessel, which sports advanced stealth technologies and increased combat range was officially launched in St. Petersburg on Wednesday. 
Deputy Commander of the Russian Navy Vice-Admiral Aleksandr Fedotenkov and Admiralty Shipyard CEO Alexander Buzakov were in attendance at the official flag-raising ceremony before the vessels moved to the Black Sea for operation. 
Earlier this month, Mr Buzakov said that another Varshavyanka-class submarine, the Kolpino, would be launched in November. 
He said: 'The state of tests of the fifth submarine, the Veliky Novgorod, were successfully completed and on October 25 it will be handed over to the Black Sea Fleet. 
'The transfer of the sixth submarine, the Kolpino, is underway, scheduled to be completed on November 25.” 
The submarines are designed for anti-ship and anti-submarine operations in mid-depth waters, are capable of holding a crew of 52, have a top underwater speed of 20 knots and a cruising range of 4000 miles. 
They can stay submerged for 45 days and are armed with 18 torpedoes and high surface-to-air missiles and will join Russian efforts to defeat ISIS in Syria. 
Russian President Putin has also bolstered his warship fleet in the Baltic sea by arming them with long-range missiles which are capable of striking Europe. 
Two ships, traveling through the Mediterranean in the fleet of five, were thought to be remaining in the sea, where they were due to refueling in Spain before making their way towards Syria. 
But instead, the two ships have moved through the North Sea, passing through the Great Belt around Denmark and into the Baltic Sea. 
It is believed the ships are on their way to Russia's Baltic enclave Kaliningrad, which has recently had scores of missiles deployed to the area. 
A source told Russian media: 'With the appearance of two small missile ships armed with the Kalibr cruise missiles the Fleet's potential targeting range will be significantly expanded in the norther European military theatre.” 
Nato has stepped up its plans to deploy thousands more troops to the Russian border as President Putin continues to increase his nation's preparation for war. 
The global alliance will use its meeting with European Union officials to launch an aggressive push to implement troops in Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. 
An agreement – signed at a Nato summit in Warsaw in July – will see as many as 4,000 soldiers stationed close to the Russian border in case Moscow launches all out war.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 28, 2016 Alana Goodman — Daily Mail.com Oct 27, 2016 
Bill Clinton is a sex-addicted 'monster' who mocked Hillary Clinton by calling her 'The Warden' in front of friends and privately boasted about his high notch count, according to his long-time mistress and childhood friend Dolly Kyle. Dolly Kyle. Click to enlarge 
Kyle, now 68, says she had a decades-long affair with the former president before and during his marriage and had a front-row seat to Bill's salacious double-life in the 1970s and '80s. 
Their on-again, off-again relationship ended abruptly in the 1990s, after Bill Clinton allegedly threatened to 'destroy' Kyle if she spoke to the media about their relationship. 
Kyle's decades of observations, shared in an interview with the DailyMail.com as well as in her 2016 book The Other Woman, provide a unique perspective on the Clintons' marriage and the couple's treatment of the women who have accused the former president of infidelity or sexual assault over the years. 
Kyle, an Arkansas native who has since befriended several of Bill Clinton's sexual assault accusers, said she was determined to come forward with her story after hearing Hillary Clinton say on the campaign trail that women who have been sexually assaulted have the 'right to be believed'. 
'When [Hillary Clinton] said women who claim they are raped or sexually assaulted should be believed, we should support them, I thought 'You lying dog hypocrite”,' said Kyle. 
She said the Clintons' attacks on her reputation – and alleged attacks on other women who had relationships with or were assaulted by Bill Clinton – show that Hillary Clinton is not a supporter of women or victims of sexual violence. 
Kyle said Bill Clinton threatened her over the phone in the early 1990s after she alerted him that a reporter had been asking her questions about their relationship. 
'When I warned him about this story, which I had no intention of cooperating with, his threat to me was, 'If you cooperate with the media, we will destroy you”,' said Kyle. 'Bam. I slammed the phone down. It rang immediately. Kept ringing, I didn't answer it again.' 
Kyle first met Clinton at a country club in Hot Springs, Arkansas, when she was 11 and he was just shy of his 13th birthday. She described it as a 'thunderbolt' of immediate attraction even then. 
The two became good friends and dated casually throughout high school, and later began a sexual affair in 1974 after Kyle and her first husband divorced. 
Their relationship spanned three decades, continuing through Bill Clinton's marriage to Hillary and Kyle's remarriage, and culminating in a dramatic confrontation at the lovers' 35th high school reunion. Hillary Clinton admires Christine Aguilera's breasts. Clinton is rumoured to be an active bisexual. Click to enlarge 
During this time, Kyle said Clinton often indicated that he was unhappy in his marriage – calling Hillary Clinton 'The Warden', admitting that he was a sex addict, and complaining to Kyle that his sex life was 'over' after he moved in with Hillary at Yale. 
During one secret rendezvous in 1979, Kyle said then-Governor Clinton confided to her that he was desperate to have a baby for political reasons. 
Kyle initially thought Bill wanted to have a baby with her, until he clarified that he wanted to have one with Hillary – hinting that he was concerned about political rumors that Hillary was a lesbian. 
'I said, 'Why do you want to have a baby? You don't even have time, you're so busy”,' said Kyle. 'He said [Hillary and I] have to have a baby so that we will look like a normal couple, and we need to take attention away from The Warden's 'lifestyle”.' 
'Now, he did not say Hillary is a lesbian,' she added. 'Billy didn't have to spell out what that meant… Everybody in Little Rock knew the same rumors about Hillary being a lesbian as they did about Billy being a lech.' 
One night in 1972 when Bill was visiting with Kyle in Arkansas, he told her he had moved in with a girl named Hillary and sadly added that he thought this would be the end of his sex life. 
`It was in 1972, before Billy and I were having our adult relationship, when he had moved in with Hillary,' said Kyle. 'He said, 'I think my sex life is over”.' 
Kyle said she first met Hillary Clinton two years later, when Bill brought his future wife to Hot Springs for his unsuccessful congressional race, and asked Kyle – who he was also dating at the time – to pick them up at the airport. 
Kyle said she was 'shocked' by Hillary's unkempt appearance, poor hygiene and matronly clothes, and didn't believe it was the same girl Bill had moved in with. 
'I picked Billy up at the airport and he had this dowdy-looking middle-aged woman with him…this woman was Hillary,' she said. 'Hillary, I thought was a Hillary impersonator. Because she looked so bad and she smelled so bad I just didn't believe this was Hillary. 
'Seriously, I thought this was some kind of a joke Billy was playing on me.' 
Hillary's eyes, glared at her from behind 'coke-bottle-thick lenses with an air of real hostility. Her thick eyebrows melded together stretching across her forehead. 
Finally the introduction: 'Dolly, this is Hillary. Hillary, Dolly.' 
'I was stunned,' Kyle recalled, thinking it was 'some kind of a sick joke'– a woman in a hideous disguise. 
Kyle extended her hand but Hillary only glared and nodded. 
'I couldn't imagine why Billy would haul such a person in the plane with him in public. She was wearing a misshapen, brown, dress-like thing that must have been intended to hide her lumpy body. The garment was long, but stopped too soon to hide her fat ankles and her thick calves covered with black hair,' Kyle said. 
But was Hillary's smell that Kyle says she remembers most. 
'In that moment I noticed that the woman emitted an overpowering odor of perspiration and greasy hair. I hoped that I wouldn't gag when she got in my car,' she said. 'The sandal-shod woman with lank, smelly hair stood off to the side and glared at everyone.` 
`I vowed to myself not to drive off without the other woman, no matter how bad she smelled.' 
After the meeting, Kyle said Hillary Clinton sent her father and her brother to Arkansas to ostensibly help with Bill's campaign but also to keep tabs on his womanizing. 
At the time, Kyle said Bill was also dating a University of Arkansas co-ed named Marla Crider – and Hillary Clinton allegedly threw a fit when she found evidence of the fling. 
'Hillary came swooping in from Washington to Fayetteville, went through Billy's things, found little cards and notes, you know, the cutesy kind of things you do when you're dating someone,' said Kyle. 'She shredded them. She shredded those documents…these were notes to him from Marla, these were things from Marla.' 
Kyle said Hillary also 'started calling [Marla] in the middle of the night, threatening her'. 
She speculated that part of the reason Hillary was so enraged was that Bill's affair with Marla Crider undermined the public story about the Clintons' early romance. 
'They had this story about their romance at Yale law school. Billy even repeated it at the Democratic National Convention. Well what if people knew about Dolly Kyle and Gennifer Flowers and Marla Crider? It kind of ruins Hillary's story,' said Kyle. 
According to Kyle, Bill Clinton often used a derogatory nickname for Hillary when he was talking to his mistress or the security guards at the governor's mansion. 
'After the day Billy introduced me to Hillary…he never used her name again. He always called her 'The Warden,' said Kyle. 'She was the person who was trying to keep control of him who was in charge of what he was doing.' 
Kyle said this nickname fit with Hillary's reputation in Arkansas, where she was often portrayed as a coarse northerner who disdained the traditional role of an Arkansas first lady. 
According to Kyle, there were constant stories about Hillary's alleged temper. On the night Bill Clinton lost his congressional race in 1974, Hillary was allegedly overheard lashing out at a Jewish campaign staffer with an anti-Semitic slur. 
'Apparently that night when Billy was losing, she went on one of her tirades to a guy named Paul,' said Kyle. 'People in the other room heard her call him an 'f***ing Jew bastard”.' 
In another incident from Bill Clinton's term as governor, Hillary Clinton was tasked with hosting an annual Easter egg hunt at the governor's mansion for special needs children. But, according to Kyle, Hillary allegedly became irritated by the slow pace of the event. Bill and Hillary Clinton at Yale in 1973 
'Some of [the kids] were physically impaired some of them were mentally impaired. But [the governor's staff] hid the eggs in plain sight and made it easier for these kids to find these eggs,' said Kyle, whose close friend was involved in organizing the event. 
'So during this hunt it was getting warm in Arkansas. Well, Hillary was getting tired of it, and the kids were moving slowly, so she goes stomping onto the veranda. She said 'When are they gonna get those f-ing retards out of here?' said Kyle. 'Thankfully, and blessedly, the children were oblivious to it. Their parents were appalled.' 
Kyle, who says she suffered from sex addiction for many years after she was raped as a teenager, recalled one candid conversation she had with Bill Clinton after she entered therapy. She said Clinton told her he was also a sex addict. 
'I talked to Billy about that, and I went through the 25 questions we use to ask 'Am I a sex addict?” It's a self-diagnosed thing, like [Alcoholics Anonymous],' said Kyle. 'Billy and I went through the questions, and he said, 'Oh my god. I'm a sex addict”.' 
'I don't know if Hillary had the cognitive awareness that he was a sex addict. This is a problem that can be dealt with,' Kyle added. 
At some point in the evening, I felt a hand on my arm and it was Billy. He says 'How are you?” Condescending, patronizing, despicable. 'How are you?” And I just turned around, and I just said 'You are such an anatomical part, I can't believe you'd bother to ask”,' said Kyle. 
She said after a brief, heated exchange – during which a Secret Service agent tried to separate them – she finally agreed to sit down and talk to Bill Clinton in a quiet corner of the event. 
She told Clinton that she had no plans to talk to the press, but was going to put out a novel that alluded to their affair. 
She also told Clinton about a legal aid non-profit she had started in Dallas. The president told her to 'come to Washington', and allegedly promised to turn the organization into a project of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. Kyle said she declined the offer. 
Clinton later denied having a sexual relationship with Kyle during a deposition for the Paula Jones sexual assault case 
Kyle said she was shocked to hear this, calling it 'lie after lie'. She said just a short while before Bill's testimony, his attorneys had tried to prevent her from testifying in the Paula Jones case by arguing that the two of them had a consensual sexual relationship and her testimony would not be relevant. 
'What he did was perjury,' said Kyle, who ended up testifying during the Jones case about Clinton's alleged sex addiction. 
Although Kyle said she was appalled to hear the sexual assault allegations against Clinton, she said she absolutely believed them – even though Clinton was never violent to her during their relationship. 
'Knowing he was a sex addict, it was easy for me to believe that. Easy for me intellectually to believe it. Very difficult emotionally,' she said. 'And that's when I started realizing, the Billy Clinton I knew was not this monster he became.' 
Kyle claimed she sees a double standard in how the media covers sexual assault allegations against Donald Trump and Bill Clinton. 
'I'm sorry, I'm not saying [Trump] didn't leer at some girl. I'm not saying he didn't pat one on the fanny. I don't know. I don't know what all of those charges are,' said Kyle. 'But the media is focusing on that every single day while Billy Clinton raped a woman, and sexually assaulted god knows how many women.' 
She said that since publishing her book earlier this year, she has been contacted by multiple women who have also had sexual run-ins with Clinton but do not want to go public. 
'When I say, please come out and talk about this, they're afraid,' she said. 'Because they know that the mainstream media if they get on this story, is just going to trash them. 
'Some of them say, 'I was 17 at the time, I was 18 or 19 years old”, or, 'I haven't told my husband about this”, or, 'my children would be appalled”, or, 'my grandchildren would be embarrassed”. So they don't say anything.'

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 28, 2016 Ben Jacobs, Sabrina Siddiqui and Spencer Ackerman — The Guardian Oct 28, 2016 
The FBI is investigating newly discovered emails related to Hillary Clinton's personal server, its director has announced. 
The FBI had announced in July that its investigation into the Democratic presidential candidate's private email server had concluded with a recommendation of no criminal charges in the matter, although James Comey, the FBI's director, criticised Clinton as 'careless”. 
But in a letter sent to members of Congress on Friday, Comey said new emails had been discovered in an 'unrelated” case. 
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation,” Comey wrote. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” 
Comey added: 'Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant and I cannot predict how long it will take to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony.” 
'The system might not be as rigged as I thought,” remarked Donald Trump at a rally on Friday afternoon. 
A US security source firmly ruled out that the 'unrelated case” Comey referred to in his letter was the investigation into the digital penetration of the Democratic National Committee earlier this year. US intelligence officials have blamed Russia for hacking the DNC and releasing its internal communications online. 
The source, who would not speak on the record, said neither that inquiry nor its adjuncts were related to the new investigative developments related to Clinton. Nor is the recent criminal investigation into a National Security Agency contractor accused of hoarding highly classified intelligence data. 
Later the Associated Press, citing an unnamed official, claimed the newly discovered emails ' did not come from her private server ”. 
The letter from Comey comes 11 days before the presidential election and nearly four months after the FBI director announced the bureau would not recommend criminal charges against Clinton for what it dubbed 'extremely careless” use of a private email server while secretary of state. The FBI director said then: 'Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes … our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case.” 
It was not immediately clear if Clinton would address the matter publicly. She ignored shouted questions from reporters waiting on the tarmac about the FBI's announcement and did not raise the issue after taking the stage in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, sticking with her routine stump speech.

ARTICLE

By Smoking Mirrors on October 29, 2016 Smoking Mirrors — Oct 29, 2016 Dog Poet Transmitting……. Chances are better than not that Trump might win this election. Of course, with the Soros voting machines and the collective hatred of the privileged toward those being ground to dust beneath their hobnailed boots, it's a no brainer that the election will be hijacked no matter what. The biggest enemy of humanities liberation from the cesspools of manufactured darkness has been human ignorance. For whatever the reason, in this apocalypse, people are waking up and becoming angry. They are seeing Clinton for the international mass murderer and criminal that she is. It turns out to be less a vote for Trump than it is a vote against Hillary. The key evidence to support this particular argument is that few people are showing up for Hillary rallies and speeches and large crowds are attending Trumps. The degree of anti-Trump bias in the media is beyond anything previously seen and the polls, as we know, are bullshit. I haven't spoken to a single person here, on our aborted trip, or anywhere that was not for Trump and… I have spoken to a lot of people. It's pretty good crowd sampling as it covers several states and pedestrian locations in those states. An associate of mine named Bill Juhas tells me that as he sees it, Obama plans on pardoning Hillary for all of her crimes and in return, Hillary will appoint him to the Supreme Court. That makes a strange kind of sense. I do not doubt the possibility of anything these fiends might attempt to throw at us. What Obama has done to American culture is about as obscene as it gets. He should be locked in a very small gender neutral bathroom with a bipolar tranny for all eternity. My only hesitation in passing this on to the authorities who control these placement duties is that he might like it. Our trip was aborted because the psychic and ethereal, material ethers were vibrating with a type of manic panic, the like of which I have not previously encountered. Turning around and heading back the way we came had an immediate salutary effect on all of our senses of well being and the potential lack thereof. Your friendly author has not always exercised the common sense and native judgment that was available to him. We're trying transform that tendency into something useful out of the shards of former stupidities. There have been a few dustups in these environs of late and some amount of crazy email spamming as well (these are not connected). We didn't bother to read the emails and we tried to exercise detachment in respect of the former. Now we will turn to the point of this exercise which is only tangentially associated with the garbage time antics of a handful of dysfunctional psychopaths, or what they may be planning to do to screw things up for the rest of us; not the least of which is to generate an economic disaster of Godzilla like proportions, to render us terrified and malleable. Economic disasters do not come about on their own. They are manufactured by Satanists and as we have said here on more than one occasion, one does not have to be an initiated Satanist to be a Satanist. Anyone who behaves like one is one. What we would like to talk about, here, in the waning moments of same old same old, is a most subjective thing. It has to do with my own intuition. It has to do with what I am feeling, as I scan what I am able to see of the world around me; close at hand and at a further remove. It has to do with the way information feeds into my consciousness and then reassembles itself into projections for the future. As we know, there really is no such thing as the future but… for the sake of argument… I feel no apprehension whatsoever. I feel as if it is all in the process of working itself out in a most wonderful and serendipitous way. This does not mean that millions will not die, due to this possible schematic or that possible schematic. We live in a collected universe in which we are all a universe unto ourselves and the possibilities of what might and might not happen are endless, as is the pointlessness of speculation. We live in a time of experts who can't find their ass with both hands. Let us consider that hundreds of millions, billions will die whether anything happens or not because that is the nature of mortal terms of being. That is the nature of each of our individual leases on life. A catastrophe can sweep the planet. A ruinous war can escalate to the point of no return, by which few or none return from it. Anything might and might not happen in this unpredictable world but what I do know is that it is all under control and in the hands of the most far seeing and benevolent power; the most absolute and unassailable power that there is or ever was. I had been told this a long time ago; a long time ago in relative terms and a tiny blip of time otherwise. I heard it but I did not hear it because I did not understand it but now I do. I have come to understand the meaning of it. The experience of comfort that I take from this is immense. Everything is under control!!! Surely we all remember the scripture that says; 'Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing? and one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father's consent.” Nothing takes place here that is not permitted or engineered by the master of all things. It is a peculiar disconnect in this life that we can hear and not hear. We can understand the intellectual meaning of a statement but the force of it escapes our awareness. Of course, an atheistic would dismiss the validity of this. They believe that there is nothing beyond our presence here and once we are gone we are gone forever. They believe that life is an accident of some form of evolution of consciousness and form. There is not a great deal that I know but… I know that this is not true. I have direct experience otherwise and that has occurred more times than I can remember. I know that God is real. My perception of God is most certainly flawed but the existence of God is beyond any doubt in my heart and in my mind. I feel a terrible sense of loss when I consider the fate of an atheist, as I do when I think of all the wasted lives that pass like drunken marionettes before my eyes. I am powerless to effect a change in their destinies since in the majority of cases our paths will never cross. You and I and anyone can only affect those that fortune has put in our way. Usually we influence others through the operation of our desires and appetites, or through the various traumas that we visit on one another. Occasionally we might inspire another, if we ourselves are inspired and therein lies the heart of the matter. It is up to us who and what we seek out for inspiration. If we are dedicated and determined we will attract the attention of an angel of light, who is employed by the origin of light and we will be influenced by that light and we will transmit that light into the lives of others. I can think of no greater and more meaningful employment of our energies in this life. Nothing else seems to contain anything of value. It is just the rotating wheel of endless futility. It is the dance of Sisyphus. I look at all the alternatives in life and these options fill me with horror. To me, Hell is a consciousness devoid of the almighty. Hell is the absence of God. I do not intend to define what God is. That is beyond the capacity of any human mind and it is the source of never ending contention as well as immeasurable cruelties that take place each day because so many of us have made presumptions upon the nature of the ineffable. It is not our job to delineate the composition of the divine. It is our job to 'host' the divine and the result of that hosting is that we are filled with the spirit and presence of the divine and thereby the divine is inclined to express through us to the degree that we permit this to occur. The divine is present, after a fashion in every one of us because we could not be alive otherwise but… we preempt this with the shadow of the false self and it is thicker or thinner depending on the individual involved and what they get up to. This shadow is made denser and less dense according to the manner in which it is employed. Some activities are dark indeed. I believe that nothing positive is served by worry and fear. Fear displaces Love and without Love one has no guidance and no protection. Love not only casts out fear but it arrests the potential of all of the events that fear exists in the apprehension of. We each have some understanding of the meaning of love but the meaning of Love it far too deep for us to comprehend more than a fragment. If Love is housed in our being and allowed to guide and direct us, it will drive everything that is not Love far away from it. You will walk and live and breathe in confidence and every moment you will come closer to Love and Love will come closer to you. Let us turn our minds away from every specter that this world generates in order to confound and distress us. Focus on the great and unassailable power of the ineffable and let the rest of it go its way according to the people and situations it applies to. These other phantasms are of no concern to us, unless we make them so. End Transmission…….

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 29, 2016 Richard Brandt — Russia Insider Aug 14, 2016 
The recent George Soros hacks show plans/conspiracy to subvert Russia's traditional values. 
George Soros' Open Society's Foundation is responsible for funding many 'civil rights organization” that promote 'Western values” in Russia. 
Soros is one of the 30 richest people in the world, known for supporting Cultural Marxist organizations around the world, using his billion dollar wealth to wield enormous influence in society. 
Here is a damning quote from the leaked files of Soros' Open Society Foundation: 
'Our inclination is to engage in activities that will … counter Russian support to movements defending traditional values” 
The language in Soros' internal communication read as if his Foundation sees itself as a full-scale warrior in a global conflict, 'the stakes are high”, and 'we should avoid entering directly into the geo-strategic warfare…” 
Enjoy these choice excerpts from the leaks” 
Full leaks here: http://dcleaks.com/index.php/srs_reserves/ Click to enlarge 
Seems Uncle Vlad has been supporting traditional values around the world…Time to start a colored revolution to bring liberalism and cultural decline to Russia! Click to enlarge 
And they said the 5th column was a myth! Click to enlarge 
The rise of Patriotic resistance in the West is a problem for Soros and his foundation

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 29, 2016 Pat Buchanan — The Unz Review Oct 28, 2016 
Should Donald Trump surge from behind to win, he would likely bring in with him both houses of Congress. 
Much of his agenda — tax cuts, deregulation, border security, deportation of criminals here illegally, repeal of Obamacare, appointing justices like Scalia, unleashing the energy industry — could be readily enacted. 
On new trade treaties with China and Mexico, Trump might need economic nationalists in Bernie Sanders' party to stand with him, as free-trade Republicans stood by their K-Street contributors. 
Still, compatible agendas and GOP self-interest could transcend personal animosities and make for a successful four years. 
But consider what a Hillary Clinton presidency would be like. 
She would enter office as the least-admired president in history, without a vision or a mandate. She would take office with two-thirds of the nation believing she is untruthful and untrustworthy. 
Reports of poor health and lack of stamina may be exaggerated. Yet she moves like a woman her age. Unlike Ronald Reagan, her husband, Bill, and President Obama, she is not a natural political athlete and lacks the personal and rhetorical skills to move people to action. 
She makes few mistakes as a debater, but she is often shrill — when she is not boring. Trump is right: Hillary Clinton is tough as a $2 steak. But save for those close to her, she appears not to be a terribly likable person. 
Still, such attributes, or the lack of them, do not assure a failed presidency. James Polk, no charmer, was a one-term president, but a great one, victorious in the Mexican War, annexing California and the Southwest, negotiating a fair division of the Oregon territory with the British. 
Yet the hostility Clinton would face the day she takes office would almost seem to ensure four years of pure hell. 
The reason: her credibility, or rather her transparent lack of it. 
Consider. Because the tapes revealed he did not tell the full truth about when he learned about Watergate, Richard Nixon was forced to resign. 
In the Iran-Contra affair, Reagan faced potential impeachment charges, until ex-security adviser John Poindexter testified that Reagan told the truth when he said he had not known of the secret transfer of funds to the Nicaraguan Contras. 
Bill Clinton was impeached — for lying. 
White House scandals, as Nixon said in Watergate, are almost always rooted in mendacity — not the misdeed, but the cover-up, the lies, the perjury, the obstruction of justice that follow. 
And here Hillary Clinton seems to have an almost insoluble problem. 
She has testified for hours to FBI agents investigating why and how her server was set up and whether secret information passed through it. 
Forty times during her FBI interrogation, Clinton said she could not or did not recall. This writer has friends who went to prison for telling a grand jury, 'I can't recall.” 
After studying her testimony and the contents of her emails, FBI Director James Comey virtually accused Clinton of lying. 
Moreover, thousands of emails were erased from her server, even after she had reportedly been sent a subpoena from Congress to retain them. 
During her first two years as secretary of state, half of her outside visitors were contributors to the Clinton Foundation. 
Yet there was not a single quid pro quo, Clinton tells us. 
Yesterday's newspapers exploded with reports of how Bill Clinton aide Doug Band raised money for the Clinton Foundation, and then hit up the same corporate contributors to pay huge fees for Bill's speeches. 
What were the corporations buying if not influence? What were the foreign contributors buying, if not influence with an ex-president, and a secretary of state and possible future president? 
Did none of the big donors receive any official favors? 
'There's a lot of smoke and there's no fire,” says Hillary Clinton. 
Perhaps, but there seems to be more smoke every day. 
If once or twice in her hours of testimony to the FBI, grand jury or before Congress, Clinton were proven to have lied, her Justice Department would be obligated to name a special prosecutor, as was Nixon's. 
And, with the election over, the investigative reporters of the adversary press, Pulitzers beckoning, would be cut loose to go after her. 
The Republican House is already gearing up for investigations that could last deep into Clinton's first term. 
There is a vast trove of public and sworn testimony from Hillary, about the server, the emails, the erasures, the Clinton Foundation. Now, thanks to WikiLeaks, there are tens of thousands of emails to sift through, and perhaps tens of thousands more to come. 
What are the odds that not one contains information that contradicts her sworn testimony? Cong. Jim Jordan contends that Clinton may already have perjured herself. 
And as the full-court press would begin with her inauguration, Clinton would have to deal with the Syrians, Russians, Taliban, North Koreans and Xi Jinping in the South China Sea — and with Bill Clinton wandering around the White House with nothing to do. 
This election is not over. But if Hillary Clinton wins, a truly hellish presidency could await her, and us. Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of the new book 'The Greatest Comeback: How Richard Nixon Rose From Defeat to Create the New Majority.”

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 29, 2016 Morgan Chalfant — Washington Free Beacon Oct 28, 2016 
U.S. and Russian military jets reportedly had a close encounter in Syrian airspace several days ago. 
AFP, citing U.S. officials, reported Friday morning that a Russian fighter jet flew dangerously close to a U.S. jet in airspace over eastern Syria on Oct. 17, nearly two weeks prior. 
A Russian jet escorting a larger spy aircraft flew into the vicinity of the U.S. warplane, moving to 'inside half a mile” from the American plane, according to Air Force Lieutenant General Jeff Harrigian. #BREAKING Russian, US jets had near miss over Syria: US officials 
— AFP news agency (@AFP) October 28, 2016 
'I would attribute it to not having the necessary situational awareness given all those platforms operating together,” Harrigian further stated, according to AFP. 
An unnamed defense official said that the Russian aircraft 'was close enough you could feel the jet wash of the plane passing by.” 
The U.S. and Russia have set up a line of communication to avoid clashes in airspace over Syria. In this incident, the American pilot reportedly attempted to communicate with the Russian warplane but was unsuccessful. 
Harrigian also reported an increase in close encounters between American and Russian military jets in the region in the past six weeks. He said that Russian jets have intentionally flown close to U.S. warplanes about once every 10 days. 
Tensions between the United States and Russia have been exacerbated over the situation in Syria in recent weeks, following a failed ceasefire deal and suspension of communications between the two countries. 
Russian and Syrian jets have bombed civilians and U.S.-backed rebels in Aleppo, drawing ire from America. Moscow has threatened to shoot down coalition jets that target Bashar al-Assad's forces with air strikes in Syria, after reports indicated that the Obama administration would consider targeting Syrian government forces with strikes.

ARTICLE

By Francis Carr Begbie on October 29, 2016 Francis Carr Begbie — Occidental Observer Oct 27, 2016 . The dismantling of the Calais 'Jungle” refugee camp has been marked by huge scenes of disorder with rioting, at least one gang rape , and much of the camp going up in flames. But there has been uproar in Britain too since the realisation that most of the thousands of 'child refugees” , which the Prime Minister had agreed to accept, were neither children nor refugees. From the moment these healthy, strapping adult male migrants stepped off the bus in London it was obvious that the British people had been subjected to yet another massive immigration deception. Those who enabled and organised this 'child refugee” scam are brazening it out, safe in the knowledge there will be no comebacks for them. First they attempted to prevent any more embarrassing pictures by throwing blankets over the arrivals so they resembled state witnesses at a Mafia trial. Then a screened walkway from the bus alighting point to the door of the reception centre was erected overnight for the same purpose. Dental tests to determine the real age of these youths were ruled out as an 'invasion of privacy.” And there is no question of having them deported, so nothing can be done now. They're here. Get over it. But of course, it all works better if there is no clamour from the public. So the powers-that-be have resorted to the tried and tested method of stifling dissent. Anyone who sticks his head above the parapet to raise doubts is subjected to stern lectures about their moral shortcomings. BBC TV presenter Gary Lineker chastised his fellow British for their 'shameful” attitudes, while Labour shadow Home Secretary Diane Abbot t attacked those who wanted to carry out dental tests to assess their age as 'racist.” Pop singer Lily Allen became a media darling when, on behalf of the people of Britain, she made a tearful apology to the refugees for causing their plight. Let that sink in. Britain caused the plight of the refugees. After voting for Brexit, for ordinary British people, who have seen their schools, hospitals and welfare services strained to breaking point, a fresh influx of immigrants was not exactly what they had been looking forward to. After all, Britain has no legal or moral obligation to take these people. They were supposed to be the responsibility of the first country they arrived at in the EU. And why are they coming to racist Europe anyway? It's incredibly short-sighted of them. Why not go to some Asian or African country? Or Israel? This fresh burden will be placed squarely on the local authorities that receive the immigrants, and they are going to have to dig deeply. While the government is providing £40,000 ($48,000) per annum for each young refugee, the total annual cost is around £133,000 ($162,000). So tax increases — or reduced services in other areas — are predicted. Naturally little of this will fall on the prosperous London boroughs filled with BBC-watching, morally uplifted Whites. Instead many migrants are being located in far-flung areas such as Devon or poorer northern communities already thronging with refugees, such as Bradford. The tipping point in the long battle to admit these bogus 'child refugees” seems to have been a multi-faith initiative in which more than 200 religious leaders led by the former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Williams and senior representatives from the Buddhist, Hindu, Muslim and Sikh faiths — signed a letter urging the Prime Minister to admit 3,000. In a speech at a London synagogue, Lord Williams described the Calais camp as 'a stain” on the British conscience. But in fact, this alleged multi-faith support was not what it appeared to be. It was largely organised by dozens of Jewish activists working through an organisation called Citizens UK that organised the casework and poured substantial resources into ensuring that the necessary amendments to the law would make it through Parliament. The Calais 'Jungle” crisis has brought the Jewish community together in a unity of purpose rarely seen outside the occasion of Israel's various wars. From the highest communal levels to the smallest youth groups, it seems everyone Jewish has been mobilised in the cause of getting uneducated, unassimilable Muslim economic migrants into Britain. It is a campaign they have chosen to frame in entirely moral terms. The Jewish community's loud insistence has been that not only is Britain under a strict moral obligation to take these migrants but that there should be no upper limit. To do otherwise would be to undermine our reputation as a humanitarian country that wishes to describe itself as civilised. Their arguments have been formed around highly emotional anecdotes and images. Time and again we have been treated to stories of children struggling in the squalor at the Calais 'Jungle” camp. The iconic photographs of the lifeless body of three-year-old Syrian boy Aylan Kurdi washed up on a Turkish beach are frequently invoked. You will notice that nowhere is there any consideration of the stress this is causing on existing British communities, especially those in the poorer areas where refugees are invariably housed. Nor is there any recognition of the profound unfairness this imposes on the native White community who will be required to support these strangers via the welfare system, health and housing services. Such a process is not only unaffordable, it makes a mockery of the basic idea that help from the welfare state is in return from previous tax contributions. There is a largely unspoken reason for this: resentment over Britain's perceived inadequacy in admitting Jewish refugees before World War II. In fact, Britain admitted many tens of thousands of Jews in the 1930s, but it is an article of faith amongst many Jews that Britain could and should have admitted many more. Typical of this attitude was the speech of Rabbi Herschel Gluck, founder of the Muslim-Jewish Forum. He says he lost over 100 relatives in the Holocaust and implied that Britain's wartime attitudes to refugees were to blame for this. 'I feel obliged to ensure we don't make the same mistakes,” he said. Numerous references were made to the Kindertransport programme by which Jewish children from Europe were smuggled into Britain. (The TOO has already debunked much of this greatly mythologised episode.) A veteran of that same Kindertransport is the figurehead for the Calais refugee crusade. eighty-four year old Lord Alf Dubs , a veteran Labour politician. He has tirelessly campaigned for mass immigration all his life. A former director of the Refugee Council, he somehow arrived in Britain aged six in 1939 despite Britain's horrendous attitudes at the time, and was shown much Christian charity. Since then, he has chosen to repay this kindness by devoting his life to opening Britain's borders to non-Whites from around the globe. According to EU law, refugees should have been processed at the first country they arrived at, so some ruse had to dreamed up whereby Britain could allow their entry. This was done through a device known as the EU's Dublin III regulation, whereby lone refugee children could be taken to any European country where they have a relative. This was not enough for Lord Dubs. He wanted the 'child refugees” in the Calais 'Jungle” admitted to Britain without any 'family reunion” qualification and pushed his own amendment which would oblige the British government to transfer to the UK any unaccompanied refugee children from Europe. To this end Lord Dubs was able to count on wholesale establishment support. Not just the Archbishop of Canterbury but charities , NGOs and even economists all rallied round. TOO has already shown the hugely disproportionate Jewish influence on a similar letter from senior lawyers. The same disproportionately Jewish influence can be seen in the plea from the 126 economists. One of the signatories was Jonathan Portes, who can be fairly regarded as the architect of Tony Blair's mass immigration disaster . So it seemed as if the passing of the Dubs amendment to an immigration bill was a foregone conclusion. But then at the vote in the House of Commons there was a problem. For Conservative politicians had not long finished fighting a general election campaign in which their voters had left them in no doubt how they felt about the never-ending waves of mass immigration. In the House of Commons the Dubs amendment was defeated . Jewish campaigners could barely contain their anger. The nagging, scolding words of Dr. Edie Friedman , director of the Jewish Council for Racial Equality, were characteristic. As a result, children across Europe will remain cold, alone and at risk over the coming months. This was an opportunity to stand on the right side of history, to bring relief to just 3,000 of the 95,000 unaccompanied children who applied for asylum in Europe last year. We wake up this morning on the wrong side of history and on the wrong side of compassion.The Immigration Bill has shown the UK at its worst, uncaring about the suffering of children a mere 30 miles away in places like Calais, but it has also shown us (sic!) at our best. Rabbi Harry Jacobi too was beside himself with anger at MPs voting in accordance with their electorate's wishes. For him loomed the shadow of 1938, when Britain decided to stop the flood of Jewish refugees. Too many MPs with hardened hearts, just like the biblical story of Pharaoh. To close their eyes and hearts to unaccompanied children, to insist that it is alright to detain pregnant women, and that refugees can still be detained indefinitely simply on the say so of an immigration official. These are not the actions of a world-leading moral civilisation. Then, in one of his last acts as Prime Minister, David Cameron did a U-turn and announced he would allow the amendment to go through unopposed. Now Britain could admit the bogus 3,000 'refugee children” unilaterally. Citizens UK's main task seems to be getting migrants or 'refugees” into Britain and dispersed around the country. It describes itself as a 'community organiser's hub,” but is in fact an arm of the state with deep pockets and a nationwide network of affiliated organisations. It has fought many legal battles for refugees and succeeded in getting migrant 'child asylum seekers” released from detention centres and housed in the wider community. So how Jewish is it? At letterhead level it seems to be drawn from a cross-section of the community, but at organiser level, the Citizens UK appears to be disproportionately Jewish. (This tactic of recruiting sympathetic non-Jews and giving them highly visible position in Jewish-dominated causes has a very long history, going back at least to immigration battles in the early twentieth century, as recounted in Chapter 6 of SAID [p. 192ff] and Chapter 7 of Culture of Critique [e.g., pp. 249-250].) They include the Citizens UK spokeswoman , Rabbi Janet Darley, who, of course, has a tear-jerking story to tell. She said it was when a 15-year-old migrant fell under the wheels of a truck he was trying to board that she felt that she had to get involved. For me, that was the deal breaker — I knew I couldn't live with myself if I didn't do everything I could to make sure there were no more dead children. … The Torah warns us against the wronging of a stranger. For us, this is core teaching and not an optional extra. Another Jewish Citizens UK activist is senior organiser Charlotte Fischer, who is lobbying for Britain to increase the total number of 'Syrian” refugees it has agreed to take from 20,000 to 50,000. 'We are doing shamefully compared to Canada” she chides. But the UK is doing awesomely compared to Israel. Doesn't that count for anything? Citizens UK campaigner Rabbi Danny Rich is co-chair of yet another arm of the refugee industry, the National Refugee Welcome Board. He clearly has the magic touch when it comes to getting access on the BBC. Since the beginning of September he has graced at least half a dozen BBC outlets including the main BBC TV news and the BBC World Service and gets softball kidglove treatment from all of them. He blithely brushed aside the concerns of ordinary British people: 'Look at the Kindertransport and the contribution made to Britain over the last 70 years by those who escaped the Nazis. Look at the contributions made today by doctors, nurses and care workers, many of who were not English born.” Anyone doubting the distinctly Jewish flavour of Citizens UK would be advised to look at this promotional video , also featured at the beginning of this article. Of course, no British refugee campaign would be complete without the presence of Rabbi Laura Janner-Klausner who can be guaranteed to be at the forefront at any number of 'multi faith” immigrant events including a Citizens UK vigil outside the House of Commons. Citizens UK is an umbrella organisation overseeing local grass roots initiatives for refugees all over the country, many of which are Jewish-organised. One of the main ones is called Safe Passage UK . In an article for the Jewish Chronicle, the two Jewish organisers described their work as 'fighting injustice.” Apparently a group of synagogues had raised £200,000 for them in just a few weeks. Rabbi Rebecca Birk was recently named by the Evening Standard as one of London's most influential people for her fund raising for Safe Passage UK. Again, her entire rationale is bound up with her Jewish identity, framed, of course, as a moral imperative stemming from the inherently moral essence of Judaism. She says : The Jewish identity is predicated on being a foreigner, relying on the kindness of strangers, it runs through our own theology really: doing good, mending the world. We talk of three pillars the world stands on — the Torah, divine service, and kind acts. It's an anathema to be a Jew and only be concerned with oneself. A clear sense of Jewish identity also informed the efforts of the three fashionable north London women who decided to put their media careers on hold to set up the Help Refugees charity in the Calais 'Jungle.” The women, two of whom are Jewish, have tapped into a lucrative market indeed, and their outfit was one of the biggest players in Calais. It has been a massive, trendy, profile-raising success. After setting up, they were inundated with corporate contributions, and now they run 26 projects from Israel and on the migrant trail all the way across Europe. Articles about them focus on 'child refugees.” And because Hollywood is well-known for its high moralism, it is not surprising that actors such as Benedict Cumberbatch and Lena Dunham have lent their support. Help Refugees even has a mobile kitchen on to the shores of Greece where their volunteers are helping refugees from Turkey from their dinghies and then seeing them off on their long journey across Europe. One of these women, Dani Lawrence, insists her parents fled anti-Semitism in Morocco in the sixties. The Jewish community has an extremely high opinion of its charitable efforts. Their strong Jewish identities and loyalty to their tribe are obvious, and it is wonderful that all that philanthropy makes them feel so good about themselves. But it might be worthwhile for the White British to ask what exactly is in it for them, apart from Kosher certification? It is time to ask some searching questions about the real motives that lie behind all this Jewish selflessness. After all, a charitable disposition towards Muslims is not exactly a characteristic of Jewish life anywhere else and certainly not in the Palestinian territories. And no question is guaranteed to infuriate Jewish activists more than asking why Israel doesn't admit any refugees from Syria which is, after all, next door? So what do they get out of this sudden influx of unassimilable immigrants who have neither the temperament nor inclination to fit into modern Britain? Sadly, as readers of TOO are all to familiar with (see, e.g., ' Is immigration a Jewish value? '), the motivation is not compassion but veiled ethnic vindictiveness aimed at undermining and dispossessing ordinary British people. One of the questions that British people might also ask themselves is this: If those British people in the 1930s who had admitted waves of Jewish refugees could see the fruits of what they had done, what would they think? If those British people, who were to suffer so much in a war they were told was about 'freedom”, if they were to see the streets of Peckham, Newham or any number of London boroughs or cities today overrun by Third-Worlders, what would they think? And if they were to then told, in detail, about the role of Jewish activism, power and 'philanthropy” in bringing about this transformation, what would their thoughts be then?Perhaps they would agree with so many of us. That the Jewish invocation to 'heal the world” seems to be code-words for eradicating White identity and eradicating the power of Whites to control their own destiny. And perhaps, instead of admitting these 'child refugees,” Britain would have been better off remembering the words of another Jewish sage, economist Milton Friedman, who said 'You can have a welfare state or you can have open borders, but you cannot have both.”

ARTICLE

By Robert Fisk on October 29, 2016 Robert Fisk — The Independent Oct 26, 2016 The rubble of the smashed town of Mouadamiya. Click to enlarge 
From the moment you cross the bridge over the old steam train railway line to Deraa, you can see what happened to this little town south-west of Damascus . It's not just the bullet holes, the smashed buildings, the toppled mosque with its minaret lying in pathetic chunks, nor the apartment blocks that have slid into the streets after two years of Syrian tank fire and helicopter bombing. Nor the underground hospital. It's not even the women walking with their children again through the scarred streets, nor the street-sellers outside the blitzed buildings. 
It's the young men, some bearded, eyes alert, the men of the old Liwa al-Fatah, the Liberation Brigade militia that fought the Syrian army, queuing up without their weapons to register at the checkpoint. Still proud but now working with the government to keep the government's enemies out of Mouadamiya, they are a guarantee, of sorts, that their town will stay rebel-free. The regime still holds 800 of their relatives and friends in unknown prisons; another guarantee, of sorts, that they will remain loyal. 
What also happened was a change of heart. And a phone call to the opposition from a man identified as a British 'officer” called Ford. The government also realised it should never have taken the land from the people of Mouadamiya before the war, nor dismissed their peaceful protests with such arrogance in 2011. And then the men who took up arms realised, two years later, that they had been betrayed. 
Such a moment came to 27-year old Mahmoud Khalifa when he took a phone call in November 2013 from the 'Military Operations Centre” in Jordan, whence the West's agents and Arab allies have tried to direct, coerce and arm the tens of thousands of men who want to destroy President Bashar al-Assad. 
'There was a Saudi on the phone and he handed me over to a British officer who said his name was Ford, Dr Khalifa recalls. 'We asked for help, we called for arms, weapons, money. And the answer from Ford was: 'We can send ammunition for light weapons. We can't send heavy or sophisticated weapons.' I asked why, and the answer came back: 'You are in an area so close to the capital that we will not allow you to advance.' 
'They were playing with us. I insulted the two officers. I told them: 'We will not allow you to use us like an instrument – and this is the last time you call us.'” Dr Khalifa, who is a medical doctor, narrows his eyes when he says this. His 'allies”, it seems, wanted the war to continue – to destroy Syria rather than the regime. And he is a man with another burden. His older brother is one of the 800 prisoners, arrested in Damascus because the army realised his family connection to the doctor. 
The Military Operations Centre is real enough. Captured rebels have talked about the 'MOC” in Jordan, and Syrian intelligence officers have for months monitored communications between the MOC and elements of Jabhat al-Nusra (aka al-Qaeda) and the febrile Free Syrian Army around the southern city of Deraa. The Syrian army believes it is located close to the Jordanian-Syrian border. It is a worthy subject of investigation. 
But when the war ended in Mouadamiya, promises were kept. The government agreed that Syrian militiamen in the town would remain free – and allowed to travel anywhere in Syria under government control, providing they surrendered their weapons. According to 45-year old Khaled Khodr – the head of the Liwa al-Fatah and nicknamed the Mayor by his fighting men – 600 fighters along with their families, a total of 1,500 who did not trust the government, were permitted to leave with their side-arms for rebel-held areas in Idlib province. 
Dr Khalifa has been told that 95 of them are now gathered near the Turkish border, keener to become refugees in safety than carry on the fight. 
But sides call this a reconciliation and it's a miniature version of what the Syrian government must intend for eastern Aleppo: the surrender of their enemies and the expulsion of those who will not give up their weapons and the gradual restoration of life for the surviving civilians after months of ruthless bombardment. There's even a 'reconciliation committee” in Mouadamiya – one of dozens operating in other townships around Damascus and Homs – to oversee the new peace, with local mukhtars – town leaders – and former fighters and Syrian military intelligence officers on the committee. 
Peace must come in stages. The electricity and water in Mouadamiya was never cut by the government, a smart move by someone in authority who realised that there were limits to a siege – albeit scarcely applied in Aleppo – which might lead to submission at a later date. Syrian troops have not entered Mouadamiya and the men who defended it believe the 800 prisoners will be freed after the new governor arrives to hoist the Syrian flag over the municipal buildings in a few days' time and to declare the town safe. A Syrian intelligence man, a big beefy figure who refused to give his name or talk publicly, admitted that this was the intention: the prisoners would be freed 'step by step”. 
Could this be a model for eastern Aleppo if the slaughter ends? The ex-fighters here have their doubts. Too many of the armed groups in Aleppo are foreigners who would prefer to fight on. Too many are Islamists. In Mouadamiya, Khaled Khodr's Liwa stepped in at once when Nusra Islamists arrived from the suburb of Ghouta and tried to join their fight – he told them to leave. But this did not spare the town. Among the buildings destroyed in the long battle was the largest school – never a rebel base, according to the former fighters – and in all 1,800 of its people were killed in the siege, most of them from the Liwa. Only just over 2,000 civilians lived on amid the wreckage. Mouadamiya's mukhtar, Mohamed Jallab, reckons that 40,000 of its inhabitants who fled three years ago have now returned. 
And reconciliation seems to work, at least publicly. The former Syrian fighters talk with government soldiers on the edge of the town, even sharing their cigarettes, queuing up to sign a register to visit Damascus and talking freely – in and out of the hearing of the soldiers — of their battle against the regime. They were, like all militiamen, civilians when there was no war to fight: I met a painter, two truck drivers, a barber, three students – one of them studying Arabic literature in Damascus, who was a nurse during the fighting – a car mechanic and a former government soldier who has agreed to rejoin the ranks of the army he fought against for so many months. 
Although the 'reconciliation opening” of Mouadamiya commenced less than two weeks ago, there had been a de facto truce holding – on and off – for two years, and many of the combatants knew each other. It's always that way in a civil war – or 'the crisis”, as both sides refer to the Syrian bloodbath here. There was a kind of honour during the siege. At the start, there had been Free Syrian Army men, mostly regime defectors with little heart in the battle, but the local fighters lost many of their comrades during the siege. Dr Khalifa says he lost 20 of his relatives and friends. 
At the hospital – operating rooms underground, wards one floor above – Dr Ratep Daoud displayed the three primitive tables with cardiac equipment and ventilators and green sheets and flaking walls where he and his internist and pediatrician and Dr Khalifa tried to save so many lives amid the bombardment. The hospital was never hit, but 1,600 of the doctors' patients died in this cramped building. Eighty per cent of them were fighters. Just as in eastern Aleppo, the local civil defence men pulled wounded and corpses from the rubble. They did indeed wear 'white helmets” – though they were not called that – and several of them could be found resting in their trucks and office near the hospital. For them, the war is also over. 
Mouadamiya is a curious town. The vegetable gardens that the 2,000 or so civilians nurtured to ward off starvation are still there. So are the plastic screens to prevent government snipers shooting at the people of Mouadamiya. There are massive ramparts of earth around the old front lines. Twenty years ago, most of this was rich farmland: prosperous families lived in the stone villas, the remnants of which stand on the outskirts. Ancient olive groves still snake their way into the town and stand behind scorched apartment blocks, their gnarled trunks and swaying branches a faintly ironic balm amid so much destruction. 
These were the lands appropriated before the war, when the townspeople demanded their restitution and a new state governor. The regime did not listen to them. The same happened in Deraa. And in Homs and other cities. And of course, eventually, protest turned into war. And foreigners, who neither knew nor cared where Mouadamiya was, sent in their guns and agents to keep it running.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 29, 2016 US Preparing For War With Russia? Cristina Silva — IBT Oct 25, 2016 This 1997 aerial photograph shows the entrance to a cave facility the U.S. military uses in the Trondheim region of central Norway. Heavy armour, tanks, artillery and Armoured Personnel Carriers are pre-positioned in the cave complex ready for use by thousands of NATO troops who could be flown into Norway should conflict erupt with Russia. (Defense Department photo courtesy of the National Archives). Click to enlarge 
More than 300 Marines will be deployed to Norway along the Russian border as tensions between Moscow and Washington over conflicts in Ukraine and Syria have provoked new threats of sanctions and military upgrades. The deployment marks the first time a foreign military will be on the ground in Norway since World War II, according to Reuters. 
The Marines will take part in training and manoeuvres in near Arctic conditions. They will be stationed at the Vaernes military base in central Norway about 600 miles from Russia and will 'increase NATO's ability to rapidly aggregate and employ forces in northern Europe,” Major General Niel Nelson, commander of U.S. Marines in Europe, said Monday. 
Norway typically maintains good relations with the Kremlin and the two nations share a 122-mile border in the Arctic. But the Russian military has raised concerns in recent months after ordering its troops to train along Norwegian airspace and expand remote border roads. Moscow's recent military exercises near Sweden, Denmark and Finland, as well as the former Soviet Union states of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, have also stroked fears of a miltary build-up. 
'This U.S. initiative is welcome and also fits well within ongoing processes in NATO to increase exercises, training and interoperability within the Alliance,” Norwegian Defence Minister Ine Eriksen Soreide said in the statement. 'The defence of Norway is dependent on allied reinforcements, and it is crucial for Norwegian security that our allies come here to gain knowledge of how to operate in Norway and with Norwegian forces.” 
NATO previously deployed four multinational battalions to Poland and the Baltic States to temper Russian agression, and U.S. tanks have been stationed in Europe. Norway has been a NATO member since 1949, but under a deal with Russia it had prevously said it would not allow foreign troops on its land. But Russia's ongoing military conflicts in Ukraine and Syria have drawn rebuke from Europe and the United States, including threats of further sanctions. Meanwhile, Moscow continues to spend big on defense . 
Former senior Norwegian army officer Jacob Borresen told broadcaster NRK the latest deployment 'sends negative signals eastwards” that could incite a Cold War-style 'confrontation zone.” 
Russia has already denounced the move . 'Taking into account multiple statements made by Norwegian officials about the absence of threat from Russia to Norway, we would like to understand why Norway is so much willing to increase its military potential, in particular through the stationing of American forces in Vaernes, 'embassy spokesman Maxime Gourov said in an email to Agence France-Presse.

ARTICLE

By Kevin Boyle on October 29, 2016 henrymakow.com — Oct 28, 2016 I predicted Trump will win and asked my readers what the Illuminati's game plan is. While most readers favor Trump, Kevin Boyle and others suspect his real role is to lead Americans into WW3. Americans would never follow Hillary into battle. by Kevin Boyle — (henrymakow.com) Thanks for the article on Trump . I have been thinking about trying to write such an article on my own blog for a while. The key danger seems to me to be as follows: Trump is on a project to 'take back America”. From whom? Well, quite obviously … Jewish bankers. When he is elected he is in a perfect position to play the anti-banker-establishment game whilst a major war is engineered in which he will be a more than willing participant … backed by the heartfelt support of an adoring and grateful public (very much in the Hitler fashion). The international banksters will get their war and they can even publicly oppose it so that they will get everything we know they want while taking NONE OF THE BLAME. It would be incredibly dangerous for them to try to use the hated Hillary to perform this duty in the current post-Brexit, Trumpist, Euro-Revolting anti-Banking world. Such a game plan is probably looking to these people, our traditional (but increasingly hated) masters as just PERFECT. They get their war, while 'anti-banker” stooges and dolts can be ascribed blame and (as usual) actually take the blame for a situation that they, THE USUAL SUSPECTS, have artfully engineered. This looks like a highly possible, even probable, narrative for future events. On the other hand it is just possible that he means what he says and that Trump really intends, like Vladamir Putin, to make his country's culture overtly Christian again, to reduce the power and influence of the international banking cartel and set an admirable template of self-sufficiency, self-reliance and freedom for communities that other countries will rush to copy. Just possible. Highly unlikely but you never know. Here's hoping and praying. HITLER TEMPLATE

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 29, 2016 Michael Krieger — Liberty BlitzKrieg Oct 27, 2016 
WAR is a racket. It always has been. 
It is possibly the oldest, easily the most profitable, surely the most vicious. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives. 
A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of the people. Only a small 'inside” group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few, at the expense of the very many. Out of war a few people make huge fortunes. 
– From Major General Smedley Butler's War is a Rackett 
Former Congressman Dennis Kucinich has just penned an extremely powerful warning about the warmongers in Washington D.C. Who funds them, what their motives are, and why it is imperative for the American people to stop them. 
The piece was published at The Nation and is titled: Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors. 
Read it and share it with everyone you know. W ashington, DC, may be the only place in the world where people openly flaunt their pseudo-intellectuality by banding together, declaring themselves 'think tanks,” and raising money from external interests, including foreign governments, to compile reports that advance policies inimical to the real-life concerns of the American people. As a former member of the House of Representatives, I remember 16 years of congressional hearings where pedigreed experts came to advocate wars in testimony based on circular, rococo thinking devoid of depth, reality, and truth. I remember other hearings where the Pentagon was unable to reconcile over $1 trillion in accounts, lost track of $12 billion in cash sent to Iraq, and rigged a missile-defense test so that an interceptor could easily home in on a target. War is first and foremost a profitable racket. How else to explain that in the past 15 years this city's so called bipartisan foreign policy elite has promoted wars in Iraq and Libya, and interventions in Syria and Yemen, which have opened Pandora's box to a trusting world, to the tune of trillions of dollars, a windfall for military contractors. DC's think 'tanks” should rightly be included in the taxonomy of armored war vehicles and not as gathering places for refugees from academia. According to the front page of this past Friday's Washington Post, the bipartisan foreign-policy elite recommends the next president show less restraint than President Obama. Acting at the urging of 'liberal” hawks brandishing humanitarian intervention, read war, the Obama administration attacked Libya along with allied powers working through NATO. 
Indeed, I warned about this in last week's piece: U.S. Foreign Policy 'Elite' Eagerly Await an Expansion of Overseas Wars Under Hillary Clinton . The think tankers fell in line with the Iraq invasion. Not being in the tank, I did my own analysis of the call for war in October of 2002, based on readily accessible information, and easily concluded that there was no justification for war. I distributed it widely in Congress and led 125 Democrats in voting against the Iraq war resolution. There was no money to be made from a conclusion that war was uncalled for, so, against millions protesting in the United States and worldwide, our government launched into an abyss, with a lot of armchair generals waving combat pennants. The marching band and chowder society of DC think tanks learned nothing from the Iraq and Libya experience. The only winners were arms dealers, oil companies, and jihadists. Immediately after the fall of Libya, the black flag of Al Qaeda was raised over a municipal building in Benghazi, Gadhafi's murder was soon to follow, with Secretary Clinton quipping with a laugh, 'We came, we saw, he died.” President Obama apparently learned from this misadventure, but not the Washington policy establishment, which is spoiling for more war. The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America's current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on 'mission accomplished.” CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. The Brookings Institute has taken tens of millions from foreign governments , notably Qatar, a key player in the military campaign to oust Assad. Retired four-star Marine general John Allen is now a Brookings senior fellow . Charles Lister is a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute , which has received funding from Saudi Arabia , the major financial force providing billions in arms to upend Assad and install a Sunni caliphate stretching across Iraq and Syria. Foreign-government money is driving our foreign policy. As the drumbeat for an expanded war gets louder, Allen and Lister jointly signed an op-ed in the Sunday Washington Post, calling for an attack on Syria. The Brookings Institute, in a report to Congress , admitted it received $250,000 from the US Central Command, Centcom, where General Allen shared leadership duties with General David Petraeus. Pentagon money to think tanks that endorse war? This is academic integrity, DC-style. And why is Central Command, as well as the Food and Drug Administration, the US Department of transportation, and the US Department of Health and Human Services giving money to Brookings? Former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, who famously told Colin Powell , 'What's the point of having this superb military you're always talking about if we can't use it,” predictably says of this current moment , 'We do think there needs to be more American action.” A former Bush administration top adviser is also calling for the United States to launch a cruise missile attack on Syria. The American people are fed up with war, but a concerted effort is being made through fearmongering, propaganda, and lies to prepare our country for a dangerous confrontation, with Russia in Syria. The demonization of Russia is a calculated plan to resurrect a raison d'être for stone-cold warriors trying to escape from the dustbin of history by evoking the specter of Russian world domination. It's infectious. Earlier this year the BBC broadcast a fictional show that contemplated WWIII, beginning with a Russian invasion of Latvia (where 26 percent of the population is ethnic Russian and 34 percent of Latvians speak Russian at home). The imaginary WWIII scenario conjures Russia's targeting London for a nuclear strike. No wonder that by the summer of 2016 a poll showed two-thirds of UK citizens approved the new British PM's launching a nuclear strike in retaliation. So much for learning the lessons detailed in the Chilcot report. As this year's presidential election comes to a conclusion, the Washington ideologues are regurgitating the same bipartisan consensus that has kept America at war since 9/11 and made the world a decidedly more dangerous place. The DC think tanks provide cover for the political establishment, a political safety net, with a fictive analytical framework providing a moral rationale for intervention, capitol casuistry. I'm fed up with the DC policy elite who cash in on war while presenting themselves as experts, at the cost of other people's lives, our national fortune, and the sacred honor of our country. Any report advocating war that comes from any alleged think tank ought to be accompanied by a list of the think tank's sponsors and donors and a statement of the lobbying connections of the report's authors. It is our patriotic duty to expose why the DC foreign-policy establishment and its sponsors have not learned from their failures and instead are repeating them, with the acquiescence of the political class and sleepwalkers with press passes. It is also time for a new peace movement in America, one that includes progressives and libertarians alike, both in and out of Congress, to organize on campuses, in cities, and towns across America, to serve as an effective counterbalance to the Demuplican war party, its think tanks, and its media cheerleaders. The work begins now, not after the Inauguration. We must not accept war as inevitable, and those leaders who would lead us in that direction, whether in Congress or the White House, must face visible opposition. 
Thank you Mr. Kucinich, I couldn't agree more.

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Top US General Pleads With Troops Not To Revolt Over 2016 Essential Reading General Ivashov: 'International terrorism does not exist” By wmw_admin on February 24, 2007 
Gen. Leonid Ivashov was Chief of Staff of Russian armed forces when the 9/11 attacks took place, but he says, they weren't carried out by Osama or al-Qaeeda. The most likely culprits, says the General, were transnational mafias and international oligarchs Waco: The Untold Story. By wmw_admin on May 6, 2006 
The real story behind Waco. A shocking revelation that ultimately led to the death of the man who sought to expose it, attorney Paul Wilcher. Bilderberg Meeting – Media Should Be Ashamed By wmw_admin on July 12, 2003 
Why do the Bilderberg meetings receive so little coverage. Victor Thorn examines why, and how, real news is suppressed by the mainstream media BBC Report (Subsequently Deleted): Ukrainian Fighter Shot Down MH17 By wmw_admin on July 31, 2014 
On the anniversary of its downing: BBC reporter interviews eyewitnesses (with English subtitles) who saw jet fighters fire on MH17. The BBC has since deleted the report They Live By wmw_admin on August 19, 2012 
Considered by some as prophetic, many will find eerie echoes of present day concerns in John Carpenters 24-year-old 'They Live'. View the cult classic here Juri Lina – In the Shadow of Hermes By wmw_admin on July 15, 2011 
Fixed and a 'must see” for all serious students of REAL history. This outstanding video from the author of 'Under the Sign of Scorpio” challenges many modern myths. With English subtitles The Mastermind Behind 911? By wmw_admin on February 11, 2005 
He recieved hardly any media attention while chief financial officer at the Pentagon, but he might just be THE KEY FIGURE behind the events of 911 The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part II By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Former City of London insider reveals that the depopulation program would begin with a planned war between Israel and Iran. More importantly, he goes onto to describe how we can derail their plans for global dominance America Before Columbus By Rixon Stewart on September 1, 2006 
Could it be that certain powers have a vested interest in keeping our real history under wraps? Because a great deal has been unearthed which is completely at odds with conventional notions regarding the origins of what we know today as America The Essene Gospel of Peace II By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Translated by Purcell Weaver and Edmond Szekely from its original Aramiac, a language that today few know but 2000 years ago was the language that Christ spoke and taught with

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / US Air Force Command Apologizes for Flying Close to Russian Jets over Syria Essential Reading Who Really Murdered Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman? By wmw_admin on February 28, 2015 
Revelations that a US soldier was the killer would have jeopardised public support for the 'War on Terror”. Hence a frame-up was required. A Joe Vialls classic recovered. 'Holocaust” declared 7 years before there was a 'Holocaust” By wmw_admin on December 13, 2014 
The New York Times was already reporting of Jewish persecution and an ongoing 'Holocaust” in May 31, 1936 9/11 Masterminds – Explosive Connections By wmw_admin on October 7, 2011 
This brilliant video investigation reveals more incriminating evidence on those behind 9/11. Includes stunning revelation on Bush cousin Jim Pierce's role. Highly recomended The Lady, The Queen and what it really means By wmw_admin on December 28, 2009 
Every picture tells a story and with some photos and a few words Paul Powers shows us what was hidden in the background when Queen Elizabeth II met pop sensation Lady Gaga The Life of an American Jew in Racist Marxist Israel Part I By wmw_admin on July 2, 2007 
Jack Bernstein was a rarity, an American Zionist who 'returned' to Israel, not for a holiday but to live and die in Israel building a Jewish nation. What makes him almost one of a kind, however, was his ability to see through the sham of Zionism The Illuminati Chronicles Part II By wmw_admin on November 28, 2007 
A Short History of the New World Order Part II By cyberpatriot@hotmail.com Aug. 10, 1973 – David Rockefeller writes an article for the 'New York Times” describing his recent visit to Red China: 'Whatever the price of the Chinese Revolution, it has obviously succeeded not only in producing more efficient and dedicated administration, but also […] Affidavit of Richard Tomlinson By wmw_admin on February 14, 2008 
'I firmly believe that there exist documents held by the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) that would yield important new evidence into the cause and circumstances leading to the death of the Princess of Wales.” Reincarnation and the Early Christians By wmw_admin on January 7, 2009 
Reincarnation was an integral part of early Christianity (as was strict vegetarianism. Ed.). Near Death.com explores what it refers to as the 'secret teachings of Jesus” and how all traces of it and Christian Gnosticism were later erased The Essene Gospel of Peace I By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Based on texts found in the Vatican library and the Royal Library of the Hapsburg's and dated to the first century AD, the following is considered by some to be the real words of Christ Holocaust, Hate Speech & Were the Germans so Stupid? – Updated By wmw_admin on March 23, 2011 
The brilliant examination of the 'Holocaust' by Anthony Lawson has since been censored on the basis of a false Copyright infrigment. But as Lawson explains, this just another attempt to stiffle freedom of expression

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 30, 2016 By Timothy Fitzpatrick — The Fitzpatrick Informer Oct 29, 2016 Anno Domini Donald Trump and Mossad asset Ghislaine Maxwell out on the town in New York City in 1997. Click to enlarge Part I Any inquisitive person should be asking themself why a seemingly anti-establishment candidate like Donald Trump has been allowed to get as far as he has in the U.S. presidential race for election November 8. The simplest answer is that he isn't anti-establishment and is only fronting a very convincing facade for public consumption. The family-made rich man has been strategically propped up as the all-accommodating GOP extremist opponent of candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton, herself part of the very same establishment and even personal friend to Trump—at least prior to the race. The two candidates come from the same organized criminal syndicate that leads back to Israel, its murderous Mossad terrorist organization, and the Lansky international crime syndicate. Furthermore, as we shall see, Trump is nothing more than a puppet of Mossad and is likely under their control through opportunism and, darker yet, blackmail. What Trump and his cronies all share in common is sexual compromise and their loyalty to the international Judeo-masonic power structure. Sexual blackmail and Illuminism Jeffrey Epstein and alleged child sex procurer Ghislaine Maxwell Perhaps the most powerful form of blackmail is that which involves sexual matters, and so it is that throughout human history, many men of power have been brought down upon revelation of some sexual scandal. It was through this channel that Adam Weishaupt's illuminism (blackmail) was so successful in his time through to today (Weishaupt stole the Catholic sacrament of confession and used for his own personal gain—so that he could gain knowledge of people's sins in order to use it against them). Since then, it has proven to be the most useful form of blackmail employed, especially in the political world. Every person in a position of power should be suspected of being controlled through this form of blackmail, since the Judeo-masonic cryptocracy controls virtually every aspect of organized government, the press, and the financial system, to name a few. You may have heard of the bizarre sexual initiation of Yale University's Skull and Bones secret society, where the would-be bonesman reveals his sexual secrets to his fellow initiates and initiators. [ i ] From the very start of their societal ascent, you could say, a bonesman is blackmailed and falls under control of the society. Former Israeli Mossad case officer Victor Ostrovsky revealed in his first tell-all book about the Mossad: '… there are three major 'hooks” for recruiting people: money; emotion, be it revenge or ideology; and sex.” [ ii ] This scenario is played out in virtually every sphere of influence at one degree (pun intended) or another. As it happens, both presidential candidates are connected to sexual scandals, the likes of which we shall explore in Trump's life. Mossad's child-sex ring procurers Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein

ARTICLE

By John Kaminski on October 30, 2016 John Kaminski — The Rebel.org Oct 24, 2016 Dark secrets remain unrevealed as society's fabric disintegrates Why is every major politician surrounded by Jewish 'advisers'? 
Too many things don't make sense. 
What makes us act against our own best interests? 
Why are we Americans encircling Russia with tanks and missiles? Why do we create our own terrorists and bomb our own allies? Why do we blow up our own buildings and claim that the crime was done by terrorists who simply cannot be found? What do the misanthropes who operate the gears of power want by causing constant conflict? 
Sometimes Washington reminds me of the Old Testament, ruled by a wrathful God who orders us to kill those whose property we wish to steal. Why would we hire the most odious criminals in the world to butcher the inhabitants of Middle Eastern countries? I mean, whose work are we doing by these actions, covertly funding Israel-friendly Arab radicals to demolish nations who refuse to do our bidding? 
There can be only one answer. America is no longer run by Americans. Because the same people who commit the crimes own the newspapers and TV networks, most Americans don't realize their country has long ago been taken away by the very international bankers Henry Ford warned us about, who Adolf Hitler warned us about. 
Now Ford and Hitler are the most widely reviled personalities from the 20th century. Not a day goes by when you don't hear something nasty about them. They tried to stop the Jewish takeover of reality. The tidal wave of Jew-owned white noise media overwhelmed them. 
What most people still don't realize is that none of these neocon wars would have happened had Hitler won World War II. He never wanted to conquer anyone. He only wanted the return of Germany's ancestral lands, which had been stolen by the Jewish allies (US, Britain, USSR) after World War I. 
All the horror stories about Hitler are projected Jewish fantasies that have dominated the Western airwaves for a half century. They are meant to obscure Hitler's economic miracle and the path to a financial future free of the vampire Jews. 
Hitler floated seven peace proposals prior to World War II. But because he had challenged the Jewish monopoly of control of the world's financial affairs, the Jews would let him have no peace. The secret Jew Roosevelt pushed the levers of war. Winston Churchill started bombing the first day he took office. 
Think of all the wars that have been spawned by the Jewish murder machine since that time, the 1940s. It's impossible to say that none of them would have happened, but had Hitler won, the Jews would not now be strutting around the world using U.S. military might as its brutal enforcer to rob all nations of the their most valuable possessions, and even more chilling, to stamp out all traces of opposition to their psychopathological hijacking of everyone's reality. 
You can't live a normal life because of the Jews, harvesting and neutering everything they encounter, like some robot parasite destined to suck the life out of the world, as Hitler and Ford both warned us about, turning your food into poison and your daughters into tramps. 
There is no one to turn to for help. Turn to the wrong person and you can get killed. 
Call the cops and your pet's as good as dead. 
Anywhere in the white United States, if you saw a woman being raped by 20 men on the street, everyone's first impulse would be to stop the crime, or at least report it to the cops. 
Not so in the ugly deserts of the Middle East, where insane Arab terrorists hired by Jews and Americans commit the most barbaric crimes in order to blame these false flag atrocities on people it means to exterminate, a task for which any excuse will do for these world famous killers. 
This is the real American personality, the goons who hired those al-Qaeda mercenaries to rape and kill Qaddafi in the streets, people like Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. Stone cold killers. And they laugh about it. 
If you were in your right mind, you wouldn't ever trust people like this. 
America gassed those hundreds of children in Syria and tried to blame it on Assad. People finally began to realize that nothing the U.S. government ever says is true. The terrorists who supposedly slit people's throats are so over-the-top because they are all a Hollywood act < http://www.globalresearch.ca/isis-beheadings-of-journalists-cia-admitted-to-staging-fake-jihadist-videos-in-2010/5399345 >. 
Americans have begun to realize that they are the killers they thought they had been fighting. It turns out the fight has just begun. 
Unglued. Society is becoming unglued. The fabric of society is disintegrating. What horrific chaos is sure to follow can only be envisioned by our most harrowing nightmares. 
There are no explanations that adequately describe what exactly is happening to the world at the present time except to note that things that once seemed to work now no longer do. 
It seems like freedom has been devalued and shackled, and governments make too many decisions the people never wanted, like the World Wars, the Great Depression and the War on Drugs. 
To be an American today is like living in a grand old steamship that is not so slowly sinking into a jellified ocean, petrified minds in a viscous sea of misinformation, afraid to challenge orders they know are lies, sliding into oblivion without a clue that they are doing so. 
The separation of the population into chosen and neglected applies to all religions, guaranteeing perpetual sectarian strife. Those who are chosen believe it is their right to rob and kill whomever they choose, that they are simply following the laws of nature and the personalized deity they choose to hallucinate. 
Governments have adopted this policy. Peace is achieved when robbers agree to divide the spoils. The rest of the people are left to scramble for scraps. It has always been this way, I think. 
The government overreach to extend help to needy immigrants is really part of a ploy to dilute the American electorate into undereducated slaves who will support the government through any atrocity because it is the government that is keeping them alive. 
This is how the Democrats guarantee themselves a majority of citizens too grateful for the financial help to ever quarrel with the government's expansionist objectives and its continuing restrictions on individual rights. 
There are simply too many subjects to be addressed, to be worried about. 
They swathe all the final cuts of vegetables, right before it goes to market, with Glyphosate, to make sure everyone gets poisoned. 
Step in brackish Louisiana water with a cut on your foot and your body will completely disintegrate in a few weeks. 
The fallacy of the cloister regiments us into soldier slaves, causing us to murder those who disagree with what we say. 
The more technology increases the faster human abilities dissipate. 
The flaw of democracy is that the people with the money can convince the people with the guns to start shooting at any time. 
The government has blackmailed states into implementing a Communist agenda that reduces the intelligence of citizens. 
So many lies told over so many years. 
As long as we try to see things through the toxic filter of Jewish media, what we see will be a mirage that aims to mislead, exploit or destroy us. Coming unglued. 
The world is coming unglued. 
Like the Atlantic Gulfstream, the circadian rhythm of the planet has been disrupted. 
Ever since it was discovered that men will kill each other over practically anything, there have been those who will cultivate disagreements for profit, such as weapons makers who seek to widen their markets by endlessly promoting conflict, or newspaper owners who fan the flames of discord and scandal and watch their profits skyrocket. 
It's like we're all spectators at the old Roman Coliseum only instead of some hapless prisoner getting chewed up by lions, the stakes in this entertainment are if the beast wins much of the known world will be turned to rubble and most of us will be suddenly dead. This is no exaggeration. Just ask the people in Syria or any of a dozen other countries that Israel, using U.S. muscle, has destroyed. 
It's like the shadow of Judaism casts its evil pall over every area of human endeavor, pollutes everything, cheapens our lives, makes everything artificial. Why do Jews seek to murder the natural? 
Why do they strive toward wanting to be everyone's jailer and demanding immunity for their obnoxious crimes against humanity, whom they call beasts while their heckling Heebs twitch and moan to the insanities of their so-called holy book. 
They suck the blood of their babies' penises. How insane do you have to be? 
Failure to identify this threat and solve this mystery has now placed human society in absolute peril, as the majority of human beings sinks into a second class consciousness, while those with the keys to kosher success join the ranks of ruthless guards keeping watch on a world of pathetic prisoners. 
Too many things don't make sense. 
Is our fear of death so strong that we have to destroy ourselves to prove we are immune to it? Better yet would be acknowledgment of its inevitability that would create a clearer view of who we are and what we're doing. 
Because what we're doing now, and how we are proceeding further into this toxic reality we have created for ourselves, offers us no future except and increasing decay and corruption that the Jews seem to love so much. Like bloodthirsty vultures they look for stricken carcasses on the road that they can devour in their insatiable drive to consume the whole world and everything in it. 
The Jews intend to kill everything natural and replace it with a Jewish product that can be controlled from afar. They will fail in this attempt and likely destroy humanity in the process. 
In any case, we are well on our way to being completely regimented with independent consciousness no longer an option. 
We have no fix on the future. Neither presidential candidate offers us a way out of our trouble because neither will admit the overwhelming control inflicted by the Jews on the whole world is leading to a mindless police state in which our only thought will be to serve the state no matter how cruel and depraved that assignment might be. 
To disagree with the aims of the Jewish monster state is to court your own death, or at least to be slandered and ostracized by people you thought were your friends. 
Too many things don't make sense. What unexplored dark corner of our brains would make us create our own enemy in order to keep our fellows enslaved and exploited? John Kaminski is a writer who lives on the Gulf Coast of Florida, constantly trying to figure out why we are destroying ourselves, and pinpointing a corrupt belief system as the engine of our demise. Solely dependent on contributions from readers, please support his work by mail: 6871 Willow Creek Circle #103 , North Port FL 34287 USA.

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Top five donors to Clinton campaign are Jewish Essential Reading The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part II By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Former City of London insider reveals that the depopulation program would begin with a planned war between Israel and Iran. More importantly, he goes onto to describe how we can derail their plans for global dominance Coming Clean By wmw_admin on April 29, 2004 
Chemtrails are not the product of some 'Conspiracy Theory'. They are real. We get the low down from an aircraft mechanic who has done his own investigating US 'backed plan to launch chemical weapon attack on Syria, blame it on Assad govt': Report By wmw_admin on June 15, 2013 
This report appeared in January, 2013, but was subsequently removed from the Mail's website. Fortunately some observers copied extracts, which we repost here The Advent of the Anti-Christ By Rixon Stewart on August 2, 2010 
A few words on the market meltdown and how it may assist the debut of a truly sinister figure The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part I By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Bill Ryan talks to a former City of London insider who participated in a meeting where the elite's plans for depopulation were discussed. The meeting, which took place in 2005, also discussed a planned financial collapse Dov Zakheim and the 9/11 Conspiracy By wmw_admin on April 23, 2010 
Our web hosts were threatened with legal action after lawyers representing none other than Dov Zakheim himself claimed this article was 'defamatory.” Due to an oversight the article was not fully removed so read it before Zakheim gets us shut down The Lady, The Queen and what it really means By wmw_admin on December 28, 2009 
Every picture tells a story and with some photos and a few words Paul Powers shows us what was hidden in the background when Queen Elizabeth II met pop sensation Lady Gaga They Live By wmw_admin on August 19, 2012 
Considered by some as prophetic, many will find eerie echoes of present day concerns in John Carpenters 24-year-old 'They Live'. View the cult classic here The Life of an American Jew in Racist Marxist Israel Part II By wmw_admin on October 27, 2006 
Written nearly twenty years ago, Jack Bernstein's words now have a prophetic ring which he paid for with his life Al Qaeda – The Database By Wayne Madsen on May 15, 2009 
Pierre-Henry Bunel, a former agent for French military intelligence, tells of the origins of Al Qaeda and its ultimate purpose

ARTICLE

Zimbabwe Daily — Oct 29, 2016 
LORD Peter Mandelson has warned the UK Government that an 'endgame” was underway in Zimbabwe giving two examples of how the 'crisis” will play out. 
Mr Mandelson, the chair of Lazard International investment bank, told British civil servants the Zimbabwean dictator is preparing an 'endgame” for the country, suggesting he believes he is close to being on his death bed. 
One of the creators of New Labour under Tony Blair, Mr Mandelson visited the country in February for business and civil purposes, he claims. 
However he later became embroiled in a lobbying row after Mr Mugabe's finance minister Patrick Chinamasa flew to London to discuss a bail-out plan for the country. 
Mr Mugabe's regime was apparently attempting to borrow $1.1 billion (£900m) facilitated by the peer's bank. 
Now it can be revealed that Mr Mandelson sent a letter to the UK Government giving them advice on how they should approach their diplomatic relations with the country. 
And he warned that the country needs 'encouragement, debt restructuring, and an injection of additional liquidity” just a few months before he met the Zimbabwean government minister to discuss the bail out. 
In the letter to the Parliamentary Secretary of State at the Foreign Office Mr Mandelson also discussed the country's 'corruption.” 
He wrote: 'The most immediate danger is that the supply of cash dollars is drying up and there is a danger of banking failure and a liquidity crisis with consequent impact on the functioning of the whole economy.” 
Mr Mandelson issued a statement to a British newspaper in August about his trip in which he denied he was advising the Zimbabwean government. 
The spokesman said he was there to meet 'representatives of the business community and civil society to encourage them to continue the process of reform”. 
However it can now be revealed he decided to inform the UK civil servants he believes Mr Mugabe is at a point where an 'endgame is underway.” 
The partially redacted Freedom of Information requests do not highlight who Mr Mandelson met but clearly point to 'political factions.” 
He wrote: 'Any discussions of business – or indeed most aspects of life – was inevitably a discussion of politics and the intense speculation and manoeuvring over the succession to President Mugabe is dominating. Armed police surround a protester in Harare, Zimbabwe on Monday, July, 4, 2016. Click to enlarge 
'It is clear that the endgame is underway, and the battle is being vociferously played out in the Zimbabwean press. 
'Less clear is how it will end and who will prevail – and whether it will play out while the president is still alive.” 
Mr Mugabe who is 92 recently appeared in public to open a school, following rumours of his death , and has maintained he will retain his grip on the country until he dies. 
In 2008 Mr Mugabe was stripped of his British Knighthood despite opposition from Mr Mandelson's then Labour colleagues Gordon Brown and Lord Malloch Brown, the Foreign Office Minister. 
Now Mr Mandelson appears to have warned the British government of a 'crisis that threatens to unfold soon” hinting that the international community must 'establish the right incentives for reformers.” 
Mugabe, Africa's oldest leader, has led the former British colony since independence in 1980. 
His critics say he has presided over the destruction of a once-promising country with policies such as the seizures of white-owned farms. 
But Mugabe's ruling Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front party blames foreign powers for sabotaging the economy with sanctions. 
Mugabe's government has experienced increasingly bad cash shortages over the past seven years since abandoning its own currency in a bid to end hyperinflation. 
The Zimbabwean dollar was abandoned after Mugabe ordered 1,000billion Zimbabwean dollar notes to be printed, quickly becoming worthless and black market US dollars taking over before becoming the southern African country's official currency in 2009. 
Much of Zimbabwe's industrial companies have had to close down due to demands white-owned businesses hand over 51 per cent to black Zimbabweans, high taxes and labour laws which make it almost impossible to sack anybody, all under Mr Mugabe's rules. 
The highly controversial eviction of white farmers has meant nearly every supermarket product is imported, unlike 15 years ago when most produce was locally sourced. 
Protests have marred the dictator's leadership this year, with workers across the country taking part in a 'shut down” strike in July – the biggest protests since April 20017 when opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai led anti-Mugabe demonstrations.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on September 16, 2008 
The 'dots' you are not supposed to connect… Affidavit of Richard Tomlinson By wmw_admin on February 14, 2008 
'I firmly believe that there exist documents held by the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) that would yield important new evidence into the cause and circumstances leading to the death of the Princess of Wales.” They Live By wmw_admin on August 19, 2012 
Considered by some as prophetic, many will find eerie echoes of present day concerns in John Carpenters 24-year-old 'They Live'. View the cult classic here The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part I By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Bill Ryan talks to a former City of London insider who participated in a meeting where the elite's plans for depopulation were discussed. The meeting, which took place in 2005, also discussed a planned financial collapse Who Really Murdered Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman? By wmw_admin on February 28, 2015 
Revelations that a US soldier was the killer would have jeopardised public support for the 'War on Terror”. Hence a frame-up was required. A Joe Vialls classic recovered. Back to the Future!!! Part 1 By wmw_admin on May 21, 2007 
Geological evidence points to an cataclysmic event that almost defies comprehension. The problem is that it may just happen again … and soon too. The Oklahoma City Bombing: 30 Unanswered Questions By wmw_admin on July 11, 2003 
Timothy McVeigh may have been tried and executed, but there are still too many unanswered questions about the Oklahoma City Bombing

ARTICLE

By Robert Fisk on October 30, 2016 Robert Fisk — The Independent Oct 29, 2016 Wrecked ambulance in Aleppo. Click to enlarge 
Moonscape. Desert. Blitz. The past 100 years of war have turned all our words into clichés. I rage at every reference to the Second World War – because it's over, because Hitler is dead, because we won and because we shouldn't dig up old graves to frighten future generations. But Beni Zeid is an exception. 
It goes on for square miles and it is total destruction. This was the last great   Syrian army and the Jabhat al-Nusrah fighters (yes, they are the Al-Qaeda of 9/11 infamy, although we have quite put that aside in our coverage of the Syrian war) as the door closed on eastern Aleppo and the siege of its people and defenders began this summer. 
Beni Zeid lies on a hill to the north of the city and its pulverisation is total. The words 'Year Zero” comes to mind when I look at it. Factories, warehouses, streets of laced ruins , crushed apartment blocks, cratered courtyards and roads, and what the Syrians described as a Nusrah explosives factory, destroyed with a massive bomb. Dropped by a Syrian or Russian pilot, we shall never know. But its detonation scattered at least 70 red-painted gas cylinders across the rubble. 
The wreckage of industrial Stalingrad might be appropriate if we are talking in pictorial form, for there can be no repairs here. So crushed is the district of Beni Zeid that the Syrians will have to level these streets with bulldozers and start all over again. But the casualties were few; on 18 July this year, two Syrian army groups attacked this place from the north and west at almost the same time as they crossed the Castello road. 
They lost few men. They took no prisoners. And we all know what that means. 
They left the gas canisters where they were, ignored the craters and the cemeteries of streets and factories, and Beni Zeid became – as these places do in war – part of the front line, in this case   front line around besieged eastern Aleppo. The pain and grief of its surrounded people have now become the latest Sarajevo in our popular history books, although I notice that the equally cruel Israel siege of the Lebanese and Palestinians in Beirut in 1982 is left out when comparisons are made. I wonder why? 
Well, there we were amid this desolation of Beni Zeid when one of us spotted a vehicle that had been jammed by the bomb blast between the foundation walls of a factory perhaps 200 feet from the gas cylinders. The top of its roof could just be seen from the next street and it said 'AMBULANCE” in big letters. In English. 
We turned the corner. The Syrian military had not touched it. No one told us it was there. The bomb that destroyed the 'explosives factory” (primitive though the factory was) had blasted the ambulance into the wreckage. 
It was right-hand drive, so the vehicle was never made for Syrian roads. And it looked, albeit crushed, like an ambulance you might see on the streets of London or Manchester or Glasgow. But the registration plates were missing. 
We overuse the word 'ironic” in war – I admit I used it again this week – but the giant transfer painted on the side of the vehicle, in English, quite took our breath away. 'HAS YOUR HEART DIED ALONG WITH THE CHILDREN?” it asked in capital letters. 
What ghostly hand had plastered this frightening, horribly relevant legend along the side of this ambulance? I climbed in the driver's cab. I clambered up the shattered ladder through the back. There was no sign of blood. 
But everything was in English. Fasten your seat belt. Even 'DRINK OR DRIVE: YOU DECIDE” – which was not a question you need ask of the people of eastern Aleppo, since Nusrah and their 15 or so allied groupuscules (the figure is anyway contentious) are unlikely to encourage the pitiful civilians in their sector to touch alcohol. There were pieces of door frame and mudguards in the cab, but then on the right side of the wall of the ambulance was clear proof of this vehicle's origin. 
This is what was printed in capitals in red ink: 'THE SCOTTISH AMBULANCE SERVICE WILL FULLY SUPPORT THE PROCURATOR FISCAL AND POLICE IN THE PROSECUTION OF THOSE WHO ASSAULT THEIR STAFF…AMBULANCE STAFF HAVE THE RIGHT TO GO ABOUT THEIR DUTIES WITHOUT FEAR OF ATTACK…” 
Well, of course, whoever was going about their duties in this Scottish ambulance was very much attacked in Aleppo. As for assault or fear, there was plenty of that around Beni Zeid. There was rifle fire across this wasteland as we prowled through the ambulance and a big shell came crashing into the ruins a few hundred metres away as we inspected the vehicle and its contents. 
So we should perhaps help the Scottish authorities – let alone the procurator general – to solve the mystery of this ambulance. On the steering column was the code: 'A 9014600104” (the first 4 was slightly scratched and might have been a '6”). 
There was a lens in the cab marked 'CAMERA OXYGEN” which carried the code 'BS. EN 737-1: 1988. MFD [manufactured] 02/2006. B/no 18192”. There was an 'in/out” switch (perhaps for the rear doors), manufactured by 'Linax' in Denmark, the item coded 'HB41000-00012” and marked 'DATE: 05.11.22 [sic] IP 65”. 
The maker's code was 'O.C. 096451-0057”. And for what it's worth, the back of the driver's mirror – if that is what it was – carried the 'vehicle identity no” as 'E367 44-3-5068 210 EG” and then 'wv1zzz2D 2L z 6H014667, TYPE 2DF 292”. 
But enough codes. This is a detective story, not a crime story. Many an ambulance was donated to Syria by foreigners at the start of its terrible war, always to opponents of the regime or the civilians in areas under their control. A sign in English on the cab of the vehicle read: 'EID IN SYRIA” and the last Muslim Eid feast came after the destruction of Beni Zeid and the ambulance. So the vehicle could have been in Syria for more than a year. 
Was it sent in by NGOS from Britain? Was it brought in – yes, the thought struck me – by one of those selfless men and women who tried to help the people of Syria before Nusrah and its ghastly on-again-off-again ally Isis came into existence, and who then fell into the fatal hands of the very same Isis murderers? Was it used by the people of eastern Aleppo and the surrounding countryside and then later seized by Nusrah for its own use? There was no sign that it had been carrying weapons – and Nusrah, after all, has its own wounded. There are Syrian army ambulances aplenty in western Aleppo – and its wounded militia opponents are as worthy of medical help as any soldier once they are ' hors de combat ”, even in a civil war. 
So, until the Scottish Ambulance Service tells us to whom it gave (or sold) their ambulance – the procurator fiscal might find this out for us, although his writ does not run quite as far as Beni Zeid – this vehicle, built to save lives, will remain an unidentified skeleton amid the ruins of a Syrian bomb site. But the legend on its side remains to haunt us all. 
Has your heart died along with the children? In this place, I fear the answer.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 30, 2016 Finian Cunningham — Strategic Culture Oct 29, 2016 
The Western media storm has suddenly quietened. For several months, there has been a howling campaign orchestrated by Western governments to discredit the anti-terror operations carried out by the Syrian army and its Russian ally to retake the crucial battleground city of Aleppo. 
Western leaders, amplified by dutiful media outlets, have been relentlessly accusing Russia of war crimes and threatening to launch prosecutions at the International Criminal Court in the Hague. Dubious images and claims of children suffering in Aleppo, allegedly from Syrian and Russian air strikes, were broadcast like a blizzard. Western news presenters were breaking down in tears. Politicians were continually interviewed with stoney faces issuing sanctimonious condemnations. 
Remarkably, this week the emotive Western media onslaught over Aleppo has abated. What's going on? How can such apparent concern about humanitarian conditions suddenly cease? The evident switch-like attention suggests that the seeming Western outcry was a psychological operation from the outset. 
Syrian and Russian forces had consistently rejected Western claims of indiscriminate bombing against civilians in Aleppo. They countered that it was their legal right to vanquish illegally armed insurgents holding the eastern part of the strategic city under a reign of terror since 2012. 
Russia's initiative of implementing a three-day ceasefire in east Aleppo last week proved several points. 
Firstly, the besieging militants once again, as with the earlier failed ceasefire called by US secretary of state John Kerry and Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov, refused to separate into so-called «moderate rebels» and the known terror groups of Jabhat al Nusra. That failure to dissociate proved that the Western narrative of «good rebels and bad rebels» is bogus. Whereas Russia's assessment of the violence being waged by a proxy army of amalgamated extremists going by myriad, chimerical names is vindicated. That means that all anti-government militants are legitimate targets for elimination if they do not surrender. 
When Syrian and Russian operations resume to finally take all of Aleppo, then any further Western objections and protests are undermined by the recent debacles of truces being repudiated by the militants of all stripes. 
Secondly, the truce and UN aid efforts last week in Aleppo were again constantly violated, unilaterally, by the militants, who fired and shelled at six humanitarian corridors established by the Syrian and Russian authorities. Although one group of nearly 50 civilians managed to escape from east Aleppo and were taken into care – recounting experiences of being held as human shields and living under a reign of terror for the past four years – the majority of the residents were evidently prevented by their terrorist captors from availing of the humanitarian access. There were reports of an Imam being executed by the militants in east Aleppo for daring to instruct some civilians to break out of the besieged city quarter. There were also other reports of the insurgents stealing food aid from starving residents. In desperate phone calls, besieged people were even calling for the Syrian army and Russian forces to redouble their military operations to liberate the city. 
Taken together, it would seem untenable for the Western media to maintain the narrative that Syrian and Russian military are somehow brutally pounding a noble rebel resistance and massacring civilians. That narrative just doesn't hold water if a cursory admission of factual circumstances is permitted. 
It seems significant that the Western media hysteria over Aleppo tamped down just as reports emerged of the White House backing away from a contemplated increased military intervention in Syria. 
On Monday this week the Washington Post headlined : «White House skepticism stalls plan to boost CIA-backed rebels in Syria». 
The newspaper added: «Officials said there are growing doubts about what the fighters can achieve because of Russia's intervention, and President Obama now seems inclined to leave the fate of the CIA program, which has been the centerpiece of US strategy, up to the next occupant of the White House.» 
A quick aside here is to note the explicit admission that CIA support for «rebels» has been a centerpiece of US strategy. Given that the recent truces facilitated by Russia have demonstrated beyond doubt that there is no practical distinction between militants, the Washington Post is in effect acknowledging that CIA support for terrorists, not «rebels», has been central to US policy in Syria. 
Anyway, the more important point here is that the Obama administration appears to be throwing in the towel on exercising a military option in Syria. Recall that for the past several months, there were frequent Washington mutterings of a «Plan B» involving military intervention, if diplomatic wrangling with Russia over regime change in Syria came to naught. 
When the Kerry-Lavrov ceasefire broke down last month due to Western-backed terrorists breaching the accord and due to the massacre by the American air force of Syrian troops at Deir ez-Zor on September 17, the Syrian and Russian military resumed operations with greater intensity on September 22. John Kerry immediately went into a huff and broke off bilateral relations with Moscow. Washington began dropping menacing hints that it was exploring «non-diplomatic options» – meaning supplying more anti-aircraft missiles and other weapons to the terrorists via the Gulf Arab client regimes. 
However, the Washington Post is now reporting that Obama's National Security Council has rebuffed the putative military options, knowing that the repercussions of a full-scale   US and Russia would be a high risk. In other words, it was all a bluff, and Moscow called Washington's bluff. 
What might have sealed the matter were reports last week of Russia's Northern Fleet on its way to the Mediterranean Sea to station off the Syrian coast. The fleet includes the nuclear-powered Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier, as well as seven other vessels. 
Voice of America headlined : «Russia's navy deployed to Syria in show of force». It added that it was Russia's largest naval mission since the end of the Cold War in 1991, involving destroyers and anti-submarine ships. 
Among the Russian flotilla currently off Syria are three missile ships despatched separately from the Black Sea base at Sevastopol on the Crimean Peninsula. Those vessels are equipped with air defense and anti-ship cruise missiles. The array of firepower is a blunt message to the US and its NATO allies that Russia is not going to desist from its Syrian strategy. 
Russia has evidently set an unwavering course on Syria. That is, to ensure that   of President Bashar al Assad remains in power as the legitimate sovereign authority as mandated by the people of Syria; and to ensure that the US-led covert war for regime change is brought now to a swift, definitive end. Taking the final terrorist redoubt in east Aleppo is crucial to finishing this nearly six-year war that has cost half a million lives and up to 10 million refugees – nearly half the nation. 
The Western sponsors of this dirty war to topple Assad – a longtime Russian and Iranian ally – appeared to make a last-ditch effort to thwart the Russian objective. The combined massive psychological operation mounted in the West involved media demonization and criminalization of Russia's military intervention, in addition to reckless latent threats from Washington of an escalation in its own intervention, even to the point of precipitating a full-scale war with Russia. 
Russia's formidable naval power dispatched to the Mediterranean is an eloquent statement by Moscow that it is not going to be intimidated by Western psychological posturing either over alleged war crimes or a military confrontation. 
Not only that but the assembled fire power now at Russia's disposal off Syria and the ongoing strategic advances by the Syrian army on the ground around eastern Aleppo indicate that the war over Syria is possibly entering a final, victorious chapter. 
And it looks like the Obama administration knows it has no other choice but to throw in the towel. 
A successor Clinton administration may well try to revive the regime-change scheme. Hillary Clinton certainly has warmongering advocates aplenty in the Pentagon and the CIA – but that contingency would not be for at least three or four more months until she becomes inaugurated in mid-January. 
We can therefore expect in the coming weeks that Russia and its Syrian ally will ramp up military operations to bring this war to an end.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 30, 2016 Introduction — Oct 30, 2016 It begins to look like Americans don't have a real choice in the presidential election. On the one hand Hillary Clinton seems ready to adopt a much more aggressive stance with Russia, which could well escalate into open military conflict between the two powers. While on the other hand Donald Trump has pledged to scrap the nuclear accord reached with Tehran and to stand up to Israel's enemies, 'like Iran”. In other words Trump seems ready to adopt the same belligerent stance over Iran as the Bush administration. Such a policy could easily escalate into military conflict and given Tehran's growing ties to Moscow that could also lead to military conflict with Russia too. So the choice faced by American voters boils down to six of one, or half-a-dozen of the other. Both candidates have outlined foreign policies that could inevitably lead to war with Russia. It's just that Clinton has chosen a more direct path while Trump has opted for a more roundabout route. Either way American voters seem to have little REAL choice in the matter. Ed. Trump to Israelis: together we'll stand up to Iran The Jewish Press.com — Oct 27, 2016 
A taped one-minute address by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, screened at an election rally organized by Republicans Overseas Israel in Jerusalem Wednesday, left no room for doubt: should he be elected, Trump would be the biggest friend Israel has ever had — huge. 
'My administration will stand side by side with the Jewish people and Israel's leaders to continue strengthening the bridges that connect not only Jewish Americans and Israelis but also all Americans and Israelis,” Trump told the 200 or so in attendance at the event and the few dozens watching the rally live on Facebook. 'Together, we will stand up to enemies like Iran bent on destroying Israel and her people. Together, we will make America and Israel safe again.” 
It was a small crowd, admittedly, but the folks, many in Trump T-shirts and 'Make America Great Again” baseball caps, made up for their number with enthusiasm, booing and crying 'Lock her up” each time the name Hillary Clinton was mentioned. 
'I love Israel and honor and respect the Jewish faith and tradition,” Trump told his Israeli-American voters. 'For me, respect and reverence for Judaism is personal. My daughter Ivanka and my son-in-law Jared are raising their children in the Jewish faith.” 
Trump's VP, Gov. Mike Pence, told the Jerusalem rally: 'Israel's fight is our fight, Israel's cause is our cause,” noting that Israel is 'not just our strongest ally in the Middle East, it is our most cherished ally in the world.” Also, Pence said, Israel is 'hated by too many progressives, because she is successful and her people are free,” and so, 'Let the word go forth that Donald Trump and I are proud to stand with Israel.” 
Local speakers included Caroline Glick, Trump's adviser on Israel David Friedman, and David Peyman, Trump's head of Jewish outreach, who told the gathering that he had delivered a note from Trump to God at the Kotel. Friedman promised that 'a Trump administration will never pressure Israel into a two-state solution or any other solution that is against the will of the Israeli people.” Friedman warned against the seductive messages Trump's opponent had given the AIPAC conference in March, saying 'Hillary Clinton's words are the cheapest currency on the political marker.” 
According to media reports over the summer, Friedman and Trump's other adviser on Israel, Jason Greenblatt, suggested the candidate stop elaborating on his vision of two states for two peoples living peacefully side by side. This after Trump had told Maggie Haberman and David E. Sanger of the NY Times in March: 'Basically I support a two-state solution on Israel. But the Palestinian Authority has to recognize Israel's right to exist as a Jewish state. Have to do that. And they have to stop the terror, stop the attacks, stop the teaching of hatred, you know? The children, I sort of talked about it pretty much in the speech, but the children are aspiring to grow up to be terrorists. They are taught to grow up to be terrorists. And they have to stop. They have to stop the terror. They have to stop the stabbings and all of the things going on. And they have to recognize that Israel's right to exist as a Jewish state. … And if they can't, you're never going to make a deal. One state, two states, it doesn't matter: you're never going to be able to make a deal.” 
Trump concluded: 'Now whether or not the Palestinians can live with that? You would think they could. It shouldn't be hard except that the ingrained hatred is tremendous.”

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 31, 2016 Regina F. Graham — Daily Mail.com Oct 30, 2016 James Kallstrom, former FBI assistant director 
A former FBI official described the Clintons as a 'crime family' days after the bureau reopened its investigation into Hillary's personal email server. 
James Kallstrom, the former assistant director of the FBI, spoke out against the Clinton family on Sunday in a radio interview with host and Greek-American billionaire businessman John Catsimatidis on 'The Cats Roundtable'. 
'The Clintons, that's a crime family. It's like organized crime, basically. The Clinton Foundation is a cesspool,' Kallstrom said. 
'It's just outrageous how Hillary Clinton sold her office for money 
'And she's a pathological liar, and she's always been a liar. And God forbid if we put someone like that in the White House.' 
Kallstrom, who is best known for leading the investigation into the explosion of TWA flight 800 in the late 1990s, also went after the FBI in the interview and said the initial investigation into the email server was 'never a real investigation.' 
'They never had grand jury empaneled. And the reason … was that Loretta Lynch would not go along with that,' Kallstrom said. 
'So this investigation was without the ability to serve subpoenas, serve search warrants, and obtain the evidence that they ended up begging for. It was just ludicrous what went on.' 
He added that the FBI 'left so much stuff on the table'. 
Kallstrom did defend the agents who were tasked with investigating Clinton. 
'This is not the FBI agents who's to blame for this fiasco going on. This is the leadership. This is Jim Comey … The agents are furious with what's going on. I know that for a fact,' he said. 
Kallstrom praised Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump as a 'good human being' and a 'patriot'.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 31, 2016 Ed Klein — DailyMail.com Oct 30, 2016 
New York Times bestselling author Ed Klein has just published his fourth book about the Clintons since 2005, Guilty as Sin. 
Klein had told how Bill Clinton enjoyed foot rubs, massages and romps in his presidential library with female interns and has described new details about Hillary's medical crises. Guilty as Sin is available in bookstores and for order from Amazon. 
James Comey's decision to revive the investigation of Hillary Clinton's email server and her handling of classified material came after he could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI, including some of his top deputies, according to a source close to the embattled FBI director. 
'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
'Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom 
'He's been ignoring the resignation letters in the hope that he could find a way of remedying the situation,' said the source. 
'When new emails that appeared to be related to Hillary's personal email server turned up in a computer used [her close aide] Huma Abedin and [Abedin's disgraced husband,] Anthony Weiner, Comey jumped at the excuse to reopen the investigation. 
'The people he trusts the most have been the angriest at him,' the source continued. 'And that includes his wife, Pat. She kept urging him to admit that he had been wrong when he refused to press charges against the former secretary of state. 
'He talks about the damage that he's done to himself and the institution [of the FBI], and how he's been shunned by the men and women who he admires and work for him. It's taken a tremendous toll on him. 
'It shattered his ego. He looks like he's aged 10 years in the past four months.' 
But Comey's decision to reopen the case was more than an effort to heal the wound he inflicted on the FBI. 
He was also worried that after the presidential election, Republicans in Congress would mount a probe of how he had granted Hillary political favoritism. 
His announcement about the revived investigation, which came just 11 days before the presidential election, was greeted with shock and dismay by Attorney General Loretta Lynch and the prosecutors at the Justice Department. 
'Jim told me that Lynch and Obama are furious with him,' the source said. 
As I revealed in my latest New York Times bestseller Guilty As Sin Obama said that appointing Comey as FBI direct was 'my worst mistake as president.' 
'Lynch and Obama haven't contacted Jim directly,' said the source, 'but they've made it crystal clear through third parties that they disapprove of his effort to save face.'

ARTICLE

By Robert Fisk on October 31, 2016 Robert Fisk — The Independent Oct 30, 2016 People walk past damaged buildings in the opposition-held Tariq al-Bab neighbourhood of Aleppo, Syria, October 5, 2016. Click to enlarge 
It was the rain that should have told us. High-altitude jets had flown over Aleppo the previous evening and, just occasionally, we heard their bombs exploding, far away in the countryside beyond the city. Then a soft, warm shower drifted over the ruins downtown and coated the streets and apartment blocks of western Aleppo with drizzle, and there was – for this city, at least – a strange silence. Dawn brought a brown, overcast sky through which no Russian or Syrian pilots could see the ground unless they chose to fly at low level through the downpour, which they never do. 
And that was when the bombardment of western Aleppo began. The mortars and shells broke across the city in a steady and growing rumble of sound that left only one question in our minds. Amid the ruins of eastern Aleppo, with its tens of thousands of trapped civilians, where on earth did its few thousand largely Islamist fighters, get all this ammunition? Syrian army long-range artillery, high on the hill behind the old Meridien hotel, banged away at the eastern horizon where smudges of grey smoke began to curl into the dun-coloured sky. 
It was not quite the storm of steel that the media – many in far-away Beirut – would have the world believe. The battle for divided Aleppo has been fought for too long and its people besieged and then rebesieged – in both east and west – that the front lines have congealed into the square miles of dust and ruins that are now almost impassable. You might join the chorus of exaggeration about Srebrenica or Grozny, but Stalingrad this is not. 
Yet it shook both the civilians and the regime in the west of the city. Just after breakfast, as I was gazing eastwards through the rain towards the ancient citadel, there was a sudden clap of sound as a shell bashed into the governor's modern office block. I saw bits of the side of the building flying into the air. The Aleppo governor, whose residence is itself sealed off by anti-car-bomb concrete barricades, was safe in Damascus where he was meeting Bashar al-Assad and other regional leaders. Others were not so fortunate. 
By midday, Syrian radio was announcing seven dead – a little, almost insignificant figure when you remember the new graves in the packed cemeteries of this place – but the bombardment had a dramatic effect in the streets. The loudspeaker on the minaret of a mosque scarcely 100 yards away clicked – the electrical 'click” and hiss of the sound system is the prelude to every supercharged prayer across the Middle East – and a voice shouted: 'They are attacking. They are attacking. They are coming from the north, from Zahra, from Bin Yamin and towards al-Hamadaniyeh.” 
And this was the first indication anyone in the streets was given that the incoming fire was not only arriving from eastern Aleppo but from south-west of the city, from the fields and ruined factories and broken sewage farms where Nusra and some of its Islamist allies still hold territory that snakes all the way north to the Turkish frontier – from which weapons regularly arrive to increase this feast of violence. 
Wars inspire their own Hollywood version of reality and, in a darkened Ba'ath party headquarters with the rumble of explosions outside, I was to hear another rumour of war that will surely acquire its own mystique in the days to come. American planes had been seen dropping arms supplies into eastern Aleppo, Syrian jets had warned them off but some parachutes had been seen. 'I think there is a video,” an otherwise extremely rational and intelligent official added. 
There was, of course, no video – there never is – nor are Syrian MiGs in any position to challenge US air power. Washington is not going to provoke Russia by sending its fighter-bombers from Turkey over Aleppo. Besides, given the American propensity for inaccuracy, any parachutes would surely have missed their target. 
Source Comment — Oct 31, 2016 Robert Fisk's dismissal of claims that the U.S. was dropping arms supplies into eastern Aleppo calls into question his objectivity as a journalist. For we know from earlier reports that the U.S. and its allies are alleged to have supplied Syrian 'opposition fighters” by parachute drops . For example last October Reuters was reporting that the U.S. was airdropping supplies to 'Syrian rebels” in northern Syria. More recent reports allege that the U.S. was 'considering arming” CIA backed fighters with anti-aircraft weapons. So why is Robert Fisk so quick to dismiss these claims without investigating them?

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 31, 2016 Sanchez Manning — Daily Mail Oct 29, 2016 
The BBC has been accused of acting recklessly after targeting children as young as six with a programme about a schoolboy who takes sex-change drugs. 
Parents are angry that the show, available on the CBBC website, features a transgender storyline inappropriate for their children. 
And concerned campaigners said it could 'sow the seeds of confusion' in young minds. The programme, Just A Girl, depicts an 11-year-old's struggle to get hormones that stunt puberty, making it easier to have sex-change surgery in the future. 
One mother, writing on the Mumsnet website, said her daughter had become worried after seeing the video. She said her girl, who likes wearing boys' clothes and playing football, had 'asked me, anxiously, if that means she was a boy'. 
Tory MP Peter Bone said: 'It beggars belief that the BBC is making this programme freely available to children as young as six. I entirely share the anger of parents who just want to let children be children. 
'It is completely inappropriate for such material to be on the CBBC website and I shall be writing to BBC bosses to demand they take it down as soon as possible.' 
Former Culture Secretary Maria Miller voiced her concerns over the BBC tackling the subject in 'an age-appropriate way', saying such issues should be raised 'where children can have support from parents'. 
And Tory MP Julian Brazier said: 'This programme is very disappointing and inappropriate. Children are very impressionable and this is going to confuse and worry them.' 
Family campaigner Norman Wells said: 'It is irresponsible of the BBC to introduce impressionable children as young as six to the idea that they can choose to be something other than their biological sex.' 
Just A Girl is the fictional video diary of a child who calls herself 'Amy' and dresses as a girl. It is hosted on the CBBC website, aimed at children aged between six and 12. 
In the half-hour programme, Amy – played by an actress – reveals she was born a boy called Ben but has already started using puberty-halting drugs. 
Such hypothalamic blockers provoked a furore two years ago when The Mail on Sunday revealed an NHS clinic was willing to give them to children as young as nine. 
Critics cited research claiming that most teenagers confused about their gender never go through with surgery, with many realising they are gay. The BBC row comes amid growing controversy over gender issues, fuelled by a number of high-profile cases. In one, a Christian couple were threatened with having their 14-year-old daughter taken away because they oppose her plans to become a boy. 
In another, a seven-year-old boy was ordered to be removed from his mother's care as 'she was raising him as female', causing him 'a great deal of emotional harm'. 
In Just A Girl, Amy says: 'When I was born, Mum said Dad was so pleased that he had a boy to take to the football. But Mum knew I was different. She realised early on that I was born in the wrong body.' 
She adds: 'My Mum supported me when I did a PowerPoint presentation to my class about transitioning and that I wasn't going to come to school in boys' clothes any more, but girls' clothes. I wasn't Ben, I was Amy.' 
Later Amy is shown telling a friend, Josh – a boy who wants to be recognised as a girl – that she is on hormone blockers, saying it took 'ages' to get them after 'loads of tests and talks at the clinic'. 'Once they realised I was trans for real, [I] got them,' she says. In another entry, Amy tells viewers she has developed a crush on a boy called Liam, but confides: 'Liam thinks I'm just a girl, but I'm not. I'm trans. And what's he going to say if he finds out? Stop being my friend? Why? I'm still me, aren't I?' 
Child psychotherapist Dr Dilys Daws said the programme could confuse children. She said that, while it was natural for youngsters to wonder what it would be like to be the opposite sex, the BBC was irresponsible to feature the 'extreme' step of gender change for six-year-olds because they were too young to grapple with such issues. 
The programme generated hundreds of comments on Mumsnet. 
One mother, who said her seven-year-old had watched the show, asked: 'Am I being unreasonable to think this is an inappropriate topic for a young age group?' 
Another replied: 'Don't think this is remotely suitable for a seven-year-old. To start suggesting that children can be transgender when they're far too young to actually have a gender is reckless and damaging. A small boy who is told that he can become a girl may take this as meaning that sex changes are possible, that sometime in the future he'll wake up with a girl's body.' 
Another user added: 'I don't think hormone therapy should be normalised any more than 12-year-olds drinking or doing recreational drugs should be normalised.' 
Other critics slammed the BBC. Mr Wells, director of the Family Education Trust, said: 'The more we promote the idea that a boy can be born into a girl's body and a girl can be born into a boy's body, and that drugs and surgery can put things right, the more children will become utterly confused. Respecting and preserving a child's birth sex should be seen as a child protection issue.' 
But some parents on Mumsnet were more positive. One wrote: 'I don't believe there is 'too young” for stuff like this. The earlier you teach your children that everyone is different and that nobody is 'normal” the better.' 
Dr Polly Carmichael, a clinical psychologist specialising in transgender children, said: 'Raising awareness of these issues is the best way to challenge stigma and discrimination associated with identity issues. Programmes like Just A Girl can contribute to a healthy and informed public discussion.' 
The BBC said: 'Just A Girl is about a fictional transgender character trying to make sense of the world, deal with bullying and work out how to keep her friends, which are universal themes that many children relate to, and which has had a positive response from our audience. 
'CBBC aims to reflect true life, providing content that mirrors the lives of as many UK children as possible.'

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Election Mirrors War between Masonic Factions Essential Reading Bloody Bill Clinton – American Caligula By wmw_admin on September 1, 2006 
The real legacy of Clinton's term of office: the chilling body count of those connected with him, who died in unusual or suspicious circumstances Hellstorm – Exposing The Real Genocide of Nazi Germany (Full Documentary) By wmw_admin on May 10, 2015 
What happened in the aftermath of World War II has been one of the darkest and best kept secrets in world history. Letter from James Abourezk, former US Senator from South Dakota to Jeff Blankfort on the Israel Lobby By wmw_admin on December 8, 2006 
More than being an insider's confirmation of the power of the pro-Israel lobby over Congress, the former US Senator's letter also calls into question Noam Chomsky's increasingly suspect looking motives Adam Weishaupt By wmw_admin on June 29, 2005 
The founding of the Illuminati and one of the key players behind the genesis of the New World Order This Will Shock You To The Core: 9/11 from Cheney to Mossad By wmw_admin on September 13, 2015 
Rebekah Roth has uncovered new 'bombshell” evidence relating to Dick Cheney, Israeli art students, Mossad bomb experts and 9/11 Dov Zakheim 9/11 Mastermind Video By wmw_admin on May 15, 2010 
Using legal injunctions, Dov Zakheim's lawyers forced this website to remove an article we posted with the same title; which tells us he may have something to hide. Seems like others also think so as this video indicates. Watch it while you still can An oldie White Zimbabwean has her say By wmw_admin on January 7, 2009 
A human story from the hellhole Zimbabwe has become – with the West's acquiescence of course. For although Western leaders may criticise him publicly, they opened the way for Mugabe's ascent to power, just as they did with Saddam

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on October 31, 2016 Zero Hedge — via Russia Insider Oct 28, 2016 
In our previous article The Secret Truth about Russia Exposed, we elaborated on how Russia is a convenient enemy for politicians and specifically the Democratic party, to create an enemy that really , well – doesn't exist to distract and confuse voters. But like with any 'enemy' if you bomb a village, you may have some pissed off villagers. As we explain in our best selling book Splitting Pennies – the world doesn't work the way you see on TV – in fact, it works more closely as seen on Zero Hedge. 
Although Russia simply is just a country in the wrong place at the wrong time (which, throughout Russian history, seems to be a theme for them) – there really is a reason the Elite hate Russia. It's not because they're Xenophobic, although there's that too – it's because of several key factors that make Russia a unique power in the world, compared to similar countries. Russia is an independent country. It's not possible to manipulate Russia via external remote control, like it is most countries. The Elite don't like that! Russia kicked out Soros 'Open Society” : 
Russia has banned a pro-democracy charity founded by hedge fund billionaire George Soros, saying the organization posed a threat to both state security and the Russian constitution. In a statement released Monday morning, Russia's General Prosecutor's Office said two branches of Soros' charity network — the Open Society Foundations (OSF) and the Open Society Institute (OSI) — would be placed on a 'stop list” of foreign non-governmental organizations whose activities have been deemed 'undesirable” by the Russian state. Russia is not easy to cripple via clandestine means, whether it be CIA, MI6, or outright military conflict. Some other BRICs however, that's not the case. Say what you will about Russia's military – it's on par and in many cases, advanced, compared to the US military. And that's not AN opinion, that's in the opinion of top US military commanders: 
Late in September, we brought you ' US Readies Battle Plans For Baltic War With Russia ” in which we described a series of thought experiments undertaken by The Pentagon in an effort to determine what the likely outcome would be should something go horribly 'wrong” on the way to landing the US in a shooting war with Russia in the Balkans. 
The results of those thought experiments were not encouraging. As a reminder, here's how Foreign Policy summed up the exercises: Russian culture, and language, is too complex for the average 'Elite” who pretends to be internationally well versed because they had a few semesters of French. For example, when the diplomat Clinton was Secretary of State, she presented a reset button translating the opposite meaning… ooops . 
'I would like to present you with a little gift that represents what President Obama and Vice President Biden and I have been saying and that is: 'We want to reset our relationship, and so we will do it together.'… 
'We worked hard to get the right Russian word. Do you think we got it?” she asked Lavrov, laughing. 'You got it wrong,” said Lavrov, as both diplomats laughed. 
'It should be 'perezagruzka” [the Russian word for reset],” said Lavrov.”This says 'peregruzka,' which means 'overcharged.'” 
Yes, it's almost a certainty that if Clinton by some horrible fate is President there will be Nuclear war. Wars have been started over much more subtle mistakes. One would think, that Clinton would have had an advisor CHECK THIS before presenting it in a public ceremony, in front of reporters? How much more blatantly unprofessional can one be? If politicians worked in the private sector, they wouldn't last a day! How do these people advance so far in politics? Plain and simple, the Elite do not control Russia. While there are backchannels of Russian oligarchs that work directly with Western Rothschild interests, for example, they simply don't have the same level of control as they do European countries, like Germany for instance. Or another good example is China, there's this fanatical talk that China can dump US Treasuries blah blah blah the fact is that China is completely dependent on USA and US Dollars, and will be for the rest of our lives. Maybe in 1000 years in the Dong Dynasty still to come they will rule the world but it's not going to happen anytime soon. 
Russia is one of the most highly misunderstood cultures in the West. Which is strange, because Russia is more like America than any European country: Both Russia and America share huge landmasses with large undeveloped territory Both Russia and America are predominantly white christian majorities (although in last decades, America tries to be more of a melting pot whereas Russia favors ethnic cleansing) Both Russia and America fought against Hitler and the Nazis during World War 2, the defining event of the last 60 years 
There have been numerous interesting situations where Russia helped America and America helped Russia on a number of levels, to learn more about it checkout the following books: 
Wall Street and the Bolshevik Revolution . Armand Hammer: The Untold Story 
Most interestingly, during the Nixon administration Kissinger was prodding Nixon to partner with Russia that would, in Kissinger's view would create an unstoppable alliance, that no one could compete with such a superpower axis. But, it didn't happen, as there were 'neo-cons' who were against it, mostly Polish Catholics who have some deep genetic fear of any culture using the Cyrillic alphabet. 
Nixon instead chose China (what a mistake!) and created Forex. But the point being that, through a small slip of fate, 'China” may have been in this alternative Kissinger reality the 'Great Evil Enemy' hacking our elections, as we drive across the Alaskan-Siberian highway without any speed limit, oil would be ten cents a gallon, and we wouldn't need to war with the Middle East.

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / October Boomerang The 9/11 Solution: The Big Clue Everyone Missed By wmw_admin on July 21, 2008 
Google removed this video but a reader sent in a copy. Watch how the media carefully manipulates coverage of the events of 9/11, as they interview 'experts' who provide the cover story that has gone to make up the standard govt/media version of 9/11 The Lady, The Queen and what it really means By wmw_admin on December 28, 2009 
Every picture tells a story and with some photos and a few words Paul Powers shows us what was hidden in the background when Queen Elizabeth II met pop sensation Lady Gaga Dov Zakheim and the 9/11 Conspiracy By wmw_admin on April 23, 2010 
Our web hosts were threatened with legal action after lawyers representing none other than Dov Zakheim himself claimed this article was 'defamatory.” Due to an oversight the article was not fully removed so read it before Zakheim gets us shut down Letter from James Abourezk, former US Senator from South Dakota to Jeff Blankfort on the Israel Lobby By wmw_admin on December 8, 2006 
More than being an insider's confirmation of the power of the pro-Israel lobby over Congress, the former US Senator's letter also calls into question Noam Chomsky's increasingly suspect looking motives Bilderberg Meeting – Media Should Be Ashamed By wmw_admin on July 12, 2003 
Why do the Bilderberg meetings receive so little coverage. Victor Thorn examines why, and how, real news is suppressed by the mainstream media 'WIPED OFF THE MAP”– The Rumor of the Century By wmw_admin on January 21, 2008 
How President Ahmadinejad's words were mistranslated and deliberately distorted. So that the term 'wiped off the map” has now become synonymous with the Iranian leader's attitude to Israel – even though he never uttered those words The Advent of the Anti-Christ By Rixon Stewart on August 2, 2010 
A few words on the market meltdown and how it may assist the debut of a truly sinister figure The Marijuana Trick By wmw_admin on November 17, 2005 
Doug Yurchey looks at the history of Hemp and the real reason why it is now illegal. As with so many other things, we've been sold a lie to maximise the profits of a few Have You Read the Talmud Lately? By wmw_admin on September 3, 2006 
The Talmud expounds some of the most virulent racism, as these extracts plainly show. However, as a reader points out not all Jews are influenced by it, or even read it. Only the ultra religious study it, the rest haven't a clue. We leave you to decide

ARTICLE

By Lasha Darkmoon on November 1, 2016 Tom Leonard — Darkmoon.me Oct 31, 2016 with pictures, captions, and comments by Lasha Darkmoon Hillary Clin­ton faced an up­set in her run for the White House two days ago af­ter the FBI an­nounced a fresh probe into her emails. In­ves­ti­ga­tors will examine new mes­sages to see whether she sent clas­si­fied in­for­ma­tion on a private server. Just ten days be­fore Amer­i­cans go to the polls, the Demo­crat candidate's bid to be­come the first woman US pres­i­dent may be de­railed if it is de­cided she should face crim­i­nal charges. 'I AM INNOCENT!' Recent Polls sug­gest Mrs Clinton will trounce Repub­li­can ri­val Don­ald Trump, who has been strug­gling to fight al­le­ga­tions about grop­ing women. But Mrs Clin­ton will now be forced on the de­fen­sive her­self in the fi­nal days of their vi­cious elec­tion bat­tle. LD : The latest news is that Hillary's 12-point lead has been ' wiped out ” within the last 24 hours, with Hillary now just one point ahead of Trump. This could of course change at any moment, with rapid fluctuations, depending on the volatility of the situation. FBI di­rec­tor James Comey had rec­om­mended ear­lier this year that the Department of Jus­tice not press charges over emails sent by Mrs Clin­ton when she was sec­re­tary of state un­der Barack Obama. But he said 're­cent de­vel­op­ments' had prompted him to take an­other look. The agency has ob­tained new emails from an un­re­lated case that 'ap­pear per­ti­nent' to the in­ves­ti­ga­tion, said Mr Comey. A ju­bi­lant Mr Trump hailed the dra­matic de­vel­op­ment of a re-opened investigation as 'big­ger than Water­gate', a ref­er­ence to the cor­rup­tion scan­dal that brought down Richard Nixon. 'Bigger than Watergate' The con­tro­versy has weighed heav­ily on the cam­paign, chal­leng­ing Mrs Clinton's key con­tention that – un­like her opponent – she would be a safe pair of hands in the White House. Mr Comey an­nounced in July that the FBI's 12-month investigation into Mrs Clinton's con­tro­ver­sial email traf­fic while secretary of state was over. She was crit­i­cised for us­ing a pri­vate email server rather than the of­fi­cial system to trans­mit clas­si­fied in­for­ma­tion, but escaped prose­cu­tion. In a harshly-worded crit­i­cism of her 'ex­treme care­less­ness' and 'gross negligence', Mr Comey said it was pos­si­ble that hos­tile for­eign govern­ments had gained ac­cess to her poorly-pro­tected ac­count. He also flatly con­tra­dicted var­i­ous Clinton claims al­though – in ex­plain­ing why he had not rec­om­mended pros­e­cut­ing her – he ac­cepted there was no evidence she had in­ten­tion­ally jeop­ar­dised state se­crets. The scan­dal has been bran­dished by Repub­li­cans as ev­i­dence of Mrs Clin­ton's dis­hon­esty and in­com­pe­tence. Mr Comey informed Congress by let­ter that his agency had ob­tained new emails. They will be re­viewed to see if they are sig­nif­i­cant and if new ac­tion against Mrs Clin­ton is re­quired. Mr Comey did not give a time­frame for how long this in­ves­ti­ga­tion will take. The orig­i­nal FBI probe found that of 30,000 emails Mrs Clin­ton handed over to the State Depart­ment, 110 con­tained in­for­ma­tion that was clas­si­fied at the time she sent or re­ceived them. How­ever, an­other 33,000 emails went miss­ing. They were pre­sumed to have been per­ma­nently deleted but newly re­leased FBI notes sug­gested they still ex­ist in sev­eral locations and could be re­cov­ered. It is un­clear whether any of these are in­volved in the new FBI in­quiry. Law en­force­ment of­fi­cials said the newly dis­cov­ered emails were taken from the elec­tronic de­vices of se­nior Clin­ton aide Huma Abe­din and her dis­graced hus­band An­thony Weiner dur­ing an in­ves­ti­ga­tion in the lat­ter's 'sex­ting' of girls. Anthony Weiner, Huma Abedin. Click to enlarge Note by LD : Huma Abedin is an American Muslim of Indo-Pakistani descent. Weiner is a disgraced Jewish politician who has been involved in a series of sex scandals. When Huma found out about her husband's sleazy sexual activities, she was forced to divorce him. This was in August 2016. The unlikely couple had been married for just over six years. As for Huma, her relationship with Hillary Clinton has been an extraordinarily close one for almost 20 years, so much so that there have been sensational rumors of a lesbian liaison . The view for popular consumption is that Hillary is Huma's 'mentor” and 'mother figure”. Hillary once compared Huma to her own daughter Chelsea. 'I have one daughter,” she said. 'But if I had a second daughter, it would be Huma.” Huma's real mother, noting that Hillary had now replaced her in her daughter's affections, once told Hillary jokingly, 'I'm jealous of you!” (See here ) John Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono ( pictured ), claims to have had a lesbian affair with Hillary in the 1970s. 'We met many times,” Yoko boasts, 'and became very intimate ! ” (LD) TOM LEONARD continues : Weiner, a for­mer Demo­crat con­gress­man for New York, be­came em­broiled in a se­ries of scan­dals over ex­chang­ing sex­u­ally ex­plicit text mes­sages with a string of women. He sep­a­rated from Miss Abe­din, vice chair­man of the Clin­ton cam­paign, in Au­gust. It is un­der­stood the FBI is in­ves­ti­gat­ing Weiner af­ter it was re­vealed that he had been sex­ting a high school stu­dent who was 15 at the time. Mr Trump re­acted with de­light to Mrs Clin­ton's 11th-hour elec­tion night­mare. Ad­dress­ing a ju­bi­lant crowd in New Hamp­shire, Trump said: ' Hil­lary Clin­ton's cor­rup­tion is on a scale we've never seen be­fore. We must not let her take her crim­i­nal scheme into the Oval Of­fice.' Mr Trump had pre­vi­ously crit­i­cised the FBI and Depart­ment of Jus­tice for not bring­ing charges against his elec­tion opponent. His run­ning mate, Mike Pence, called on the FBI to im­me­di­ately re­lease all the emails per­ti­nent to the investigation, adding: 'The Amer­i­can peo­ple have a right to know.' The Repub­li­can vice pres­i­den­tial can­di­date told a rally in Penn­syl­va­nia, that he and Don­ald Trump 'com­mend the FBI for hav­ing the courage to re­open the case'. Chants of 'Lock her up!' came even be­fore Mr Pence ref­er­enced the FBI investigation. Mrs Clin­ton ig­nored shouted ques­tions from re­porters about the new FBI investigation as she walked off her plane in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. House Speaker Paul Ryan, the most se­nior Repub­li­can in Congress, said she had be­trayed Amer­i­cans' trust for han­dling 'the na­tion's most im­por­tant secrets. HOT NEWS! (just sent in by our Far Eastern correspondent 'FM') LATEST! . . . 4-minute VIDEO

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / American Funhouse: Manufacturing Consent Essential Reading By Smoking Mirrors on September 8, 2011 
Smoking Mirrors at his creative best writing about … well you decide what he's writing about Hellstorm – Exposing The Real Genocide of Nazi Germany (Full Documentary) By wmw_admin on May 10, 2015 
What happened in the aftermath of World War II has been one of the darkest and best kept secrets in world history. The Crucifixion of Jews Must Stop! By wmw_admin on August 21, 2010 
The sacrifice of 'six million Jews” was being talked about before Hitler rose to power. A photocopy from the American Hebrew dated Oct. 1919, speaks openly about a holocaust of six million Jews before declaring 'Israel is entitled to a place in the sun”!! The Advent of the Anti-Christ By Rixon Stewart on August 2, 2010 
A few words on the market meltdown and how it may assist the debut of a truly sinister figure Does God Play Dice with the Universe? By Rixon Stewart on December 1, 2003 
Research into particle physics is revealing a world full of almost magical qualities. Could it be that this mysterious, puzzling world is in fact the world of the spirit – the spiritual world that saints and mystics throughout history have sought to explo 'Holocaust” declared 7 years before there was a 'Holocaust” By wmw_admin on December 13, 2014 
The New York Times was already reporting of Jewish persecution and an ongoing 'Holocaust” in May 31, 1936 Magic Thermite and the 9/11 Fairytale By Smoking Mirrors on April 15, 2009 
The evidence is in and it's irrefutable: scientists have discovered traces of hi-tech explosives in the WTC debris. Which means the UK/US/Israel will have to stage another event on the scale of 9/11 to counter the brushfire this report will ignite

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on April 24, 2006 
In the light of more recent developments this older posting is more relevent than ever now Scallywag Magazine article on Lord McAlpine and Derek Laud By wmw_admin on November 15, 2012 
We repost this original 1990s article as it marks the beginning of an ongoing saga of depravity in British politics 9/11 and Zion: What Was Israel's Role? By Nick Kollerstrom on August 31, 2012 
When Netanyahu said the very next day, 'This is very good for Israel”, he wasn't just blurting out something indiscreet, he was publicly congratulating the various agents who had worked so hard They Live By wmw_admin on August 19, 2012 
Considered by some as prophetic, many will find eerie echoes of present day concerns in John Carpenters 24-year-old 'They Live'. View the cult classic here The Total Solar Eclipse in Scorpio, November 13th, 2012 By wmw_admin on November 16, 2012 
Normally we wouldn't post anything so arcane. But for those who don't believe in astrology we suggest your read this with a mind open to events currently unfolding in the world

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 1, 2016 News Brief — Oct 31, 2016 Frankfurt central station. Click to enlarge On Sunday a knife wielding attacker stabbed four people in Frankfurt's Hauptwache train station. At this stage the motive for the stabbings is still unknown and the assailant is still on the run. Frankfurt Police confirmed all four victims were still in hospital. However, the police have yet to issue any description of the attacker or any eyewitness accounts of the attacks. All of which prompts this writer to wonder why? Normally following such incidents police release an impression of the attacker based on victims description. But this time German police have released no such information, not even a photofit of the alleged attacker. Although it is still unclear who was responsible or what their motive was, the attacks follow a spate of similar attacks carried out by migrants and asylum seekers in Germany. In addition to a wave of sexual assaults that accompanied the migrant influx, more overtly politically motivated attacks have also been carried out. All of which have called into question Angela Merkel's open-door immigration policy. A week of violence that rocked Germany began in mid July when Pakistani teenager Riaz Khan Ahmadzai, 17, posing as an Afghan refugee, hacked at passengers on a train in Wurzburg with an axe, wounding five. He was shot dead by police. Four days later mentally disturbed German-Iranian teenager Ali Sonboly shot nine dead during a rampage through a Munich shopping centre before taking his own life. Although the authorities said that there was no terrorist motive for the attack and that Sonboly had acted in response to bullying, that didn't stop many Germans from arriving at their own conclusions. Two days later a Syrian refugee, 21, hacked a pregnant woman to death in Reutlingen and on the same night a 27year-old Syrian refugee injured 12 people when he detonated a rucksack packed with metal shards and screws in Ansbach. The bomber was also killed by the blast. However, in a message left on his mobile phone he claimed that the attack had been carried out on behalf of ISIS as an act of revenge against Germans . More deaths had been narrowly averted after the bomber was turned away by security guards at a music festival and instead detonated his rucksack bomb outside a nearby wine bar. Earlier this month the town of Chemitz went into lockdown after police raided the flat of Syrian refugee Jaber Albakr, who is alleged to have been plotting a terror attack on a German airport. All of which leaves us wondering: why no photofit or eyewitness description from the Frankfurt attack? In fact since the attack occurred on Sunday and the attacker went on the run there have been no further updates. Nothing. Almost as if a news blackout were being imposed. Ed

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / War, US Government Corporate Propaganda, The CIA And The Russian 'Putin Threat” Essential Reading By Smoking Mirrors on September 8, 2011 
Smoking Mirrors at his creative best writing about … well you decide what he's writing about The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part I By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Bill Ryan talks to a former City of London insider who participated in a meeting where the elite's plans for depopulation were discussed. The meeting, which took place in 2005, also discussed a planned financial collapse Have You Read the Talmud Lately? By wmw_admin on September 3, 2006 
The Talmud expounds some of the most virulent racism, as these extracts plainly show. However, as a reader points out not all Jews are influenced by it, or even read it. Only the ultra religious study it, the rest haven't a clue. We leave you to decide

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 1, 2016 Michael Snyder — The Economic Collapse Oct 30, 2016 
In the world of politics, the cover-up is often worse than the original crime. It was his role in the Watergate cover-up that took down Richard Nixon, and now Hillary Clinton's cover-up of her email scandal could send her to prison for a very, very long time. When news broke that the FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, it sent shockwaves throughout the political world . But this time around, we aren't just talking about an investigation into the mishandling of classified documents. I haven't heard anyone talking about this, but if the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice. That would immediately end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life. 
I have not seen a single news report mention the phrase 'obstruction of justice” yet, but I am convinced that there is a very good chance that this is where this scandal is heading. The following is the relevant part of the federal statute that deals with obstruction of justice … Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsified, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under Title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. 
If Hillary Clinton is sent to prison for 20 years, that would essentially be for the rest of her life. 
I have a feeling that the FBI is going to find a great deal of evidence of obstruction of justice in Huma Abedin's emails. But unfortunately there is not likely to be a resolution to this matter before November 8th, because according to the Wall Street Journal there are approximately 650,000 emails to search through… As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton 's email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. 
Of those 650,000 emails, an inside source told Fox News that ' at least 10,000 ” would be of interest to the investigation. 
At this point, FBI officials have not even begun searching through the emails, because a search warrant has not been secured yet. The following comes from CNN … Government lawyers haven't yet approached Abedin's lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. 
But the FBI is reportedly already searching a laptop that was co-owned by Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin, and no warrant was necessary for that search because Weiner is cooperating with the FBI. 
Many have been wondering why FBI Director James Comey would choose to make such a bold move just over a week until election day. Surely he had to know that this would have a dramatic impact on the election, and it is unlikely that he would have done so unless someone had already found something really big. In addition, Comey was reportedly eager to find an opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers at the FBI. The following is an excerpt from a Daily Mail article that was written by Ed Klein, the author of a recently released New York Times bestseller about the Clintons entitled ' Guilty As Sin '… 'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 'Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
So what happens next? 
In the most likely scenario, the FBI will not have time to complete the investigation and decide whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton before the election. This means that we would go into November 8th with this scandal hanging over the Clinton campaign, and that would seem to be very good news for Donald Trump. 
However, it is possible that once the FBI starts searching through these emails that they could come to the conclusion very rapidly that charges against Clinton are warranted, and if that happens we could still see some sort of announcement before election day. 
In the unlikely event that does happen, we could actually see Hillary Clinton forced out of the race before November 8th. 
Once again, this appears to be very unlikely at this point, but it is still possible. 
If Clinton was forced to step aside, the Democrats would need to come up with a new nominee, and that process would take time. In an article later today on The Most Important News I will reveal who I believe that nominee would be. 
In such a scenario, the Democrats would desperately need time to get their act together, and so we could actually see Barack Obama attempt to delay or suspend the election . The legality of such a move is highly questionable, but Barack Obama has not allowed a little thing like the U.S. Constitution to stop him in the past. 
This week is going to be exceedingly interesting – that is for sure. 
The craziest election in modern American history just keeps getting crazier, and I have a feeling that even more twists and turns are ahead. 
It sure seems ironic that Anthony Weiner is playing such a central role this late in the story, and I can't wait to see what is in store for the season finale.

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / On Being Aloof and Democratic Essential Reading They Live By wmw_admin on August 19, 2012 
Considered by some as prophetic, many will find eerie echoes of present day concerns in John Carpenters 24-year-old 'They Live'. View the cult classic here The Essene Gospel of Peace II By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Translated by Purcell Weaver and Edmond Szekely from its original Aramiac, a language that today few know but 2000 years ago was the language that Christ spoke and taught with Bloody Bill Clinton – American Caligula By wmw_admin on September 1, 2006 
The real legacy of Clinton's term of office: the chilling body count of those connected with him, who died in unusual or suspicious circumstances Hellstorm – Exposing The Real Genocide of Nazi Germany (Full Documentary) By wmw_admin on May 10, 2015 
What happened in the aftermath of World War II has been one of the darkest and best kept secrets in world history. Greg Palast is Related to Mossad Chief David Kimche By Christopher Bollyn on October 23, 2013 
Greg Palast may well be a Mossad disinfo agent. Christopher Bollyn provides the hard documentary evidence to prove it runs in his family The Life of an American Jew in Racist Marxist Israel Part II By wmw_admin on October 27, 2006 
Written nearly twenty years ago, Jack Bernstein's words now have a prophetic ring which he paid for with his life Who Really Murdered Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman? By wmw_admin on February 28, 2015 
Revelations that a US soldier was the killer would have jeopardised public support for the 'War on Terror”. Hence a frame-up was required. A Joe Vialls classic recovered. 9/11 and Zion: What Was Israel's Role? By Nick Kollerstrom on August 31, 2012 
When Netanyahu said the very next day, 'This is very good for Israel”, he wasn't just blurting out something indiscreet, he was publicly congratulating the various agents who had worked so hard

ARTICLE

By John Pilger on October 31, 2016 John Pilger — Russia Today Oct 28, 2016 
The American journalist, Edward Bernays, is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. 
The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psycho-analysis, it was Bernays who coined the term 'public relations” as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. 
In 1929, he persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade – behavior then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, 'Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!” 
Bernays' influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was 'engineering the consent” of people in order to 'control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it.” 
He described this as 'the true ruling power in our society” and called it an 'invisible government.” 
Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged. Imagine two cities. 
Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. 
But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters embedded with them, who enthusiastically report their battles and air strikes. There are front page pictures of these heroic soldiers giving a V-sign for victory. There is scant mention of civilian casualties. 
In the second city – in another country nearby – almost exactly the same is happening. Government forces are laying siege to a city controlled by the same breed of fanatics. 
The difference is that these fanatics are supported, supplied and armed by 'us” – by the United States and Britain. They even have a media center that is funded by Britain and America. 'US, UK sabotage any attempts at Syria settlement'– Political writer Dan Glazebrook https://t.co/diHrxk1wnG pic.twitter.com/ZXh3NAXFfg 
— RT (@RT_com) October 27, 2016 
Another difference is that the government soldiers laying siege to this city are the bad guys, condemned for assaulting and bombing the city – which is exactly what the good soldiers do in the first city. 
Confusing? Not really. Such is the basic double standard that is the essence of propaganda. I am referring, of course, to the current siege of the city of Mosul by the government forces of Iraq, who are backed by the United States and Britain and to the siege of Aleppo by the government forces of Syria, backed by Russia. One is good; the other is bad. 
What is seldom reported is that both cities would not be occupied by fanatics and ravaged by war if Britain and the United States had not invaded Iraq in 2003. That criminal enterprise was launched on lies strikingly similar to the propaganda that now distorts our understanding of the civil war in Syria. 
Without this drumbeat of propaganda dressed up as news, the monstrous ISIS and Al-Qaeda and al-Nusra and the rest of the jihadist gang might not exist, and the people of Syria might not be fighting for their lives today BREAKING: 6 children killed, over a dozen injured in rebel shelling of #Aleppo school (EXCLUSIVE) https://t.co/aw0a3f9ydn 
— RT (@RT_com) October 28, 2016 
Some may remember in 2003 a succession of BBC reporters turning to the camera and telling us that Blair was 'vindicated” for what turned out to be the crime of the century. The US television networks produced the same validation for George W. Bush. Fox News brought on Henry Kissinger to effuse over Colin Powell's fabrications. 
The same year, soon after the invasion, I filmed an interview in Washington with Charles Lewis, the renowned American investigative journalist. I asked him, 'What would have happened if the freest media in the world had seriously challenged what turned out to be crude propaganda?” 
He replied that if journalists had done their job, ' there is a very, very good chance we would not have gone to war in Iraq.” 
It was a shocking statement, and one supported by other famous journalists to whom I put the same question – Dan Rather of CBS, David Rose of the Observer and journalists and producers in the BBC, who wished to remain anonymous. 
— RT America (@RT_America) October 27, 2016 
In other words, had journalists done their job, had they challenged and investigated the propaganda instead of amplifying it, hundreds of thousands of men, women and children would be alive today, and there would be no ISIS and no siege of Aleppo or Mosul. 
There would have been no atrocity on the London Underground on 7th July 2005. There would have been no flight of millions of refugees; there would be no miserable camps. 
When the terrorist atrocity happened in Paris last November, President Francoise Hollande immediately sent planes to bomb Syria – and more terrorism followed, predictably, the product of Hollande's bombast about France being 'at war” and 'showing no mercy.” That state violence and jihadist violence feed off each other is the truth that no national leader has the courage to speak. 
'When the truth is replaced by silence,” said the Soviet dissident Yevtushenko, 'the silence is a lie.” 
The attack on Iraq, the attack on Libya, the attack on Syria happened because the leader in each of these countries was not a puppet of the West. The human rights record of a Saddam or a Gaddafi was irrelevant. They did not obey orders and surrender control of their country. From 'mad dog' to 'model' and back: How West changed its mind on Gaddafi https://t.co/eAoKoxYdaW pic.twitter.com/IwaiToi8O3 
— RT (@RT_com) October 20, 2016 
The same fate awaited Slobodan Milosevic once he had refused to sign an 'agreement” that demanded the occupation of Serbia and its conversion to a market economy. His people were bombed, and he was prosecuted in The Hague. Independence of this kind is intolerable. 
As WikiLeaks has revealed, it was only when the Syrian leader Bashar Assad in 2009 rejected an oil pipeline, running through his country from Qatar to Europe, that he was attacked. 
From that moment, the CIA planned to destroy the government of Syria with jihadist fanatics – the same fanatics currently holding the people of Mosul and eastern Aleppo hostage. 
Why is this not news? The former British Foreign Office official Carne Ross, who was responsible for operating sanctions against Iraq, told me: 'We would feed journalists factoids of sanitized intelligence, or we would freeze them out. That is how it worked.” 
The West's medieval client, Saudi Arabia – to which the US and Britain sell billions of dollars' worth of arms – is at present destroying Yemen, a country so poor that in the best of times, half the children are malnourished. 
Look on YouTube and you will see the kind of massive bombs – 'our” bombs – that the Saudis use against dirt-poor villages, and against weddings, and funerals. 
The explosions look like small atomic bombs. The bomb aimers in Saudi Arabia work side-by-side with British officers. This fact is not on the evening news. 
Propaganda is most effective when our consent is engineered by those with a fine education – Oxford, Cambridge, Harvard, Columbia – and with careers on the BBC, the Guardian, the New York Times, the Washington Post. 
These organizations are known as the liberal media. They present themselves as enlightened, progressive tribunes of the moral zeitgeist. They are anti-racist, pro-feminist and pro-LGBT. And they love war. 
While they speak up for feminism, they support rapacious wars that deny the rights of countless women, including the right to life. 
In 2011, Libya, then a modern state, was destroyed on the pretext that Muammar Gaddafi was about to commit genocide on his own people. That was the incessant news; and there was no evidence. It was a lie. 
In fact, Britain, Europe and the United States wanted what they like to call 'regime change” in Libya, the biggest oil producer in Africa. Gaddafi's influence in the continent and, above all, his independence were intolerable. 
So he was murdered with a knife in his rear by fanatics, backed by America, Britain and France. Hillary Clinton cheered his gruesome death for the camera, declaring, 'We came, we saw, he died!” . 
The destruction of Libya was a media triumph. As the war drums were beaten, Jonathan Freedland wrote in the Guardian: 'Though the risks are very real, the case for intervention remains strong.” 
Intervention – what a polite, benign, Guardian word, whose real meaning, for Libya, was death and destruction. 
According to its own records, NATO launched 9,700 'strike sorties” against Libya, of which more than a third were aimed at civilian targets. They included missiles with uranium warheads. Look at the photographs of the rubble of Misrata and Sirte, and the mass graves identified by the Red Cross. The UNICEF report on the children killed says, 'most [of them] under the age of ten.” As a direct consequence, Sirte became the capital of ISIS. 
Ukraine is another media triumph. Respectable liberal newspapers such as the New York Times, the Washington Post and the Guardian, and mainstream broadcasters such as the BBC, NBC, CBS, CNN have played a critical role in conditioning their viewers to accept a new and dangerous cold war. 
All have misrepresented events in Ukraine as a malign act by Russia when, in fact, the coup in Ukraine in 2014 was the work of the United States, aided by Germany and NATO. 
This inversion of reality is so pervasive that Washington's military intimidation of Russia is not news; it is suppressed behind a smear and scare campaign of the kind I grew up with during the first cold war. Once again, the 'Ruskies' are coming to get us, led by another Stalin, whom The Economist depicts as the devil. NATO's 'force projection' on Russia's doorstep undermines European security – Moscow https://t.co/7hjTJ0oIyv 
— RT (@RT_com) October 28, 2016 
The suppression of the truth about Ukraine is one of the most complete news blackouts I can remember. The fascists who engineered the coup in Kiev are the same breed that backed the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941. Of all the scares about the rise of fascist anti-Semitism in Europe, no leader ever mentions the fascists in Ukraine – except Vladimir Putin, but he does not count. 
Many in the Western media have worked hard to present the ethnic Russian-speaking population of Ukraine as outsiders in their own country, as agents of Moscow, almost never as Ukrainians seeking a federation within Ukraine and as Ukrainian citizens resisting a foreign-orchestrated coup against their elected government. 
There is almost the joie d'esprit of a class reunion of warmongers. The drum-beaters of the Washington Post inciting war with Russia are the very same editorial writers who published the lie that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. 
To most of us, the American presidential campaign is a media freak show, in which Donald Trump is the arch villain. But Trump is loathed by those with power in the United States for reasons that have little to do with his obnoxious behavior and opinions. To the invisible government in Washington, the unpredictable Trump is an obstacle to America's design for the 21st century. 
This is to maintain the dominance of the United States and to subjugate Russia, and, if possible, China. 
To the militarists in Washington, the real problem with Trump is that, in his lucid moments, he seems not to want a war with Russia; he wants to talk with the Russian president, not fight him; he says he wants to talk with the president of China. 
In the first debate with Hillary Clinton, Trump promised not to be the first to introduce nuclear weapons into a conflict. He said, 'I would certainly not do first strike. Once the nuclear alternative happens, it's over.” That was not news. 
Did he really mean it? Who knows? He often contradicts himself. But what is clear is that Trump is considered a serious threat to the status quo maintained by the vast national security machine that runs the United States, regardless of who is in the White House. 
The CIA wants him beaten. The Pentagon wants him beaten. The media wants him beaten. Even his own party wants him beaten. He is a threat to the rulers of the world – unlike Clinton who has left no doubt she is prepared to go to war with nuclear-armed Russia and China. 
Clinton has the form, as she often boasts. Indeed, her record is proven. As a senator, she backed the bloodbath in Iraq. When she ran against Obama in 2008, she threatened to 'totally obliterate” Iran. As Secretary of State, she colluded in the destruction of governments in Libya and Honduras and set in train the baiting of China. 
She has now pledged to support a no-fly zone in Syria – a direct provocation for war with Russia. Clinton may well become the most dangerous president of the United States in my lifetime –a distinction for which the competition is fierce. 
Without a shred of evidence, she has accused Russia of supporting Trump and hacking her emails. Released by WikiLeaks, these emails tell us that what Clinton says in private, in speeches to the rich and powerful, is the opposite of what she says in public. 
That is why silencing and threatening Julian Assange is so important. As the editor of WikiLeaks, Assange knows the truth. And let me assure those who are concerned, he is well, and WikiLeaks is operating on all cylinders. 
Today, the greatest build-up of American-led forces since World War Two is under way – in the Caucasus and Eastern Europe, on the border with Russia, and in Asia and the Pacific, where China is the target. 'US succeeded only in creating chaos in Syria, Iraq' – Middle East expert Marwa Osman https://t.co/HpWwbpHS9G 
— RT (@RT_com) October 27, 2016 
Keep that in mind when the presidential election circus reaches its finale on November 8th, if the winner is Clinton, a Greek chorus of witless commentators will celebrate her coronation as a great step forward for women. None will mention Clinton's victims: the women of Syria, the women of Iraq, the women of Libya. None will mention the civil defense drills being conducted in Russia. None will recall Edward Bernays' 'torches of freedom”. 
George Bush's press spokesman once called the media 'complicit enablers.” Coming from a senior official in an administration whose lies, enabled by the media, caused such suffering, that description is a warning from history. 
In 1946, the Nuremberg Tribunal prosecutor said of the German media: 'Before every major aggression, they initiated a press campaign calculated to weaken their victims and to prepare the German people psychologically for the attack. In the propaganda system, it was the daily press and the radio that were the most important weapons.”

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on April 16, 2011 Zion's Big Lie 
' The First Holocaust ” by Don Heddesheimer is a critical work documenting the continuous Jewish attempts at floating out Holocaust propaganda before, during and after World War One , often invoking the magical '6,000,000” figure and using the term 'Holocaust”. Of course, these clever propagandists have since accomplished their goal of establishing the outrageous myth of the Jewish Holocaust™ in the public consciousness following the end of WW2. In large part due to fictional Hollywood movies like 'Shindler's List” from that lying venomous worm, Steven Spielberg. Read The First Holocaust online here . 
Why the number 'Six Million”? 
As documented in the book The First Holocaust , the Zionists have continuously and hysterically attempted to claim that six million Jews were dead, dying or in grave danger in Europe and Russia since the late 1800's. Any time there was turmoil in Europe, albeit turmoil often instigated by Jews in the first place, prominent Zionist figures and Jewish-controlled media organizations world wide continuously whipped up a frenzy with phony sob stories to get people to feel sorry for Europe's Jews and donate money to Jewish charities. It turns out that this mythical six million figure, long since discredited even by mainstream Holohoax historians, comes from a Jewish-Talmudic religious myth that says 'ye shall return minus six million” or 'you shall return to the land of Israel with six million less”, and of course WW2 birthed the modern state of Israel which was established in 1948. Israeli Jews often excuse their systematic genocide of Palestinians and theft of Palestinian lands by bringing up the so-called Holocaust™ of WW2, which any serious researcher and critical thinker knows by now is a fraud of collosal proportions. The Zionists have so much influence that they turned a delusional Jewish religious prophecy into 'historical fact”. 
From History & Scriptural Origins of the Six Million Number ; 
[Quote 1] Jewish prophecies in the Torah require that 6 million Jews must 'vanish” before the state of Israel can be formed. 'You shall return minus 6 million.” That's why Tom Segev, an Israeli historian, declared that the '6 million” is an attempt to transform the Holocaust story into state religion. Those six million, according to prophecy, had to disappear in 'burning ovens”, which the judicial version of the Holocaust now authenticates. As a matter of fact, Robert B. Goldmann writes: '. . . without the Holocaust, there would be no Jewish State.” A simple consequence: Given six million Jews gassed at Auschwitz who ended up in the 'burning ovens” (the Greek word holocaust means burned offerings), therefore, the prophecies have now been 'fulfilled” and Israel can become a 'legitimate state”. –Unknown [ Quote 2] Regarding the 'six million' number you should know the following: In the Hebrew text of the Torah prophesies, one can read 'you shall return”. In the text the letter 'V” or 'VAU” is absent, as Hebrew does not have any numbers; the letter V stands for the number 6. Ben Weintraub, a religious scientist, learned from rabbis that the meaning of the missing letter means the number is '6 million'. The prophesy then reads: You will return, but with 6 million less. See Ben Weintraub: 'The Holocaust Dogma of Judaism”, Cosmo Publishing, Washington 1995, page 3. The missing 6 million must be so before the Jews can return to the Promised Land. Jahweh sees this as a cleaning of the souls of the sinful people. The Jews must, on the return to the Promised Land, be clean — the cleaning shall be done in burning stokes. –A Correspondent 
A few examples for your consideration; 
1900- Jewish leader lets slip the Zionist Holohoax scheme 
JUNE 11, 1900 – NEW YORK TIMES – page 7 – Rabbi Wise's Address'There are 6,000,000 living, bleeding, suffering arguments in favor of Zionism.” 1906- 
1911- 
Max Nordau , co-founder of the World Zionist Organization together with Theodore Herzl, warns of the 'annihilation of six million people” at the Zionist congress in Basle, Switzerland. This was 22 years before Hitler came to power and 3 years before WW1 started. 
1919- 
Shortly after WW1 Jews claim Holocaust of 'six million Jews”. It doesn't fly too far, nobody buys it. Click to read full article. 
1921- White Russian patriots gain ground on the Jewish Bolshevik usurpers of their nation. In a vein attempt to disguise their heavy involvement in murderous Bolshevism, Jews reel out the 'six million” myth once again. 

1938- 
This is only a small portion of tracts available that point to there being far more to the 'Holocaust” than is apparent. These along with many other examples can be found at Zion's Big Lie: The 'Six Million” Myth

ARTICLE

By Les Visible on November 1, 2016 Reflections in a Petri Dish — Nov 1, 2016 Dog Poet Transmitting……. It's one week until the 'to be hijacked elections' are supposed to take place. It stands to reason that at some point in the next seven days a bombshell, or several bombshells, are going to go off in the American political landscape. I do not know what these will be composed of. One of them will certainly have to do with the emails but I don't know what shape it will take. I suspect that the Trump camp has got some things up its sleeve but they want to wait until no amount of following spin will possess the amount of time necessary to undo the damage. I feel pretty confident saying this. I have this strong impression that the Trumpsters are sitting on some seriously damaging information. You've got to love The Apocalypse in times like these. The latest news is that Huma Abedin is seeking immunity . How real all of this is , I don't know. When I read things like Hillary has a predilection for underage girls, it makes me scratch my head. It isn't like I put anything past these people but sometimes I get the feeling people are reaching and more than willing to believe anything whether it is true or not. I'm not saying it isn't true, what I am saying is that, 'I don't know.” Still, there is a lot of chatter going on about the emails and sundry. Suffice to say that we can be certain there is a lot more known by those in a position to know than we are being told. I have been feeling a certain uneasiness for two days now. I've no idea what it pertains to but I feel sure something is about to rise to the surface and it is going to be significant. There are so many agendas at work and many who are employed by our oppressors and abusers have had it with the Satanic behavior of their employers. I don't know what we are looking at but it's 'hour has come round at last.” We are definitely living in interesting times. There are so many ways to look at the state of the world in this period. If you are a Satanist, a materialist, an atheist, a fear driven entity, or any permutation of similar perspectives, it is either, as Dickens put it; 'the best of times and the worst of times.” On the surface it certainly has the appearance of being a time for plunder or flight. On the one hand, those orchestrating or promoting the chaos are confident that they can steal and murder at will, under the darkness being generated for that purpose. On the other hand, certainly some amount of people are looking for a place to weather the sum of their fears. They want some place to hide. I don't know where that might be. Maybe they do. Many are already in that bunker mentality with all those guns and footstuffs. Certainly the agents of the dark side have got their boltholes put together. None of these folk have a plan for anything Lady Nature may come up with. For myself, I know that the almighty is screening a movie that was written out of the combined destinies of every life form on the planet. This has been going on for such a length of time that no human mind can measure or comprehend the extent of it. No human mind can comprehend the extent of one go round of Yugas; a Kalpa, whut is that? It doesn't matter what anyone thinks it is. All that matters is what it really is and the essence and detail of that has been long known to those so informed of the warf and woof of the process. It was all delineated back in the time of the Rishis. The nature of existence and the protocol of existence were all mapped out and remain to the present for any inquiring mind to peruse at their leisure. Of course there are and will be many arguments to the contrary. The separated human mind is capable of endless arguments, depending of what that separated mind wants to realize out of it. It is of no importance to me what others wish to believe. All that is important to me is what is true. I make no claims to be in possession of this information. What I can say is that I have been convinced of the divine architecture of existence and it is only important for me to recognize this and seek to align myself with it. Experience has proven to me that when I go along with the inner voice and rely on the certitude of the presence of the ineffable, things go well for me. When I rely on my own imperfect awareness of circumstance then I find out what is what and what is not. It is never an easy thing to talk about what one only has a partial understanding of. It is next to impossible to discuss the ineffable when it exists forever beyond the parameter of words. This is the telling argument for Faith. 'Faith is the substance of things unseen.” We are here to find ourselves and nothing more. Surely we can give our time and attention to all manner of pointless exercises and some of them have a long enough shelf life as to seem convincing to many. The evidence of the life successes of those who have prospered in the material world stand as examples for the ambitious and those who believe that, 'he who dies with the most toys wins.” This is certainly not true. It wouldn't even be true if there were no invisible hierarchy or worlds beyond this one. If you are dead forever then what is the point of the toys? The good and bad news is that this is not a one time event; life on this Earth. The cyclicity of Nature is consistent in all of its productions and an unwavering theme of justice and balance runs through the whole. Richard Dawkins can roll out all of his specious arguments, as can the rest of those whose primary intention is to kill our faith, or provide justifications for bad behavior, as is the motive behind the machinations of all those Tribe representatives, who work to bring about the managed chaos that is the ongoing game plan of their dark master. If it gets intense or seems hopeless at times, this is all permitted for the purpose of seeing what we will do in such moments. The witness watches and the actors perform. Strive always to keep the goal uppermost in your mind. The bumps and bruises, the treacheries and disappointments of this world are temporary. The possibilities and potential are everlasting. You will become the sum total of your investments. You will be representative and emblematic of what you put your Love and industry into. It matters not if it took you all this time to find out what the right road was. It matters not if you made a passel of mistakes in your time of ignorance. I am living proof that redemption awaits, without respite, for so long as you remain here and the opportunity to try again, should you fail and fail and fail, will always be there. You can make remarkable strides right from the point at which you sit in this moment. You can rouse yourself with an optimism that you may have not previously believed to exist. Extreme measures of physical effort are not required of you. We are talking about mental work and the ability to stand guard at the gateway of the mind. Anyone who has attempted this has discovered that it is not easy. This is why people chant. This is why people seek to pray without ceasing. This is why people attempt to practice the presence of God. All the many disciplines are for this single purpose. My version is to 'cast out thought'. Then what is permanent in the mind, prior to all thought, will reveal itself given a consistency of effort in this respect. Then… in the emptiness of that place, I get to say, 'I love you, I love you, I love you,” over and over and over. For each of us the time required will vary. You have to be equal to what is necessary for you. Ultimately there is only one thing you need to remember; if you do not quit, you cannot fail. It doesn't matter what Hillary does or what Trump does or all those thousands of people who pass you by in the supermarkets and department stores, on the sidewalks and in the park, on the highway in their cars, or who populate the astral plane when you dream. It only matters what you do and which, of all the desires that come and go in your being, is uppermost in your mind. Once you can reduce the chatter of all those unimportant desires, the power invested in your single greatest desire will increase to impressive proportions. Once you can concentrate so that all other thought is excluded from your focus, you can accomplish amazing results. 'Concentration is the secret of the magical art'…. 'All magic lies in the will.” I am not here to promote magical enterprise. My understanding of and application of this dynamic is much different than the common understanding of the medium which, works equally for good or ill, depending on the intention of the practitioner. My employment of magic- should that even be the correct term- is to come into the presence of the ineffable and nothing else. So… I suppose it wouldn't be magic really but… the results… should one succeed, could certainly be called magical. End Transmission…….

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 1, 2016 Introduction — Nov 1, 2016 The head of Britain's MI5 Andrew Parker says: 'There will be terrorist attacks in this country. The threat level is severe and that means likely.” To which we can only add: whence this certitude? Or as the correspondent who sent this in noted: 'Does he know something we don't?” In attempting to answer that it should be noted that being the head of Britain's MI5 Parker would be privy to any plans to launch a 'terrorist' false flag. In fact they would require his approval. So when Parker says 'there will be terrorist attacks in Britain” he not speculating, particularly when he lists the three main threats to security in the country. Apart from 'Islamic inspired terror”, Parker also cites threats from dissident Irish republicans and Russia. That's the giveaway because the British and other Western intelligence agencies are working hand-in-glove with the same 'Islamic inspired” extremists in Syria. Just as they covertly supported various Mujahideens fighting against Russian forces in Afghanistan, Western intelligence together with their allies in the gulf states and Turkey are now aiding militants in an effort to oust Syrian President Assad. So if such groups plan to turn their attention toward the West Andrew Parker would be one of the first to know. In fact such plans would probably require his approval before they went ahead. Ed. Looking every inch the public schoolboy bully, Andrew Parker the current head of M15. Click to enlarge Exclusive: 'There will be terrorist attacks in Britain,' says MI5 chief Paul Johnson and Ewen McAskill — Guardian.co.uk Nov 1, 2016 
MI5 has its roots in the run-up to the first world war. In 1909, the targets were suspected agents working for German naval intelligence, the focus was on Germans living in Britain. The Daily Mail, as ever, was alert to the danger, advising readers: 'If your waiter is German, refuse to be served by him.” 
In the 107 years since, there have been 17 director generals of MI5. Until 1993, their identities were a state secret. And even after an emergence of sorts into the public eye, the guiding rule to their life at work was: say as little as possible and what you do say, say discreetly. 
None has ever given a newspaper interview. Until now – and to the Guardian, the paper that won a Pulitzer prize for its coverage of the Edward Snowden revelations of 2013 , which so angered the British and US governments, and the intelligence agencies, and prompted fierce debate around the world about mass surveillance. 
Andrew Parker, the current chief, at the time spoke out forcefully about the damage he said Snowden was doing to the intelligence agencies and the help he was giving to our enemies. So has he changed his mind? Does he now recognise that Snowden was a force for good? 
'Not at all,” he says. And the Guardian? Can you see why we published the story? 'I have no view on that either,” he says, gripping the glass of water in his left hand a little more tightly. 
'I spoke out at the time about the damage that was done to the work of British and allied intelligence agencies, about having so much about how we operate revealed to our adversaries. Secrecy is not something we need for its own sake. 
'The Guardian takes a clear interest in the work we do – some of it is well informed, some less so. I am trying to create greater understanding – it matters to us that we have public consent for what we do.” 
Sitting in the office of the president of the Royal Society, where he has just been the surprise guest speaker at its annual diversity conference, Parker, who has made speeches and appeared once on the BBC Today programme, has a worldview that centres on three areas of threat. The first is Islamic-inspired terror, which he calls enduring and generational. 
'International terrorism in its latest shape, based on twisted ideology, brings terror to our streets and most of the developed world, including North America, Australia and Turkey,” he says. 
'Currently, the flavour of it is Daesh, or Isil [Islamic State], and we still have the al-Qaida brand. This is something we have to understand: it's here to stay. It is an enduring threat and it's at least a generational challenge for us to deal with.” 
He says the number of terror plots thwarted in the past three years stands at 12. 'That sort of tempo of terrorist plot and attempts is concerning and it's enduring. Attacks in this country are higher than I have experienced in the rest of my career – and I've been working at MI5 for 33 years. The reality is that because of the investment in services like mine, the UK has got good defences. My expectation is that we will find and stop most attempts at terrorism in this country.” 
He lets the word 'most” sink in before adding: 'There will be terrorist attacks in this country. The threat level is severe and that means likely.” 
The second area of threat is terrorism in Northern Ireland – from what he calls 'dissident republicans of various sorts”. The last terrorist-related death was of a prison officer in March . 
And the third is the covert threat from foreign governments. He is most exercised about Russia, which he says is at work across Europe and in the UK, using military means, propaganda, espionage, subversion and cyber-attacks to achieve its foreign policy aims. 'It's MI5's job to get in the way of that.” 
Parker says the threat from Russia is real – in part because it is so varied. 'We see it in places such as Ukraine and the appalling brutalities in Syria.”

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 2, 2016 Jared Taylor — The Unz Review Oct 28, 2016 From the start of Donald Trump's campaign, the media have covered him dishonestly. They have consistently portrayed him as a closet ' white supremacist ” who deliberately appeals to ' racists .” They have tried to tie him to a wicked movement known as the ' Alt-Right .” They are now working on another dishonest angle: that Donald Trump is 'mainstreaming hate” and bringing 'racism” into public discourse. The media clearly want to stampede voters into Mrs. Clinton's camp so as to spare us the agony of a 'racist” in the White House. The demonization campaign has backfired. By trying to hang racial dissidents around Donald Trump's neck , the media have given American Renaissance and other organizations far more publicity than ever before. At the same time, c onstant shouts of 'racist” and 'bigot” don't seem to hurt Mr. Trump: instead they are wrecking what is left of media credibility. The biggest irony, though, is that Donald Trump is probably not one of us at all. But even small deviations from the cast-iron orthodoxy of race are enough to plunge our rulers into dark fantasies about Donald Trump as a secret David Duke fan. Media dishonesty started immediately. When Mr. Trump pointed out that some immigrants from Mexico were criminals , the press acted as if he had said all Mexican immigrants are criminals. Then, when alert news hounds discovered that those of us they love to call 'haters” and 'white supremacists” liked Mr. Trump, there was no end of articles with titles such as : ' Meet the Horde of Neo-Nazis, Klansmen, and Other Extremist Leaders Endorsing Donald Trump ,” ' Top Racists And Neo-Nazis Back Donald Trump ,” ' 'Heil Donald Trump': Neo-Nazis, White Supremacists Show Support ,” and ' The White Nationalists Who Support Donald Trump .” These articles had a simpleminded purpose: discredit Mr. Trump by parading before the reader any Nazi, Kluxer, or racially conscious white person who had anything nice to say about the candidate. The implication was that if 'racists” were going to vote for Donald Trump he must be 'racist,” too . This was deceitful and one-sided. When the chairman of the American Communist Party endorsed Hillary Clinton , no one suggested this meant she was a communist . It is true that Mr. Trump gave the media just enough of an excuse to pretend he really is a closet 'bigot” because he did not repudiate 'racists” with the snorts of indignation respectability requires. There was the famous exchange in February when a reporter pushed Mr. Trump to disavow an endorsement from David Duke. As The Hill reported it: ' 'David Duke endorsed me? OK, alright. I disavow, OK?' Trump said, seeking to quickly move on to another question.” That same month, there was another famous exchange with Jake Tapper of CNN : Tapper: Will you unequivocally condemn David Duke and say that you don't want his vote or that of other white supremacists in this election? Donald Trump: Well just so you understand, I don't know anything about David Duke, OK? I don't know anything about what you're even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists. So, I don't know. I don't know, did he endorse me, or what's going on? Because, you know, I know nothing about David Duke. I know nothing about white supremacists. The media leaped on these exchanges with shouts of joy . 'Trump refuses to disavow white supremacists! That's because he is one!” There are far better explanations. First, Donald Trump is a pugnacious man. He doesn't like being pushed around by anyone, especially not by journalists who hate him . If Mr. Tapper had belligerently demanded that Mr. Trump agree that the sky is blue, Mr. Trump would have bridled at that. Second, Donald Trump probably doesn't know anything about David Duke or white supremacy. I would be astonished if he has ever looked into the thinking of David Duke or any other alleged 'white supremacist.” It is his feistiness and his ignorance of white advocacy that explain his answers, not some carefully concealed racial consciousness. The press has also pounced on Donald Trump's retweets of 'racist” material, which is supposed to be yet more proof that he is a secret supremacist. Business Insider, for example, published this shocking story: ' 5 times Donald Trump has engaged with alt-right racists on Twitter .” Not one of these tweets is obviously 'racist,” and it would be surprising if Mr. Trump or his skeleton staff took the time to vet the sources of the thousands of tweets @realDonaldTrump has sent during the campaign. Now the press is working on another smear-Trump angle. Recently, I have been contacted by journalists from such places as Bloomberg News, Reuters, and the New York Times , who clearly want to write that Donald Trump is ' mainstreaming hate ,” that he is responsible for a huge surge in the Alt-Right. They want to know about all the people who have been flocking to AmRen.com because of what Donald Trump says. They want me to tell them about people who have been 'emboldened” to 'speak out against minorities” because Donald Trump has led the way. They would love to find someone who now thinks he is free to run down the street shouting 'nigger!” because Mr. Trump wants to take a hard look at Muslim immigrants . I have explained to them as patiently as I can that they have it the wrong way around. No one comes looking for AmRen.com because Donald Trump wants to build a wall. They come looking for us because the media have written about us in their attempt to convince the world that Mr. Trump is a 'racist.” They come looking for us because Mrs. Clinton kindly called attention to us by complaining about the Alt-Right and her ' basket of deplorables .” I also try to explain that if the media had not launched its malicious campaign of trying to hold Donald Trump responsible for the views of certain people who support him, few people would have heard of the Alt-Right. In their zeal to paint their enemy in the darkest colors, they are promoting the Alt-Right, not Donald Trump. Rioting in Ferguson after Michael Brown was shot dead. Click to enlarge I explain that racial dissent has been growing like never before, for reasons that have nothing to do with the campaign. It is Trayvon Martin , Michael Brown , Black Lives Matter , and black rioters who are sending hundreds of thousands of frustrated white people our way– not Donald Trump. This will not change whether Mr. Trump wins or loses. The top landing pages on AmRen.com are analyses of race and crime–something Mr. Trump never talks about. I also explain to reporters that it is idiotic to think Mr. Trump has mainstreamed 'hate,” by which they mean sensible observations about race. I ask them to name a single person who has been 'emboldened” to say something 'racist” just because Donald Trump is the GOP nominee. Of course, they can't. If anything, it is the opposite. Mr. Trump has been called every name under the sun for the mildest, most common-sense observations about Muslims and immigration. Anyone tempted to come out of the closet is likely to hesitate more than ever. Things could change if Mr. Trump becomes president, but the candidate himself has done very little to spread our ideas. What Donald Trump has done is spark an unprecedented interest in politics among disaffected young people who recognize that Mitt Romney and John McCain are no different from Barack Obama when it comes to preserving whites, their society, and their culture. I know a number of millennials who never bothered to vote before but who certainly will in November. I know some who have made their first political contribution or who have spent weekends volunteering for the Trump campaign. I point out to reporters that this is what elections are supposed to be all about: giving the voters real choices. I note that the Trump/Clinton contest will almost certainly produce a record voter turnout for a modern election. Haven't our rulers been wringing their hands over a lack of political engagement, especially among the young? Well, now they have engagement, alright, but they don't like it. They don't like it because so many people are stumping for the candidate they love to call a ' threat to democracy .” Liberals are such transparent hypocrites. They claim to love democracy, but suddenly start worrying about its health if the people refuse vote the way they tell them to. The whole Trump-is-a-racist fracas shows just how painfully fragile orthodoxy has become. I may be wrong, but I have no reason to think Donald Trump thinks at all as we do. He has never said or done anything to suggest he is anything more than an ordinary American with normal instincts: He doesn't want criminals sneaking across the border, he thinks sanctuary cities for illegals are crazy, he doesn't see why we need more Muslims, and he is angry when immigrants go on welfare. Millions of ordinary Americans clearly agree with him, and not because they are racially aware. It is because they are decent, fair-minded people who also have a nagging sense that the country is changing in unwelcome ways. I am convinced that Mr. Trump does not have a sophisticated understanding of race. So far as I can tell, he doesn't have a sophisticated understanding of much of anything. He has stumbled by instinct onto a few sensible policies that white advocates have been promoting for a long time, but not because he is one of us. Maybe–just maybe–he will move in our direction. It's not impossible to imagine a President Trump asking, in an offhand way, 'What's wrong with white people wanting to remain a majority in the United States?” Or he might casually note that you can't expect as many blacks as Asians in AP classes because they don't have the same levels of intelligence . But I can imagine the opposite, too: President Trump so bogged down in Beltway baloney that he never even builds the wall. There is one thing that Donald Trump has changed. He has proven that Republican bromides about taxes and small government don't excite people. He has proven that there is tremendous anger against political insiders of both parties. He has proven that Americans do want their country to come first. They don't want it to try to save the world or to be a dumping ground for people who have wrecked their own countries. And even if he has not 'mainstreamed racism,” he has shown that if you have a backbone you can withstand what is surely the most intense and concentrated program of hate ever directed at an American. On October 11, Roger Cohen wrote in the New York Times that Donald Trump is a 'phony, liar, blowhard, cheat, bully, misogynist, demagogue, predator, bigot, bore, egomaniac, racist, sexist, sociopath,” and a 'dictator-in-waiting with a brat's temper and a prig's scowl.” [ Trumpism After Trump ] This must be one of the most unhinged, hysterical outbursts in the history of American political journalism. And it is unusual only for its wordiness, not its tone. Don't the editors of the Times realize that this kind of frothing explains why more Americans believe in Bigfoot (29 percent) than trust newspapers (20 percent)? Virtually the entire industry is so consumed with rage at Donald Trump and contempt for his supporters that it cannot control itself. Open, petulant bias is driving more and more Americans to social media and to sites like AmRen.com for their news. Despite the concerted shrieking of virtually the entire American ruling class, Donald Trump is going to get close to half of the vote on November 8. Some 60 million people are going to vote for a man for whom Roger Cohen [] has emptied his dictionary trying to insult. Only one major newspaper has endorsed Donald Trump. Only one . And this is a man whom the American people might choose as their president. What better proof could we have of the stark difference between printed opinion and public opinion, between what Americans think and what our rulers want us to think? Donald Trump has ripped away whatever was left of the pretense of media objectivity. Whether he wins or not, whether he is one of us or not, Donald Trump has laid bare the collusion between big media and a political system in which both parties collaborate to run the country in their interests and those of their big donors. Voters–finally–have a chance to vote against the entire corrupt system. On November 8th they could bring it crashing down, but even if it still stands, it is visibly weakened, badly discredited. These are the perfect conditions in which our ideas will flourish as never before. Jared Taylor [ Email him ] is editor of American Renaissance and the author of Paved With Good Intentions: The Failure of Race Relations in Contemporary America . (For Peter Brimelow's review, click here .) His most recent book is White Identity .

ARTICLE

By Robert Fisk on November 2, 2016 Robert Fisk — The Independent Nov 1, 2016 
They're keeping open the eight passages to western Aleppo , just in case. There have been no more air strikes on the surrounded east of the city by either Syrian or Russian jets – despite the anti-government bombardment by Jabhat al-Nusra and its largely Islamist allies. The Syrian army has pushed its enemies nine miles further north of the city, in which more than 80 civilians have been killed over the past six days and the militia offensive has predictably failed. 
Not that the United Nations could be left out. 'Shocked and appalled” it was, of course, and Staffan de Mistura, the UN envoy, has churned out the old 'war crimes” threat, this time directed at the West's friendly 'moderates' in eastern Aleppo – whom he was keen to talk to a couple of weeks ago – rather than the Bashar al-Assad regime. But the UN's bleatings will make no difference. Nor will the John Kerry's oddly Gaelic fears of Aleppo smashed to 'smithereens” – originally an Irish word – have the slightest effect. 
Yet the Syrian government still hopes more civilians – militiamen, too – will leave the besieged east and allow it to reabsorb the enclave without another war. Everything depends right now on three people: the commander of the Syrian Aleppo garrison, the head of the Baath party in the city, and the boss – whoever he is – of the Jabhat al-Nusra militia and their Ahrar al-Sham allies and other outfits who are defending or imprisoning (delete as appropriate, as usual) the 200,000 to 300,000 civilians in eastern Aleppo. 
So we'll start with the bespectacled general in charge of the evacuation whose office I found adorned with vast operational maps of Aleppo – in which the east of the city appears as a grey, bent sausage with a circle to the left (the ancient citadel, still held by Syrian troops) pierced by eight large red arrows. Whether the arrows represent planned attacks or the crossing points which the government opened on 20 October from 8am to 4pm each day – with only 48 takers so far – was unclear. But the four large banners hanging from flagstaffs behind the general's desk told their own story: Hezbollah's green and yellow, the red, white and blue of Russia, the black, white and red of Syria and the green white and red of Iran. 
A multicoloured coalition, then, with a lot of firepower – and an intriguing set of military video clips of the crossings as they opened on 20 October. Each shows a Syrian armoured vehicle with a loudspeaker calling on 'the people of Aleppo” to 'take out the wounded and civilians from the east of Aleppo along the routes that have been planned by the government”, adding revealingly that 'the Syrian government, in cooperation with the Russian forces, will guarantee safety for you and your family”. Russian officers were indeed at the crossing points on the three first days. Two of them were wounded by snipers. One of the video clips shows a shell, apparently fired from eastern Aleppo, exploding in the background as two men run from the east to the Syrian army lines. 
The general thought there were only 75,000 civilians left in eastern Aleppo, an intriguing figure since the number of trapped families in the enclave have moved between 70,000 and 300,000 according to various 'experts”. The UN believes the higher figure, a Syrian army officer on the front line suggested 200,000, another far more senior Syrian intelligence officer thought 250,000, the Ba'ath party guessed between 112,000 to 115,000. All of which proves that no one – neither the UN, the Syrians or journalists – has the slightest idea of just how many souls are waiting to be saved or to die. 
'We promised to take care of the injured,” the general announced. 'We did. The people who came across were free to go and live with their relatives in the west of the city or to apartments which we had reserved for them. They chose their relatives.” Then he added, almost without hesitation: 'Now the decision is that we must enter the battle and put an end to the Nusra and other terrorist groups to help the people themselves to get rid of them.” 
Did this mean that the halt in Russian and Syrian bombing of eastern Aleppo would resume? A telephone rang on the general's desk and a flurry of staff officers ran into his office with aerial photographs – presumably the work of a drone – and his attention suddenly turned to more pressing matters. 'There are armed men crossing from Turkey through the Bab al-Howa border point to the north of Lattakia” – which showed just how far the general's remit ran in northern Syria – 'and they are driving a lot of vehicles with explosives and ammunition. Look! We search for a political solution and they are ready to attack and fight.” 
But would the Syrians and Russians bomb east Aleppo again? 'There are orders that the planes cannot bomb within 10km of eastern Aleppo,” the general replied. An interesting remark, since the general is the man who orders the air strikes – along with his Russian colleagues, of course – and he followed up with a slightly ambiguous remark when I asked for his feelings when he saw the wounded children of east Aleppo on television. 'I see them as like my kids,” he replied. 'I have a very high sense of humanity with civilians. But with terrorists, I have to do my national duty – to defend the civilians and protect them. The terrorists” – and the general thought there were 15 separate armed groups in eastern Aleppo – 'are the same wherever they exist – in Syria, Iran, Britain, Russia, Lebanon…” 
Perhaps. But the general also made a remark about 'medical facilities for terrorists” which suggested that hospitals who treated militiamen in east Aleppo were targets for the Syrian-Russian coalition, whomever else the hospitals treated. Which also tells its own grim tale. So now to the Baath headquarters in Aleppo, bathed in generator light and sudden power cuts, where the local party head, Ahmed Ibrahim Saleh, described how he talked to east Aleppo civilians by phone, claiming that – through these interlocutors – he has contact with 12,000 civilians in the enclave. 
And negotiations were continuing, he said. The Ahrar al-Sham group had indirectly received a message from the government via text and they replied by recorded phone calls: the government's message was that they could send over a group of their men if they wanted to cross to the west of the city as a test – just two if they wanted – and these two could telephone when they arrived through the government lines and reached a safe place. 
'They said: 'We trust you, but we don't trust the [Syrian] government or the [state] security apparatus'. I said, 'just find four or five armed men to cross'. They said they would discuss this. The problem is that the leaders of these armed groups, the foreigners, make them afraid and tell them that the security apparatus will execute them. But all the armed men who have come to this building have been well-treated.” This appears to be perfectly true. But the constant reference to the 'security apparatus' was telling; everyone in Syria fears the mukhabarat security police. 
When I asked Mr Saleh about hospitals in the east of the city, I heard a familiar story. 'This is war. Maybe there are some mistakes. Maybe the plane cannot see women and children. One hospital shelled by a plane was a base for the leaders of the terrorists and was full of arms and weapons.” This was quite an admission. When Nato found soldiers hiding in a hospital during the 1999 war on Serbia, its bombs killed all the civilians in the building but none of the soldiers. No one spoke of war criminals. A different morality is in play in Syria, of course, where the bombing of hospitals is immediately – and legally correctly – referred to as a war crime. 
As for the conflict, 'war ends when foreign support stops”, Mr Saleh said. 'If America says 'Stop the war', the war will stop.” So now to a young Syrian army captain on the front line who guards one of the crossing points. During the truce, he received two armed men who had contacted him earlier to arrange the crossing. 'They came right here to my office,” he said. 'One of them was from Ahrar al-Sham, we let them come with their guns. We had vehicles ready for them with covered windows so that no one could shoot at them. I told them which road to use to come out. They were checked by our people in case they carried booby traps. We could see them but the two men could not see our soldiers. 
'They told me that their life stopped when the war began and did not advance any more in the following years. One of the men said his dream was 'just one more night of sleep and one more day of life for me and my family'. The two men knew each other and they complained that the armed groups were uneducated and illiterate. Yes, when we shell east Aleppo, we are defending ourselves – just as they will defend their side of the city when we rocket them. How many people are there? I myself think the UN's figures might be exaggerated. When the passages were opened, eight wounded men from Ahrar al-Sham came out and we offered them health care and they refused and said they wanted to join the other terrorists in Idlib province. Because they were wounded, they were friendly to the army. I met the eight of them. We allowed them freely to go to Idlib.” 
And this is also true. The armed men who surrendered in Homs were allowed to go to Idlib. So were the armed opposition in the Damascus suburbs, including those of Mouadamiya. Idlib seems to be the favourite dumping ground for all varieties of Islamist fighters. For the Syrian government, the armed men of Aleppo should either agree to go home or head for Idlib themselves, along with their families. But will they? The captain had heard of 40 executions by Ahrar al-Sham of armed men who wished to leave eastern Aleppo. Propaganda? Maybe. But the commanders of the Islamist groups there give no interviews to visiting western reporters – because western journalists have wisely decided not to turn up in east Aleppo and have their heads cut off. 
So was the recent offensive against western Aleppo the answer to the Syrians' 'passageways” to freedom, to the 'corridors” of safety which were opened for the civilians? Perhaps. But given the amount of weaponry the militias deployed in recent days, they may have decided that they still have no need to negotiate another truce or take the bus to Idlib. Then we are left with the general's remark about how 'the decision is to enter the battle”. In other words, Aleppo's agony is far from over.

ARTICLE

By Gilad Atzmon on November 2, 2016 Gilad Atzmon — gilad.co.uk Nov 1, 2016 In her recent Washington Post Article , Jewish academic Cheryl Greenberg makes one valid observation. Trump's criticism of the Jews is far more subtle than his disapproval of other groups and identities (Mexicans, Muslims, Women etc). Though Trump is not known for pulling his punches, when it comes to the Jews, Trump chooses his words very carefully. Trump, according to Greenberg, is so careful 'that it's not clear that Trump himself fully understands the implications of what he's saying.” I guess that the Jewish academic couldn't restrain herself from looking down at the Goy candidate. Greenberg sees Trump as a puppet-master who controls his audience by means of 'dog whistling'. 'Trump's references to money, bankers and international conspiracies appear to be deliberate anti-Semitic dog whistles, and his alt-right supporters recognize (and celebrate) that.” Greenberg elaborates on her observation, 'first of all, dog whistles serve when overt expressions are not an option; they communicate to those who are familiar with the conspiracy theories but maintain plausible deniability.” According to Greenberg, when Trump wants to communicate a message about the Jews, he uses an indecipherable code intelligible only to half of the Americans… Greenberg and the ADL. If Greenberg is correct, if Trump says 'international Bankers' but really means Jews, then both the Republican candidate and half of the American people are fearful of the Jews. They must very well understand what a confrontation with Jewish institutions may entail. They know that, in America, criticism of Mexicans, Women, and Muslims is a kosher territory but even a subtle criticism of Jews may cost them dearly. One may wonder, how did this happen? What is the substance of that magical power that empowers half of Americans to speak in codes when they think about Jews? Greenberg seems to raise the right question just to come up with the wrong answer. 'Why would anti-Semitism not be an overt option, while racism, sexism, and xenophobia are?” 'Americans are less willing to accept blatant anti-Semitism than racism,” Greenberg's answers. What Greenberg really wants to say is that Americans can be racists and can say whatever they like about whoever they want. But when it comes to Jews, they refrain. Americans do know very well the geography of the boundaries of correctness. Jewish power is for them ataboo, at least momentarily. America and Americans are fully aware of the enormous power that is bestowed in the hands of just a few Jewish oligarchs within ubiquitous industries of media, finance, politics, and culture. America would have loved to dissolve the situation peacefully but it can't. Jewish power can't be contained or suppressed because we are not even allowed to allude to it, let alone point it out. Jewish power is defined as the power to silence criticism of Jewish power. Jewish power, as such, is a ticking timebomb. It is a unique form of self-destructiveness. The history of the Jews proves this point. Time after time it is Jewish power that sets the path towards a glamorous Jewish golden age that leads to the most severe tragic consequences. The Jewish phobia of anti semitism is not driven by fear of the gentile. It is actually the other way around. The Jewish fear of antisemitism is the result of Jews being fearful of their own might. Jews tend to recognise that there is something in themselves that evokes animosity from others. This is the true meaning of the Jewish 'Pre Traumatic Stress Syndrome”. It is the acceptance that from here forward, things can only get worse. Many Jews see in Trump's popularity a symptom of a fatigue of their own power. They interpret the nostalgic yearning for 'America being great' as a pining for a Christian past. Something that predates Goldman Sachs' and Soros' dominion. The Jewish aggression towards Trump can be realised as an expression of Jewish guilt. Yet, Trump himself has very little to do with it. He married his daughter to a Jew. He trades with Jews, he loves Israel. He is almost as Jewish as the Clintons. Greenberg is optimistic. For her, Trump's popularity is 'the final gasping of white supremacy”. His voters – pretty much half of the American people – are dogs reacting to a man with a whistle. I am not as optimistic as Greenberg. I think that exploring such contempt towards half of the American people in the name of a vague progressive mantra is a very dangerous game. It suggests to me that progressives have reached a state of complete detachment.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 2, 2016 henrymakow.com — Nov 1, 2016 Salman Hossein was forced to flee Canada in 2010 with police on his tail for antisemitic activities. From his exile in Dhaka, Bangladesh, he says Hillary will win and lead the US to world war. Masonic Jewish central bankers can't allow Trump to win because he will turn on them. They are already losing world control and Trump would be the final nail in their coffin. CIA, Mossad, please phone. Salman Hossein is available for false flags, drug running, wet operations etc. by Salman Hossein — (henrymakow.com) After 9-11, there were eight regimes that had not submitted to the authority of the Jewish bankers. Four of them either got taken out or bullied/bribed/coerced into bowing down – Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, and Sudan. The only problem is that recently China, Iran, North Korea, Russia, and Turkey have broken out of the sphere of control. Syria is still independent and fighting to maintain its sovereignty against Israeli expansionism and Banker domination. Putin recently put out an arrest warrant for George Soros for currency manipulation and has issued a decree banning the Rothschild clan from Russia. Russia is also causing problems for the Israelis and the West by defending the regime of Bashar Al Assad from Nusra and Da'esh/ISIS. Israeli expansionism has been kept in check by Russia. China has also more or less wrested free of control from the International Jewish oligarchy. As a pro-Israeli asset , Trump is not a threat to Israeli expansionism in Gaza and the West Bank. He has even opened up a campaign office in Israel. He is essentially aligning white gentile power with the Israeli-Jewish supremacist camp. He only cares about Israel and will facilitate even worse oppression of Arabs and Muslims not only in Palestine and the rest of the Greater Middle East but in the Western world as well. He consistently repeats the false ' Muslim terrorist ' narrative. He is even worse than George W. Bush Junior . As the alternative to the US Dollar, the new BRICS monetary system is also challenging Jewish control of international finance. The heavyweights in the BRICS alliance are Russia and China. There are those who claim that BRICS is also covertly run by the Jewish bankers. I don't buy this. The Chinese are fully aware of the Jewish question . The Russians kicked out Jewish criminals . They won't be able to penetrate the economy as well as they have done in the Western world. THE DILEMMA OF JEWISH SUPREMACISM

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 2, 2016 Introduction — Oct 31, 2016 The following report only serves to underline how the U.S. political system is no longer fit for purpose. It is totally corrupt and serves 'special interest groups' that put their own aims over and above those of the American people. What follows is nearly two months old but it is also a timely reminder that Trump, like Clinton, is more than ready to lead America into war. Although unlike Clinton, Trump prefers a less direct route. So instead of directly challenging Russia Trump has saved his belligerence for Iran. Threatening that Iranian military speed boats would be 'shot out of the water” if they made moves 'that they shouldn't be allowed to make” near U.S. warships. Given the growing military ties between Russia and Iran, this could easily result in the U.S. facing what the WSJ refers to as the Moscow-Tehran-Damascus axis: a rebranded 'axis of evil”. Trouble is neither U.S. presidential candidate is offering a valid alternative to this confrontational scenario. Both are advocating two entirely different approaches on foreign policy that would ultimately lead to the same end — military confrontation with Russia. The only difference is that Americans would be more likely to follow Trump into conflict than the increasingly discredited Clinton. Ed. Trump on Iran ship behavior: 'They will be shot out of the water' Daniella Diaz and Johhny Diamond — CNN Sept 10, 2016 
Donald Trump vowed Friday that if Iran inappropriately approached US ships, they would be 'shot out of the water.” 
'And by the way, with Iran, when they circle our beautiful destroyers with their little boats and they make gestures that our people — that they shouldn't be allowed to make, they will be shot out of the water,” he said at a rally here. 
Taking such action would have tremendous ramifications and would likely be considered an act of war. The comments, even given Trump's penchant for tough language, are unusual for a presidential candidate. 
Trump appeared to be referring to a series of close encounters between the US and Iran in international waters in the Persian Gulf. 
An Iranian ship came within 100 yards of a US Navy patrol ship earlier this week in what the US Navy described as an 'unsafe and unprofessional” action involving 'harassing maneuvering.” 
And late last month , a US Navy patrol craft fired three warning shots at an Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps boat after US officials said it had harassed two US ships. Another US patrol craft and a Kuwaiti Navy ship were also harassed in the northern end of the Persian Gulf. 
Iran has also flown drones over US ships and in one of the most intense confrontations between the US and Iran, Iranian troops took US sailors into custody in January after the US naval ship accidentally strayed into Iranian territorial waters. 
The US has condemned Iran's actions but hasn't responded militarily to the provocations.

ARTICLE

By Vigilant Citizen on November 2, 2016 By VC — Vigilant Citizen Nov 1, 2016 The BBC series aimed at children as young a six describe how Ben became Amy by taking hormones to halt puberty. It is yet another example of the agenda promoting the blurring of the genders. And they are now aiming children. Last year, I published an article entitled The Agenda Behind Bruce Jenner's Transformation where I explained how Jenner's sex change was intentionally publicized and celebrated because it was part of a larger agenda promoting the blurring of the genders. This agenda is even more obvious and insidious this year because there's a conscious effort to reach children. A child with the word 'Transgender' stamped across the screen. This sums up what mass media has been about these past years. Click to enlarge Although 'Amy' is played by an actress, the story claims that she used to be boy named Ben. Click to enlarge CBBC's series Just a Girl is the latest baffling attempt at normalizing, trivializing and even celebrating the completely unnecessary process that is childhood sex change. Freely available online on CBBC's website, the series even teaches children about taking hormones and puberty-halting drugs. Do we truly know the effects of such drugs on one's developing body and brain chemistry. Of course not. Why is this radical and aberrant process promoted to children? Do children need to know about hormone blockers? AND WHERE ARE THE PARENTS?! Click to enlarge In my humble opinion, parents who subject their children to radical treatments such as hormone blockers and sex change surgery should be trialed for child abuse. Instead, these things are actually encouraged in shows aimed at children and society is following suit. Some NHS clinics (such as the Tavistock Centre in North London) have been prescribing hypothalamic blockers to children as young as nine. In another case, such as a seven-year-old boy was ordered to be removed from his mother's care as 'she was raising him as female'. This is what the elite wants to see: Confused children wondering if they should change sex. HOW ABOUT YOU GO OUTSIDE AND RIDE A BIKE OR SOMETHING? Here are quotes taken from Just a Girl . In Just A Girl, Amy says: 'When I was born, Mum said Dad was so pleased that he had a boy to take to the football. But Mum knew I was different. She realised early on that I was born in the wrong body.' She adds: 'My Mum supported me when I did a PowerPoint presentation to my class about transitioning and that I wasn't going to come to school in boys' clothes any more, but girls' clothes. I wasn't Ben, I was Amy.' Later Amy is shown telling a friend, Josh – a boy who wants to be recognised as a girl – that she is on hormone blockers, saying it took 'ages' to get them after 'loads of tests and talks at the clinic'. 'Once they realised I was trans for real, [I] got them,' she says. In another entry, Amy tells viewers she has developed a crush on a boy called Liam, but confides: 'Liam thinks I'm just a girl, but I'm not. I'm trans. And what's he going to say if he finds out? Stop being my friend? Why? I'm still me, aren't I?' This last bit appears to be taken straight from a neuro-linguistic programming (NLP) handbook. The goal: To confuse young minds about sex and gender. Backlash

ARTICLE

By Smoking Mirrors on September 8, 2011 
Smoking Mirrors at his creative best writing about … well you decide what he's writing about America Before Columbus By Rixon Stewart on September 1, 2006 
Could it be that certain powers have a vested interest in keeping our real history under wraps? Because a great deal has been unearthed which is completely at odds with conventional notions regarding the origins of what we know today as America Al Qaeda – The Database By Wayne Madsen on May 15, 2009 
Pierre-Henry Bunel, a former agent for French military intelligence, tells of the origins of Al Qaeda and its ultimate purpose The Man Who Would Be King By Rixon Stewart on April 15, 2008 
Some say that Prince Michael of Albany has a more legitimate claim to the throne of England than the Windsors. Are they right? And why are the Windsors and the mainstream media delberately ignoring him? Back to the Future!!! Part 2 By Rixon Stewart on May 21, 2007 
Given Einstein's endorsement of Hapgood's ideas it is reasonable to ask whether his hypothesis could actually happen again and if so when The 9/11 Solution: The Big Clue Everyone Missed By wmw_admin on July 21, 2008 
Google removed this video but a reader sent in a copy. Watch how the media carefully manipulates coverage of the events of 9/11, as they interview 'experts' who provide the cover story that has gone to make up the standard govt/media version of 9/11 The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part II By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Former City of London insider reveals that the depopulation program would begin with a planned war between Israel and Iran. More importantly, he goes onto to describe how we can derail their plans for global dominance Dov Zakheim and the 9/11 Conspiracy By wmw_admin on April 23, 2010 
Our web hosts were threatened with legal action after lawyers representing none other than Dov Zakheim himself claimed this article was 'defamatory.” Due to an oversight the article was not fully removed so read it before Zakheim gets us shut down

ARTICLE

  Associated Press — Nov 2, 2016 Boeing 777. Click to enlarge 
A FRESH analysis of the final moments of doomed Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 suggests no one was controlling the plane when it plunged into the ocean, according to a report released by investigators. 
As experts hunting for the aircraft gathered in Australia's capital to discuss the fading search effort , a technical report released by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau , which leads the search, seems to support the theory investigators have long favoured: that no one was at the controls of the Boeing 777 when it ran out of fuel and dived at high speed into a remote patch of the Indian Ocean off Western Australia in 2014. #MH370 Report: Search and debris examination update . https://t.co/BpauQTcsRm 
— ATSB (@atsbinfo) November 1, 2016 
It comes as the ABC reports the search for MH370 will be extended north, beyond the 120,000-square kilometre search zone in the Southern Indian Ocean. 
It's believed the search will move on to new areas next year at an estimated cost of $30 million. 
In recent months, critics have increasingly been pushing the alternate theory that someone was still controlling the plane at the end of its flight . If that was the case, the aircraft could have glided much farther, tripling in size the possible area where it could have crashed and further complicating the already hugely complex effort to find it. 
But Wednesday's report shows that the latest analysis of satellite data is consistent with the plane being in a 'high and increasing rate of descent” in its final moments. The report also said an analysis of a wing flap that washed ashore in Tanzania indicates the flap was likely not deployed when it broke off the plane. 
A pilot would typically extend the flaps during a controlled ditching. 
The report also revealed the falling pattern of the aircraft, detailing how it descended in a number of different directions. 
'In an electrical configuration where the loss of engine power from one engine resulted in the loss of autopilot (AP), the aircraft descended in both clockwise and anti-clockwise directions.” 
Peter Foley, the bureau's director of Flight 370 search operations, has previously said that if the flap was not deployed, it would almost certainly rule out the theory that the plane entered the water in a controlled ditch and would effectively validate that searchers are looking in the right place for the wreckage . 
'(It) means the aircraft wasn't configured for a landing or a ditching — you can draw your own conclusions as to whether that means someone was in control,” Foley told reporters in Canberra. 
'You can never be 100 per cent. We are very reluctant to express absolute certainty.”

ARTICLE

  by Jon Rappoport — Jon Rappoport's blog Oct 31, 2016 Vote fraud expert Bev Harris exposes electronic voting machines Okay. She finally did it. On Monday, Bev Harris ( blackboxvoting.org ), the great investigator of vote fraud, appeared on the Alex Jones show and laid it all out . The GEMS vote-fraud system, 'fraction magic,” the way the vote is being stolen. Not just in theory, but in fact. Listen to the whole interview and get the word out. Bev's findings are staggering. Below the video is the original piece I did on this earlier this month. —- High Alert: the election can still be rigged Votes counted as fractions instead of as whole numbers …[A]mazingly, the vote-rigging system it describes has not gotten widespread attention. The system can be used across the entire US. As we know, there are a number of ways to rig an election. Bev Harris, at blackboxvoting.org , is exploring a specific 'cheat sheet” that has vast implications for the Trump vs. Hillary contest. It's a vote-counting system called GEMS. I urge you to dive into her multi-part series, Fraction Magic (Part-1 here ). Here are key Harris quotes. They're all shockers: 'Our testing [of GEMS] shows that one vote can be counted 25 times, another only one one-thousandth of a time, effectively converting some votes to zero.” 'This report summarizes the results of our review of the GEMS election management system, which counts approximately 25 percent of all votes in the United States. The results of this study demonstrate that a fractional vote feature is embedded in each GEMS application which can be used to invisibly, yet radically, alter election outcomes by pre-setting desired vote percentages to redistribute votes. This tampering is not visible to election observers, even if they are standing in the room and watching the computer. Use of the decimalized vote feature is unlikely to be detected by auditing or canvass procedures, and can be applied across large jurisdictions in less than 60 seconds.” 'GEMS vote-counting systems are and have been operated under five trade names: Global Election Systems, Diebold Election Systems, Premier Election Systems, Dominion Voting Systems, and Election Systems & Software, in addition to a number of private regional subcontractors. At the time of this writing, this system is used statewide in Alaska, Connecticut, Georgia, Mississippi, New Hampshire, Utah and Vermont, and for counties in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin and Wyoming. It is also used in Canada.” 'Instead of '1' the vote is allowed to be 1/2, or 1+7/8, or any other value that is not a whole number.” 'Weighting a race [through the use of GEMS] removes the principle of 'one person-one vote' to allow some votes to be counted as less than one or more than one. Regardless of what the real votes are, candidates can receive a set percentage of votes. Results can be controlled. For example, Candidate A can be assigned 44% of the votes, Candidate B 51%, and Candidate C the rest.” 'All evidence that [rigged] fractional values ever existed [in the GEMS system] can be removed instantly even from the underlying database using a setting in the GEMS data tables, in which case even instructing GEMS to show the [rigged] decimals will fail to reveal they were used.” 'Source code: Instructions to treat votes as decimal values instead of whole numbers [i.e., rigging] are inserted multiple times in the GEMS source code itself; thus, this feature cannot have been created by accident.” A contact who, so far, apparently wishes to remain anonymous states the following about the history of the GEMS system: 'The Fractional vote [rigging] portion traces directly to Jeffrey W. Dean , whose wife was primary stockholder of the company that developed GEMS. He ran the company but was prohibited from handling money or checks due to a criminal conviction for computer fraud, for which he spent 4 years in prison. Almost immediately after being released from prison he was granted intimate access to elections data and large government contracts for ballot printing and ballot processing.” I see no effort on the part of the federal government, state governments, or the mainstream press to investigate the GEMS system or respond to Bev Harris' extensive analysis. It's not as if media outlets are unaware of her. From shesource.org, here is an excerpt from her bio : 'Harris has been referred to as 'the godmother' of the election reform movement. (Boston Globe). Vanity Fair magazine credits her with founding the movement to reform electronic voting. Time Magazine calls her book, Black Box Voting , 'the bible' of electronic voting… Harris's investigations have led some to call her the 'Erin Brockovich of elections.' (Salon.com)… Harris has supervised five 'hack demonstrations' in the field, using real voting machines. These have been covered by the Associated Press, the Washington Post, and in formal reports by the United States General Accounting Office…” So far, her analysis of GEMS seems to be labeled 'too hot to handle.” Press outlets prefer to report the slinging of mud from both Presidential candidates' camps. Meanwhile, the actual results of the coming elections—including Congressional races—appear to be up for grabs, depending on who controls GEMS. Update: From what I understand, each state government appoints a 'consultant” to manage GEMS on election night. That person would be capable of rigging the vote. Jon Rappoport The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED , EXIT FROM THE MATRIX , and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29 th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free NoMoreFakeNews emails here or his free OutsideTheRealityMachine emails here .

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 2, 2016 Reuters — Nov 1, 2016 Navy Day in Sevastopol. click to enlarge 
The missile bunkers that dot the verdant hills along Crimea's southern coast are known locally as Object 100. Until recently, tourists paid $50 to visit the crumbling and abandoned former Soviet sites, which served during the Cold War as a defence against naval attack from the Black Sea. 
Now the bunkers are coming back online. After Russia took control of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014, signs went up in the woods around the sites warning visitors against entering a 'forbidden zone of the Russian Ministry of Defence.” A resident of a nearby village who said he was employed at the base last year said Russian soldiers had re-occupied the sites and blocked roads leading into the area. He was unable to say when the Russian soldiers arrived. 
'It is a functioning military base with an anti-ship missile system,” the villager told a Reuters reporter who visited the area in July. 
The bunkers are just one small part of a new Russian programme to militarise the Crimean peninsula. Based on recent site observations by Reuters, accounts from locals, media reports and official Russian data, Moscow has reanimated multiple Soviet-built facilities in the region, built new bases and stationed soldiers there. 
Crimea sits at the southern end of a line of new and refurbished Russian military facilities that stretches north in an arc through western Russia and ends in the country's Baltic outpost of Kaliningrad. 
The military buildup is echoed in NATO countries such as Poland and the Baltic states, where U.S. forces are beefing up patrols and conducting more frequent exercises. 
Spurred by years of growing mutual distrust and in particular the conflict in Ukraine, both Russia and NATO are boosting their military capabilities across eastern Europe, prompting officials such as Polish President Andrzej Duda and Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev to talk of a return to open hostilities. 
'We have, in effect, slid into a new Cold War,” Medvedev told a security conference in Munich in February. 
To be sure, the scale of the military confrontation is not the same. Disarmament deals in the past three decades have lowered the temperature of the nuclear confrontation. Absent too are the hundreds of thousands of troops who were stationed on either side of the Iron Curtain in eastern Europe during the Cold War. But elements of the conventional military standoff are now returning. 
Crimea is one of the starkest examples. In a week touring the region, a Reuters reporter saw 18 sites, including naval bases, radar stations and airfields. Some were entirely new, some were old military sites that had been refurbished, and others were in the process of being refurbished. 
Moscow has made no secret of its buildup in Crimea. But Reuters' observations, combined with the other information, shed light on its scale. 
Britain's Defence Minister Michael Fallon said in September that London was concerned about military buildup in Crimea 'and indeed the militarisation of the Black Sea region generally. Both Bulgaria and Romania feel very threatened.” 
Crimea is now the closest Russian-controlled territory to NATO member Romania, which since May has hosted part of a U.S.-controlled international missile shield. The project is scheduled to become operational in late 2018, when work on a radar installation in Poland – the other main land-based component in the shield – is completed. 
Washington says the shield is designed as a defence against Iranian missile strikes. But Russian President Vladimir Putin says the system and NATO are both threats to Russia's security, and has promised to retaliate. 
Russia's defence ministry did not respond to a request for comment about its activities in Crimea. Nor did the regional government in Crimea. RING OF RADARS 
One part of Russia's expansion programme appears to be an attempt to re-create a chain of radar stations on rocky hilltops around Crimea. These stations offer an ideal vantage point for monitoring the Black Sea, and nearby NATO members Turkey, Bulgaria and Romania. 
One of the stations – a facility with four revolving radars each encased in a large white dome – sits halfway up a mountain near the Crimean seaside town of Feodosiya. Built in Soviet times, the station had been abandoned by the Ukrainian military. 
Now the Russian armed forces have moved in. In July, two green Russian military vehicles with tall antennas were parked beneath the radars. 'There is a military base here, air defence system and missiles,” said a man who lives in a village about 300 metres from the base. 'There are air defence systems on every cape here.” 
Further around the coast, on the outskirts of the port city of Sevastopol, sits another radar station, called 'Dnepr.” Built by Soviet engineers, the station was out of order for years before the Russian annexation. A Reuters reporter saw dozens of soldiers in Russian military uniforms inside the base and guarding the perimeter. 
Behind three lines of perimeter fencing were two structures, each around 300 meters long, with sloping sides partially covered by black metal sheets. The structures match archive images showing the Dnepr radar system. A Russian flag flew from the roof of a building near the two radar structures. 
A sentry said that a nearby lighthouse that used to be a tourist attraction was now part of a military base and off limits to the public. 
Russian newspaper Izvestiya quoted a military source in May as saying Moscow will restore the Dnepr station so it can 'detect launches of ballistic, cruise and hypersonic missiles from the Black Sea and Mediterranean Sea area.” 
The Russian defence ministry did not respond to questions about the radar station. NEW SCHOOLS AND SWIMMING POOLS 
The Russian military buildup seen by Reuters goes beyond what existed in Crimea when it was under the control of Kiev, according to soldiers in Crimea, local residents and Ukrainian accounts of deployments before the annexation. 
At Perevalnoye, a small village at the foot of a mountain not far from Simferopol in the centre of the peninsula, Russia is transforming an abandoned Ukrainian military facility into two new bases. 
Inside the fenced perimeter of one in August, stood two 500-metre-long green hangars into which military vehicles drove. Nearby, trucks rumbled between a huge concrete plant and a construction site that will become a second base. 
According to documents lodged by the defence ministry on the official website for public procurement tenders, one of the two bases will be for coast guards and the other for artillery units. 
The ministry documents, which were lodged from October 2014, indicate the combined projects will include dormitories for more than 1,000 soldiers, residential buildings with more than 300 apartments, an ammunition depot, hangars for more than 500 military vehicles, an artillery range and dining facilities. 
A new school and a kindergarten with a pool, as well as barracks for a military orchestra, are also planned, the documents show. 
The ministry did not respond to questions about the Perevalnoye base. BASES EXPANDING 
Before Russia annexed Crimea, Moscow leased facilities from the Ukrainian state to house its Black Sea fleet, which has been based in Crimea for more than two centuries. Those facilities, mainly around Sevastopol, are now being expanded. 
In one bay on the outskirts of the city, according to procurement documents, the Russian military is building a training centre for navy divers. There will also be a mooring area and an aircraft runway that has been unused for 20 years will be brought back into service. 
From the perimeter fence, a Reuters reporter saw concrete taxiways, large cranes, and work underway to reinforce the shoreline. 
The ministry did not reply to questions about the plans for that site. 
Most of the expansion in Crimea is being carried out by the Russian navy and ground forces. But air capabilities are also being beefed up. 
The former Belbek civilian airport has been turned into a military air base, according to a Reuters reporter who went to the base. The terminal building has been shut and the entrance to the base is now guarded by a Russian marine. 
An Il-76 heavy military transport plane, with the insignia of the Russian air force, was parked on the airfield when Reuters visited. 
Two other military airfields that were abandoned by the Ukrainians are also now in use again by the Russian military. At the Novofyodorovka airfield, in a coastal village to the north of Sevastopol, a Reuters reporter saw half a dozen dark-grey SU-30 fighter jets and light-grey SU-24 frontline bombers. 
At the other recommissioned air base, in Djankoy, 40 km south of the de facto border separating Crimea from Ukrainian-controlled territory, Russian servicemen in blue uniform came and went throughout the day. Seven MI-24 attack helicopters were parked on the airfield. 
'There were just two airplanes here when Ukraine ruled. And look at this place now, you can see much more here,” a young soldier told Reuters at the checkpoint. 
The defence ministry did not respond to questions about the air bases

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on July 27, 2016 Baxter Dmitry — Your News Wire.com July 25, 2016 From left to right: Hillary Clinton and Evelyn de Rothschild, Bill Clinton and Lynn Forester de Rothschild. Click to enlarge 
The Wikileaks classified email dumps have exposed Hillary Clinton for what she really is – a member of the infamous Rothschild family's inner sanctum, with occultist beliefs. 
Lending further credibility to the idea that Presidents are not elected but are selected by a global shadow government, the Wikileaks email dumps expose Hillary Clinton's close relationship with the infamous Rothschild banking family and hints for a potential Rockefeller-State partnership. 
The fact the mainstream media have been exposed colluding with the Clinton campaign cannot come as a surprise, considering she is the Rothschild's selected candidate. 
Lynn Forester de Rothschild wrote an email on April 18, 2010, in which she tells Hillary she would ' love to catch up ” — and ' I remain your loyal adoring pal .” Clinton responds ' let's make that happen ,” and signs her response, ' Much love, H .” 
On September 23, 2010, Clinton emailed Lynn Forester de Rothschild saying, ' I was trying to reach you to tell you and Teddy that I asked Tony Blair to go to Israel as part of our full court press on keeping the Middle East negotiations going … ” 
Rothschild responds, thanking Clinton for ' personally reaching out to us ,” and adds, ' You are the best, and we remain your biggest fans .” 
A January 9, 2012, email discusses a meeting set to take place at Jacob Rothschild's ' historic estate, Waddesdon .” OCCULTIST TIES Bohemian Grove gathering. Click to enlarge 
Hillary Clinton is so deeply entrenched in the elite New World Order establishment that she even bows down to Moloch, the same occultist god they perform human sacrifice rituals for at the annual Bohemian Grove meetings. 
In an email from August 29 2008, a senior government staffer writes to Hillary Clinton, ' With fingers crossed, the old rabbit's foot out of the box in the attic, I will be sacrificing a chicken in the backyard to Moloch . . . ” 
Thanks to the Wikileaks Hillary Clinton Email Archive (containing 30,022 emails, free to search), we now have more concrete proof that Hillary Clinton and other globalist elites have occult ties. Nobody randomly uses Moloch in a conversation. Most people don't even know what Moloch is. Clinton email. Click to enlarge 
But Bohemian Grove, the playground of the world's most wealthy and powerful men, has been performing sacrifice rituals to Moloch since the 1800s, offering charred human flesh according to some reports. 
Given the reputation Bohemian Grove has for deciding the next President of the United States in the year before the election (see former Presidents Eisenhower, Nixon and Reagan, the Bush dynasty, as well as Hillary's husband Bill Clinton), it should come as no surprise that Hillary is wriggling her way into their dark, secretive world 
The Bohemian Grove club might be infamously male only, but temporary exceptions have been made for women before, and as it is apparent the New World Order has decided it is in their interest to ordain Hillary as the next President then they will bend their rules to let her in. 
This explains why the mainstream media – and social media platforms – are working overtime to get Clinton elected. The global elites have spoken and the mainstream media has begun marching to the beat of their drum – supporting their selected candidate, and destroying the chances of anyone they see as a threat to their corrupt, elite club.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 3, 2016 Nick Gutteridge — Daily Express Nov 2, 2016 . 
The area around Stalingrad Metro station was turned into a refugee battleground as rival gangs of migrants set upon each other in shocking scenes of violence. 
Asylum seekers wearing hooded tops wielded makeshift clubs fashioned from lengths of wood which they used to bludgeon each other as horrified pedestrians looked on. 
The blood-curdling brawl erupted just yards from the Stalingrad Metro station, where a squalid migrant camp has popped up following the demolition of the Jungle. 
It was not immediately clear what sparked the early morning fight, but rival gangs of people smugglers have previously been involved in violent brawls in Calais. 
And despite the horrific brawl, a pro-migrant rally is apparently being organised to take place at the camp at 6pm tonight. 
The once peaceful neighbourhood, in Paris' 10th Arrondissement, used to be a popular area with tourists, boasting a lively nightlife scene bustling with restaurants and bars. 
But worried residents have revealed how it has become a no go zone in recent weeks following the establishment of the refugee camp, which has brought squalor and violence. 
Thousands of migrants – mostly from Sudan, Libya, Afghanistan, and Eritrea – have pitched tents under the Metro station after the demolition of the Jungle hampered their attempts to reach Britain. Gangs of migrants armed with clubs and staves prowl the streets of the 10th Arrondissement, Paris, at night. Click to enlarge 
French police have tried and failed on many occasions to clear the squalid squat, but asylum seekers simply keep on returning and reestablishing it. 
There are now nore than 2,500 migrants pitching up in the makeshift camp, with locals saying the eyesore is ruining their businesses and making life a 'living hell”. 
Residents in the once popular district say that the squatters are now becoming increasingly violent and dangerous, with increased reports of muggings. 
Faisal, a shopkeeper, told the French daily Le Figaro that Stalingrad locals are living in fear, threatening the future of his business. 
He said: 'The stench of urine, faeces, and rubbish has made Stalingrad an insalubrious place to live. The place is dead – no-one wants to come here anymore. People are afraid to go out and lock themselves in. 
'I'm making less than €60 (£53) a day. A few more weeks like this and I'll go bust! 
'French people have been kind to them. I know they're desperate, but the least they can do is respect the law and try and integrate into French society.” 
Jeanne, another Stalingrad resident, told Le Figaro the migrants had become increasingly violent towards locals. 
She said: 'Brazen migrants are snatching jewellery and handbags off passers-by – they're even stealing bread. I've seen them beat people up too.” 
Police have raided the camp some 30 times in the past year, and on Monday French president François Hollande vowed to close the camp for good. 
But within 24 hours of a police operation to move migrants on tents had sprung up again, showing the uphill battle authorities in the French capital face to shut down such illegal encampments. 
Furious locals have demanded that the camp be closed once and for all, describing how they have heard 'blood-curdling noises” coming from it in the middle of the night. 
Marie, who lives right next to the makeshift camp, told Le Figaro: 'Life here has become unbearable. More than 2,500 squatters were evacuated in September, and now, less than two months later, they're back. And now that the 'Jungle' camp has been closed, things are about to get even worse.” 
Another local, Monique, said that she was at 'a loss for words” and 'utterly distraught” over the situation. 
She said: 'The streets are littered with rubbish and faeces. We can hear blood-curdling screams coming from the camp in the middle of the night.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 3, 2016 Lizzie Stromme– Daily Express Nov 2, 2016 Police in multicultural Sweden. Click to enlarge 
The Scandinavian country is facing an existential crisis with on average three police officers handing in their resignations a day. 
If the alarming trend continues, and police officers continue to resign more than 1,000 officers will have quit the service by New Years. 
Since the migrant crisis began last summer, Sweden has been hit by a series of brutal crimes and violent incidents . 
In 2015 alone Sweden, with a population of 9.5million, received over 160,000 asylum applications and the country is expected to take as many as 190,000 refugees, or two per cent of the population, by the end of 2016. 
Since the Second World War Sweden has prided itself on helping migrants who cross their borders despite some moves to the political right in recent years. 
But police have now admitted the force has reached breaching point as more than 50 areas in the country have now been placed on a 'no-go zone” list . 
In February a report from Sweden's National Criminal Investigation Service announced there were 52 areas where officers would not cope with the levels of crime being committed . 
Sex assaults , drug dealing and children carrying weapons were just some of the incidents mentioned in the report. 
In September, Swedish officials were forced to add another three areas to the list. 
Now the Police Association have said they need at least 200 new officers to regain control in the south-east of the country. 
Thomas Stjernfeldt, from the region's police association, told SVT : 'We are missing extremely many officers in the operational sector, right now we need 200 more officers to be added to the force to establish a reasonable working environment in the southeast of Götaland.” Cars burn in Rinkeby, an area in Stockholm with a high population of migrants, after 5 nights of rioting in 2013. Click to enlarge 
Götaland is one of the regions in the country that has been hit hard by the car fire attacks, which have been occurring throughout Sweden. 
On Monday, Express.co.uk reported a number of the arsonist attacks in the city of Växjö, in Götaland, had been committed by frustrated migrants . 
Currently there are more than 6,000 suspected crimes that are unsolved in the area and 400 of these cases are suspected to be rapes, murder or attempted murder. 
Mr Stjernfeldt said the figures are alarming and police officers are constantly forced to work overtime in an attempt to solve the reported crimes. 
The Police Association admitted it fears the public will lose faith in the force and their ability to protect citizens if the situation is not resolved. 
The union's call for more resources echoes National Police Commissioner Dan Eliasson's February warning, where he said he needed a further 4,100 officers and specialist staff to reestablish law and order in Sweden.

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Why Isn't NSA Surveillance an Election Issue? Essential Reading The Essene Gospel of Peace I By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Based on texts found in the Vatican library and the Royal Library of the Hapsburg's and dated to the first century AD, the following is considered by some to be the real words of Christ The Oklahoma City Bombing: 30 Unanswered Questions By wmw_admin on July 11, 2003 
Timothy McVeigh may have been tried and executed, but there are still too many unanswered questions about the Oklahoma City Bombing Magic Thermite and the 9/11 Fairytale By Smoking Mirrors on April 15, 2009 
The evidence is in and it's irrefutable: scientists have discovered traces of hi-tech explosives in the WTC debris. Which means the UK/US/Israel will have to stage another event on the scale of 9/11 to counter the brushfire this report will ignite Who Brought the Slaves to America? By wmw_admin on June 30, 2008 
Contrary to what you have been told, it wasn't White Anglo Saxon Protestants (WASP's) who founded and monopolised the slave trade The Essene Gospel of Peace II By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Translated by Purcell Weaver and Edmond Szekely from its original Aramiac, a language that today few know but 2000 years ago was the language that Christ spoke and taught with Have You Read the Talmud Lately? By wmw_admin on September 3, 2006 
The Talmud expounds some of the most virulent racism, as these extracts plainly show. However, as a reader points out not all Jews are influenced by it, or even read it. Only the ultra religious study it, the rest haven't a clue. We leave you to decide London Beheading Hoax Confirmed? By wmw_admin on May 24, 2013 
Was the London beheading a hoax? After Sandy Hook anything is possible and the authors present a very convincing case that it was. Judge for yourself Fake Terrorism: The Road to Dictatorship By wmw_admin on October 10, 2008 
Throughout history 'terrorist” acts have been carefully staged and used to further the power of the ruling elite. In the light of the latest 'terror” plot we repost an old favourite as a reminder The Man Who Would Be King By Rixon Stewart on April 15, 2008 
Some say that Prince Michael of Albany has a more legitimate claim to the throne of England than the Windsors. Are they right? And why are the Windsors and the mainstream media delberately ignoring him?

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 3, 2016 Reports Afrique — Nov 1, 2016 
Iraqi army and popular forces have discovered a number of US-made missiles from a military position of the ISIS (ISIL, IS, Daesh) in the Southern part of Mosul, informed local sources disclosed after the first group of pro-government troops opened their way into Southern Mosul on Monday. 
'Several US-made missiles were found in al-Shoura region to the South of Mosul,” a local source said on Monday. The Iraqi army and popular forces had found US-made missiles in Anbar province several times before. Provincial officials confirmed that the US-made weapons were sent by the US-led anti-ISIL coalition airplane for the ISIL terrorists in Anbar province. 
Meantime, Iraqi security officials announced that the ISIL has sent US-made military equipment to Tal Afar region in the last two days to stand strong against Iraqi popular forces' impending attack to capture the region. 
'The ISIL terrorists have sent US-made TOW anti-tank missiles to Tal Afar and it is quite evident that they are preparing for a long-term war,” the Arabic-language media quoted an Iraqi security official as saying on Monday. 
In late August 2015, a senior Iraqi intelligence official revealed that the US helicopters drop weapons and other aids for the ISIL terrorists in the Western province of al-Anbar. 
'The fighters present at the forefront of fighting against the ISIL always see US helicopters flying over the ISIL-controlled areas and dropping weapons and urgent aids for them,” the official who called for anonymity told FNA. 
Yet, he said the helicopters could have also been sent from Turkey or Israel. 
He added that in addition to dropping aids, the helicopters transfer the ISIL ringleaders and wounded members from the battleground to some hospitals in Syria or other countries which support the terrorist group. 
The official cautioned that such assistance further prolongs the conflicts in Anbar, adding that when the Iraqi army and popular forces purge the terrorists from Anbar province, the US helicopters will transfer the ISIL ringleaders to other regions to prevent the Iraqi forces' access to ISIL secrets. 
Also in March 2015, a group of Iraqi popular forces known as Al-Hashad Al-Shabi shot down the US Army helicopter that was carrying weapons for the ISIL in the Western parts of Al-Baghdadi region in Al-Anbar province. 
Meantime in February 2015, a senior lawmaker disclosed that Iraq's army had shot down two British planes as they were carrying weapons for the ISIL terrorists in Al-Anbar province. 
'The Iraqi Parliament's National Security and Defense Committee has access to the photos of both planes that are British and have crashed while they were carrying weapons for the ISIL,” al-Zameli said.

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / SU 35 Vs F 35 Unbiased Detailed Comparison: Top 5 Facts Essential Reading Have You Read the Talmud Lately? By wmw_admin on September 3, 2006 
The Talmud expounds some of the most virulent racism, as these extracts plainly show. However, as a reader points out not all Jews are influenced by it, or even read it. Only the ultra religious study it, the rest haven't a clue. We leave you to decide The Liberation of the Camps By wmw_admin on January 27, 2016 
It is tantamount to virtual heresy to question the 'Holocaust' today. But did the extermination of 6 million really happen as we've been taught? The Lady, The Queen and what it really means By wmw_admin on December 28, 2009 
Every picture tells a story and with some photos and a few words Paul Powers shows us what was hidden in the background when Queen Elizabeth II met pop sensation Lady Gaga The Man Who Would Be King By Rixon Stewart on April 15, 2008 
Some say that Prince Michael of Albany has a more legitimate claim to the throne of England than the Windsors. Are they right? And why are the Windsors and the mainstream media delberately ignoring him? Affidavit of Richard Tomlinson By wmw_admin on February 14, 2008 
'I firmly believe that there exist documents held by the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) that would yield important new evidence into the cause and circumstances leading to the death of the Princess of Wales.” General Ivashov: 'International terrorism does not exist” By wmw_admin on February 24, 2007 
Gen. Leonid Ivashov was Chief of Staff of Russian armed forces when the 9/11 attacks took place, but he says, they weren't carried out by Osama or al-Qaeeda. The most likely culprits, says the General, were transnational mafias and international oligarchs Worlds Before Our Own 2 By Rixon Stewart on September 1, 2006 
Housed in a warehouse in Ica, Peru, is a collection of ancient stone tablets which carry pictures portraying advanced medical practice. They open a Pandora's box of questions and challenge everything we have been taught about our past The 'Six Million” Myth By wmw_admin on April 16, 2011 
Long before it became a crime in some countries to question the Holocaust, in fact before it is even supposed to have happened, Zionists were invoking the figure of 'Six Million” and talking of a sacrifice for Israel Who Brought the Slaves to America? By wmw_admin on June 30, 2008 
Contrary to what you have been told, it wasn't White Anglo Saxon Protestants (WASP's) who founded and monopolised the slave trade The true inside facts about the 7/7 London bombings By wmw_admin on January 21, 2008 
What this website has long suspected has been confirmed. James Casbolt, himself a former MI6 operative, gets the inside story from a disaffected member of British Intelligence on who was really behind the 7/7 bombings and why

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 3, 2016 The Saker — The Saker.is Nov 3, 2016 Last May I wrote an article entitled Counter-propaganda, Russian style in which I explained that far from banning or censoring the western anti-Putin/anti-Russia campaign, the Russia media reported about it in meticulous detail. Half a year later, not only is this still true, but the level of coverage has now sharply increased. Check out this screenshot from the latest (and most watched) weekly news show: Putin bashing reported on Russian TV. Click to enlarge Remember that roughly 80% plus of the audience watching this are strong supporters of President Putin. You can imagine what they think when they see these reports. The fully understand that the West hates Putin so much precisely because Putin is one of them, a real Russian who cares for the interests of the Russian people. So when the West demonizes Putin, it is really all the Russian people who are demonized and their conclusion is simple: the West does not hate Putin, the West hates *us*. As for 'Blame it on Putin” – it has now become a real joke. One of the main effects of this kind of demonization is that the Russian public fully understands that there is no way back. In practical terms, most Russians believe that even if Russia pulled out of Syria, stopped supporting the Donbass or even decided to hand Crimea to the Ukies, the West would still continue to demonize Russia and try to subdue her . Furthermore, the Russians remember that the only time when the West liked Russia was when she was run by the drunken Eltsin and his coterie of Jewish oligarchs who pillaged Russia and whose reign had consequences similar to what a major war would result in. Any other Russia is simply unacceptable to the AngloZionist Empire. Seen in this light, the alliance of the West with both the Nazis in Kiev and the 'moderate terrorists” in the Middle-East makes sense. This is not fundamentally different from the European's alliance with the Ottomans during the Crimean War or the USA supported Japan against Russia in 1905 (only to then end up fighting against Japan a few years later). As long as X is anti-Russian, the West support X. It's that primitive and that stupid. The Ukronazi regime in Kiev has understood that it has only one 'commodity” left which it can sell to the West: its rabid russophobia. And since they are desperate, they make desperate and, frankly, comical efforts. Check out the new symbol of the Ukie military intelligence service: The Ukies point a dagger at the heart of Russia. Click to enlarge I don't think I have ever seen the Ukie inferiority complex better illustrated. The Latin sentence ' Sapiens Dominabitur Astra ” ('the wise will rule the stars”) is a nice touch as it combines a non-cyrillic (Latin) alphabet, a reference to European astrology in the Middle Ages and a typically Ukrainian (cosmic) megalomania. Yet another proof, if needed, that all the Ukraine is is an 'anti-Russia”. Make no mistake though, there is absolutely no fear of the West in Russia. Most Russians believe that the Russian armed forces are more than enough to keep West in check. And they are quite correct. But there is this acute awareness that were in not for the Russian military, Russia would be treated just like Iraq. In the meantime, the Russia media is gleefully feeding the Russian public every bit of russophobic propaganda produced in the West. Future generations will probably study this period and wonder at the absolutely mind-boggling stupidity of a western propaganda machine which is apparently completely oblivious at the impact of its propaganda on a nuclear superpower. The Saker

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Bishop Williamson on Putin, Putin's Meeting with Pope Francis, and the Fr. Gruner-Russian Meeting Essential Reading Soros/CIA Plan to Destabilize Europe By Wayne Madsen on September 28, 2015 
The same forces that orchestrated the various 'colour revolutions' and the 'Arab Spring' are behind Europe's migrant crisis. Wayne Madsen explains The Essene Gospel of Peace II By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Translated by Purcell Weaver and Edmond Szekely from its original Aramiac, a language that today few know but 2000 years ago was the language that Christ spoke and taught with In 'Eisenhower's Death Camps': A U.S. Prison Guard's Story By wmw_admin on May 4, 2007 
In Andernach about 50,000 prisoners of all ages were held in an open field surrounded by barbed wire. The men I guarded had no shelter and no blankets; many had no coats. They slept in the mud, wet and cold, with inadequate slit trenches for excrement. The Illuminati Chronicles Part II By wmw_admin on November 28, 2007 
A Short History of the New World Order Part II By cyberpatriot@hotmail.com Aug. 10, 1973 – David Rockefeller writes an article for the 'New York Times” describing his recent visit to Red China: 'Whatever the price of the Chinese Revolution, it has obviously succeeded not only in producing more efficient and dedicated administration, but also […] The Advent of the Anti-Christ By Rixon Stewart on August 2, 2010 
A few words on the market meltdown and how it may assist the debut of a truly sinister figure Dov Zakheim 9/11 Mastermind Video By wmw_admin on May 15, 2010 
Using legal injunctions, Dov Zakheim's lawyers forced this website to remove an article we posted with the same title; which tells us he may have something to hide. Seems like others also think so as this video indicates. Watch it while you still can Holocaust, Hate Speech & Were the Germans so Stupid? – Updated By wmw_admin on March 23, 2011 
The brilliant examination of the 'Holocaust' by Anthony Lawson has since been censored on the basis of a false Copyright infrigment. But as Lawson explains, this just another attempt to stiffle freedom of expression

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Confessed Clinton-hit man, Larry Nichols: 'HILLARY MUST BE STOPPED”! Essential Reading Before and after the 'Holocaust”: Jewish population numbers in 1933 and 1948 By wmw_admin on November 30, 2013 
During the time Hitler was supposed to have killed six million Jews — between 1933 and 1948 — the world's Jewish population actually increased from 15,315,000 to 15,753,000 Two Minutes to Midnight By Rixon Stewart on October 21, 2009 
The clock is ticking toward war, domestic clampdown and the long foretold appearance of a 'dark messiah”. And guess what? We think we've spotted him The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part II By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Former City of London insider reveals that the depopulation program would begin with a planned war between Israel and Iran. More importantly, he goes onto to describe how we can derail their plans for global dominance 'Dark Forces” By Rixon Stewart on January 23, 2008 
There are few real accidents in history and the version we see in the history books, may have happened entirely differently in reality. A prime example being the murder of Rasputin nearly 100 years ago The Advent of the Anti-Christ II By Rixon Stewart on August 6, 2010 
If or more likely when war erupts with Iran it will herald the appearance of an ominous figure long foretold. And guess what? We think we've spotted him

ARTICLE

By Nick Kollerstrom on November 4, 2016 Terror on the Tube — Nov 3, 2016 This just keeps getting better and better. Are we are ready for IMPACT on 9/11? It will be unforgettable. Yes this is a 9/11 date – 9 th November, when the results come out. The world will change. November: NYPD BLOWS WHISTLE ON HILLARY EMAILS: CHILD SEX CRIMES & EXPLOITATION https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLAe3UeddUI The FBI is investigating a huge Clinton DC sex network, according to insider claims. The NYPD may have evidence 'to put Hillary Clinton and her crew away for life.' Clinton herself and associates are linked to money laundering, sex crimes with minors including children, obstruction of justice & perjury – for a start! The Clinton Foundation has now been connected to a massive child-trafficing and sex ring operating within Washington DC. Having it all come out six days before the election, does that not look like Divine Providence? Top NYPD officer: what's in the emails is staggering and it turned my stomach. There is not going to be any Houdini-like escape. New York police are so angry and fed up about this, that there is no possibility of the FBI backing down on either of the TWO ONGOING INVESTIGATIONS they now have on Hillary Clinton. More here: http://www.abeldanger.net/2016/11/nypd-hillary-clinton-child-sex-scandal.html#more NYPD sources say, files on Weiner's newly found laptop which he shared with his wife Huma Abedin, show evidence of a political pedophile ring operating within Washington, involving members of Congress as well as numerous top Clinton aides and insiders. According to reports , a folder on Weiner's laptop named 'life insurance” contains explicit evidence that both Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin helped run and cover-up a Washington pedophile sex ring. And this is coming out on Fox News! – This case is 'not going to go away any time soon' and will likely lead to 'an indightment.' Media hacks in all the Western media have been supporting Hillary, and how do they feel now? ONLY ONE US newspaper has supported Trump, and how do all the others feel now? Media hacks see Trump getting tens of thousands of people turning out to hear him, while Hillary whom they support can barely get a hundred, indeed she can't even show up now because of the angry voices – do they realise how wrong they's been? The Clinton crime family seem to be making plans to flee the country and may have transferred 1.8 billion dollars from the Clinton Foundation to Quater Central Bank https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNdaFFcnpfY – Quatar does not have an extradition treaty with the US so they'd be 'safe from Trump' therere. Governor of South Carolina says she has changed her mind, will support Trump https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNdaFFcnpfY All five of Hillary's closest people are currently under investigation. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3889994/Influence-peddling-acting-Putin-s-ally-hiding-classified-secrets-sexting-FIVE-separate-FBI-cases-probing-virtually-one-Clinton-s-inner-circle-families.html Hillary cancels public appearance due to a large crown chanting 'Lock her up!' (Pompano Beach Ampitheatre, November 1st.) To remind ourselves, this is has been a campaign of one man, scoffed, vilified and ridiculed by the entire Western media, against the establishment. If you need reminding of how any positive coverage of his campaign has been forbidden, watch this. During a visit to Detroit, he was blessed and given a prayer shawl by a black Bishop. Listen to how, during this wonderful ceremony, Reuters orders to cut the filming!

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Something Strange Happened After Bombing In Iraq – Fake, Staged, Hoax Essential Reading Holocaust, Hate Speech & Were the Germans so Stupid? – Updated By wmw_admin on March 23, 2011 
The brilliant examination of the 'Holocaust' by Anthony Lawson has since been censored on the basis of a false Copyright infrigment. But as Lawson explains, this just another attempt to stiffle freedom of expression The Origins of Modern Banking By wmw_admin on January 2, 2004 
It was Thomas Jefferson who said, 'banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies”. And as Kieron McFadden reveals, he was not being alarmist Soros/CIA Plan to Destabilize Europe By Wayne Madsen on September 28, 2015 
The same forces that orchestrated the various 'colour revolutions' and the 'Arab Spring' are behind Europe's migrant crisis. Wayne Madsen explains America Before Columbus By Rixon Stewart on September 1, 2006 
Could it be that certain powers have a vested interest in keeping our real history under wraps? Because a great deal has been unearthed which is completely at odds with conventional notions regarding the origins of what we know today as America 'WIPED OFF THE MAP”– The Rumor of the Century By wmw_admin on January 21, 2008 
How President Ahmadinejad's words were mistranslated and deliberately distorted. So that the term 'wiped off the map” has now become synonymous with the Iranian leader's attitude to Israel – even though he never uttered those words Does God Play Dice with the Universe? By Rixon Stewart on December 1, 2003 
Research into particle physics is revealing a world full of almost magical qualities. Could it be that this mysterious, puzzling world is in fact the world of the spirit – the spiritual world that saints and mystics throughout history have sought to explo Who Are The Illuminati? By wmw_admin on April 24, 2004 
Conspiracy theory is now an accepted turn of phrase but sometimes one hears the expression, sometimes whispered rather than spoken. 'The Illuminati”. David Cole at Auschwitz By wmw_admin on October 7, 2006 
Now directly linked, a must see video. Watch as a young Jew demolishes the standard notion of the Holocaust, highlighting its contradictions and flaws with logic and clarity. An hour long video of absolutely essential viewing Coming Clean By wmw_admin on April 29, 2004 
Chemtrails are not the product of some 'Conspiracy Theory'. They are real. We get the low down from an aircraft mechanic who has done his own investigating Who's That Man? By Rixon Stewart on January 21, 2008 
It's Saddam Hussein of course. Or so western media and Coalition authorities would have us believe. But was the man sentenced and supposedly executed in Baghdad really Saddam Hussein?

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 4, 2016 Patrick Cockburn — The Unz Review Nov 2, 2016 The Iraqi Army is moving on Mosul from the south. Click to enlarge 
Iraq and Turkey are threatening to go to war with each other over who should hold power in Mosul and the surrounding region after the defeat of Isis . Turkish tanks and artillery have deployed along the border and Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has said that while Iraq 'did not want war with Turkey” it is ready to fight one if necessary. 
The confrontation is sharpening as the Iraqi Army enters eastern Mosul and Shia militia known as the Hashd al-Shaabi advance towards the town of Tal Afar, threatening to cut Isis's last escape route from Mosul to Syria . Turkey sees itself as the protector of the Sunni Arabs of Mosul and northern Iraq, a community left vulnerable by the likely defeat of Isis by Shia and Kurdish forces backed by US-led airpower. 
The dependence of the anti-Isis forces on air strikes and drones was underlined on Wednesday when Iraqi Special Forces delayed their advance into east Mosul because high humidity and clouds made it difficult for aircraft to identify and attack targets on the ground. They had entered the industrial suburb of Gogjali on Tuesday and were Wednesday going from house to house looking for Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) and booby traps. 
The population of Mosul east of the Tigris River, which divides the city in half, has in the past consisted largely of well-educated professional people such as doctors and engineers, few of whom are likely to be sympathetic to Isis. Residents in the east say they expected Isis to withdraw to the western side of Mosul, which is more sympathetic to them, crossing the five bridges spanning the Tigris which, the residents say, have been rigged with demolition charges. 
The Iraqi government reacted angrily to the possibility of Turkish intervention. 'The invasion of Iraq will lead to Turkey being dismantled,” said Mr Abadi at a news conference in Baghdad on Tuesday. 'We do not want war with Turkey, and we do not want a confrontation with Turkey, but if a confrontation happens, we are ready for it.” He added that Iraq would consider Turkey as an enemy and would deal with it as an enemy. 
The exchange of abuse between Ankara and Baghdad continued on Wednesday when Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu denounced Mr Abadi as 'weak”, asking: 'If you have the strength, why did you surrender Mosul to terror organisations? If you are so strong, why has the PKK occupied your lands for years?” Earlier Turkey's deputy prime minister Numan Kurtulmus had tried to lower the temperature by saying that the military build-up was a precaution and not a threat. 
Iraqi leaders in Baghdad have long privately blamed Turkey for aiding or tolerating al-Qaeda-type movements like Isis which operated in Iraq, but the ill-will is now becoming more public on both sides. On 11 October President Recep Tayyip Erdogan launched a furious tirade against Mr Abadi, saying: 'He insults me. You are not on the same level as me! You are not my equal! Scream all you want from Iraq! It will not change anything! We will do what we want to do.” On 23 October, Mr Erdogan further raised the stakes by asserting Mosul has historically belonged to Turkey and it should therefore play a role in determining its future. 
Turkey already has 700 troops at a base in Bashiqa, north of Mosul, and has been training a Sunni Arab militia force of former policemen from Mosul numbering about 2,500. This force is probably not big enough to make Turkey a player in the struggle for the city and political observers in Irbil believe Turkey will not intervene militarily. But this could change if the Hashd attack Tal Afar, whose Turkman population is about 80 per cent Sunni and which is the home town of many Isis commanders, judges and religious police. Turkey would also be energised if the PKK was visibly benefiting from developments in and around Mosul. Another more cynical interpretation of Turkey's focus on Mosul is that it is to divert attention from its muted response to the Syrian and Russian assault on East Aleppo. 
The fall of Mosul is likely to give birth to a series of crises because the province of Nineveh, of which it is the capital, is a mosaic of warring sects and ethnic groups. After years of war these are divided by deep hatreds, with Yazidis, Kurds and Christians all accusing their Sunni Arab neighbours of complicity in Isis massacres. In Nineveh Plain most of the Sunni Arabs have fled into Mosul city fearing revenge from returning Christians and the Shabak minority who are largely Shia. 
Revenge is taking place within sectarian and ethnic groups, some of whom joined Isis while others fought it. Amnesty International says that pro-Iraqi government Sunni tribal fighters taking part in the Mosul operation are carrying out revenge attacks on men and boys in 'liberated” areas suspected of belonging to Isis. Fighters from the Sabawi tribe, originally from Mosul, are said by Amnesty to have illegally detained civilians, beaten them with metal rods, given them electric shocks and tied some of them to the bonnets of vehicles and paraded them through the streets while others were placed in cages, according to interviews with local officials and eyewitnesses. Many people displaced from Mosul and surrounding towns and villages say they will not return home until security is restored and this is still a long way off.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 4, 2016 '… And Someone's Bones”– Milton William Cooper ( Behold a Pale Horse ) — Oct 15, 2016 
A few weeks ago, some media outlets reported a story about a Chinese man, Yang Qingpei, who brutally killed his parents over a domestic financial dispute, and then murdered seventeen additional people in his home village in a failed attempt to conceal the crime . Due to China's strict gun control policies, he hacked his victims to pieces with a machete. China's Xinhua state news agency has yet to release a complete list of victims, but our source within the secretive nation obtained shocking information that eviscerates the official story and proves that the nineteen murders were indeed committed to conceal a hidden motive. But it had nothing to do with a financial dispute. It had everything to do with silencing a potential Nibiru whistle-blower. 
One victim was Kum Hia Nao, a research assistant at the Chinese National Astronomical Observatory, part of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. According to usually reliable sources, Nao had worked at the country's Five Hundred Meter Aperture Spherical Telescope (FAST,) and had been reprimanded twice for making inquiries about Nibiru, said to be a brown dwarf with seven orbiting planets on a near-collision course with Earth. Conflicting reports make it difficult to determine exactly when Nao learned about Nibiru, either before or after being assigned to the observatory. Regardless, he was courageous enough to discuss a taboo subject in a country that routinely executes citizens for speaking out of line. His superiors obviously noticed his rebellious behavior, because, if all information is accurate, they concocted an elaborate plan to end his life and hide the motive for the crime. Unconfirmed reports, supported by two credible witnesses, place Barrack Hussein Obama and newly elected Nibiru Czar Victoria Newland at the observatory sometime during Obama's recent trip to China, where he attended the G20 summit. 
On September 27, Nao visited his grandparents at a remote village in southwest China's Yunnan Province. He had previously filed a 'vacation report' with his employer, detailing his travel times and locations, pinpointing exactly where he would be located. 
'They could easily track his movements,” our source said. Many people in China are compelled to file a detailed report prior to taking a leave of absence from work. The slightest deviation has dire consequences. So if you file a report, you stick to it, like glue. Kum Hia Nao never stood a chance against anyone who wished to end his life.” 
The attacks happened on September 30. Nao and his grandparents were enjoying a quite dinner of rice and minced meat when Yang Qingpei burst into the hovel and one by one slaughtered them with a machete, the assassin's sixth, seventh, and eighth victims of the night. Yang Qingpei went on to kill an additional seven people in a calculated, murderous rampage that stunned a nation. 
'Qingpei was no ordinary citizen,” our source said. 'He was a highly skilled, highly trailed killer. What are the odds of an untrained person, armed only with a knife, killing nineteen people, many of whom were physically larger and stronger than he appeared.” 
Yang Qingpei, it turns out, served four years in The People's Liberation Army Special Forces. He was also an expert in Kung-Fu. Fitting the puzzle pieces together, the logical conclusion is that he was contracted to carry out the brutal murders. He probably had no idea one his victims was a Nibiru scientist. 
'It's highly unlikely they told him anything about his victims,” our source said. 'They probably said kill your parents, say it was over money, confess to it, we'll get you off the hook, and you'll be handsomely rewarded down the line. They gave him a list of people to kill, along with some random victims, and, sadly, Kum Hia Nao's name was on that list.” 
This demonstrates that the United States is not the only country to silence, discredit, or murder potential whistle-blowers, and that, with the exception of Vladimir Putin and Fidel Castro, world leaders will try to prevent Nibiru disclosure, at any cost.

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Ken Adachi – Why Trump Will Win Essential Reading 'WIPED OFF THE MAP”– The Rumor of the Century By wmw_admin on January 21, 2008 
How President Ahmadinejad's words were mistranslated and deliberately distorted. So that the term 'wiped off the map” has now become synonymous with the Iranian leader's attitude to Israel – even though he never uttered those words 9/11 and Zion: What Was Israel's Role? By Nick Kollerstrom on August 31, 2012 
When Netanyahu said the very next day, 'This is very good for Israel”, he wasn't just blurting out something indiscreet, he was publicly congratulating the various agents who had worked so hard The 'Six Million” Myth By wmw_admin on April 16, 2011 
Long before it became a crime in some countries to question the Holocaust, in fact before it is even supposed to have happened, Zionists were invoking the figure of 'Six Million” and talking of a sacrifice for Israel Juri Lina – In the Shadow of Hermes By wmw_admin on July 15, 2011 
Fixed and a 'must see” for all serious students of REAL history. This outstanding video from the author of 'Under the Sign of Scorpio” challenges many modern myths. With English subtitles Back to the Future!!! Part 1 By wmw_admin on May 21, 2007 
Geological evidence points to an cataclysmic event that almost defies comprehension. The problem is that it may just happen again … and soon too. Affidavit of Richard Tomlinson By wmw_admin on February 14, 2008 
'I firmly believe that there exist documents held by the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) that would yield important new evidence into the cause and circumstances leading to the death of the Princess of Wales.” Who Really Murdered Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman? By wmw_admin on February 28, 2015 
Revelations that a US soldier was the killer would have jeopardised public support for the 'War on Terror”. Hence a frame-up was required. A Joe Vialls classic recovered.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 4, 2016 Zoie O'Brien — express.co.uk Nov 4, 2016 
The democratic presidential candidate who will go toe-to-toe with billionaire Donald Trump for the White House next week has been at the centre of email controversy for many months. 
Just weeks ahead of the US elections on November 9, the FBI revealed it would re-investigate the content of the correspondence. 
Now Mr Assange, who is holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London to avoid extradition to the US, said the most damning email yet is about to come out. 
In an interview with veteran journalist John Pilger, for Russia Today, Assange said the Saudi Government funds both ISIS and Clinton's foundation. 
He said: 'There's an early 2014 email, from very early on, so not so long after she left secretary of state to her campaign manager John Podesta. 
'It states that ISIS is funded by Saudi Arabia and Qatar – the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. 
'I think this is the most significant email in the whole collection.” 
Mr Pilger, author of Distant Voices and Tell Me No Lies and owner of Dartmouth Films, asked whether this meant the same people who funded ISIS were funding Hillary Clinton. 
Assange simply replied 'yes”. 
He told Dartmouth Films: 'All serious analysts know, and even the US government has agreed, that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIS and funding ISIS, but the dodge has always been that it is some 'rogue' princes using their oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. 
'But that email says that it is the government of Saudi Arabia, and the government of Qatar that have been funding ISIS.” 
Julian Assange accuses Hillary Clinton of misleading Americans about the true scope of Islamic State's support from Washington's Middle East allies 
In one year WikiLeaks has released three sets of emails from the Clinton camp – drawing criticism of Assange. 
When asks by Mr Pilger if he was 'trying to get Trump in the White House” Assange denied it. 
However, he said Clinton would win the vote. 
He said: 'Trump would not be permitted to win. Because he has had every establishment off his side. Trump does not have one establishment 
'Banks, intelligence, arms companies.. foreign money etc.. is all united behind Hillary Clinton, and the media as well. 
'Media owners and even journalists themselves.” 
Russia Today released a teaser from the interview which sees Mr Pilger asking if while Mrs Clinton was secretary of state, the State Department was approving massive arms sales, while the Clinton Foundation was also receiving money from them 
Assange replied: 'Under Hillary Clinton – and the Clinton emails reveal a significant discussion of it – the biggest-ever arms deal in the world was made with Saudi Arabia: more than $80 billion. 
'During her tenure, the total arms exports from the US doubled in dollar value.”

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / What A Hillary Presidency Would Bring Essential Reading Untold Truths About the Planned War on Iran By wmw_admin on April 9, 2013 
Dynamite documentary: Press TV talks to former White House insider Gwenyth Todd about the push for war with Iran. She has subsequently escaped to Australia to avoid FBI prosecution. Essential viewing Inside 9/11: Hijacking the Air Defense By wmw_admin on August 13, 2011 
Why did U.S. air defense fail so spectacularly on 9/11? As this video explains, it was likely due to one man and he wasn't sitting in a Afghan mountain cave Who Are The Illuminati? By wmw_admin on April 24, 2004 
Conspiracy theory is now an accepted turn of phrase but sometimes one hears the expression, sometimes whispered rather than spoken. 'The Illuminati”. 9/11 and Zion: What Was Israel's Role? By Nick Kollerstrom on August 31, 2012 
When Netanyahu said the very next day, 'This is very good for Israel”, he wasn't just blurting out something indiscreet, he was publicly congratulating the various agents who had worked so hard The Essene Gospel of Peace I By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Based on texts found in the Vatican library and the Royal Library of the Hapsburg's and dated to the first century AD, the following is considered by some to be the real words of Christ The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part II By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Former City of London insider reveals that the depopulation program would begin with a planned war between Israel and Iran. More importantly, he goes onto to describe how we can derail their plans for global dominance London Beheading Hoax Confirmed? By wmw_admin on May 24, 2013 
Was the London beheading a hoax? After Sandy Hook anything is possible and the authors present a very convincing case that it was. Judge for yourself

ARTICLE

By Les Visible on November 4, 2016 Visible Origami — Nov 4, 2016 Dog Poet Transmitting……. Welcome to Origami my dear friends. This is the number 779 posting at this blog. I don't know what that means but it's a lot of posts. We hope that some of them will have been of value to you. We like to talk about Love a great deal here. We spent decades studying in the Hermetic and Occult Sciences where abstruse concepts and complex schematics are the general nature of the various systems that exist in these areas of inquiry. I used to have some facility with them. I could talk about them in a knowledgeable way. Whether I actually had any real and useful knowledge is another thing. At least I could talk about these subjects as if I knew what I was talking about. Time went by and it became more and more apparent to me that knowing a great deal about certain subjects did not necessarily convey a power of operation in them. I studied palmistry for some time. I knew what all the lines and mounts, digits and bracelets and sundry meant. I knew which hand meant whatever it meant in relation to the other hand but… what I did not have was the single most important element. I did not have the intuitive feed. I studied the Tarot and esoteric astrology and various systems of mind control that hearkened back to earlier times. I studied a lot of things because I had a real thirst for arcane information but I lacked the intuitive feel in all of them except esoteric astrology and in the matter of the Tarot I did have some amount of facility in the areas where fortune telling was not a consideration. I always felt that using the Tarot for fortune telling was unfortunate behavior. Not only did it make you dependent on a method that, except in very rare circumstances, proved to be both deceptive and inefficient but… why seek to read the future when you could change the future? Meditation on the Tarot archetypes will transform your mental state and the very construction of it. This meditation will awaken the archetypes in you so that they resonate in your being with the world external to you. This doesn't mean difficult conditions will not come upon you. What it means is that you will be on a shorter and faster track to illumination of some kind; we won't be going into that today. I studied and I studied and I studied and I learned to parse and debate and state, within the parameters of the science and even in a comparative sense with other sciences but I didn't know anything of value in the sense that I could apply what I had learned to real time accomplishments and achievements in the manifest in a supernatural manner. Sure, this kind of thing happens on a regular basis in my life but not because I have anything to do with it. All of this takes me back to the words of The Preacher in Ecclesiastes; 'vanity, all is vanity,” and 'there is nothing new under the sun.” It has taken me more years than I wish it had, to learn that only Love is worth the pursuit of it and the Love of the Ineffable is the greatest Love of all. Nothing that I have learned in all of the mystery sciences is the equal of this understanding, nor do any of them have anywhere near the value of it. Here is what I have learned, Love God. I am not speaking in a religions sense because in these times you can't swing a dead cat in a condo closet without hitting a false prophet. False prophets come in all sizes. They are not all the equal of the Anti-Christ, whoever that might be, like The Pasto and the Anti-Pasto. A false prophet is anyone who manipulates the emotional and mental bodies of their fellows for personal gain, even if that gain is only influence, influence of this kind usually transforms into personal profit on some level. It might be material gain. It might be sexual favors. It might be psychopathic gratification of some kind and it can take place in a small country church just as easily as in a mega church or a massive television ministry. The Aquarian Age is upon us and as a result, all of the long entrenched and much- changed over time- religions are on their way out. The collective faith of humanity is being shaken to its roots and the old ways are passing away. This does not mean that the true teachings of the true teachers will pass away but they will be presented in a new light that is relative to the needs of a new age. The Aquarian Age is supposed to be The Age of Brotherhood and that tells me that the avatar will appear in the collective human heart, where a place has been prepared for it. It will not appear where the false self is occupying the space necessary for the indwelling divine to reside. One does not need to be a follower or practitioner of any particular dogma or form of ritual. One needs only to Love the divine who is one's own higher self and the reason for this is that that higher self will draw our true self up into its aura of influence, or rather reveal itself to is as our true self. We are all divinity in the process of discovery and unfoldment and Love is the means and the mechanism that can accomplish this. As we reject and expel all of what is false and extraneous in ourselves, we make room for the indwelling divine. Once we have driven all of it out of ourselves, the divine will come forth in our hearts and reign over all things from the throne room within. I have no further use or need for occult information. I am not in the market for anything that is on the market. I can be very glib about some of these things because of a very good memory and an analytic mind that has not lost its objectivity and which doesn't play favorites in terms of what I want people to think, that is their area of authority and has nothing to do with me but… all the glibness and capacity for articulation in the world is not going to serve the deeper needs of humanity. It might gain you followers and it might get you on some talk circuit and book signing tours and you can lecture to your heart's content at New Age conventions and seminars and you'll just be one more Tom Fool among all the rest of the Gleem smiling androids, who pander to the gullible the world over. It will, guaranteed, also get you in the kind of trouble for which I will run long distances to avoid. Put yourself on a pedestal or allow others to do it for you and you might as well paint a target on your back at the same time. The divine and his angels and emissaries see all of this. They see every montebank and charlatan. They see into every sincere and corrupt heart and judgments are passed concerning what phases and states you will be taken through to wake you the Hell up. I would prefer to sidestep the hard massage of Karma upon my being. Love the ineffable and everything else will take care of itself. Love the ineffable with all the intensity that you can muster and your intensity will grow and grow; 'success is speedy for the energetic.” God is watching. We need to get into a fluid and continuous mindset of certitude concerning this. We need to remind ourselves through every day that God is watching. God is looking at the world through our very own eyes. We may have convinced ourselves that we alone are seeing and that we alone have access to our mind and heart but this is assuredly not the case. God is everywhere, after one fashion or another. When one has brought their heart and mind to the assurance of the endless presence of God in our being and all around us and yet magically and mystically apart as well, then we will begin to resonate with that ubiquitous presence and it will move through us in an active expression of itself. There was a saint, named St Denis , who is the patron saint of Paris. They cut off his head and he picked it up and put it under his arm and walked off with it. Do I believe this happened in the exact details given? I don't know. What I do know is that there have been many similar stories. One similar is to be found in Autobiography of a Yogi. Look into the tales that are recorded concerning Appolonius of Tyana (the links will take you to a fuller study of his life) and many, many another unusual character, who has walked among us here over the ages. Some of them had a vast reservoir of occult knowledge and some of them were in possession of divine Love. Some had both. I would prefer to be one of those who carries the love of God in my heart and I want for nothing more. I don't need to know all of these complexities and these complexities go on and on forever. There are just so many of them. If you have ever looked into Tantra then you have some idea of how intricate the complexities can be. I am not equal to the possession of such information. As fine a mind as I have I am a simple fellow and I can get into trouble very quickly when I get out of my depth and I have no desire to test those waters. So I say to you all, seek the source of all knowledge worth having. Seek the reservoir of immeasurable Love. Seek the source of every good and righteous thing and Love it with all the force that is possible for you and anything you do need to know will be given to you at the time you need it. 'Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all else will be added unto you.” End Transmission…….

ARTICLE

By Rixon Stewart on November 5, 2016 Rixon Stewart — Nov 3, 2016 Migrants and refugees run to a refugee center after crossing the Croatian-Slovenian border near Rigonce on October 24, 2015. Slovenia says it is considering building a border fence to help stem a record influx of migrants and refugees, as thousands more people arrived from Croatia on October 23. AFP PHOTO / JURE MAKOVEC (Photo credit should read Jure Makovec/AFP/Getty Images) Over one hundred years ago General Albert Pike wrote a letter to Giuseppi Mazzini, the founder of modern Italy. The letter turned out to be grimly prophetic and to this day its content are still highly controversial. In the letter Pike foretold the coming of three world wars. The first would see a clash between the ' British and Germanic Empires”, Pike wrote, and it would result in the overthrow of the Russian Czar. Thereafter, Pike continued: 'The Second World War must be fomented by taking advantage of the differences between the Fascists and the political Zionists. 'During the Second World War, International Communism must become strong enough in order to balance Christendom, which would be then restrained and held in check until the time when we would need it for the final social cataclysm.” ( Quote source ) Of course there have been claims that Pike's letter is a forgery . Just as there have been similar allegations about the Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion. However, that doesn't change the fact that many of the events we see unfolding before us today were outlined in Pike's letter, which first became more widely known in the 1950s through the writings of Willaim Guy Carr , a former Canadian intelligence officer. That was well before the current migrant crisis and the so-called 'War on Terror', both of which can be seen alluded to in Pike's 1871 letter to Mazzini. So regardless of the letter's provenance, it still foreshadows much of what we see unfolding in the world today. Pike continues: 'The Third World War must be fomented by taking advantage of the differences caused by the 'agentur” of the 'Illuminati” between the political Zionists and the leaders of Islamic World. The war must be conducted in such a way that Islam (the Moslem Arabic World) and political Zionism (the State of Israel) mutually destroy each other. ( Ibid ) Readers will note that mention is made of 'political Zionism”. This effectively neutralises arguments to dismiss Pike's letter as an 'anti-Semitic forgery, as has been attempted with the Protocols. Because Pike doesn't mention 'Zionism” in way that suggests its complicity in the plot. He simply refers to it as a another element in the overall equation. Just as he mentions 'communism”, it's another means to manipulate the uninitiated. Moreover, according to Pike, the conflict will spread beyond the confines of the Middle East: Meanwhile the other nations, once more divided on this issue will be constrained to fight to the point of complete physical, moral, spiritual and economical exhaustion… ( Ibid ) How will other nations 'be divided on this issue”? Through the mass influx of migrants from the 'Muslim Arabic World”, ostensibly fleeing conflicts that the West has helped initiate. How will they be 'constrained to fight”? On the basis of 'humanitarian concerns”; that conveniently provide a false justification for military interventions: as happened in Iraq, in Libya and now Syria. Nor is it a coincidence that there are so few women and children among the migrants currently streaming into Europe. Most are able bodied men of military service age and four out of five are not even Syrian . Moreover, most are not even refugees, in the strict sense of the term. They are economic migrants in search of better prospects, which explains why there are so few woman and children among them. What's more the majority are not devout Muslims. The 'Muslim' angle is being peddled by the corporate media in order to promote the idea of a wider conflict; a notion first proposed by Illuminati strategist Samual Huntington under the label the Clash of Civilisations . The idea being that out of the chaos spawned by wars a 'new order” would arise. The need to provide the migrants with 'humanitarian” aid is a pretext promoted by the likes of billionaire George Soros to get European nations to open their borders. At the last count over one million migrants had entered Germany and from there spread out to the rest of Europe. Given their demographic make-up — able-bodied men of military service age with little education and few job prospects — it's a potential time bomb. It will only take renewed strife in the Middle East for the conflict there to spread among Europe's newly arrived immigrants, and manifest in bombings, shootings, suicide attacks etc. All of which sets the scene for what Pike described as: …a formidable social cataclysm which in all its horror will show clearly to the nations the effect of absolute atheism, origin of savagery and of the most bloody turmoil. ( Ibid ) Gangs of migrants armed with clubs and staves prowl the streets of the 10th Arrondissement, Paris, at night. Click to enlarge Recent reports from Paris demonstrate how this scenario is beginning to unfold on the streets of the French capital . This is no accident. It is exactly as foreseen by Albert Pike over a century ago and it is now being brought to fruition with the help of what Pike called 'agentur” of the 'Illuminati” . Who can probably be more readily identified today in the likes of George Soros and Angela Merkel The ultimate objective is to destroy the old existing order and establish a new world order in its place. To this end the likes of Soros and Merkel are working toward establishing a new global feudalism. A fiefdom presided over by themselves, the bankers, their security personnel and their technocrats. While beneath them a huge global underclass, made up of a mix of various races and tongues, toils in their global plantation. However, there is one major obstacle to the fulfilment of this plan — and that is Putin's Russia. It's no mere accident that the Soros's supposed charity Foundation has been banned in Russia . Nor is it a coincidence that NATO is steadily encircling Russia with military bases and encroaching ever closer to its borders. The stakes couldn't be higher. What happens in the next few years will be critical to the development of the human race. Will future generations grow up in a global slave state, where political correctness is paramount? Or will they find themselves in a world where individuality and personnel freedom are more highly prized?

ARTICLE

By Israel Shamir on November 5, 2016 Israel Shamir — The Unz Review Nov 3, 2016 I envy you, American citizens. I do not care about your military might, nor for your supreme currency, the US dollar. I envy your chance to deal on 11/8 a decisive blow to the rule of the Masters of Discourse. Though the Masters control the entirety of world media, and they decide what people may think and say from Canada to Hong Kong, only you, American citizens, can defeat them. This is a great chance, a unique opportunity not to be missed. The Masters of Discourse can be defeated. They are not stronger than any ruler of past. Trump has a great quality making him fit for the task: he is impervious to labels and libels. He had been called everything in the book: anti-Semite, racist, women hater, you name it. And he still survived that flak. Such people are very rare. We know he is against the Masters because every newspaper is against him. I never saw a similar onslaught but once, in Russia in 1996. Then President Yeltsin, an old drunkard who had brought Russia to collapse, had to run for his second term. His popularity was next to zero. Two per cent of Russians intended to vote for him. And then the oligarchs turned on their propaganda machine. Yeltsin's competitor Gennady Zyuganov, a mild church-going post-communist, had been presented like a Hitler of his days. All the Russian media of the day belonged to oligarchs, and all of it participated in the onslaught. Zyuganov surrendered. Perhaps he won the election, but he congratulated Yeltsin with his victory. It was said that he was threatened with assassination unless… Others say he was bribed. I do not exclude both explanations, but for sure the might of united media can crush a timid man. In the days of the Jewish Temple, there was a Magrepha, a wind instrument able to produce diverse and frightening sounds. There is no agreement among the scholars about what sort of thing it was. Whenever it sounded, people were scared. The media of our days is a new Magrepha. If all of its outputs are united, they produce a terrible roar. Yes, the onslaught of the media upon Trump had been exceedingly unfair, but he survived it. What is even more important, you survived it. It does not matter what the polls say: they say what the newspapers tell them to say. Even people answer the polls according to the media prognoses: they are shy of saying they would vote for a man who … But at the moment of actual vote, they do what they know is right for them. Not for transgenders, not for Muslim brokers, not even for single mothers, but for themselves. You have a very good chance to win, and to defeat the witch and her supporters. We learned that the British people voted for Brexit, though all the media said that proposal had no chance. But we also learned from Brexit, that nothing is over until it is over. The Masters of Discourse will try every trick to steal the elections, and only their fear of armed rising may finally force them to acknowledge their inevitable defeat. We know that in 2015, when Benjamin Netanyahu, the Israeli Prime Minister, was afraid of losing the elections, he revealed that the American intelligence has some superior software which allows them to falsify the elections. Perhaps, but he won despite this magical software, despite Obama's wrath. Even in Israel, that favorite son of the Masters, the Masters are hated. The New York Times is always speaking good about Israel, but still Israelis do not like the newspaper. Nobody likes them, nobody likes an old aunt who tries to tell us what we can say and what we can't. If Netanyahu could win, Trump can win twice. After the first debate of Trump and Clinton, people said: She won! But we shall vote for him. This was a very encouraging sign. Indeed every woman worth its salt would win an argument with her husband or son-in-law, let alone a pretender. That is the way we are made. The story of sirens enforces the belief that if you listen to a woman, she will bewitch you. Sirens actually ate the bewitched sailors; our womenfolk do not go to such extremes, but they can cause us a lot of trouble. Trump seems to be almost pure of heart and deed, as even extremely prejudiced media could not find anything really incriminating about him but bragging about having his way with women. I shall not recount so many proven accusations against Hillary. All of that can be found in the emails revealed by Julian Assange and his great Wikileaks team. The media kept mum about it, but the secrets can't be kept forever. There are many practical things Donald Trump will be able to fix. He can return industries home, he can return American GIs home from four ends of the world, he can improve lot of working men. But he surely will set all of us free from the annoying bondage of the Masters. Just for that reason, go and vote, for yourself and for millions of us who aren't entitled to. 
Israel Shamir can be reached at 
This article was first published at The Unz Review .

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 5, 2016 End Times Daily — Nov 1, 2016 St. Rosalie's Parish Eucharistic Chapel, Hampton Bays, NY Our Lady of Light My dear son, On this very important feast day in the Church of My Son Jesus, the Redeemer of the world, I come to you with greetings from not only your Heavenly Mother, but also from your brothers and sisters, who are now united with us in the Eternal Kingdom of the Father in Heaven. You must know that your brothers and sisters are particularly saddened by the events that are taking place in your world, but your brothers and sisters in Heaven know resolutely that all will be fulfilled in the end according to the Word of the Father in Heaven. But your brothers and sisters know the challenges that you are going through in your world, particularly in the United States of America, where the evil one, the demon from hell, is currently waging his battle for the future of your country, and his minions are working overtime to keep the evil one in power and control over the rest of you. The challenge for you living here on Earth, not only in America, but throughout the world is to identify and defeat the minions of satan, who are stealthily going about their plans to create a draconian new world order to dominate and control the rest of you. Alas! Now the minions of satan are becoming exposed to the rest of you, as it has been ordained through the intervention of the Father in Heaven through His Son, the Redeemer of the world. In your governments, your institutions, your foundations, your places of higher learning, as well as through your commercial businesses and entities, and in your media and entertainment, you are seeing the work of the evil one stripped bare and the minions of the evil one fully exposed now. This dressing down of the minions of satan has been made necessary for the Father's plans for mankind to be realized. However, the Father in Heaven and His Son, the Redeemer of the world, are relying on you, the sons and daughters of all that is good, to stand up to the challenge presented by those who are supporting all that is evil. Never before has it been so clear to you, who among your public figures have sworn their allegiance to the evil one, so it is imperative upon humanity in these times to remove these evilly motivated and controlled individuals from places of power and authority, for such is the will of your Father in Heaven. You have been given a unique opportunity in the history of mankind to reduce, nay to eliminate, all the evil in the world that comes from satan, but that is implemented and fueled by his minions. Do not avoid the truth at this point! Now is the time to remove the despots from their positions of power and authority and to replace them with those who can align themselves with the Heavenly Father and His Son to usher in a New Heaven and a New Earth, as opposed to the new world order of the evil one. So be it!

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on March 10, 2013 
This was shortly before they joined Islamic State 'Holocaust” declared 7 years before there was a 'Holocaust” By wmw_admin on December 13, 2014 
The New York Times was already reporting of Jewish persecution and an ongoing 'Holocaust” in May 31, 1936 Have You Read the Talmud Lately? By wmw_admin on September 3, 2006 
The Talmud expounds some of the most virulent racism, as these extracts plainly show. However, as a reader points out not all Jews are influenced by it, or even read it. Only the ultra religious study it, the rest haven't a clue. We leave you to decide The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part II By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Former City of London insider reveals that the depopulation program would begin with a planned war between Israel and Iran. More importantly, he goes onto to describe how we can derail their plans for global dominance The Liberation of the Camps By wmw_admin on January 27, 2016 
It is tantamount to virtual heresy to question the 'Holocaust' today. But did the extermination of 6 million really happen as we've been taught? US 'backed plan to launch chemical weapon attack on Syria, blame it on Assad govt': Report By wmw_admin on June 15, 2013 
This report appeared in January, 2013, but was subsequently removed from the Mail's website. Fortunately some observers copied extracts, which we repost here The 9/11 Solution: The Big Clue Everyone Missed By wmw_admin on July 21, 2008 
Google removed this video but a reader sent in a copy. Watch how the media carefully manipulates coverage of the events of 9/11, as they interview 'experts' who provide the cover story that has gone to make up the standard govt/media version of 9/11

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 5, 2016 Rebecca Rosenberg and Daniel Halper — New York Post Nov 4, 2016 Weiner on horse at The Recovery Ranch rehab centre. Click to enlarge 
This horse's ass is getting touchy-feely with a new partner. 
As this exclusive Post photo shows, Anthony Weiner spent Friday morning getting a dose of 'equine therapy'' for his sex addiction at The Recovery Ranch at Nunnelly, TN, a tony woodsy respite for deep-pocketed patrons. 
The perverted former Queens pol wore a bright-blue riding helmet, green T-shirt, blue jeans and sneakers as he saddled up his poor animal and hopped aboard, accompanied by a blonde. 
Weiner — who was caught obsessively texting other women, including an underage girl , while married to top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin — looked pensive as he meandered through the trees at the expansive ranch. 
But he turned decidedly glum when approached by The Post and asked for comment. He refused to say a word before riding slowly off. 
Weiner recently got in more hot water with the Democratic Party when authorities investigating his sexting scandal discovered he had e-mails on his computer that could be linked to the FBI probe involving Clinton's private server. 
The bombshell development couldn't have come at a worse time for Clinton, who faces Donald Trump in a presidential-race showdown Tuesday. 
But Weiner, 52, is now worlds away, putting his time in at the secluded recovery ranch after Abedin jettisoned him when it surfaced that he even sexted selfies with their 4-year-old son sleeping in the background . 
Weiner is bunking down at The Ranch's Swan Creek House, one of several lodgings catering to its addled well-heeled clientele about an hour west of Nashville. 
'Nestled amid rolling hills dotted with mature oaks and maples, Swan Creek House is a 15,000-square-foot home that features warm and inviting living spaces and breathtaking views of the surrounding hills,'' The Ranch's Web site says. 
'The home's sprawling outdoor spaces include a pond, natural rock landscaping and rolling hills as far as the eye can see. 
'Also situated on the property is a state-of-the-art equestrian center equipped with lights, heated water and a ¾ bath, as well as 12 stalls, a wash area and a vet area for the equine partners.” 
The center's equine therapy 'involves caring and interacting with horses in ways that provide valuable lessons in accountability and in how we relate to others,'' the site says. 
Weiner is without his cell phone in the 15-bed facility, which is specifically for sex addicts — who are kept strictly separate by gender. 
Plunking down a cool $25,000 for the 35-day program, according to online reviews, the disgraced dad still has to make his own meals and clean up after himself. 
Participants get daily group therapy. In addition to riding on a horse at least once a week, they also get plenty of other physical activity such as rope-climbing, zip-lining, hiking and canoeing, as well has have access to a gym. 
Ironically, Rob Weiss, who heads the ranch's sex-recovery unit, penned an article for the Huffington Post in 2013 in which he talked about Weiner and fellow sex-shamed former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer — as well as Ariel Castro, the monster who held captive and raped three young Ohio women for more than a decade. 
Another center at the 2,000-acre ranch — which singer Rihanna reportedly once considered to get treatment for a 'love addiction” — revolves around a Native American sweat lodge. 
The sweat lodge is designed to offer 'opportunities for physical detoxification, spiritual connection and emotional processing,'' the ranch's Web site says.

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Anonymous Release Bone Chilling Video of Huma Abedin that Every American Needs to See Essential Reading The Crucifixion of Jews Must Stop! By wmw_admin on August 21, 2010 
The sacrifice of 'six million Jews” was being talked about before Hitler rose to power. A photocopy from the American Hebrew dated Oct. 1919, speaks openly about a holocaust of six million Jews before declaring 'Israel is entitled to a place in the sun”!! Adam Weishaupt By wmw_admin on June 29, 2005 
The founding of the Illuminati and one of the key players behind the genesis of the New World Order The Anglo-Saxon Mission Part II By wmw_admin on March 1, 2010 
Former City of London insider reveals that the depopulation program would begin with a planned war between Israel and Iran. More importantly, he goes onto to describe how we can derail their plans for global dominance The 9/11 Solution: The Big Clue Everyone Missed By wmw_admin on July 21, 2008 
Google removed this video but a reader sent in a copy. Watch how the media carefully manipulates coverage of the events of 9/11, as they interview 'experts' who provide the cover story that has gone to make up the standard govt/media version of 9/11 Before and after the 'Holocaust”: Jewish population numbers in 1933 and 1948 By wmw_admin on November 30, 2013 
During the time Hitler was supposed to have killed six million Jews — between 1933 and 1948 — the world's Jewish population actually increased from 15,315,000 to 15,753,000 Who Are The Illuminati? By wmw_admin on April 24, 2004 
Conspiracy theory is now an accepted turn of phrase but sometimes one hears the expression, sometimes whispered rather than spoken. 'The Illuminati”. The Liberation of the Camps By wmw_admin on January 27, 2016 
It is tantamount to virtual heresy to question the 'Holocaust' today. But did the extermination of 6 million really happen as we've been taught?

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 5, 2016 Darrell DeLamaid — Market Watch Nov 3, 2016 Trump supporter at Trump rally tells media covering the event exactly what he thinks of them. Click to enlarge 
Whatever else this year's bizarre and destructive presidential campaign achieves, it may well sound the death knell for legacy news media. 
Newspapers have long since been doomed by the digital revolution and the collapse of their economic model. New waves of buyouts and layoffs recently announced by the New York Times, USA Today and the Wall Street Journal mark another step by print media toward extinction. 
Broadcast networks, too, face severe difficulties as new technologies and changes in viewing habits transform the television industry and bring new challenges to news operations. . 
But it is the bias of the establishment media so blatantly in favor of the establishment candidate, Hillary Clinton, that may strip these news organizations of their last claim to value — as an objective and authoritative source of information — and hasten their demise. 
When Liz Spayd started her new assignment as the public editor of the New York Times last summer. she was taken aback by the deluge of email criticizing the newspaper for ' one-sided reporting ” and 'relentless bias against Trump.” 
Her inquiries in the newsroom were met 'with a roll of the eyes,” Spayd said, and the claim that all sides hate the Times because they are even-handed in their reporting. 
'That response may be tempting, but unless the strategy is to become The New Republic gone daily, this perception by many readers strikes me as poison,” Spayd said candidly. 'A paper whose journalism appeals to only half the country has a dangerously severed public mission.” 
She went on to muse that a fracturing media environment, with people seeking out the news they want to hear, might be pulling the Times to the left, which is where two-thirds of its readers are. This would be bad, she said, because of the stories that would be missed — such as the 'surprising” triumph of Donald Trump in capturing the Republican nomination. 
'Imagine a country where the greatest, most powerful newsroom in the free world was viewed not as a voice that speaks to all but as one that has taken sides,” she said, before grimly asking, 'Or has that already happened?” 
Yes, indeed, it has. Behind all the Times' fawning profiles of Clinton — and the denigrating pieces not only on Trump but also Democratic challenger Bernie Sanders — was a cozy understanding between Times reporters and the Clinton campaign, WikiLeaks has shown us, that getting Clinton elected is something of a collaborative effort. 
But it's not just the Times — though the failing at what remains the nation's premier newspaper is more egregious — but much of the rest of the establishment media as well. . 
Longtime media critic Howard Kurtz, while acknowledging that Trump suffered from numerous self-inflicted wounds, said last week (before the FBI announced it was reopening the investigation into Clinton's emails) that it looked like the mainstream media was doing a victory lap for defeating Trump, treating the election as if it were already over. 
Trump, Kurtz said, has 'been hit with the most sustained wave of hostile coverage ever aimed at a major-party presidential nominee.” 
In an accompanying video, he added, 'There will be a stain on the press for being so openly one-sided in a presidential election, and that will not go away.” 
Editors at the Times, the Washington Post and elsewhere justify this hostility because they have determined that Trump is an existential threat to democracy and the worst presidential nominee in history and can't be treated as an ordinary candidate. 
So why do the polls show the worst nominee ever running neck-and-neck with the candidate President Barack Obama has praised as the most qualified person ever to run for president? 
Do these editors know something that tens of millions of American voters are missing? Whose job is it really to decide what poses a threat to our democracy — a handful of editors in the corporate media or the voters? 
'This election has exposed as never before that there is indeed a media elite, bound together by class and geography, that is utterly clueless about its own biases and filters,” freelance investigative reporter Kenneth Silverstein wrote this week in the Observer. 
Silverstein had some unkind words for Trump, describing him as an 'addled, reckless, dangerous billionaire.” He added, however, that Trump's success 'may be a sad reflection of the complete breakdown of our political system, but it doesn't make Trump's appeal to a significant chunk of the electorate illegitimate.” 
The devastation of the industrial heartland, sinking wages, skyrocketing health-care costs, deep-seated economic insecurity fueling an opioid epidemic, and Clinton's strong bent toward military interventionism 'are highly rational reasons for any voter to consider casting a ballot for Trump,” Silverstein said. 
He went on to cite leaked emails showing Clinton campaign staff strategizing about how to plant stories with friendly journalists at the Times, Vox and MSNBC, among others, as well as deferential emails in return from journalists. 
Silverstein acknowledged that he has an ax to grind because his own negative story for Fusion about a Clinton Foundation project in Colombia came under attack from the Clinton campaign. And this op-ed lambasting the media appeared in the Observer, which is owned and managed by Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner — but, hey, it wasn't going to be published by the Times. 
There is a long tradition in American politics of blaming the media when your message isn't getting through. But in this case, as Trump narrows the gap with Clinton in the closing days of the race, it seems more like his message is getting through in spite of the media. 
This is how former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a Trump ally, responded to a question this week from ABC's Martha Raddatz about whether he really believed an election could be rigged against Trump: 'I think that without the unending one-sided assault of the news media, Trump would be beating Hillary by 15 points,” Gingrich said. 'The news media's one-sidedness is the worst I've seen in my lifetime, and I'm old enough that that's a fairly long statement.”

ARTICLE

*Sent:* Tuesday, August 11, 2015 6:00 PM *To:* Kendall, David *Subject:* Hi again from AP (inquiry about thumb drive) 
Hi David, 
We have been told, and we are preparing to report, that the FBI has taken possession of the thumb drive that was once in your possession. This is what we have been informed, and we wanted to see whether there was any sort of comment that could be provided. If you wanted to steer us away and say that we are misinformed, then I would gladly accept that as well . But we have solid reason to believe this. We'd welcome any comment you can offer. Thanks very much. 
Eric Associated Press reporter says he knows it's true, but will gladly print that it's false 
What's truly astonishing in this email is how AP reporter Eric Tucker says he will gladly LIE to cover for the Clintons . In plain English, he explains that he has 'solid reason” to believe the report about the thumb drive, but he will gladly publish a false narrative via the Associated Press , and he even suggests what that false narrative should be: 'If you wanted to steer us away and say that we are misinformed, then I would gladly accept that as well.” 
In other words, he's not just corrupt, dishonest and fraudulent as a journalist, he's also SUGGESTING the false narrative the Clintons should use! 
This is the exact same way the AP talks to the CDC about vaccines and measles, by the way. Essentially, the Associated Press reporters say, 'We are total media whores, we will bend over and grab our ankles while you shove your fake story down the throats of our readers who foolishly think we're a credible news organization.” 
You gotta love Eric Tucker for this. The guy takes the prize for finally spelling out in black and white what we've known for years: the AP is a total joke when it comes to real journalism . Note carefully that the AP won't even fire Tucker for this admission. He'll probably get a prize of some sort. How many other Associated Presstitutes have deliberately LIED to cover up Clinton crimes? 
It all brings to mind the obvious question: How many other Associated Presstitutes deliberately lied to cover up Clinton crimes? 
Just what percentage of AP stories about the Clinton scandals are actually FAKE NEWS pretending to be credible journalism? (Answer: Probably about 99%.) 
It's not just AP, either. It's the same story at every other mainstream news organization across America: They're all liars and crooks, and they're all working for Hillary Clinton, the serial killer and rape excuser.

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / Six Million Jews 1915-1938 Essential Reading US 'backed plan to launch chemical weapon attack on Syria, blame it on Assad govt': Report By wmw_admin on June 15, 2013 
This report appeared in January, 2013, but was subsequently removed from the Mail's website. Fortunately some observers copied extracts, which we repost here An oldie White Zimbabwean has her say By wmw_admin on January 7, 2009 
A human story from the hellhole Zimbabwe has become – with the West's acquiescence of course. For although Western leaders may criticise him publicly, they opened the way for Mugabe's ascent to power, just as they did with Saddam Fake Terrorism: The Road to Dictatorship By wmw_admin on October 10, 2008 
Throughout history 'terrorist” acts have been carefully staged and used to further the power of the ruling elite. In the light of the latest 'terror” plot we repost an old favourite as a reminder The Crucifixion of Jews Must Stop! By wmw_admin on August 21, 2010 
The sacrifice of 'six million Jews” was being talked about before Hitler rose to power. A photocopy from the American Hebrew dated Oct. 1919, speaks openly about a holocaust of six million Jews before declaring 'Israel is entitled to a place in the sun”!! David Icke Debunked By wmw_admin on September 10, 2012 
This website shares Les Visible's doubts about David Icke. Others do too and as the linked video here explains, with good reason Evidence: Syria Gas Attack Work of U.S. Allies By wmw_admin on August 28, 2013 
Clear and conclusive evidence that 'Syrian rebels' were behind the chemical weapons attack — not the Syrian Army — using toxins supplied by Saudi Arabia. Includes videos David Cole at Auschwitz By wmw_admin on October 7, 2006 
Now directly linked, a must see video. Watch as a young Jew demolishes the standard notion of the Holocaust, highlighting its contradictions and flaws with logic and clarity. An hour long video of absolutely essential viewing London Beheading Hoax Confirmed? By wmw_admin on May 24, 2013 
Was the London beheading a hoax? After Sandy Hook anything is possible and the authors present a very convincing case that it was. Judge for yourself Back to the Future!!! Part 2 By Rixon Stewart on May 21, 2007 
Given Einstein's endorsement of Hapgood's ideas it is reasonable to ask whether his hypothesis could actually happen again and if so when

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 30, 2013 Rebel of Oz — Nov 30, 2013 For over a century, the Jewish World Almanac has been widely regarded as the most authentic source for the world's Jewish population numbers. Academics all over the world, including the editors of the Encyclopedia Britannica, used to rely on the accuracy of those numbers. Here is what the World Alamanacs of 1933 and 1948 had to say about the world population of Jews. World Almanac 1933 World Almanac 1948 In other words, according to the World Almanac the world population of Jews increased (!) between 1933 and 1948 from 15,315,000 to 15,753,000. If the German government under Adolf Hitler had – as alleged – murdered six million Jews those losses should have been reflected in the Jewish population numbers quoted in the World Almanac. The suspicions raised by above numbers concerning the veracity of the allegations made against the Hitler government are confirmed by the official three-volume report by the International Committee of the Red Cross, released 1948 in Geneva, according to which 272,000 concentration camp inmates died in German custody, about half of them Jews. The following article elaborates. A Factual Appraisal Of The 'Holocaust' By The Red Cross The Jews And The Concentration Camps: No Evidence Of Genocide There is one survey of the Jewish question in Europe during World War Two and the conditions of Germany's concentration camps which is almost unique in its honesty and objectivity, the three-volume Report of the International Committee of the Red Cross on its Activities during the Second World War, Geneva, 1948. This comprehensive account from an entirely neutral source incorporated and expanded the findings of two previous works: Documents sur l'activité du CICR en faveur des civils détenus dans les camps de concentration en Allemagne 1939-1945 (Geneva, 1946), and Inter Arma Caritas: the Work of the ICRC during the Second World War (Geneva, 1947). The team of authors, headed by Frédéric Siordet, explained in the opening pages of the Report that their object, in the tradition of the Red Cross, had been strict political neutrality, and herein lies its great value. The ICRC successfully applied the 1929 Geneva military convention in order to gain access to civilian internees held in Central and Western Europe by the Germany authorities. By contrast, the ICRC was unable to gain any access to the Soviet Union, which had failed to ratify the Convention. The millions of civilian and military internees held in the USSR, whose conditions were known to be by far the worst, were completely cut off from any international contact or supervision. The Red Cross Report is of value in that it first clarifies the legitimate circumstances under which Jews were detained in concentration camps, i.e. as enemy aliens. In describing the two categories of civilian internees, the Report distinguishes the second type as 'Civilians deported on administrative grounds (in German, 'Schutzhäftlinge”), who were arrested for political or racial motives because their presence was considered a danger to the State or the occupation forces” (Vol. 111, p. 73). These persons, it continues, 'were placed on the same footing as persons arrested or imprisoned under common law for security reasons.” (P.74). The Report admits that the Germans were at first reluctant to permit supervision by the Red Cross of people detained on grounds relating to security, but by the latter part of 1942, the ICRC obtained important concessions from Germany. They were permitted to distribute food parcels to major concentration camps in Germany from August 1942, and 'from February 1943 onwards this concession was extended to all other camps and prisons” (Vol. 111, p. 78). The ICRC soon established contact with camp commandants and launched a food relief programme which continued to function until the last months of 1945, letters of thanks for which came pouring in from Jewish internees. Red Cross Recipients Were Jews The Report states that 'As many as 9,000 parcels were packed daily. >From the autumn of 1943 until May 1945, about 1,112,000 parcels with a total weight of 4,500 tons were sent off to the concentration camps” (Vol. III, p. 80). In addition to food, these contained clothing and pharmaceutical supplies. 'Parcels were sent to Dachau, Buchenwald, Sangerhausen, Sachsenhausen, Oranienburg, Flossenburg, Landsberg-am-Lech, Flöha, Ravensbrück, Hamburg-Neuengamme, Mauthausen, Theresienstadt, Auschwitz, Bergen-Belsen, to camps near Vienna and in Central and Southern Germany. The principal recipients were Belgians, Dutch, French, Greeks, Italians, Norwegians, Poles and stateless Jews” (Vol. III, p. 83). In the course of the war, 'The Committee was in a position to transfer and distribute in the form of relief supplies over twenty million Swiss francs collected by Jewish welfare organisations throughout the world, in particular by the American Joint Distribution Committee of New York” (Vol. I, p. 644). This latter organisation was permitted by the German Government to maintain offices in Berlin until the American entry into the war. The ICRC complained that obstruction of their vast relief operation for Jewish internees came not from the Germans but from the tight Allied blockade of Europe. Most of their purchases of relief food were made in Rumania, Hungary and Slovakia. The ICRC had special praise for the liberal conditions which prevailed at Theresienstadt up to the time of their last visits there in April 1945. This camp, 'where there were about 40,000 Jews deported from various countries was a relatively privileged ghetto” (Vol. III, p. 75). According to the Report, ''The Committee's delegates were able to visit the camp at Theresienstadt (Terezin) which was used exclusively for Jews and was governed by special conditions. From information gathered by the Committee, this camp had been started as an experiment by certain leaders of the Reich … These men wished to give the Jews the means of setting up a communal life in a town under their own administration and possessing almost complete autonomy. . . two delegates were able to visit the camp on April 6th, 1945. They confirmed the favourable impression gained on the first visit” (Vol. I, p . 642). The ICRC also had praise for the regime of Ion Antonescu of Fascist Rumania where the Committee was able to extend special relief to 183,000 Rumanian Jews until the time of the Soviet occupation. The aid then ceased, and the ICRC complained bitterly that it never succeeded 'in sending anything whatsoever to Russia” (Vol. II, p. 62). The same situation applied to many of the German camps after their 'liberation” by the Russians. The ICRC received a voluminous flow of mail from Auschwitz until the period of the Soviet occupation, when many of the internees were evacuated westward. But the efforts of the Red Cross to send relief to internees remaining at Auschwitz under Soviet control were futile. However, food parcels continued to be sent to former Auschwitz inmates transferred west to such camps as Buchenwald and Oranienburg. No Evidence Of Genocide One of the most important aspects of the Red Cross Report is that it clarifies the true cause of those deaths that undoubtedly occurred in the camps toward the end of the war. Says the Report: 'In the chaotic condition of Germany after the invasion during the final months of the war, the camps received no food supplies at all and starvation claimed an increasing number of victims. Itself alarmed by this situation, the German Government at last informed the ICRC on February 1st, 1945 … In March 1945, discussions between the President of the ICRC and General of the S.S. Kaltenbrunner gave even more decisive results. Relief could henceforth be distributed by the ICRC, and one delegate was authorised to stay in each camp …” (Vol. III, p. 83). Clearly, the German authorities were at pains to relieve the dire situation as far as they were able. The Red Cross are quite explicit in stating that food supplies ceased at this time due to the Allied bombing of German transportation, and in the interests of interned Jews they had protested on March 15th, 1944 against 'the barbarous aerial warfare of the Allies” (Inter Arma Caritas, p. 78). By October 2nd, 1944, the ICRC warned the German Foreign Office of the impending collapse of the German transportation system, declaring that starvation conditions for people throughout Germany were becoming inevitable. In dealing with this comprehensive, three-volume Report, it is important to stress that the delegates of the International Red Cross found no evidence whatever at the camps in Axis occupied Europe of a deliberate policy to exterminate the Jews. In all its 1,600 pages the Report does not even mention such a thing as a gas chamber. It admits that Jews, like many other wartime nationalities, suffered rigours and privations, but its complete silence on the subject of planned extermination is ample refutation of the Six Million legend. Like the Vatican representatives with whom they worked, the Red Cross found itself unable to indulge in the irresponsible charges of genocide which had become the order of the day. So far as the genuine mortality rate is concerned, the Report points out that most of the Jewish doctors from the camps were being used to combat typhus on the eastern front, so that they were unavailable when the typhus epidemics of 1945 broke out in the camps (Vol. I, p. 204 ff) – Incidentally, it is frequently claimed that mass executions were carried out in gas chambers cunningly disguised as shower facilities. Again the Report makes nonsense of this allegation. 'Not only the washing places, but installations for baths, showers and laundry were inspected by the delegates. They had often to take action to have fixtures made less primitive, and to get them repaired or enlarged” (Vol. III, p. 594). Not All Were Interned Volume III of the Red Cross Report, Chapter 3 (I. Jewish Civilian Population) deals with the 'aid given to the Jewish section of the free population,” and this chapter makes it quite plain that by no means all of the European Jews were placed in internment camps, but remained, subject to certain restrictions, as part of the free civilian population. This conflicts directly with the 'thoroughness” of the supposed 'extermination programme”, and with the claim in the forged Höss memoirs that Eichmann was obsessed with seizing 'every single Jew he could lay his hands on.” In Slovakia, for example, where Eichmann's assistant Dieter Wisliceny was in charge, the Report states that 'A large proportion of the Jewish minority had permission to stay in the country, and at certain periods Slovakia was looked upon as a comparative haven of refuge for Jews, especially for those coming from Poland. Those who remained in Slovakia seem to have been in comparative safety until the end of August 1944, when a rising against the German forces took place. While it is true that the law of May 15th, 1942 had brought about the internment of several thousand Jews, these people were held in camps where the conditions of food and lodging were tolerable, and where the internees were allowed to do paid work on terms almost equal to those of the free labour market” (Vol. I, p. 646). Not only did large numbers of the three million or so European Jews avoid internment altogether, but the emigration of Jews continued throughout the war, generally by way of Hungary, Rumania and Turkey. Ironically, post-war Jewish emigration from German-occupied territories was also facilitated by the Reich, as in the case of the Polish Jews who had escaped to France before its occupation. 'The Jews from Poland who, whilst in France, had obtained entrance permits to the United States were held to be American citizens by the German occupying authorities, who further agreed to recognize the validity of about three thousand passports issued to Jews by the consulates of South American countries” (Vol. I, p. 645). As future U.S. citizens, these Jews were held at the Vittel camp in southern France for American aliens. The emigration of European Jews from Hungary in particular proceeded during the war unhindered by the German authorities. 'Until March 1944,” says the. Red Cross Report, 'Jews who had the privilege of visas for Palestine were free to leave Hungary” (Vol. I, p. 648). Even after the replacement of the Horthy Government in 1944 (following its attempted armistice with the Soviet Union) with a government more dependent on German authority, the emigration of Jews continued. The Committee secured the pledges of both Britain and the United States 'to give support by every means to the emigration of Jews from Hungary,” and from the U.S. Government the ICRC received a message stating that 'The Government of the United States … now specifically repeats its assurance that arrangements will be made by it for the care of all Jews who in the present circumstances are allowed to leave” (Vol. I, p . 649). Biedermann agreed that in the nineteen instances that 'Did Six Million Really Die?” quoted from the Report of the International Committee of the Red Cross on its Activities during the Second World War and Inter Arma Caritas (this includes the above material), it did so accurately. A quote from Charles Biedermann (a delegate of the International Committee of the Red Cross and Director of the Red Cross' International Tracing Service) under oath at the Zündel Trial (February 9, 10, 11 and 12, 1988).

ARTICLE

SEE ALSO: Why Hillary Clinton is Responsible for US Failures in Libya and Syria 
According to FOX News , FBI sources have said that 'indictments are likely' for the Clinton Foundation investigation. One only wonders how this latest Assange revelation will factor into the wider investigation – as it goes right to the heart of the national security and foreign policy – two things which Clinton trades heavily on in her campaigning. 
Assange went on to explain the deep ramifications of this latest criminal allegation against Clinton and her family foundation: 
'All serious analysts know, and even the US government has agreed, that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIS and funding ISIS, but the dodge has always been that it is some 'rogue” princes using their oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that it is the government of Saudi Arabia, and the government of Qatar that have been funding ISIS.” 
During their 25-minute interview filmed at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, Assange and Pilger discussed the obvious conflict of interest between Clinton as Secretary of State, the Clinton Foundation and Gulf monarchies who financed them. The following is an excerpt from the interview transcript: 
John Pilger: The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the first two, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation, while Hillary Clinton is secretary of state, and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly Saudi Arabia. 
Julian Assange: Under Hillary Clinton – and the Clinton emails reveal a significant discussion of it – the biggest-ever arms deal in the world was made with Saudi Arabia: more than $80 billion. During her tenure, the total arms exports from the US doubled in dollar value. 
JP: Of course, the consequence of that is that this notorious jihadist group, called ISIL or ISIS, is created largely with money from people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation? 
JA: Yes. 
Watch a brief preview of the interview here : 
Courtesy Peter Myers

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 6, 2016 Darkmoon — Nov 6, 2016 RT : 'Whistleblower Julian Assange has given one of his most incendiary interviews ever in a John Pilger Special [released late yesterday] courtesy of Dartmouth Films. Here he summarizes what can be gleaned from the tens of thousands of Clinton emails leaked by WikiLeaks this year.” LD : Despite the enormous populist support for Trump and the extraordinary loathing in which Hillary Clinton is held by millions of American, Assange says that 'Trump cannot be allowed to win.” Trump has already indicated that he will not recognize the result of the election if he loses, given the enormous enthusiasm he has generated during his speeches, compared to the relatively tepid and anaemic response evoked by Hillary Clinton on similar occasions. Recent news reports reveal that 'election related violence is increasing and Right-wing armed militia groups are even preparing for unrest if Mrs Clinton 'steals' the election, as they fear will happen.” If Hillary Clinton wins this election, as Assange predicts, we can expect riots to erupt all across America. Violent insurrection, in the circumstances of a rigged election, would appear to be more than justified. Hillary Clinton clearly belongs behind bars, not in the White House. [LD] John Pilger (left) conducted the 25-minute interview at the Ecuadorian Embassy where Assange has been trapped since 2012 for fear of extradition to the US. Here is a transcript of the interview followed by the YouTube interview itself. Click to enlarge THE SECRET WORLD OF THE US ELECTION John Pilger: What's the significance of the FBI's intervention in these last days of the U.S. election campaign, in the case against Hillary Clinton? Julian Assange: If you look at the history of the FBI, it has become effectively America's political police. The FBI demonstrated this by taking down the former head of the CIA General David Petraeus over classified information given to his mistress. Almost no-one is untouchable. The FBI is always trying to demonstrate that no-one can resist us. But Hillary Clinton very conspicuously resisted the FBI's investigation, so there's anger within the FBI because it made the FBI look weak. We've published about 33,000 of Clinton's emails when she was Secretary of State. They come from a batch of just over 60,000 emails, [of which] Clinton has kept about half — 30,000 — to herself, and we've published about half. Then there are the Podesta emails we've been publishing. John Podesta is Hillary Clinton's primary campaign manager, so there's a thread that runs through all these emails; there are quite a lot of pay-for-play, as they call it, giving access in exchange for money to states, individuals and corporations. These emails are combined with the cover up of the Hillary Clinton emails when she was Secretary of State, which has led to an environment where the pressure on the FBI increases. 'Russian government not the source of Clinton leaks' PILGER : The Clinton campaign has said that Russia is behind all of this, that Russia has manipulated the campaign and is the source for WikiLeaks and its emails. ASSANGE : The Clinton camp has been able to project that kind of neo-McCarthy hysteria: that Russia is responsible for everything. Hilary Clinton stated multiple times, falsely, that seventeen U.S. intelligence agencies had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That is false; we can say that the Russian government is not the source. 'Saudi Arabia & Qatar funding ISIS and Clinton' PILGER : The emails that give evidence of access for money and how Hillary Clinton herself benefited from this and how she is benefitting politically, are quite extraordinary. I'm thinking of when the Qatari representative was given five minutes with Bill Clinton for a million dollar cheque. ASSANGE : And twelve million dollars from Morocco … PILGER : Twelve million from Morocco, yeah. ASSANGE : For Hillary Clinton to attend a party. PILGER : In terms of the foreign policy of the United States, that's where the emails are most revealing, where they show the direct connection between Hillary Clinton and the foundation of jihadism, of ISIL, in the Middle East. Can you talk about how the emails demonstrate the connection between those who are meant to be fighting the jihadists of ISIL, are actually those who have helped create it. ASSANGE : There's an early 2014 email from Hillary Clinton, not so long after she left the State Department, to her campaign manager John Podesta that states ISIL is funded by the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar. Now this is the most significant email in the whole collection, and perhaps because Saudi and Qatari money is spread all over the Clinton Foundation. Even the U.S. government agrees that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIL, or ISIS. But the dodge has always been that, well it's just some rogue Princes, using their cut of the oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that no, it is the governments of Saudi and Qatar that have been funding ISIS. PILGER : The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the Saudis and the Qataris, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation while Hilary Clinton is Secretary of State and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly to Saudi Arabia. ASSANGE : Under Hillary Clinton, the world's largest ever arms deal was made with Saudi Arabia, worth more than $80 billion. In fact, during her tenure as Secretary of State, total arms exports from the United States in terms of the dollar value, doubled. PILGER : Of course the consequence of that is that the notorious terrorist group called ISIl or ISIS is created largely with money from the very people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation. ASSANGE : Yes. PILGER : That's extraordinary. 'Clinton has been eaten alive by her ambition' ASSANGE : I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick; they faint as a result of the reaction to their ambitions. She represents a whole network of people and a network of relationships with particular states. The question is how does Hilary Clinton fit in this broader network? She's a centralising cog. You've got a lot of different gears in operation from the big banks like Goldman Sachs and major elements of Wall Street, and Intelligence and people in the State Department and the Saudis. She's the centraliser that inter-connects all these different cogs. She's the smooth central representation of all that, and 'all that' is more or less what is in power now in the United States. It's what we call the establishment or the DC consensus. One of the more significant Podesta emails that we released was about how the Obama cabinet was formed and how half the Obama cabinet was basically nominated by a representative from City Bank. This is quite amazing. PILGER : Didn't Citybank supply a list… ? ASSANGE : Yes. PILGER : Which turned out to be most of the Obama cabinet? ASSANGE : Yes. PILGER : So Wall Street decides the cabinet of the President of the United States? ASSANGE : If you were following the Obama campaign back then, closely, you could see it had become very close to banking interests. So I think you can't properly understand Hillary Clinton's foreign policy without understanding Saudi Arabia. The connections with Saudi Arabia are so intimate. 'Libya is Hillary Clinton's war' PILGER : Why was she so demonstrably enthusiastic about the destruction of Libya? Can you talk a little about just what the emails have told us – told you – about what happened there? Because Libya is such a source for so much of the mayhem now in Syria: the ISIL, jihadism, and so on. And it was almost Hillary Clinton's invasion. What do the emails tell us about that? ASSANGE : Libya, more than anyone else's war, was Hillary Clinton's war. Barak Obama initially opposed it. Who was the person championing it? Hillary Clinton. That's documented throughout her emails. She had put her favoured agent, Sidney Blumenthal, on to that; there's more than 1700 emails out of the thirty three thousand Hillary Clinton emails that we've published, just about Libya. It's not that Libya has cheap oil. She perceived the removal of Gaddafi and the overthrow of the Libyan state — something that she would use in her run-up to the general election for President. So in late 2011 there is an internal document called the Libya Tick Tock that was produced for Hillary Clinton, and it's the chronological description of how she was the central figure in the destruction of the Libyan state, which resulted in around 40,000 deaths within Libya; jihadists moved in, ISIS moved in, leading to the European refugee and migrant crisis. Not only did you have people fleeing Libya, people fleeing Syria, the destabilisation of other African countries as a result of arms flows, but the Libyan state itself err was no longer able to control the movement of people through it. Libya faces along to the Mediterranean and had been effectively the cork in the bottle of Africa. So all problems, economic problems and civil war in Africa — previously people fleeing those problems didn't end up in Europe because Libya policed the Mediterranean. That was said explicitly at the time, back in early 2011 by Gaddafi: 'What do these Europeans think they're doing, trying to bomb and destroy the Libyan State? There's going to be floods of migrants out of Africa and jihadists into Europe, and this is exactly what happened. 'Trump won't be permitted to win' PILGER : You get complaints from people saying, 'What is WikiLeaks doing? Are they trying to put Trump in the White House?' ASSANGE : My answer is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he's had every establishment off side; Trump doesn't have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them an establishment, but banks, intelligence agencies, arms companies… big foreign money … are all united behind Hillary Clinton, and the media as well, media owners and even journalists themselves. PILGER : There is the accusation that WikiLeaks is in league with the Russians. Some people say, 'Well, why doesn't WikiLeaks investigate and publish emails on Russia?' ASSANGE : We have published about 800,000 documents of various kinds that relate to Russia. Most of those are critical; and a great many books have come out of our publications about Russia, most of which are critical. Our Russia documents have gone on to be used in quite a number of court cases: refugee cases of people fleeing some kind of claimed political persecution in Russia, which they use our documents to back up. PILGER : Do you yourself take a view of the U.S. election? Do you have a preference for Clinton or Trump? ASSANGE : Let's talk about Donald Trump. What does he represent in the American mind and in the European mind? He represents American white trash, which Hillary Clinton called 'deplorable and irredeemable'. It means from an establishment or educated cosmopolitan, urbane perspective, these people are like the red necks, and you can never deal with them. Because he so clearly — through his words and actions and the type of people that turn up at his rallies — represents people who are not the middle, not the upper middle educated class, there is a fear of seeming to be associated in any way with them, a social fear that lowers the class status of anyone who can be accused of somehow assisting Trump in any way, including any criticism of Hillary Clinton. If you look at how the middle class gains its economic and social power, that makes absolute sense. 'US attempting to squeeze WikiLeaks through my refugee status' PILGER : I'd like to talk about Ecuador, the small country that has given you refuge and political asylum in this embassy in London. Now Ecuador has cut off the internet from here where we're doing this interview, in the Embassy, for the clearly obvious reason that they are concerned about appearing to intervene in the U.S. election campaign. Can you talk about why they would take that action and your own views on Ecuador's support for you? ASSANGE : Let's let go back four years. I made an asylum application to Ecuador in this embassy, because of the U.S. extradition case, and the result was that after a month, I was successful in my asylum application. The embassy since then has been surrounded by police: quite an expensive police operation which the British government admits to spending more than £12.6 million. They admitted that over a year ago. Now there's undercover police and there are robot surveillance cameras of various kinds — so that there has been quite a serious conflict right here in the heart of London between Ecuador, a country of sixteen million people, and the United Kingdom, and the Americans who have been helping on the side. So that was a brave and principled thing for Ecuador to do. Now we have the U.S. election campaign, the Ecuadorian election is in February next year, and you have the White House feeling the political heat as a result of the true information that we have been publishing. WikiLeaks does not publish from the jurisdiction of Ecuador, from this embassy or in the territory of Ecuador; we publish from France, we publish from, from Germany, we publish from The Netherlands and from a number of other countries, so that the attempted squeeze on WikiLeaks is through my refugee status; and this is, this is really intolerable. It means that [they] are trying to get at a publishing organisation; they try and prevent it from publishing true information that is of intense interest to the American people and others about an election. PILGER : Tell us what would happen if you walked out of this embassy. ASSANGE : I would be immediately arrested by the British police and I would then be extradited either immediately to the United States or to Sweden. In Sweden I am not charged, I have already been previously cleared by the Senior Stockholm Prosecutor Eva Finne. We were not certain exactly what would happen there, but then we know that the Swedish government has refused to say that they will not extradite me to the United States we know they have extradited 100 per cent of people whom the U.S. has requested since at least 2000. So over the last fifteen years, every single person the U.S. has tried to extradite from Sweden has been extradited, and they refuse to provide a guarantee [that won't happen]. PILGER : People often ask me how you cope with the isolation in here. ASSANGE : Look, one of the best attributes of human beings is that they're adaptable; one of the worst attributes of human beings is they are adaptable. They adapt and start to tolerate abuses, they adapt to being involved themselves in abuses, they adapt to adversity and they continue on. So in my situation, frankly, I'm a bit institutionalised — this [the embassy] is the world … it's visually the world for me. PILGER : It's the world without sunlight, for one thing, isn't it? ASSANGE : It's the world without sunlight, but I haven't seen sunlight in so long, I don't remember it. PILGER : Yes. ASSANGE : So , yes, you adapt. The one real irritant is that my young children — they also adapt. They adapt to being without their father. That's a hard, hard adaption which they didn't ask for. PILGER : Do you worry about them? ASSANGE : Yes, I worry about them; I worry about their mother. 'I am innocent and in arbitrary detention' PILGER : Some people would say, 'Well, why don't you end it and simply walk out the door and allow yourself to be extradited to Sweden?' ASSANGE : The U.N. [the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention] has looked into this whole situation. They spent eighteen months in formal, adversarial litigation. So it's me and the U.N. verses Sweden and the U.K. Who's right? The U.N. made a conclusion that I am being arbitrarily detained illegally, deprived of my freedom and that what has occurred has not occurred within the laws that the United Kingdom and Sweden, and that those countries must obey. It is an illegal abuse. It is the United Nations formally asking, 'What's going on here? What is your legal explanation for this? Assange says that you should recognise his asylum.' And here is. Sweden formally writing back to the United Nations to say, 'No, we're not going to recognise the UN ruling, so leaving open their ability to extradite. I just find it absolutely amazing that the narrative about this situation is not put out publically in the press, because it doesn't suit the Western establishment narrative — that yes, the West has political prisoners, it's a reality, it's not just me, there's a bunch of other people as well. The West has political prisoners. Of course, no state accepts that it should call the people it is imprisoning or detaining for political reasons, political prisoners. They don't call them political prisoners in China, they don't call them political prisoners in Azerbaijan and they don't call them political prisoners in the United States, U.K. or Sweden; it is absolutely intolerable to have that kind of self-perception. ASSANGE : Here we have a case, the Swedish case, where I have never been charged with a crime, where I have already been cleared by the Stockholm prosecutor and found to be innocent, where the woman herself said that the police made it up, where the United Nations formally said the whole thing is illegal, where the State of Ecuador also investigated and found that I should be given asylum. Those are the facts, but what is the rhetoric? PILGER : Yes, it's different. ASSANGE : The rhetoric is pretending, constantly pretending that I have been charged with a crime, and never mentioning that I have been already previously cleared, never mentioning that the woman herself says that the police made it up. The rhetoric is trying to avoid the truth that the U.N. formally found that the whole thing is illegal, never even mentioning that Ecuador made a formal assessment through its formal processes and found that yes, I am subject to persecution by the United States.

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 6, 2016 Thomas Erdbrink — New York Times Nov 5, 2016 In the past, Iranians looking to mock the United States would burn cardboard effigies of Uncle Sam or Lady Liberty. But in recent months, as the U.S. presidential election took a series of bizarre turns, Iranians seeking to make fun of the 'Great Satan” ditched the arts and crafts and simply switched on their TV sets. Iran's state television, a bastion of ideologues, for once interrupted its regular programing of the 'murders and crimes committed” by the United States, and instead aired all three debates between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump — live. In a country that tightly controls information about the United States and depictions of Western democracy generally, the decision to air the debates was unprecedented. The election is an opportunity for Iranian hard-liners rather than a threat, insiders said. 'We only need to sit back and let these candidates show themselves how idiotic they are,” said Hamidreza Taraghi, a conservative analyst and a regular guest on state television. 'The best way for us to prove that the U.S. government is corrupt and hideous is by showing these people live on our TV.” Live, yes, but some parts — especially those criticizing Iran — were not fully translated. After each debate, experts would discuss and agree that the U.S., especially in its current state, 'cannot do a damn thing.” Iran's political establishment has been thoroughly enjoying the campaign. Not because the ruling clerics favor either candidate, but because, they say, the tenor of the debates shows the 'catastrophe” that U.S. democracy has become. On Tuesday, Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, called the U.S. election 'a spectacle for exposing their crimes and debacles.” Khamenei seized on the campaign's tawdriest details: accusations of infidelity and sexual assault. 'The remarks made by these two U.S. presidential candidates over the last few weeks on immoral issues — which are, for the most part, not baseless accusations — are enough to disgrace America,” he said during a speech commemorating the 1979 takeover of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran. His supporters responded enthusiastically by shouting, 'Death to America.” Trump, the Republican nominee, was not mentioned by name, but the ayatollah seemed to praise his outspokenness, saying: 'People pay more attention to him.” The candidate, he said, is tapping into genuine American dissatisfaction. 'Because the people look at what he says and see it is true,” Khamenei said. 'They see it in the facts of their lives.” Since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, Iran has been officially anti-American. Many ordinary Iranians have milder feelings for the U.S., where more than 2 million of their relatives live. Iran's leaders, however, are entangled in a constant battle for power and influence with the United States, which was long the strongest power in the Middle East. The U.S. withdrawals from Iraq and Afghanistan have emboldened Iran. Leaders felt comfortable enough to cut a nuclear deal with the U.S. and expand Iranian influence in the region, local analysts said. 'America is no longer a superpower in the region. It's weak in the Middle East. They are now only one of the players,” said Jalal Barzegar, a reformist journalist. 'It's now just a country.” For Iranians uninterested in watching the debates, Iran's state television had another option. In recent weeks it has been airing Netflix's 'House of Cards,” called 'House of Straw” here because playing cards is considered un-Islamic. Kevin Spacey's portrayal as the conniving politician Frank Underwood is the perfect embodiment of the 'inhumane face” of U.S. politics, state television officials have said. Apparently, Khamenei has also been watching. In his recent speech, he quoted a line uttered by Spacey in the series. ''Shake with your right hand, but hold a rock in your left one,' as they say themselves,” Khamenei said. 'This is the kind of people they are.”

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / On Trump and the Jews Essential Reading David Icke Debunked By wmw_admin on September 10, 2012 
This website shares Les Visible's doubts about David Icke. Others do too and as the linked video here explains, with good reason Back to the Future!!! Part 1 By wmw_admin on May 21, 2007 
Geological evidence points to an cataclysmic event that almost defies comprehension. The problem is that it may just happen again … and soon too. The 9/11 Solution: The Big Clue Everyone Missed By wmw_admin on July 21, 2008 
Google removed this video but a reader sent in a copy. Watch how the media carefully manipulates coverage of the events of 9/11, as they interview 'experts' who provide the cover story that has gone to make up the standard govt/media version of 9/11 Coming Clean By wmw_admin on April 29, 2004 
Chemtrails are not the product of some 'Conspiracy Theory'. They are real. We get the low down from an aircraft mechanic who has done his own investigating They Live By wmw_admin on August 19, 2012 
Considered by some as prophetic, many will find eerie echoes of present day concerns in John Carpenters 24-year-old 'They Live'. View the cult classic here The true inside facts about the 7/7 London bombings By wmw_admin on January 21, 2008 
What this website has long suspected has been confirmed. James Casbolt, himself a former MI6 operative, gets the inside story from a disaffected member of British Intelligence on who was really behind the 7/7 bombings and why The 'Six Million” Myth By wmw_admin on April 16, 2011 
Long before it became a crime in some countries to question the Holocaust, in fact before it is even supposed to have happened, Zionists were invoking the figure of 'Six Million” and talking of a sacrifice for Israel This Will Shock You To The Core: 9/11 from Cheney to Mossad By wmw_admin on September 13, 2015 
Rebekah Roth has uncovered new 'bombshell” evidence relating to Dick Cheney, Israeli art students, Mossad bomb experts and 9/11 The Origins of Modern Banking By wmw_admin on January 2, 2004 
It was Thomas Jefferson who said, 'banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies”. And as Kieron McFadden reveals, he was not being alarmist The Mastermind Behind 911? By wmw_admin on February 11, 2005 
He recieved hardly any media attention while chief financial officer at the Pentagon, but he might just be THE KEY FIGURE behind the events of 911

ARTICLE

By Smoking Mirrors on November 6, 2016 Smoking Mirrors — Nov 6, 2016 Dog Poet Transmitting……. It's Saturday, late afternoon and Tuesday is two days away, if you don't count the rest of today or Tuesday because it would then be Tuesday and not away anymore. Then again, it will take all day Tuesday for whatever the nonsense is to complete itself and possibly into the next day as well. One thing that this election has done and which hasn't come to the attention of many people is that it has woken the public up. The public has been able to see first hand the level of media bias and the cynically suckupping celebrities. It has been able to see the intensity of the lies in all those political commercials; like the one that said Trump was walking in on naked beauty contestants, some of whom were only 15 years old. That one amused me. I have never seen the degree of vituperation that has been taking place. I have never seen the media so clearly expose itself for what it is. It did it in such a way and to such a degree that even the wet brain American public was able to see it. Mr Apocalypse is like an expensive watch; a multiplicity of gears turning and each gear is a kind of plot construct and it seems impossible to tell which of them are turning all of the others. You might term it a wheels within wheels kind of thing, or a number of those acts of misdirection from a great magician. All the while a variety of events seem to be taking place but what is happening is that something else, entirely different, is being woven out of them. All the while, as the psychopaths and opportunists are having their way, their every machinations is being recorded for posterity and their every act is being choreographed to a specific end. Destiny is one of those words, one of those concepts, like Karma that has a temporal meaning over a broad surface spectrum, because of the varieties of interpretations given by this one or that one …but these words have much deeper interpretations that exist, according to the depth of the one giving the interpretations. Destiny has an individual application and then various broader applications. Families have destinies, towns and cities have destinies, nations have destinies and even planets have destinies, as do solar systems and galaxies. The gods have a destiny. The gods have Karma and all of the aforementioned do as well. This accounts for some of those who walked out on their families and the towns and cities they were birthed in and grew up in. They were in search of something they carried with them as they went looking. It doesn't matter where you are. No matter where you are, there you are and the most priceless and valuable thing that it is possible to acquire, you are transporting from place to place as you look for it under the guise of everything else. The first consideration any human being ought to make in this life is to ponder what it is that is distracting them from self inquiry. What is it that makes it so difficult to scrutinize the imponderables of existence. How is it that one can see the Sun and Moon in the sky and the glittering and countless stars and not know that there is some grand and majestic power at work. How can one pass by the Buddhas and Hindu gods in the antique shop window and no wonder about the tales that attend them? How can one not make the connection between the face of a new born baby and an old man sitting in his chair on a porch? How can one attend birthday parties and all those other celebrations and then attend a funeral and not make the connection that since they were present at all of the other events, how could they not expect that a funeral would be held for them? There is a story about the Pandava Brothers where Dharma appears as a stork to one of the brothers and asks him what the greatest mystery is. The brother doesn't know and the stork says, 'That you see men dying all around you and do not think that you yourself will die.” Was that in the Mahabharata? I'm not remembering it that well but it's been decades since I read the major books from the Hindu tradition; except for The Bhagavad Gita that always seems to be around here somewhere (grin). I cannot shake the feeling that some shocking surprises are looming in the Event Horizon. I also cannot get around the feeling of this unshakable optimism that suffuses the atmosphere all around me. There are threats of earthquakes and tsunamis. There are wars and rumors of wars. There is the specter of economic collapse. The worst of it is the collective immersion of the human psyche in material culture. Without this freakish zombie obsession the self styled elite would have no power over the rest of us but it is like pouring swill into a hog trough with the certainty that the hogs will come a running. It is a form of pornography even worse than the usual fare. It's the single most difficult hurdle of them all. Human ignorance and indifference are what makes all of the visible evil possible and hardly anyone even sees it. It's business as usual. It is the daily redundancy of the dream walkers, lumbering up and down the aisles of somewhere in search of something. It is the unexamined lives from cradle to grave with nothing understood and nothing to remember; precious lives wasted and in vain. Few realize the value and privilege of a human birth. Fewer still realize the potential of it. Powerful invisible forces wait at the ready for any and every person who begins to show an interest in the hidden side of existence. They watch to see who awakens to the joy of service. They pray for the opportunity to assist in every righteous endeavor. These days more time is spent publicizing a person's acts of alleged charity than the act was worth. Wealth is relative and so is the value of one's contributions. We've become a cartoon in so many ways. Bruce Springsteen canceled his North Carolina leg of his tour because North Carolina wouldn't back down from George Soros's efforts to create gender neutral bathrooms . Should Hillary succeed in stealing the election, you may be sure that she will continue all of the perversion themes of Bwak! Obama because the same people that own him, own her. I can't imagine that who becomes president is going to make a great deal of difference because America has a specific Destiny and a specific Karma and we are watching it unwind. In the meantime, regardless of the threats of earthquakes and tsunamis, wars and rumors of wars, economic collapses, political psychopathy and whatever else is out there, a spiritual renaissance is being generated for those so inclined. Anything is possible so I won't conjecture what might or might not happen. Flying saucers could come out of the skies. The people who live in the Earth might migrate to the surface. The aliens among us might suddenly expose themselves in their real skin. Holographic Jesus could materialize all over the world at the same time. The mist around Shambala could dissolve and reveal itself and then the Destiny of that scenario could play out. Portals could open all over the planet and those who are able to see them could walk through them into another world or dimension. There is no telling what may or may not occur but it goes without saying that it can't continue to go on the way it has been going and that we are pretty much assured of sweeping and dramatic changes greater than most of us can imagine. The solution is… whatever you come up with based on what you are after or… my version, complete surrender to and reliance on the ineffable who is in absolute control of all of it in the first and… last place and all spaces and places in between. If one is capable of uniting their consciousness with the cosmic consciousness then one enters into the cosmic consciousness and becomes a visible representative of the invisible. There's a learning curve of course but once muscle memory and all the rest of those memories come on line one is in a positions to sail like a swan upon the river of time. Hassan I Sabbah once said, 'Nothing is real, everything is permitted.” Certainly according to appearances (grin). He happens to be right and the only difference between any of us is determined by one's intention and that decides the good and the bad of it… relatively speaking. It is my hope that all of you not only pass through the flotsam and jetsam that is coming in on the tide but that you absolutely flourish. See you somewhere around Tuesday. End Transmission……. Visible reads from the 6th chapter of'The Way to The Kingdom”

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on September 5, 2006 
Extracts from a talk given by Lee Brown at the 1986 Continental Indigenous Council, Tanana Valley, Fairbanks, Alaska. Six Million Jews 1915-1938 By wmw_admin on March 4, 2013 
Years before Hitler and WWII the iconic figure of six million Jews was being widely promulgated. Here are a few examples The Man Who Would Be King By Rixon Stewart on April 15, 2008 
Some say that Prince Michael of Albany has a more legitimate claim to the throne of England than the Windsors. Are they right? And why are the Windsors and the mainstream media delberately ignoring him? Affidavit of Richard Tomlinson By wmw_admin on February 14, 2008 
'I firmly believe that there exist documents held by the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) that would yield important new evidence into the cause and circumstances leading to the death of the Princess of Wales.” Bilderberg Meeting – Media Should Be Ashamed By wmw_admin on July 12, 2003 
Why do the Bilderberg meetings receive so little coverage. Victor Thorn examines why, and how, real news is suppressed by the mainstream media Caught but not about to be arrested: Craft International Trained Men at Boston Bombing Location Before Attack By wmw_admin on April 19, 2013 
What are privately owned military teams doing at the Boston Marathon? Photographic evidence of who was behind the blasts Soros/CIA Plan to Destabilize Europe By Wayne Madsen on September 28, 2015 
The same forces that orchestrated the various 'colour revolutions' and the 'Arab Spring' are behind Europe's migrant crisis. Wayne Madsen explains The Essene Gospel of Peace II By wmw_admin on April 26, 2007 
Translated by Purcell Weaver and Edmond Szekely from its original Aramiac, a language that today few know but 2000 years ago was the language that Christ spoke and taught with The Life of an American Jew in Racist Marxist Israel Part I By wmw_admin on July 2, 2007 
Jack Bernstein was a rarity, an American Zionist who 'returned' to Israel, not for a holiday but to live and die in Israel building a Jewish nation. What makes him almost one of a kind, however, was his ability to see through the sham of Zionism

ARTICLE

By wmw_admin on November 6, 2016 Pepe Escobar — Sputnik News Oct 31, 2016 
'As bad as it is the folks above the President make the decisions. They may have decided on Trump. These things do not happen by accident.” 
Thus spoke a high-level US business mover and shaker with secure transit in rarified Masters of the Universe-related circles, amidst the utter political chaos provoked by head of the FBI James Comey's latest bombshell. 
It's virtually established by now that US Attorney General Loretta Lynch told Comey not to release his letter to Congress. But Comey did it anyway. If he had not, and a scandal would – inevitably – spring up after the US presidential election, Lynch would be perfectly positioned to deny she knew anything, and Comey would be on the firing line. 
Lynch is a certified Clinton machine asset. In 1999 then-President Bill Clinton appointed her to run the Brooklyn US Attorney's office. She left in 2002, taking the private practice revolving door. She was back to the Brooklyn office in 2010, urged by Obama. Five years later she became the 83rd US Attorney General, replacing the dodgy Eric Holder. 
A plausible case has been made that Comey took his fateful decision based on a serious internal revolt at the FBI – led by key people he trust — as well as being egged-on by his wife. 
Yet one of the key questions that refuse to go away is why the FBI waited until 11 days before the US presidential election to supposedly 'find” an email trove on certified sexting pervert Anthony Weiner's laptop. A Deal With Donald? 
The business source, although unsympathetic to the Clinton machine, especially in foreign policy, is a realpolitik practitioner, not a conspiracy theorist. He is adamant that, 'the FBI reversal could not have happened without orders above the President. If the Masters [of the Universe] have changed their mind, then they will destroy Hillary.” He adds, 'they can make a deal with Donald just like anyone else; Donald wins; the Masters win; the people think that their voice has been heard. And then there will be some sort of (controlled) change.” 
What's paramount in the whole soap opera is the faith in the US political system — as corrupt as it may be — must endure. That mirrors the faith in the US dollar; if confidence in the US dollar fails, the US as a hegemonic financial power is no more. 
The source is equally adamant that, 'it is almost unprecedented to see a cover-up as extensive as Hillary's. A secret meeting between Bill Clinton and the Attorney General; the FBI ignoring all evidence and initially clearing Hillary to near rebellion of the whole of the FBI, attested to by Rudolf Giuliani whose reputation as a federal prosecutor is unquestioned; the Clinton 'pay for play” foundation. The Masters are troubled that this is getting out of hand.” 
The record shows that 'the Masters do not usually have to go to such lengths to protect their own. They did manage to save Bill Clinton from the Monica Lewinsky perjury and keep him in the presidency. The Masters were not attacked in this case. They even got away with the 1987 cash settlement crash and the theft surrounding the Lehman debacle. In all these cases there were no overarching challenges to their control, as we see now open to the public by Trump. They antagonized and insulted the wrong man.” All Aboard the Huma Train 
Hillary Clinton is not at the center of Comey's jaw-dropping October Surprise; it's actually her right-hand woman and ersatz 'daughter” Huma Abedin. This early January essay on Huma Abedin contains plenty of nuggets out and about – some of them positively eyebrow raising. 
In case Hillary Clinton becomes the next President of the United States (POTUS), Abedin, alternatively known as Princess of Saudi Arabia, will most likely become Hillary's chief of staff – the power behind running all White House operations. 
A glimpse of the FBI-Huma Abedin connection is available here. Abedin was granted Top Secret security clearance for the first time in 2009, when Hillary named her deputy chief of staff for operations. Abedin later said she 'did not remember” being read into any Special Access Programs (SAPs). It's crucial to remember that one of Abedin's emails was huma@clintonemail.com. Crucial translation: she was the only high-level State Dept. aide whose emails were hosted by the notorious Subterranean Clinton Email Server – which she claimed she didn't know existed until she heard about it in the news. 
Abedin swore under oath in a lawsuit brought against the State Dept. by Judicial Watch that she had handed over all of her laptops and smart phones that could host emails relevant to the Subterranean Email Server investigation. 
That may not have been the case. The laptop at the center of Comey's bombshell was shared by Abedin and her husband Wiener before they split. If Abedin lied, she could face up to five years in jail for perjury. As if the whole illegal email-cum-sexting saga was not sordid enough, the 'climax” now seems to have turned into a mixed wrestling match between the former couple, with the big 'prize” being the slammer. 
The FBI has finally obtained a warrant and is now frantically searching no less than 650,000 Abedin emails found on sexting freak Wiener's laptop; the objective is to exactly determine which ones came from the Subterranean Email Server. 
As if this was not demeaning enough, the FBI continues to conduct an investigation on the Clinton Foundation. As former Assistant Director of the FBI Tom Fuentes said , 'The FBI has an intensive investigation ongoing into the Clinton Foundation…the investigation would go forward as a comprehensive unified case and be coordinated, so that investigation is ongoing and Huma Abedin and her role and activities concerning Secretary of State in the nature of the foundation and possible 'pay to play', that's still being looked at now.” 
Whatever happens until election day, US voters will have to consider the startling fact they may choose a next POTUS that is the subject of a wide-ranging 'comprehensive unified” FBI investigation. A Rotten, Rigged System? 
A former federal public corruption prosecutor volunteers a plausible take on Comey's action. In a nutshell, FBI agents investigating Weiner's sexting – and they are a different set of agents investigating Emailgate — saw evidence of State Dept emails on his laptop. Comey knew he needed a search warrant to comb the emails at Wiener's computer. So he pre-empted the – inevitable – subsequent hype by 'sending out a vague…letter to the Hill” that in the end left everyone even more confused. 
That interpretation though may be only scratching the surface. Deeper and deeper, it seems that Comey's decision was really precipitated by the senior FBI agents' insurgence – fed up with the 'extreme carelessness” Hillary cover-up. They've got to have some surefire material on the Clinton (cash) machine that never saw the light. Comey could have just waited to say something after the election; after all the FBI maintains they had checked all Clinton emails, including deleted ones, not to mention the Podesta emails. So the emails on sexting Wiener's laptop may be no more than a limited hangout. 
A much more plausible explanation is that Comey had to do it not only because of the FBI internal revolt (or because he had an urge to upstage WikiLeaks?) He had to do it because the rot goes way beyond the Clinton 'pay to play” racket and involves virtually the whole system, from the deep recesses of the Obama administration to the War Party scam, the Department of Justice, the CIA and the FBI itself. 
What next? Brace for impact; it may well be the ultimate November Surprise.

ARTICLE

By Robert Fisk on November 6, 2016 Robert Fisk — The Independent Nov 4, 2016 Syrian soldiers stand before their tanks at Quneitra, a few hundred metres from the front line with Nusrah Islamists and only five miles from Israeli troops on the Golan Heights. Click to enlarge 
From Colonel Saleh's forward position on his front line north of Quneitra, he has a unique and exclusive view of the Syrian war. To his west and south is a vast area of his country which is occupied by Jabhat al-Nusra Islamist fighters – their earthen ramparts and supply roads are scarcely half a mile away. Then, another couple of miles away, Israeli soldiers are inside their concrete positions on the occupied Syrian Golan Heights, above the old and Nusra-held Syrian city of Quneitra. 
'You see that mosque over there, just to the right of the water tower?” the colonel asks. 'Well, Nusra is there. And you see the triangular hill beyond? The Israelis are there.” It's what you call a politically intriguing battlefield – yes, shells do come whizzing in towards the Syrians from Nusra and also from the Israelis. The Syrians concentrate their fire on Nusra but Nusra's casualties are often taken through the Israeli lines for hospital treatment in Haifa. 
So whose side is Israel on? Baath City is a concrete conurbation created back in pre-civil war days to defy the vandalisation of the old Quenitra. It was occupied by the Israeli army during the 1973 Middle East war and then – before they abandoned it under the Kissinger agreement – totally destroyed with explosives by Israeli troops. Nusra now occupy these 43-year old ruins. As for Baath City, its university, banks, fire station, schools, police force and hospitals are defiantly maintained by the Syrians under the eyes of their two enemies: the Nusra Islamists and the Israelis. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits a military field hospital in the Golan Heights medical facility where wounded 'Syrian rebels” are being treated. Click to enlarge 
According to the Syrian army in Baath City – their forward lines and tanks are positioned in unfinished apartment blocks on the edge of the town – their intelligence department's Hebrew speakers constantly monitor conversations between the Israelis and between Israeli and Nusra fighters. They know – and the Israelis have made no secret of the fact – that wounded Nusrah fighters are taken to Haifa for hospital treatment. On one occasion, a Nusrah man travelling in an Israeli ambulance on the Golan was dragged from the vehicle and lynched by a crowd of enraged Druze men who are largely loyal to the Syrian government and regard Nusrah as their mortal enemies. Reports of the man's murder highlighted the highly ambiguous relationship between Israel and the Islamists, whose name-changing cannot conceal their al-Qaeda roots. 
Druze towns inside Syria and close to Baath City have taken the side of the regime – this does not apply to other Druze areas – but it makes the geography of the front line here all the more surreal. One Syrian lieutenant described to me how he directed his artillery fire onto an Israeli jeep in the Nusra-occupied town of Al-Hamidiya inside Syria and destroyed it. The jeep might have been a gift or borrowed from Israel – whether there were any Israeli personnel inside it if it was hit is another matter. The Syrians, however, also say that Israeli bulldozers were used to build a new supply route for Nusrah between Quneitra and Golan – again, inside Syria's frontiers. 
All of which raises a compelling question. The Nusra-controlled territory between the Syrians and the Israeli lines on Golan – and other Islamist groups and a few remnants of the old 'Free Syrian Army” allied to them in this location – stretches all the way south to the edge of the Syrian city of Deraa and right down to the Jordanian frontier. And beyond that frontier is the so-called 'Military Operations Centre” – the 'MOC” of which both the Islamists and the Syrian army refer – where Western intelligence officers maintain a liaison and weapons supply depot for the anti-government Syrian forces. 
So what is the relationship between the MOC and its Western backers – who maintain contact with Nusra – and the Israelis who treat Nusra's wounded in their hospitals? The Jordanian border and the Israeli lines on Golan are at their most only about 70 miles apart and opposition fighters hold all the land in between. 
Littered around the front lines outside Baath City are the wreckage of past battles and the abandoned UN posts from which Filipino UN soldiers were kidnapped en masse more than a year ago; the Syrian army now occupies several of these positions, the UN logo still painted on the walls although several of the 'igloo”-type UN accommodation huts have migrated to Syrian compounds in the rear lines. The UN force on Golan now operates only inside Israeli-occupied territory. 
Only a few hundred yards away from Nusra-held territory, we found Abu Hashem, a farmer who fled from his village, now held by the Islamists, living today in family property close to one of the old UN posts. He fed us tea and coffee and walnuts from his orchard. His wife and six children now exist in this unfinished, cold house along with a small library of books – the speeches of Imam Ali (the 'Najul Blagha”) and a collection of medical books of Aleppo herbal cures for headaches and kidney infection, published in Beirut. He says the people in his Nusra-occupied village are divided. Some are sympathetic towards the Islamists – they are not fighters – while others are sometimes permitted by Nusrah to cross the front lines for treatment in Syrian government hospitals. They are Bedouins and farmers, the unsettled and the landowners, always prey to the wolves of civil war insurgents. 
Colonel Saleh, who is 50 years old, has been guarding his echoing and weed-strewn apartment blocks on the edge of Baath City for three years, noting wearily that the Israelis attack his army but never attack Nusra who – being al-Qaeda – might logically have earned Israel's enmity. But no. 'I know every stone here,” the colonel says. 'I can see if a rock or a vehicle has moved across the fields in front of us – and I can immediately see if one vehicle has become two vehicles. We know when they are going to attack – they always precede their offensives with a big artillery and mortar barrage.” 
Sometimes the voices of Nusra men shout insults at the Syrians on their own radio sets, calling them 'kafirs” – ''infidels” or 'unbelievers”. 'If I am in a good mood, I invite them for coffee,” Colonel Saleh says. 'If I'm in a bad mood, I am silent. Their accents are very similar to the Jordanians. They come from the south of Deraa, along the Jordanian border.” 
As we spoke, further down the line, the Syrians and Nusra were fighting with tanks, artillery and mortars. The Syrians claimed that their enemies arrived in several directions in a convoy of at least 13 vehicles. They spoke, too, of a Nusra female officer called Souad al-Qatahani (nicknamed 'Al-Nood”), the 30-year-old sister of a Nusrah general called Qais al-Omani who commanded 1,200 fighters. She was, they pointed out rather remarkably, a former first lieutenant in their own Syrian government army. 
And one further feature that the Syrians have noted about their enemies outside Baath City. Whenever Nusra fire a missile, they have to take a photograph of the rocket leaving its launcher – presumably to prove to their suppliers that they have not sold the weapon to someone else. Trust, as usual in the Syrian war, is in short supply.

ARTICLE

Behind the headlines - conspiracies, cover-ups, ancient mysteries and more. Real news and perspectives that you won't find in the mainstream media. Browse: Home / U.S. Elections 'November Chaos”: What You're Not Being Told Essential Reading The Advent of the Anti-Christ II By Rixon Stewart on August 6, 2010 
If or more likely when war erupts with Iran it will herald the appearance of an ominous figure long foretold. And guess what? We think we've spotted him One Day in Birmingham By Nick Kollerstrom on February 12, 2010 
The terror outrages in Britain last year may not have been the work of 'Muslim extremists”. A series of virtually unreported events in a Birmingham hotel suggest the covert involvement of Britain's intelligence agencies in orchestrating events Before and after the 'Holocaust”: Jewish population numbers in 1933 and 1948 By wmw_admin on November 30, 2013 
During the time Hitler was supposed to have killed six million Jews — between 1933 and 1948 — the world's Jewish population actually increased from 15,315,000 to 15,753,000 Scallywag Magazine article on Lord McAlpine and Derek Laud By wmw_admin on November 15, 2012 
We repost this original 1990s article as it marks the beginning of an ongoing saga of depravity in British politics Dimensional Shift and the New Earth- Has Jesus Christ Spoken? By wmw_admin on April 24, 2011 
Is this the most important book written since the original Gospels 2,000 years ago? We leave you to decide The Liberation of the Camps By wmw_admin on January 27, 2016 
It is tantamount to virtual heresy to question the 'Holocaust' today. But did the extermination of 6 million really happen as we've been taught? The Illuminati Chronicles Part II By wmw_admin on November 28, 2007 
A Short History of the New World Order Part II By cyberpatriot@hotmail.com Aug. 10, 1973 – David Rockefeller writes an article for the 'New York Times” describing his recent visit to Red China: 'Whatever the price of the Chinese Revolution, it has obviously succeeded not only in producing more efficient and dedicated administration, but also […] Bloody Bill Clinton – American Caligula By wmw_admin on September 1, 2006 
The real legacy of Clinton's term of office: the chilling body count of those connected with him, who died in unusual or suspicious circumstances Who Really Murdered Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman? By wmw_admin on February 28, 2015 
Revelations that a US soldier was the killer would have jeopardised public support for the 'War on Terror”. Hence a frame-up was required. A Joe Vialls classic recovered.

