ARTICLE

New Wikileaks documents show that Hillary Clinton, in association with the mainstream media, was given debate questions ahead of time. It's also been rumored that the former First Lady may have used an ear piece at one of the debates, giving her a significant advantage.
Last week footage of the final Presidential debate begain circling the internet and showed that Clinton may have been using some sort of screen at her podium. While many dismissed this as a lighting effect, an investigation by Piper McGowin at The Daily Sheeple suggests that Hillary may have actually been using some sort of tablet device .
The following video will leave little doubt that something just wasn't right at the last debate. As you'll see, Hillary, who claims she was merely taking notes, was actually reading directly off of the podium, almost as if someone was feeding her answers and bullet points.
Moreover, and quite damning, the notes Hillary was supposedly taking were were being written down with a pen that didn't have a tip on it . So, either she wasn't taking notes, or, she was using a stylus on an electronic device.
Watch this incredible video and decide for yourself:

( Watch directly at Youtube ) 
For an extensive breakdown of the Wikileaks notes that add further legitimacy to the claims that Hillary's podium is loaded with cheat-tech, we encourage you read Leaked Emails Reveal Hillary Can't Speak for Very Long Without a Podium 
Related: Leaked Email: 'If She Wins, Hillary Will Own the Supreme Court for the Next 30 to 40 Years' and Did You Notice the Secret Message Behind Hillary During Last Night's Debate? 
ARTICLE


This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
Editor's Comment: Of course everyone knew, deep down, that Obama was fully aware of Hillary's private emails, but now there is proof that the campaigns sought to cover up and clean up the evidence to it. Team Hillary went so far as to use bleach bit, a ridiculously thorough way of erasing one's digital footprint. Before she even takes office, she is embroiled in a scandal many magnitudes bigger than Watergate… and yet… nothing. 
No one falls on their sword; no one drops out; no one is held accountable. It seems that 'Teflon' will out-survive even the cockroaches and nuclear wars… 
Can all the media spin and vote rigging really hold all this together? Can the FBI get away with looking the other way, and still pretend to uphold a nation of laws? Will the American people accept her 'victory' and go on about their daily lives? 
The Smoking Gun: Cheryl Mills Tells Podesta 'We Need To Clean This Up – Obama Has Emails From Her' 
by Tyler Durden
Recall that in a March 2015 interview with CBS, just after the NYT reported of Hillary's use of a private email server, president Obama told the American public he had only learned about Hillary's 'unusual' arrangement from the press.
As we further reminded readers one month ago, CBS News senior White House correspondent Bill Plante asked Mr. Obama when he learned about her private email system after his Saturday appearance in Selma, Alabama. ' The same time everybody else learned it through news reports ,' the president told Plante. ' The policy of my administration is to encourage transparency, which is why my emails, the BlackBerry I carry around, all those records are available and archived ,' Mr. Obama said. 'I'm glad that Hillary's instructed that those emails about official business need to be disclosed.'

Unfortunately, the 'transparency' of the Obama administration was severely tarnished in late September , when in the FBI's interview notes with Huma Abedin released by the FBI it was first revealed that Obama had used a pseudonymous email account: 'Once informed that the sender's name is believed to be pseudonym used by the president, Abedin exclaimed: 'How is this not classified?'' the report says. 'Abedin then expressed her amazement at the president's use of a pseudonym and asked if she could have a copy of the email.'
To be sure, this was not definitive evidence that Obama was aware of Hillary's email server, nor that there may have been collusion between the president and the Clinton campaign.
That changed today, however, when in the latest Podesta dump we learn that in an email from Cheryl Mills to John Podesta, the Clinton aide upon learning what Obama had just said…
I have some questions here pic.twitter.com/ufkeoZCx2m 
— Katherine Miller (@katherinemiller) March 7, 2015 

… countered with something quite stunning:
we need to clean this up – he has emails from her – they do not say state.gov That, ladies and gentlemen, is proof that the president not only lied, but did so with the clear intention of protecting the Clinton campaign.

As a further reminder, Politico previously reported that the State Department had refused to make public that and other emails Clinton exchanged with Obama. Lawyers cited the 'presidential communications privilege,' a variation of executive privilege, in order to withhold the messages under the Freedom of Information Act. It is therefore unknown what the president's 'alternative' email account was, or who hosted it.
This also explains why in a prior Wikileak, Podesta told Mills in an email titled 'Special Category' that she thinks ' we should hold emails to and from potus? That's the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I(t) seems like they will. ' Mills did not respond by email.
The Clinton-Obama emails were turned over to the State Department, which later announced it would not release them.
* * *
So just how did Mills and Podesta 'clean up' the fact that Obama lied to the American people, a tactic some could allege is evidence of an attempt to cover up a presidential lie to protect Hillary Clinton.
What we do know, and we assume this is completely unrelated, between March 25-31, just a couple of weeks after Mills said 'we need to clean this up,' Bleachbit was used to wipe Hillary's private server clean. But of course, that is purely a coincidence.
Since we are confident others will also demand an answer, in light of the latest revelation hinting at a collusive cover up extending to the very top of US government, or as Cheryl Mills dubbed it a 'clean up', perhaps it is time for the State Department to unveil just what was said between the president and the Clinton campaign?
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 

ARTICLE


This election remains more heated than any other in modern history – and for many, it has become a call to arms, even if only metaphorically.
Despite the fact that DNC operatives have been exposed as the ones inciting violence at rallies – Robert Creamer and Scott Foval for example – and working overtime to bus in illegal voters and rig the vote – the media is going out of its way to paint Trump supporters and grassroots Americans as the ones plotting violence.
Most recently, they are latching onto comments made by former congressman Joe Walsh, now a conservative radio host, who suggested he would 'pick up a musket' if Trump loses the election.
On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump.
On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket.
You in?
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 

 
Did Walsh mean to imply violence? That is certainly how the media is portraying it, as his comments spark controversy and fuel fire to the debate over the nearing election.
The irony that his commentary drew from the imagery of founding-era patriots who stood up to tyranny was deeply lost on the left, who see opponents to Hillary in black and white terms – racist, xenophobic, utterly deplorable and inherently violent.
CNN followed up, asking Walsh what he meant by statement.
via CNN :
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
[…]
Walsh … did respond to CNN's Jake Tapper via Twitter when he asked: 'What exactly does that mean?'
'It means protesting. Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back,' he responded to Tapper. 
@jaketapper It means protesting. Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back.
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 

After a firestorm on social media, Walsh doubled down, stating on Twitter:
I'm serious. I don't think a musket would do much good these days, but it's time for civil disobedience on the right. https://t.co/ThJPEbALWZ 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 

His heated rhetoric is a response to the endless episodes of fraud, dirty trick and foul play by the Hillary campaign, as it seems that she will stop at nothing to become the first female POTUS – just the sort of abuse of power that the founders warned about.
1775-76 erupted in response to a long train of abuses – acts of oppression and hostility listed in the Declaration of Independence that is being largely repeated in modern day America.
Could Hillary's reported election victory – or Donald Trump's defeat – signal civil unrest and a new wave of resistance, particularly if the results are widely viewed as fraudulent or 'rigged'? Trump, for one, has certainly been talking up the possibility of a stolen election.
The scenario is plausible enough that the Pentagon and Homeland Security have been carrying out secret drills in the lead up to the election to prepare for the possibility of a martial law response to violence or civil unrest.
As SHTF detailed in an exclusive report, a whistleblower has come forward on the ominous contingency plan to keep and/or restore order if the populace revolt against the establishment's 'selection' for president:
If there is any truth to it, the 2016 election could be a kick-off for total tyranny.
According to an unnamed source – who has provided accurate intel in the past – an unannounced military drill is scheduled to take place during a period leading up to the election and throughout the month after.
Date: October 30th – 30 days after the election 
Suspected Region: Northeast, specifically New York
1st Phase: NROL (No Rule of Law) – drill involving combat arms in metro areas (active and reserve). Source says active duty and reserve service members are being vaccinated as if they are being deployed in theatre.
2nd Phase: LROL (Limited Rule of Law) – Military/FEMA consolidating resources, controlling water supply, handing out to public as needed.
3rd Phase: AROL (Authoritarian Rule of Law) – Possible new acronym or term for 'Martial Law'. Curfew, restricted movements, basically martial law scenario.
Source said exercise involves FEMA/DHS/Military 
At this point, no one can say for certain what will happen in the aftermath of November 8, but it is clear that millions and millions of Americans are dissatisfied with the status quo, troubled about the economic realities perpetuated by the Fed and angry that Hillary may be put in the Oval Office rather than a jail cell, despite a trail of corruption with virtually no end.
How far will things go?
And will things ever be reset without a new American Revolution?
Read more: 
Unrest and Martial Law? Leaked Military Drill Anticipates 'No Rule of Law' After Election Results 
Trump Resists Pledge To 'Absolutely Accept' Election Results… But Why Should Anyone Accept Fraud? 
If Trump Wins, Will Obama Declare Martial Law To Remain In Office? 'These Are Not Normal Times' 
After Bernie Cheated By DNC, Trump Fears 'Election Going To Be Rigged' 
No One Can Stop Her… And She Knows It: 'This Election Won't Be Fair' 
This Is a Usurper, Not a Candidate: California Primary Was Stolen, And Hillary's 'Nomination a Coup' 
ARTICLE


Will the 2016 election be rigged?
That depends on what the definition of 'is' is – and whether or not you count blatant media bias, operatives and instigators, shady quasi-voters, bizarre electronic voting 'errors' and a heavy-handed advantage in the electoral college and the shifting demographics of a socialist state that promises much to certain groups.
With the GOP leadership turning its back on Trump, and the Democratic machine dedicated solely to providing for Her, it will be a difficult win for Trump, despite overwhelming enthusiasm at rallies across the entire country and lop-sided pro-Trump crowds that literally dwarf pro-Hillary gatherings of very few.
But as most everyone knows by now, it isn't the popular vote that counts – but only the delegates awarded state-by-state to the electoral college… and that is a game that Hillary's operatives are very good at playing.
There are several states that are being surprisingly maneuvered for her advantage… and if successful, will block Trump from even coming close the presidency.
Texas Could Turn 'Blue' For the First Time In 20 Years
This is the big enchilada, so to speak. For the first time in many decades, Texas is in play for Hillary and the Democrats. Texas has been as solidly 'red' as any state in the union, but 2016 could be different.
With 38 electoral votes, the Lone Star State is the biggest prize on the map next to California, whose 55 electoral votes have gone to the Democrats since before history began. Since at least 2008, the Dems have been massaging their electioneering strategy to capitalize on shifting demographics – with plenty of Hispanics in the next generation of voters. On paper, Hillary should be able to play well to Hispanics with all the controversy over Trump's immigration stances and talk of a border wall. Rumors of illegal immigrants be encouraged to vote could be a crucial factor, with polls in Texas close to neck and neck… it could go either way.

Of course, there is every reason to think that Team Hillary is not taking any chances.
As Michael Snyder and many others have reported , electronic voting machines have been mysteriously flipping votes for Hillary in several counties in Texas… and that doesn't bode well for a massive electoral prize that is within range for her campaign:
Early voting has already begun in many states, and a number of voters in Texas are reporting that the voting machines switched their votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. The odd thing is that none of the other choices were affected when these individuals attempted to vote for a straight Republican ticket. If Hillary Clinton is declared the winner of the state of Texas on election night, a full investigation of these voting machines should be conducted, because there is no way that Donald Trump should lose that state. I have said that it will be the greatest miracle in U.S. political history if Donald Trump wins this election, but without the state of Texas Donald Trump has exactly zero chance of winning.
At least one county is making an emergency switch to paper ballots after irregularities were found with the electronic machines during early voting.
Meanwhile, Infowars confronted the head of Texas' elections about his decision to violate voter laws and abandon a manual count of a random sampling of 1-3% of votes (which should theoretically reflect the larger voting trend, unless something is fishy). Without that count, there is less accountability than ever:

This is major issue, and Texas isn't the only state… just the biggest.
2. Utah's Independent Republican Could Actually Beat Trump 
OK, so Utah only has a grand total of 6 electoral college votes… and has never been a decisive swing state in a presidential election. But that is because the state has been so solidly 'red.' However, this election is totally different.
A little known independent candidate named Evan McMullin has actually taken the lead in several recent polls in Utah, and is neck-and-neck with both Trump and Hillary in several other polls (at or around 30% apiece). Libertarian Gary Johnson is also playing (relatively) well at about 5% – possibly enough to swing further momentum away form Trump.
But Evan McMullin is the real surprise hit – in a state that is suddenly considered an important battleground in the election.

McMullin is a Mormon, which gives him a significant boost. He is officially tied to Better for America, which is basically a #NeverTrump operation – backed by neocons like William Kristol. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Evan McMullin has a pretty colorful and telling background : on top of being a former policy director for House Republicans, he's also a former CIA operations officer; a member of the elite think tank Council on Foreign Relations (CFR); a former Goldman Sachs investment banker and a volunteer refugee resettlement officer for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Jordan.
Wow! I wonder if there could be an agenda there. Hillary probably won't win Utah, but Trump may not either – and it could make a crucial difference if he is within striking distance of 270 electoral votes.
3. Florida Is a Must Win Swing State for Trump… But Current Polls Show Possible Hillary Win 
Oh boy… Florida all over again. With 29 electoral votes, it remains a major contender that is so often on the fence and swinging in the wind. It is considered essential for a Trump victory, and indeed for just about any successful Republican bid for the presidency.
Sure, we all know the polls are rigged, and may be oversampling Dems to look better for Hillary on paper – but nonetheless, that perception drives expectations.
If She can create a convincing win there, it could change the course of the election once again. Florida has consistently been the closest outcome – in 2008 and 2012 it went blue for Obama; in 2000 and 2004 it went red for Bush (and not without major controversy and some very shady recounting).
Her team is pushing heavily for early voting in Florida, and so far they claim an early voting advantage.
But campaign surrogate Roger Stone is now reporting that Hillary has met secretly with Broward County officials in Florida, and there is speculation that problems with the voting machines may soon be happening all over again.

Pay very close to what happens there, because of course, Florida could be THE deciding state (again). Right now polls are within 2 points , currently in favor of Trump by a very narrow margin.
4. Colorado Has Known Voting Fraud Issues – With Dead People on the Voter Rolls 
With 9 electoral votes, Colorado is currently swinging 'blue' but could go either way. CBS4 and the Washington Times reported that an investigation was started by Colorado's Secretary of State after multiple examples were found of deceased people registered and in the voter rolls:
'This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,' Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. 'Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.' 
[…] 
'This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,' Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. 'Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.' 
It's not clear whether or not Colorado could make a difference in the outcome, but the results could prove suspect.
5. Hillary Is 'Leading' In These Key Swing States 
While Trump is expected to win the crucial state of Ohio, and also North Carolina, Hillary is projected to take key states including Pennsylvania, Colorado, Iowa, Virginia and Arizona.
According to the Washington Post :
if Clinton can hold Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Colorado, then she only needs one more out of many swing states — New Hampshire, Nevada, Ohio, Iowa, North Carolina, or Florida — barring any surprise Trump win in a blue-leaning state like Wisconsin. That is currently looking very plausible. 
While any of these could change in the actual outcome, it shows that Hillary has definitely maneuvered to win where it counts – not with the people, but with the electoral college.
The details are too numerous to follow here, and anything could happen.
6. You Know Voter Fraud Is Happening If the Media Claim It Isn't 
What should be very telling to everyone is how loudly the major media – in concert – are trying to debunk Trump's claims of voter fraud and insist that all is well when it is quite clear that there are major issues.

This is one claim that the system is very afraid of, because quite frankly, they have a great deal to hide.
There is more reason than ever for accountability, reporting on any irregularities and an insistence that the will of the people be respected – because the system is desperate to hold onto control at any cost.
Read more: 
Electronic Voting Machines Caught Switching Trump Votes To Hillary: 'Trying to Steal Texas' 
Trump Resists Pledge To 'Absolutely Accept' Election Results… But Why Should Anyone Accept Fraud? 
Unrest and Martial Law? Leaked Military Drill Anticipates 'No Rule of Law' After Election Results 
Trump Resists Pledge To 'Absolutely Accept' Election Results… But Why Should Anyone Accept Fraud? 
If Trump Wins, Will Obama Declare Martial Law To Remain In Office? 'These Are Not Normal Times' 
After Bernie Cheated By DNC, Trump Fears 'Election Going To Be Rigged' 

ARTICLE


A tidal wave is coming.
Michael Moore, a liberal's liberal who holds die-hard loyalty to Hillary Clinton, is acknowledging what everyone with a clear head recognizes: that she doesn't even remotely connect with the average voter, doesn't understand their problems – and above all, doesn't care about them.
Although Moore can't support Donald Trump, he seems to admire his ability to resonate with the actual problems that the people who formerly made up the middle class are going through – economic and otherwise. Moore, like Trump, understands the pulse of the people, though they differ in just about every other way.
This election represents a pivotal point, and an end of the line for the deal that people once held with their leaders. After decades of broken promises and deals to sell them short and sell them out, people have had enough.
THAT'S what this election is about.
Right or wrong, Trump represents a rebuke of the system – as Moore calls it, the ultimate 'F––– You' ever directed at the system.
If you make this go viral, Trump will win. It's 4 minutes that makes the choice in this election crystal clear. #EarlyVoting pic.twitter.com/UOgqSfet6a 
— Jared Wyand (@JaredWyand) October 25, 2016 

Here's some of what he said in an epic rant (reportedly excerpted from his rush-election film Trumpland) that is strangely validating of Trump's entire campaign:
Whether Trump means it or not, it's kind of irrelevant because he's saying the things that people who are hurting. And it's why every beaten down, nameless, forgotten working stiff who used to be part of what was called the middle-class loves Trump. 
'They're not racists or rednecks, they're actually pretty decent people. So, after talking to a number of them, I sort of wanted to sort of write this.'
[…]
Donald Trump came to the Detroit Economic Club and stood there in front of the Ford Motor executives and said: if you close these factories, as you are planning to do in Detroit, and rebuild them in Mexico, I am going to put a 35% tariff on those cars when you send them back and nobody's going to buy them. 
It was an amazing thing to see. No politician — Republican or Democrat — had ever said anything like that to these executives. It was music to the ears of people in Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. The Brexit states. You live here in Ohio. You know what I am talking about.
He is the human Molotov cocktail that they have been waiting for. The human hand grenade that they can legally throw into the system that stole their lives from them. And on November 8th — Election Day — although they have lost their jobs. Although they've been foreclosed on by the bank. Next came the divorce and now the wife and kids are gone. The car's been repossessed. They haven't had a real vacation in years. They're stuck with the shitty Obamacare bronze plan. They can't even get a f**king percocet.
They have essentially lost everything they had…except one thing. The one thing that doesn't cost them a cent and is guaranteed to them by the American Constitution: the right to vote.
[…] So, on November 8th, the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth, be handed a ballot, close the curtain, take that lever — or felt pen or touchscreen — and put a big f**king X in the box by the name of the man who has threatened to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives: Donald J. Trump. 
[…]
They see that the elites who have ruined their lives hate Trump.
Corporate America hates Trump. Wall Street hates Trump. The career politicians hate Trump. The Media hates Trump…
The enemy of my enemy is who I am voting for on November 8th.
Trump's election is going to be the biggest F**K YOU ever recorded in human history. 
And it will feel good.
What red-blooded American, working stiff or laid off schmo wouldn't want to stick it to the establishment and rebuke the very system that brought them to this point? After all, it is their fault.
People have been hurting and in decline for eight long years – and for all his smiles and posturing, Obama hasn't done a damned thing. And Hillary can't even pretend.
The people who will be deciding the popular vote in this election want to take down that system and put someone in who will – once and for all – stand up for them. Basically, Americans want revenge.
What the electoral college decides is another matter altogether, of course.
Read more: 
EPIC RANT: Fed Up American Explains Why Trump Will Win: 'Somebody With Balls' 
No One Can Stop Her… And She Knows It: 'This Election Won't Be Fair' 
Protesters Rage Against the DNC: 'Hillary Didn't Get the Nomination. The Nomination Was Stolen' 
'Free Speech Cage' Keeps Anti-Hillary Protesters Away From DNC Convention 
Crowds Boo DNC Officials, As Party Revolts Against Hillary: 'They're Angry, They're Upset' 

ARTICLE


This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
Editor's Comment: The troubled socialist nation of Venezuela can no longer hide its massive hyperinflation problems – even from itself. President Maduro was forced, by economic realities, to reissue bills in much higher denominations – 200 times bigger – a tell tale sign of a collapsing economy. Americans were familiar with the crazy exchange rate of pesos before Mexico revalued its currency more than a decade ago – otherwise it would take literal wheelbarrows of money just to pay for basic goods, and that is too impractical even for their system. 
But ironically, this revaluing makes the hyperinflation more obvious, and it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy towards the bottom. Who can stop this crazy train? 
Venezuela Throws In The Towel On Hyperinflation: Will Print 200x Higher-Denominated Bills 
by Tyler Durden
While several years ago it was perhaps debatable in polite society that Venezuela's socialist economy would collapse ultimately unleashing hyperinflation, any doubt was put to rest early this year when the IMF's own inflationary forecast confirmed as much.

However, while the international community had long accepted the inevitable fate of Maduro's socialist paradise, the local government sternly refused to admit reality and to avoid confirming what the local population already knew, it insisted on keeping the highest denomination bill in circulation at 100 bolivars, whose worth is approximately 8 cents on the black market, turning the most basic transactions into logistical nightmares and saddling banks with crippling money-handling costs. Economists and central bank employees say Mr. Maduro didn't want to acknowledge the country's inflation problem by printing bigger notes.
This has finally changed, and as the WSJ reports , Venezuela's government, slammed by hyperinflation has finally thrown in the towel, and is planning to issue new bills in December with larger denominations—up to 200 times higher than the current biggest bill, according to people familiar with the plans. The move marks an implicit acknowledgment by the government that skyrocketing prices have slashed the value of the currency
The new coins and notes will go up to 20,000 bolivars, according to people close to the central bank, the finance ministry, the country's banks and bill suppliers. This would make the biggest note worth $15 on the black market.
And since by doing so the government will tacitly admit that it has lost control over prices, It will also create a self-fulfilling prophecy of even higher prices , sending the country's hyperinflation into overdrive.
As the WSJ adds, earlier this year, the government began informally allowing shops in the outer provinces to sell food at free market prices, reducing shortages at the cost of higher inflation, which the International Monetary Fund expects to rise above 1,600% next year. Further liberalization followed after the state oil company gradually rolled out higher-priced gasoline at gas stations in the border regions to reduce the cost of subsidizing the cheapest car fuel in the world, according to the company's executives.
Venezuela's loss, however, is a big gain for the companies contracted to print the money:
In recent weeks, several companies, including U.K.-based De La Rue, the world's largest commercial printer, won contracts to print the new set of notes, which the government wants in time for the annual December spending spree, according to a person familiar with contract negotiations.
'It's a very big deal. It's a big package,' the person said. 
Meanwhile, the central bank remains stuck in denial and hasn't published price statistics for almost two years. Instead, Mr. Maduro has blamed the skyrocketing prices on the 'economic war' waged against his government by shopkeepers and financiers. This has forced people to brave one of the world's highest crime rates by shopping with backpacks full of cash and spend hours lining up outside ATMs, which give out less than $10 per withdrawal. Many provincial banks have reduced daily withdrawals to 30,000 bolivars, which would buy a Venezuelan couple a lunch at a mid-scale restaurant.
Amusingly, as we reported last year, the high demand for nearly worthless currency notes has also presented a financial burden for the cash-strapped government, which also lacks raw materials to print its own money. Since last year, Venezuela has had to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to printing companies to feed its economy with bolivar currency . The shipments arrived to Venezuela from private printing presses around the world on several dozen windowless Boeing 747 jets. Given the crime risks, the air shipments arrive at the Caracas airport at night before the notes are loaded onto armored trucks and transported to the central bank vaults in Caracas, protected on the 18-mile route by soldiers.
Indicatively, a fully stocked ATM is emptied in just three and a half hours on average now, according to the Venezuelan Banking Association .
The good news for the insolvent nation is that all local denominated debts are now just as worthless as the currency, which incidentally is what the BOJ's Kuroda would call: mission accomplished.
Sadly, Venezuela is the canary in the coalmine for what will happen to all currencies in a world where there is now simply too much debt.

This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
ARTICLE


This article was written by Jay Syrmopoulos and originally published at The Free Thought Project . 
Editor's Comment: He who holds the gold makes the rules? Fresh attempts at containing Russia and continuing the empire have been met with countermoves. Russia appears to be building strength in every way. Putin and his country have no intention of being under the American thumb, and are developing rapid resistance as the U.S. petrodollar loses its grip and China, Russia and the East shift into new currencies and shifting world order. 
What lies ahead? It will be a strong hand for the countries that have the most significant backing in gold and hard assets; and China and Russia have positioned themselves very well. Prepare for a changing economic landscape, and one in which self-reliance might be all we have. 
Russia is Hoarding Gold at an Alarming Rate — The Next World War Will Be Fought with Currencies 
by Jay Syrmopoulos
With all eyes on Russia's unveiling their latest nuclear intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which NATO has dubbed the 'SATAN' missile , as tensions with the U.S. increase, Moscow's most potent 'weapon' may be something drastically different.
The rapidly evolving geopolitical 'weapon' brandished by Russia is an ever increasing stockpile of gold, as well as Russia's native currency, the ruble.
Take a look at the symbol below, as it could soon come to change the entire hierarchy of the international order – potentially ushering in a complete international paradigm shift – and much sooner than you might think.
image: http://thefreethoughtproject.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/bankofrussia-e1475520013798.png 

The symbol is the new designation of the Russian ruble, Russia's national currency.
Similar to how the U.S. uses the dollar sign ($), the U.K. uses the pound sign (£), and the European Union uses the euro symbol (€), Russia is about to begin exporting its symbol internationally.
After the failed 'reset' in U.S./Russian relations by the Obama administration, and the continued deterioration of the countries relationship, Washington began targeting entire sectors of the Russian economy, as well as specific individuals, meant to impose an economic burden so severe that it would force Moscow into compliance.
Instead of decimating Russia, what it precipitated was a Russian response of gradually weaning themselves off of the hegemony of the U.S. petrodollar, and working with China to create an alternative to the SWIFT payment system that isn't solely controlled by Western interests (see Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank , New Development Bank).
According to the Corbett Report :
New reports indicate that China is ready to launch its SWIFT alternative, and for those who have their ear to the ground this is the most significant move yet in the unfolding process of de-dollarization that is seeing the BRICS-led 'resistance bloc' breaking away from the financial stranglehold of the US-led 'Washington Consensus.'
For those who don't know, SWIFT stands for the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication and is shorthand for the SWIFTNet Network that is used by over 10,500 financial institutions in 215 countries and territories to transmit financial transaction data around the world. SWIFT does not do any of the clearing or processing for these transactions itself, but instead sends the payment orders that are then settled by correspondent banks of the member institutions. Still, given the system's near universality in the financial system, it means that virtually every international transaction between banking institutions goes through the SWIFT network.
This is why de-listing from the SWIFT network remains one of the primary financial weapons wielded by the US and its allies in their increasingly important financial warfare campaigns.
Recently, financial guru Jim Rickards, author of the book 'Currency Wars,' wrote that 'Russia is poised for a major comeback in its economy. Russian bonds and stocks and the Russian currency, the ruble, will all benefit.' Rickards believes a 'strong turnaround' is coming within Russia, and that this comeback will benefit the ruble.
While still suffering from the economic warfare being waged by the U.S., Russia has realized that as long they are subservient to the petrodollar, there remains a clear and present danger of the Russian economy being devastated by the whims of Washington. 
The Bank of Russia, that nation's central bank, is extremely clear about its mission, and monetary policy declaring on its website:
Monetary policy constitutes an integral part of the state policy and is aimed at enhancing well-being of Russian citizens. The Bank of Russia implements monetary policy in the framework of inflation-targeting regime, and sees price stability, albeit sustainably low inflation, as its priority. Given structural peculiarities of the Russian economy, the target is to reduce inflation to 4% by 2017 and maintain it within that range in the medium run.
In layman's terms, that means that monetary policy, similar to nuclear weapons and the military, are 'an integral part of the state policy' in Russia. While many analysts have noted the increased build-up in Russia's military arsenal, seemingly few have highlighted the massive build-up of Russian gold reserves over the past decade.
Below is a chart showing Russian gold reserves between 1994 and last year, 2015:

Since 2006, there has been a year-on-year increase that reveals a significant upward trend. The chart clearly reveals that Russia's state policy of increasing state monetary assets, in the form of gold. Additionally, the Russian government has been converting state rubles into gold assets. From 2006 to 2015, Russia's state holdings of gold tripled.
Within just the past year Russia has substantially increased its gold holdings
According to the Business Insider :
In July of this year, the central bank of Russia added 200,000 ounces of gold to its reserves. The one-month uptick in Russian gold reserves — 200,000 ounces — is approximately equal to the entire annual output of Barrick Gold's Turquoise Ridge gold mine in Nevada.
At that same rate — 200,000 ounces per month — in a mere five months, Russia would add to state gold reserves the equivalent of the entire annual output of Barrick's massive Goldstrike mine in Nevada.
Currently, Russian gold reserves rank seventh in the world. It's clear that there is a concerted effort by Russian authorities to build up the country's gold reserves as part of a national strategy to negate the effects of economic warfare waged by the United States.
Rickards, in his 2011 book 'Currency Wars,' theorized that Russia and China could combine their gold reserves to form a global gold-backed currency to compete against the U.S. dollar. Currently, Russian reserves stand at roughly 1,500 tonnes, with Chinese reserves totaling over 1,800 tonnes (according to China — it's likely more), which would amount to a combined total of roughly 3,300 tonnes of gold.
The U.S. is about to lose overarching control of policymaking within the International Monetary Fund (IMF), thus the U.S. lockup on global gold is about to vanish, according to Business Insider.
Imagine for a moment the distinctly real possibility that Russian-Chinese alliance could exercise indirect (or even direct) control over the IMF's gold reserve of over 2,800 tonnes. Russian, Chinese and IMF gold combined would equal roughly 6,100 tonnes, and would allow for direct competition with the U.S. gold reserves, estimated at 8,100 tonnes.
Russia and China have realized that the petrodollar is wielded by Washington as it's weapon of choice when opposing a well-armed state, and clearly see the writing on the wall – thus working together to create a new global financial paradigm.
The reality is that the United States is $20 trillion dollars in debt, and eventually the time will come when the U.S. economy begins to implode — and all the fiat currency people are stuck holding will essentially be worth nothing more than the paper it's printed on. Hard assets, such as gold and silver, should be bought and taken custody of while there is still an opportunity to do so, as a means of hedging against the potentially disastrous results of the U.S. using the petrodollar as a 'weapon.'
Ultimately, the United States, Russia and China are all controlled by centralized power-hungry tyrants attempting to command powerful global bureaucracies like the IMF, the World Bank, SWIFT, New Development Bank and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.
It's not Russian nuclear weapons that people should fear, as the policy of mutually assured destruction essentially voids any benefit of a state launching a first-strike nuclear attack. The true threat to America is our economic house of cards, built upon the back of a neoliberal trade policy that puts the 'rights' of corporations over that of people .
This article was written by Jay Syrmopoulos and originally published at The Free Thought Project . 
ARTICLE

If there's one thing that the rise of Donald Trump and Britain's Brexit has proven, it's that the people have had it with the establishment. No matter what side of the aisle you're on, you are likely sick and tired of the outright corruption prevalent in every aspect of the system.
Over the last decade we have seen several movements try to take the initiative to create real, lasting change by upending the business-as-usual behavior of entrenched politicians, corporate lobbyists and mainstream media. All have thus far failed and were eventually absorbed by the power structure.
The Tea Party was co-opted by the establishment right. The 99% Protesters were co-opted by the establishment left. And according to recent Wikileaks releases, the Black Lives Matter movement has been sucked up by the Clinton camp and Soros-funded globalists.
Joe Joseph of The Daily Sheeple explains how politicians, including Hillary Clinton, have used these grass roots movements for their own nefarious purposes and to push forth their own agendas:
If you remember back in 2006-2007 there was something called the Ron Paul Revolution that took off… at one point in time there was a million man march that took place and there was close to a million people that marched on Washington… it was a tremendous grass roots effort and uprising that took place… and after that you had the Tea Party take off… and then it got co-opted. The-Powers-That-Shouldn't-Be put their operatives in there.. they got in there and totally took it over… and now the Tea Party today is nothing but your mainstream Republican operation that advances the Republican Party platform… certainly not what Ron Paul was doing… certainly doesn't have the Constitution in mind…

Watch At Youtube 

Also from Joe Joseph: 
The Election Is In The Process Of Being Stolen With Rigged Voting Machines 
2016 'Selection' to Usher in Period of Chaos and Turmoil in U.S. 
Sh*t Is Getting Real: Is Martial Law Coming to a Town Near You? 
ARTICLE

Editor's Note: We can only hope that the following is finally the real deal. As noted by Zero Hedge in the report below, the FBI is re-opening the probe into the Hillary Clinton email scandal. With less than two weeks to go before election day, however, we're not convinced anything will come of it because once Hillary has been selected to the highest office of the land, it is quite likely that any and all investigations into all matters Clinton will cease instantly. So, unless charges are filed in the next week or so, chances are this 'probe' will end just like the last one. 

Via Zero Hedge :
Donald Trump has opined:
*TRUMP SAYS HE NOW HAS `GREAT RESPECT' FOR FBI, DOJ *TRUMP ON FBI NEWS: `PERHAPS FINALLY JUSTICE WILL BE DONE' *TRUMP: FBI WILL RIGHT THE SHIP *TRUMP SAYS FBI NEWS SHOWS SYSTEM MAY NOT BE `RIGGED' * * *
As we detailed earlier, in a stunning development moments ago Jason Chaffetz tweeted that the FBI's probe into Hillary Clinton emails has been reopened: saying that ' The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation .'
FBI Dir just informed me, 'The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.' Case reopened
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 

After being briefed by his investigative team, Comey 'agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to asses their importance to our investigation.' Comey said he could not predict how long it would take the bureau to assess whether the new emails are 'significant.'
Moments later, NBC News reported that the agency was reopening the investigation and shared a letter from FBI director James Comey informing key lawmakers of the investigation.. .
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation,' Comey wrote. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information,' Comey wrote
The full letter to members of Congress, in which FBI director James Comey said the agency had 'learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation' in connection with an unrelated case, is shown below.
BIG: The FBI is reopening its investigation into @HillaryClinton 's email server. Here's the letter from the FBI to Congress: pic.twitter.com/OKjipTeiJp 
— Frank Thorp V (@frankthorp) October 28, 2016 

ARTICLE


There are a number of excellent pieces circulating that hypothesize on what will happen before, during, and after the election. Mike Adams of Natural News and Dave Hodges of The Common Sense Show have both dug deeply, examining the overall situation with outstanding insights as to the possibilities. Mike's piece listed the scenarios that can happen regarding either outcome, and government actions that can be triggered by the result. Dave's videos and telephone conversations expose the fact that the government is indeed preparing to have plans ready and in place with drills and exercises that can turn into an actual operation immediately.
You can watch Dave Hodge's full report with Paul Martin below:

That being mentioned, an article came out the other day written by Deb Riechmann of the Associated Press, October 26 entitled US Official: Russia Might Shoot Down US Aircraft in Syria . The article highlights dialogue from a Charlie Rose interview via CBS at the Council of Foreign Relations in New York that was conducted with National Intelligence Director James Clapper . The answers that Clapper gave to the questions gives two 'insights' into the Obama administration's mindset. This comment came regarding the potential for the US and Russia engaging one another militarily:
'I wouldn't put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that [it] was threatening to their forces on the ground. Russia has deployed a very advanced and capable air defense system in Syria and would not have done that if it [Russia] wouldn't use it.' 
James Clapper 
Then Clapper was questioned about North Korea, and he had this to say:
'…the U.S. policy of trying to persuade Pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons is probably futile. Perhaps the only thing the U.S. could get would be limitations on North Korea's nuclear capabilities. I think the notion of getting the North Koreans to denuclearize is probably a lost cause. They are under siege and they are very paranoid, so the notion of giving up their nuclear capability, whatever it is, is a nonstarter with them.' 
All of this sounds very lackadaisical, coming from the Director of National Intelligence. That is because it is: Obama is pursuing a laissez-faire policy regarding 'threats,' either from Russia or North Korea. The reason? He created them to use later. Clapper's next responses are very interesting regarding the questions of whether or not Russia has been tampering with the election process and the recent threat by Vice President Joe Biden that the U.S. will respond to the (alleged) tampering with a Cyberattack designed 'to embarrass and humiliate' the Kremlin. Here is an excerpt of that interview:
'Clapper also was asked about the Obama administration's claim that recent hacking of political sites was orchestrated by top Russian officials. The U.S. response might not come in the form of a reciprocal cyberattack on Russia, Clapper said. 
Pressed on the subject, Rose, the interviewer, noted that there is a sense that the Russians were not paying any price for the hacking. 
'Maybe not yet,' Clapper replied. 
'Maybe after the election?' Rose asked. 
'I'm not going to pre-empt,' Clapper said.' 
There we have it, in the absence of verbal commitment, no matter how nebulous the answer may seem. Just because it is nebulous, however, does not belie the nefarious nature of the answer, and it is obvious: The Obama administration is setting the Russians up for the time of the election to blame any deviance or hacks on them. 
It is no secret that election fraud is being committed now, even with the early voting that is occurring in several states. The Cyberattacks conducted on Friday, October 21st were a Beta-test for what is to come: full-blown election fraud and an attack on the infrastructure of the U.S. , to be blamed on Russia or North Korea and used as justification to either suspend the elections or declare them null and void.
On October 25 , an article was released entitled DMV Computer Outage Raises Fear of Election-Day Cyber Attacks , as presented on losangeles.cbslocal.com . Apparently 100 DMV offices in California had a gigantic computer malfunction that was not attributed to hacking. The article interviewed a USC professor who had the following to say:
'Election day may be a different story. Government computer systems are vulnerable to cyber attacks. I think there will certainly be some sort of cyber security issue in some location.' 
Clifford Neuman, Director, USC Center for Computer Systems Security 
From a standpoint of greater simplicity, the government can simply collapse the power grid, and this can be blamed on an EMP (Electromagnetic Pulse) weapon from North Korea or Russia. If this is not done, the government can use the Soros-provided voting machines and other nefarious measures (such as dead people's names being used to vote, illegal aliens casting a ballot, or people voting in numerous states, to name a few) to steal the votes. Then blame can be shifted to the Russians.
Keep in mind that the Cyberattack on October 21 was found to 'not be done by a government's actions through state actors,' as the Mainstream media termed it. How true. Not one concrete shred of justification that Russia has been conducting any Cyberattacks has been provided. Certainly the Russian government has taken the time to investigate the source of the hacking on the U.S. systems. They will certainly monitor the elections in some manner to protect themselves from any accusations of hacking and prove they do not hold any culpability when the Democrats skew the numbers of the election and steal it themselves.
This is why the federal government has warned Russia that simply to monitor the elections may warrant criminal charges being brought against the Russian government. 
But it's OK to have UN election monitors, which in itself is a violation of the 10 th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, right? 
The law doesn't apply to the Democrats; the law only matters as long as they can inflict it upon you. Soros just came out recently and cursed democracy in general: though toad like in appearance and mannerisms, this communist foreigner is responsible for the collapse and/or debilitation of almost a dozen governments. In a previous article we covered how the voting machines in the early voting in Illinois did not register the original choice of the voter and 'chose' the Democratic candidates. This was labeled as a 'calibration error,' so simply and innocently. The communists masquerading as Democrats know the truth of the matter, that it is those who count the votes and not the voters who decide the elections.
In summary, the U.S. is prepositioning its 'enemy-assets' to blame – on what the administration does – for a collapsed election labeled as 'rigged' or the suspension of the election for any number of reasons, real or illusory, such as a genuine attack the U.S. provokes or an attack the U.S. carries out on itself . Civil unrest and/or war are the escape hatches to bail out of the Constitution and to take control of the country…not letting either crisis go to waste. With civil rest or a world war, the administration will be handed the country on a platter – indefinitely – and the election will be a moot point, whether it happened or not.
Jeremiah Johnson is the Nom de plume of a retired Green Beret of the United States Army Special Forces (Airborne). Mr. Johnson is also a Gunsmith, a Certified Master Herbalist, a Montana Master Food Preserver, and a graduate of the U.S. Army's SERE school (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape). He lives in a cabin in the mountains of Western Montana with his wife and three cats. You can follow Jeremiah's regular writings at SHTFplan.com or contact him here . 
This article may be republished or excerpted with proper attribution to the author and a link to www.SHTFplan.com . 
Related: 
The Prepper's Blueprint: A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster 
Top Tier Gear: The Most Advanced Tactical Gas Mask In The World 
A Foreshadowing Of Things To Come: 'This Cyberattack Was Initiated By The U.S. Government… A Beta Test Done In Preparation For A False Flag' 
Unrest and Martial Law? Leaked Military Drill Anticipates 'No Rule of Law' After Election Results 
How To Survive Occupied America: 'Red Dawn Just Started… And You're In It' 
The Threat Is Real And Imminent: The Next World War Will Be Initiated By A First Strike Utilizing An EMP Weapon 

ARTICLE

The fix is in.
If the latest flurry of emails from the Clinton Camp prove anything, it's that Hillary's organization has been actively manipulating and rigging the Presidential election from the get-go. We know for a fact that she colluded with Democratic National Committee to marginalize Bernie Sanders. We know her mainstream media cohorts gave her debate questions ahead of time. We know that she actively hired and organized actions in Chicago and elsewhere to make it look like Trump supporters were violent. And we know from recently released John Podesta emails that they have been tampering with polls through over sampling. We also know that dead democrats all over the country are voting in the Presidential election.
Thus, it stands to reason that if there's any way to rig actual election outcomes either through hacking electronic voting systems or other ballot machinations, the Clinton campaign will do everything in their power to take advantage of it.
In the video below The Daily Sheeple's Weekly Word explains that there are five key states that are actively being target for election fraud:

Watch at Youtube 
Get regular news updates at The Daily Sheeple Youtube Channel : 

Also Watch: 
Did Hillary Cheat at the Final Debate? 
5 Big Fat Lies Hillary Told at the Final Presidential Debate 
5 Wikileaks Revelations That Should've Tanked Hillary's Campaign 
ARTICLE

(Image courtesy ddees.com ) 
It is no longer a question of whether or not financial markets and the U.S. economy will collapse. That, according to a host of experts, both mainstream and alternative, is a given.
The only question now is 'when' that moment will come.
According to Christine Hughes, chief investment strategist at Otterwood Capital , it will be very soon. Basing her assessment on historically dead-on yield curve analysis, Hughes says in her latest update to clients that we're looking at a maximum breaking point of 2020, but that some time in the next 12 – 15 months is the more likely scenario, which pegs the next crisis right at the beginning of 2018 .
First, the chart, which has been near perfect in its accuracy thus far and shows just how rapidly the yield curve has collapsed in the last 12 months:

Hughes explains what it means for you and why you can expect 2018 to be the year of reckoning:
As the bond market sees a recession slower growth means lower interest rates and it [the yield curve] collapses. So let's assume we're like every other time in history and that happens. Then it moves forward to 2018… 
So, 2018, according to the yield curve, is pretty much the last gasp we have for this economic cycle. We're closing in on 2016 now… we basically have a year… maybe a year to 15 months before we have the next crisis on our hands. 
So if you are levered personally or corporately… if a lot of your assets are in illiquid stuff… the Canadian housing market comes to mind… You might want to think about existing and liquefying yourself. 
Watch the video report:

Wolf Richter of Wolf Street explains why the Treasury Yield Curve is so important:
Since early July, the 30-year US Treasury Bond Price Index has plunged 8.3%. It's now called 'the rout' in longer-dated government bonds. One of the specters is rising inflation at a time of ultra-low yields.
What has become the number one predictor of a bear market in stocks over the past many decades? The US Treasury yield curve. It drives bank lending – which can strangle the economy. But this time, the risks are much higher, and the potential economic consequences steeper. 
We know it is only a matter of time at this point.
Greg Mannarino of Traders Choice has made similar warnings, noting that the bond markets are signaling a massive crash ahead. And when that crash finally takes place the fall out after the debt bubble bursts, according to Mannarino, could lead to extremely serious consequences:
So, when the debt bubble bursts we're going to get a correction in population. It's a mathematical certainty.
Millions upon millions of people are going to die on a world-wide scale when the debt bubble bursts. And I'm saying when not if… 
…
When resources become more and more scarce we're going to see countries at war with each other. People will be scrambling… in a worst case scenario… doing everything that they can to survive… to provide for their family and for themselves. 
There's no way out of it. 
Source: Analyst: 'Millions Upon Millions of People Are Going to Die on a World-Wide Scale When the Debt Bubble Bursts' 
If Mannarino and Hughes are right, you have about a year to get ready for the next leg of the collapse .
 
Also See: 
The Prepper's Blueprint: A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster 
Bank of America Warns of Imminent Recession: 'Market So Fragile… It's Downright Scary' 
Video: Conspiracy Confirmed In FBI Files: There Really Is A 'Shadow Government' 
5 Urgent Warnings From Big Banks That the 'Economy Has Gone Suicidal' 
Russia's Most Potent Weapon: Rapidly 'Hoarding Gold' As Global Currency War Is Upon Us 
ARTICLE

Who can argue with this young lady's speech?
I bet if Donald Trump had a brick for every lie Hillary has told he could build two walls. 
…
As a thirteen year old even I know Hillary Clinton is working for her own success and ways to control my life, my family's life and your lives… She wants to make it Hillary's America… not The Peoples' America.

Hattip Gateway Pundit 

ARTICLE

This article was originally published by Jeremiah Johnson at Tess Pennington's ReadyNutrition.com . 

ReadyNutrition Readers, we're going to cover some of the basics on how to track man, and some tips on how to keep from being tracked by men . All of your camouflage is to no avail if you are awakened by a boot kicking you in the ribs as you're curled up in your sleeping bag in a hidey-hole. Please keep in mind: this is a post-SHTF action and/or a life-threatening situation that would call for the tracking of another human being.
Man is the Most Dangerous Creature of All Be aware: this is not deer-hunting or tracking a game animal . The rules are different, because a deer won't double back on you, climb a cliff, and snipe you with a suppressed .308 as you cross a predetermined, pre-ranged spot. If you are adept at tracking game, these skills can help you, but keep in mind you're tracking the most dangerous, intelligent, and resourceful creature of all: man. You're tracking down a creature with the natural and learned instincts of a hundred thousand generations of hunters and killers…no matter what culture or creed. Man is the most dangerous creature of all. Never forget that. Respect the potential of the guy or gal you're tracking. Respect it, and let it temper your emotions and judgment as you're tracking.
To track a man, you need to be aware of your surroundings, the changes in it, and use deductive reasoning all in combination as you're moving. There are some questions you always need to ask yourself as you are following a man as well as observations you must make:
Are you keeping aware of the potential for ambush? Most people don't like to be followed, and in a SHTF situation you can bet the other guy is playing for keeps. Are you walking right into a trap? As you study the terrain in front of you, are you 'gaming' it in your mind? Remember Rule #1: the hunter can (and often does) become the hunted at any time . NOTE: THIS QUESTION # 1 AND RULE # 1 BOTH APPLY CONCURRENTLY AT ALL TIMES! THEY ACCOMPANY AND SUPERCEDE ALL OF THE SUBSEQUENT QUESTIONS AND RULES!
Minor deviations in the terrain (path) that would not normally be there: Broken hardwood branches at chest or head height, broken or 'moved/displaced' vegetation, the tracks on the ground, bark rubbed from the face of fallen logs…. all of these are good indications that man has come this way. Major deviations in the terrain/path : perhaps a small mound of earth in the woods with what appears to be a 'dent' followed by a long groove and crushed grass to either side…a good indicator your quarry stepped on the mound and slipped. Perhaps some good-sized trees chopped down, or good sized branches removed with an edged tool. These could be either fighting positions/lean-to's/fortifications, or ground cover respectively. Look for signs of the hand of man where it is obvious. Changes to the earth . This means the ground . You've been tracking your quarry through a swamp, and now you emerge in a grassy field. Look for signs of tracks, and for mud to be tracked through the grass as well. If you've been walking through a dry riverbank with clay for a bed, then the color of clay will show up in front of you in the tracks of your target. Trash/detritus . Man is a messy creature, and no matter how careful he always messes up. It could be a food wrapper, or a cigarette butt he forgot to tote out with him. It could be a piece of paper or a dropped tool or even ammunition. It could also be part of a meal…even something so innocuous as crumbs. Your job as the tracker is to spot these deviances as they come out to meet your eyes. Smell . Man is (especially after several days in the bush or after physical exertion) a stinky creature. Yes, you can smell many things of man: his sweat, his deodorants and perfumes, his tobacco products (you can smell a cigarette for a long distance in the woods), and, of course, his stool. This last one (don't laugh) is a really good giveaway, as most people will relieve themselves and not worry about covering up what they produce. This is not mentioned relative to hygiene, however, but in relation to tracking. Such people not caring about how they relieve themselves won't give much consideration to someone using it to trail them. Noise . Man is, indeed, a noisy creature. He breathes heavily, belches, flatulates, grunts, groans, complains, talks loudly, and snores. All of these can be used to your advantage to find your quarry. He also drops things, bangs and bumps into things, and clatters metal against metal. He falls down, breaking branches and he curses or moans, depending on how badly he hurts himself. He also communicates to his fellow humans, either with a radio or with his voice. Light Discipline : man is as stubborn as they come on this one. Those flashlights are never 'red lensed' and kept under a poncho or jacket as they should be…just everyone flashing the lights all over the place. Same for the cigarettes. Instead of cupping their hands around them and keeping the cigs low, there's that orange dot right out to your front, head height. Man loves to use the flashlight when he's moving around at night. It can be his undoing, and to your advantage if you look for your quarry being careless with the light. Changes to the quarry's flight . A hunted man will always know he is being hunted. You need to be aware of an increased pace, a change of direction, changes in elevation…all factors that will indicate either distress or concern on the part of your quarry. The pace change can be noticed by footprints, especially the distance widening or shortening between them. Widening means he's taking off. Shortening means the terrain is becoming more difficult or he's tiring, or both. The runner usually uses the balls of his feet with a shallow heel-print. The walker sets his heels into the soil more deeply. Tread Depth : we covered this a little in #9, and in addition, if the guy has a size nine boot print and is really sinking into the earth? Well, he's probably carrying some serious stuff in the form of supplies and/or weapons. If your search is proceeding too well and too smoothly? It's an ambush . We've covered these fundamentals, because believe it or not, it is easier to avoid the hunter if you first have been the hunter. What we just covered forms the basis for avoiding someone who is pursuing you. Believe it or not, you can practice this stuff in the woods with family and/or team members. It makes for both a good workout and a challenge to actually implement stuff you learn. Part Two we'll focus on how to get away from the bad guys trying to find you. Until then keep studying and practicing. It'll pay off in the end…especially after the SHTF. JJ out!
Jeremiah Johnson is the Nom de plume of a retired Green Beret of the United States Army Special Forces (Airborne). Mr. Johnson was a Special Forces Medic, EMT and ACLS-certified, with comprehensive training in wilderness survival, rescue, and patient-extraction. Mr. Johnson is an ardent advocate for preparedness, self-sufficiency, and long-term disaster sustainability for families. He and his wife survived Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath. Cross-trained as a Special Forces Engineer, he is an expert in supply, logistics, transport, and long-term storage of perishable materials, having incorporated many of these techniques plus some unique innovations in his own homestead. 
This article first appeared at Tess Pennington's Ready Nutrition.com . 

Tess Pennington is the author of The Prepper's Blueprint , a comprehensive guide that uses real-life scenarios to help you prepare for any disaster. Because a crisis rarely stops with a triggering event the aftermath can spiral, having the capacity to cripple our normal ways of life. The well-rounded, multi-layered approach outlined in the Blueprint helps you make sense of a wide array of preparedness concepts through easily digestible action items and supply lists. 
Tess is also the author of the highly rated Prepper's Cookbook , which helps you to create a plan for stocking, organizing and maintaining a proper emergency food supply and includes over 300 recipes for nutritious, delicious, life-saving meals. 
Visit her web site at ReadyNutrition.com for an extensive compilation of free information on preparedness, homesteading, and healthy living. 
Related: 
Advanced Tactical Gas Mask – Are You Ready for a Nuclear, Biological or Chemical Disaster? 
A Step-By-Step Guide To Survive Any Disaster 
Nukes and Fallout: How to Survive When Others Won't 
The Six Laws of Survival: Strategies For Beating the Worst Case Scenario A Green Beret's Guide to EMP: Practical Steps to Prepare for a 'Lights Out' Scenario 
Jeremiah Johnson's Greent Beret Guides To Survival 

ARTICLE

This article was originally published by Michael Snyder at The Economic Collapse Blog . 

Just when it looked like Hillary Clinton was poised to win the 2016 election , the FBI has thrown a gamechanger into the mix. On Friday, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency has discovered new emails related to Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified information that they had not previously seen. According to the Associated Press , the newly discovered emails 'did not come from her private server', but instead were found when the FBI started going through electronic devices that belonged to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband Anthony Weiner. The FBI has been looking into messages of a sexual nature that Weiner had exchanged with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina, and that is why they originally seized those electronic devices. According to the Washington Post , the 'emails were found on a computer used jointly by both Weiner and his wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry', and according to some reports there may be 'potentially thousands' of emails on the computer that the FBI did not have access to previously. Even though there are less than two weeks to go until election day, this scandal has the potential to possibly force Clinton out of the race, and if that happens could Barack Obama delay or suspend the election until a replacement candidate can be found?
Let's take this one step at a time. On Friday, financial markets tanked when reports of these new Clinton emails hit the wires. The following comes from CNN …
After recommending earlier this year that the Department of Justice not press charges against the former secretary of state, Comey said in a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen that investigators are examining newly discovered emails that 'appear to be pertinent' to the email probe.
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,' Comey wrote the chairmen. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.'
At this point, we do not know what is contained in these emails. But without a doubt Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton's closest confidant, and I have always felt that she was Clinton's Achilles heel. Journalist Carl Bernstein (of Watergate fame) is fully convinced that the FBI would have never made this move unless something significant had already been discovered …
We don't know what this means yet except that it's a real bombshell. And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly, that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation. So that's where we are…
Is it a certainty that we won't learn before the election? I'm not sure it's a certainty we won't learn before the election.
One thing is, it's possible that Hillary Clinton might want to on her own initiative talk to the FBI and find out what she can, and if she chooses to let the American people know what she thinks or knows is going on. People need to hear from her…
If the FBI has indeed found something explosive, would they actually charge her with a crime right before the election?
It is possible, but we also have to remember that government agencies (including the FBI) tend to move very, very slowly. If there are thousands of emails, it is going to take quite a while to sift through them all. And of course Barack Obama has lots of ways that he could influence, delay or even shut down the investigation.
So those that are counting on this to be the miracle that Donald Trump needs should not count their chickens before they hatch.
But if Hillary Clinton were to be forced out of the race by this FBI investigation, the Democrats would have to decide on a new candidate, and that would take time. The following is from a U.S. News & World Report article that examined what would happen if one of the candidates was forced out of the race for some reason…
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year's primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont.
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members – a number that changes over time and is guided by the group's bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill.
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed.
It would be extremely challenging to get a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee together on such short notice. If Clinton were to drop out next week, it would be almost impossible for this to happen before election day.
In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers . Since the election would not be 'fair' until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the U.S. Constitution stop him in the past.
Meanwhile, new poll numbers show that the Trump campaign was already gaining momentum even before this story about the new emails broke. According to a brand new ABC News/Washington Post survey, Donald Trump is now only trailing Hillary Clinton by 4 points after trailing her by as much as 12 points last weekend.
And CNBC is reporting on a highly advanced artificial intelligence system that accurately predicted the outcomes of the presidential primaries and which is now indicating that Trump will be the winner in November…
An artificial intelligence system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House.
MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions.
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democratic and Republican Primaries.
Without Hillary at the top of the ticket, the odds of a Trump victory would go way, way up.
So if Hillary is forced out of the race by this investigation, Barack Obama and the Democrats will want to delay or suspend the election for as long as possible if they can.
At this point there is probably not a high probability that such a scenario will play out, but in this crazy election year we have already seen that just about anything can happen.
Michael T. Snyder is a graduate of the University of Florida law school and he worked as an attorney in the heart of Washington D.C. for a number of years. 
Today, Michael is best known for his work as the publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog and The American Dream . 
If you want to know what is coming and what you can do to prepare, read his latest book Get Prepared Now!: Why A Great Crisis Is Coming & How You Can Survive It . 

ARTICLE

We live in a brave new world and change is coming whether we like it or not. Economies around the world are being centrally managed, technology is advancing at a rapid pace, and the human population continues to expand by the billions. The next 40 years could see super powers turn to third world countries, while formerly third world countries rise to become global influencers. We're already seeing these effects around the world.
The time to prepare for these changes is now. Those who refuse to see the future or fail to understand the signs will be relegated to what Wealth Research Group calls the 'perpetual poor.'
Like all tectonic changes in human history, there will be life altering ramifications for those who can't or won't adapt to new realities…No one is sure how this will all play out… what is certain is that you can't afford to bury your head in the sand… Assuming responsibility and taking massive action is the only way to avoid being added to the perpetually poor who won't have jobs, income or assets as this wave shifts the power structure of world finance in the next few years.
No matter your age – whether you are approaching retirement or just entering the workforce – the future will be difficult to navigate. Watch the following micro-documentary to understand what's coming and how to position yourself for a global paradigm shift:

( Watch At Youtube ) 
Check out the following free guides from Wealth Research Group:
Fortressing (Ages 20 – 25) 
Fortressing (Ages 35- 55) 
Fortressing (Ages 55+) 
ARTICLE

Editor's Note: Is it any wonder that Hillary Clinton is being hit from all sides? The tens of thousands of leaked emails, the re-opening of the FBI investigation, and overwhelming support by military officers for Donald Trump suggest that those working for the military, law enforcement and the intelligence community will do whatever they can to keep Hillary Clinton from becoming their new boss. 

Former United States Department of State official Dr. Steve Pieczenik is a psychiatrist who has over 20 years experience in resolving international crises for four U.S. administrations.
Pieczenik was Deputy Assistant Secretary of State under Henry Kissinger, Cyrus Vance, and James Baker. His expertise includes foreign policy, international crisis management, and psychological warfare. He served the presidential administrations of Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush in the capacity of deputy assistant secretary.
He has come forward with a series of videos that expose the Clintons, explains that they co-opted many central facets of our government including the White House, the judiciary, the CIA, and the FBI. and claims that the corrupt couple belongs to a high-level pedophile ring.
Pieczenik explains that it was not the Russians who provided information to WikiLeaks – US intelligence offered the data to Julian Assange. This counter-coup is working against Hillary Clinton and her campaign.

Here, Pieczenik discusses the Clintons' connections to Anthony Weiner , Jeffrey Esptein's Lolita Express, and more.

In this video, Pieczenik reveals the details regarding Democratic Party 'Fixer,' Jeff Rovin.

Dr. Pieczenik tells us 'the second American revolution' is happening.
I hope he's correct, because we certainly need it.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
ARTICLE

NBC affiliate WRCB TV in Chattanooga, Tennessee has inadvertently posted election night results. The results page appears to be similar to what mainstream news networks display on election night, including Presidential and Congressional results, the popular vote count, electoral votes, and percentage of precincts reporting.
The page, a screen shot of which has been sourced from internet archive site The Wayback Machine , is posted below and shows totals for the upcoming Presidential race. It announces Hillary Clinton as the winner.
As Jim Stone notes, the page was pulled directly from the WorldNow.com content management platform utilized by major networks like NBC, CBS, ABC and Fox and appears to be a non-public staging area for news and election results.
The original page has since been reset.
( Click here for full size image ) 

Though the results information appears on an FTP server at WorldNow.com, media companies like NBC's WRCB TV utilize the platform, also know as 'Frankly,' to power their news content. This can be verified directly a the WRCB web site by scrolling to the very bottom of the page footer which notes that it is, 'Powered By Frankly.'
In addition to national results, Jim Stone has identified another page at the WorldNow.com FTP server that appears to show the State-By-State Presidential election results. This page is also accessible in archive format at WayBack Machine with a line by line breakdown available at Stone's website.
Of interest is that the State-By-State results indicate a Hillary Clinton win in states like Texas (42% to 40%), Florida (44% to 40%) and Pennsylvania (44% to 40%) which have all been identified as states Clinton must steal to win the election .

Do these latest election 'results' confirm that the fix is in and the vote is rigged?
If so, then we are no longer looking at an election where our votes will count, but rather, a selection where the winner is determined by those who count the votes.
Related: 
Will Barack Obama Delay Or Suspend The Election If Hillary Is Forced Out 
'Executive Orders for Sale': Leaked Email Shows Hillary Auctioning Off 'Laws' To The Highest Bidder 
Watch This Incredible Video And Decide For Yourself: Did Hillary Clinton Cheat At The Last Debate By Using An Embedded Tablet Device In Her Podium? 
Are you ready for the disaster that will follow this election? 
ARTICLE

This article first appeared at Personal Liberty and has been published by Brandon Smith at Alt-Market.com . 

Why The U.S. Presidential Election Has The Entire World Confused 
By Brandon Smith 
Well, everyone thought it was a sure thing — Hillary Clinton had the White House in the bag; the entire political system from the DNC to the RNC and the mainstream media had already called the election over and done. Online gambling sites listed Clinton as a sure bet and Irish site Paddy Power even paid out one million dollars on the assumption of a Clinton win. And then, one Weiner ruined everything — Anthony Weiner.
The revelation of an October surprise re-opening of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's misuse of classified data on private and vulnerable email servers does not come as a shock to me, but it certainly does to many people around the world. Hundreds of mainstream outlets are scrambling to spin the news as misconduct by the FBI rather than a victory for the halls of justice. Numerous alternative media analysts are rushing to cover their butts and admit that there is now a 'chance' of a Trump win. Confusion reigns supreme as the weirdest election in U.S. history continues to bewilder observers.
The first issue that needs to be addressed is the lack of an open mind displayed by some when it comes to the real purpose behind this election. The second issue here, of course, is one of timing.
Through the majority of this election cycle the public consensus has been that Clinton will win. Some argued that Trump would not be able to compete with the leftist media empire standing against him, while others have argued that the entire system including the Republican establishment would ensure that Trump would fail. The alternative media has in the past simply pointed out that elections have always been rigged, either by the elites playing both sides of the competition, or through outright voter fraud. They have assumed that the elites want Clinton, and therefore, the election has already been decided.
I tend to agree with the latter point of view, though I disagree with the conclusion. U.S. elections are indeed controlled, and have been for decades, primarily through the false left/right paradigm. However, as I have been pointing out since I correctly predicted the success of the Brexit referendum, I don't think that Clinton is the choice of the elites.
I outline my reasons for this conclusion in-depth in articles like '2016 Will End With Economic Instability And A Trump Presidency' , published in August. For the past several months it seems as though I have been the only person holding the view that Trump will be president. Only in the past few days have I received emails from readers stating that they used to think I was probably crazy, but now they aren't so sure…
To be clear, my position is that Trump is slated to take the White House and that this is by design. This has been my position since before Trump won the Republican Primaries, it was my position when the election cycle began, it has never changed, nor have my views on the reasons for this outcome ever changed. Of course, the election is not over yet, and if Clinton ends up soiling the already thoroughly soiled Oval Office with her presence, then everyone can color me confused as well. That said, here are some issues that I think many people are overlooking when coming to conclusions on the election and the events surrounding it.
Clinton Is The Worst Candidate The Elites Could Have Chosen 
I have been studying the activities and behaviors of establishment elites for over a decade and I have to say… they are not stupid. They certainly have hubris, and I would not call them 'wise,' but they are definitely devious. They know how to rig a game. They know how to play both sides. They know how to cheat to get what they want when it comes to politics and how to manufacture consent from portions of the public. They've been doing it a long time. They have mastered it.
So, in my view it is rather insane for the elites to field a candidate such as Hillary Clinton IF the entirety of their globalist empire hangs in the balance (I don't think it does). Though she is fond of BleachBit, the woman is unbleachable. With a decades-long rap sheet from her work at Rose Law Firm (in which document destruction and 'misplacement' was apparently routine) to her interference with investigations into Bill Clinton's sexual indiscretions, to the strange odyssey surrounding her lies on the Benghazi attack, as well as her rampant mishandling of classified documents as head of the State Department, not to mention the Clinton Foundation's pay to play scandals, it is impossible to endear her to the masses. Her dismal crowd turnouts are rather indicative of this.
On top of all this, Clinton's anti-Russia rhetoric is coming off as absolutely crazy, and I think this is by design. Many in the alternative media, while assuming that Clinton is paving the way for WWIII, forget that the average person may not be up to speed on the same information we are, but most of them aren't ignorant. Clinton's ravings on Russian hacking and potential war are even putting liberals off rather than inspiring their confidence.
One would think that if the elites have their veritable pick of any politician to represent their interests in the White House and convince the American public to go along for the ride, Clinton would be the worst choice. Even if the intention were to rig the election in favor of Clinton, she would be a lame-duck president the second she took office, and, her mere presence would galvanize conservatives to the point of mass rebellion.
This is not generally how the elites play the game. Instead, they prefer co-option to direct confrontation.
Which President Is Better For The Elites During An Economic Breakdown? 
If you consider the premise that Clinton is NOT the chosen one, and that the entire election is theater, the situation changes rather drastically.
Those that follow the underlying economic data that the mainstream tends to ignore know that large swaths of the global financial system are not long for this world. With Europe's banking system plunging towards a Lehman-style event, the OPEC production freeze deal ready to fall apart yet again, and the Federal Reserve threatening to raise rates into recessionary conditions in December, our already floundering fiscal structure is approaching another crisis.
My questions has always been who would the elites rather have in office when this crisis occurs? I've said it a hundred times before and I'll say it again here: with Clinton in office, globalists and international financiers get the blame for any economic downturn. With Trump in office, conservative movements will be blamed. In fact, I suggest anyone who doubts this scenario watch stock market reactions every time Trump rises in the polls or Clinton faces renewed scandal. The narrative is already being prepared — a Trump win equals a market loss.
For those that think it outlandish that the public could be tricked into blaming Trump and conservatives for an economic crisis, I suggest they consider that possession is nine-tenths of the law in the minds of many. People can also be irrational when facing financial ruin. I would remind readers that history is written by the victors. The globalists plan to be victorious in the dismantling of America and our founding principles. Whether or not they succeed is really up to average conservatives and liberty proponents, not Trump.
The FBI's Move Prepares The Way For Trump 
Clinton and the DNC argue that FBI Director James Comey's announcement of a re-opened investigation is politically motivated. And they are right, sort of. The real motivation, I believe, is that Clinton was never meant to win the election in the first place, and that the elites want Trump placed in power during the final hours of the U.S. economy. Everything else is just a Kabuki dance.
The democrats are crying foul and accusing Comey of 'working with Putin,' or working with the alt-right. The nefarious Harry Reid has even accused the FBI of hiding Trump's supposed ties to the Russian government and violating the Hatch Act.
I think much of this outrage is real, as I believe much of the mainstream media attacks on Trump are coming from people who really think they are waging a propaganda war to get Hillary Clinton elected. This, however, does not mean that the elites plan to install Clinton.
Some might see my position as bizarre. I understand. But equally bizarre to me are some of the rationalizations people attempt to argue when dealing with the Comey revelation.
For example, the argument that the entire re-opening of the investigation is a complex ploy designed by the establishment to distract away from the Wikileaks data dumps. This makes little sense. If anything, the re-opening investigation is only bringing MORE attention to the Wikileaks data, not less. If the elites were hoping to create a distraction, they failed miserably.
The FBI's announcement ONLY harms the Clinton campaign. Period. Even if it fizzles out, even if they announce that nothing was found, the investigation hitting the news streams so close to election day refocuses all public attention back on Clinton's corruption and will continue to do so for the next week at least. The idea that the elites hope to use it to help Clinton is nonsensical.
I have also seen the argument that Comey is acting to cover his own posterior, perhaps because of a fear that Trump may steal away a victory. I find this equally absurd. Months back the consensus among alternative analysts was that Comey (placed in the FBI by Obama) was a traitor and the FBI was a puppet agency of the establishment. Now, suddenly, Comey is worried about a possible Trump win and so takes an action which might self-fulfill the prophecy?
Comey does what he is told. The FBI is an owned and operated elitist franchise. They do not go rogue. If the rogue FBI narrative were true and Comey actually feels the need to cover his bases with Trump, then it is only because he knows something the rest of us do not. With Clinton in office, his goose would be cooked after this little incident. Comey only gains an advantage if Trump is slated to win.
Trump May Or May Not Be Aware Of The Plan 
The bottom line, according to the evidence I have seen in terms of elitists influence over U.S. elections, is that if Trump wins it will only be because they wanted him to win. The FBI firestorm this past week appears to support my view and we still have another week left for further Clinton ugliness to be revealed. I also expect that if Trump wins, the reaction from conservatives and liberty activists will be that the event was a 'miracle,' a shocking upset against the establishment. Much like the reaction to the Brexit referendum. I continue to hold that conservatives and sovereignty champions in Europe and America are being set up to take the fall for a coming global destabilization.
I have not taken this position just to be contrary. If I think about it honestly, my position is truly a losing position. If I am mistaken and Clinton wins on the 8th then I'll probably never hear the end of it, but that's a risk that has to be taken, because what I see here is a move on the chess board that others are not considering. If I'm wrong, then I'm wrong.
That said, if I am right, then I still lose, because Trump supporters and half the liberty movement will be so enraptured that they will probably ignore the greater issue — that Trump is the candidate the elites wanted all along.
If I am right, I cannot say either way if Trump is aware that he will be a potential scapegoat for the elites. With Trump on the way to the White House I can guarantee a Fed rate hike in December. Imagine what a staged war between Trump and the Federal Reserve will do to the U.S. dollar? What a way to destroy the currency's world reserve status and make way for the IMF's Special Drawing Rights! I also suspect that widespread rioting is on the schedule as well from various social justice mobs; a perfect excuse for expansive martial law measures, don't you think?
The point is, as horrifying as a Clinton presidency might be to conservatives (or to everyone), don't get too comfortable under Trump. The party is just getting started and our vigilance must be even greater with a conservative White House, because, like it or not, everything Trump does is going to reflect on us. We can no more allow unconstitutional activities under Trump than we could under Clinton. If you think the election has been chaotic and confusing so far, just wait until after it is over.
If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here . We greatly appreciate your patronage. You can contact Brandon Smith at: brandon@alt-market.com 

ARTICLE


As of this writing, the increased U.S. troop presence in Eastern Europe includes a battalion-sized element of American troops being emplaced in the Suwalki Gap, Polish territory that borders Lithuania in a 60-mile stretch of corridor. The Russian Defense Ministry announced that 600 Russian and Belarussian airborne troops conducted training exercises in Brest, on the Belorussian-Polish border only a few miles from where the U.S. forces are deploying in Poland. This on the heels of Britain deploying 800 men, tanks, and jets to Estonia, along with pledges of Challenger 2 tanks, APC's (Armored Personnel Carriers), and drones. Two companies of French and Danish Soldiers will join the British in the deployment to Estonia.
For the first time since 1945, Norway has violated its treaty with Russia (then the Soviet Union) not to station foreign troops on its soil. A company of U.S. Marines will soon be stationed for a 6-month deployment in Norway. The situation is heating up in Ukraine, according to a report on fort-russ.com entitled Ukraine Moves Massive Force up to Lugansk Frontline , published October 28, 2016 . The report reveals the Ukrainian Army is deploying 3,500 soldiers and 200 armored vehicles of the 15 th Motorized Infantry Brigade to Krasny Oktyabr in the district of Lugansk in Eastern Ukraine. For the first time in history, Romanian airspace is being patrolled by the RAF (Royal Air Force) of Britain.
In addition, the Ukrainian National Guard is deploying a tactical company equipped with 82 mm mortars and AGS-17 auto grenade launchers, along with APC's and missile launchers. A separate reconnaissance battalion named the 'Night Shades,' a nationalist volunteer battalion will be deploying to Lugansk as well. No doubt they will receive a 'warm' reception, as the fighting has been ongoing in the region for more than two years. The area is a severe flashpoint, as the separatists are ethnic Russians of Ukrainian nationality who wish to secede in the manner that Crimea did…Russia annexed them after the popular vote to leave Ukraine. Now (since December 2015) the Congress gave the green light to send weapons and munitions to Ukraine; the 'holdup' is due to Obama not wanting to jeopardize the election of Hillary Clinton, as the Russians have stated weapons to Ukraine means war with the U.S. and NATO.
Meanwhile the Varshankya-class stealth subs are deploying into the Black Sea as the Russian fleet is moving toward Syria. The Russian and Syrian armies continue to bomb and attack the al-Nusra/Jabhat Fatah ash-Sham fighters emplaced in the city of Aleppo. The mainstream media, meanwhile, is faltering in its attempt to create a 'sacred U.S.-coalition crusade' to 'free the city of Mosul,' as the offensive is not working quite as planned. There are also reports that the U.S. government has plans to 'navigate' Islamic terrorists from Mosul into Syria, to cause more problems for Assad and the Russians; the mainstream media is notoriously silent on the collateral damages being caused by the U.S.-led Mosul attacks, in which U.S. aircraft are supporting with bombing missions.
Let's be clear on this: The U.S. is beefing up conventional forces of American troops into Eastern Europe and convincing NATO countries to augment these deployments with soldiers and equipment. The Russians have been responding with opposing counter-deployments to offset the U.S.-NATO movements. The aggressive stance is being taken by the U.S.-NATO-IMF hegemony in its military buildup in Eastern Europe and the Baltic States, the very 'backyard' of Russia.
The bottom line: the stage is being set to start WWIII on the slightest provocation. 
The domestic perspective yields that just a few weeks after the ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) transfer from U.S. control to (basically) the UN on October 1, 2016, the U.S. has had a DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attack from hackers on October 21, 2016 affecting the east and west coast of the U.S. as well as Texas and part of Europe. Just one week before, on OCtobr 13, 2016 Obama signed an Executive Order for Space Weather anomalies just 'in case' some 'space weather anomaly' were to cripple the power grid and electrical infrastructure of the United States.
Something even worse that happened may really tie into this. 
Last week it was reported by the U.S. Army that Major General John Rossi had committed suicide . Rossi had been slated to take over as the Commander of U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command, and the Army Forces Strategic Command. General Rossi was about to complete 33 years of service and was only 55 years old. He was 'found' at Redstone Arsenal, and the Army just ruled it a suicide. The Daily Mail on dailymail.co.uk reported that a U.S. government official told USA Today: 'It seemed that Rossi was overwhelmed by his responsibilities' as a potential reason for his suicide.
The problem is, he committed suicide on July 31, 2016…and it's taken two months for the Army to rule it as being a suicide? 
With the command assignment, Rossi would have been privy to every procedure and protocol to defend the United States against an ICBM (intercontinental ballistic missile) attack or an EMP (electromagnetic pulse) attack or event . He would know everything from the 'top' down: that is, the Commander-in-Chief (Obama) would have to foster a one-on-one relationship with the man who would hold the key post to defending against a foreign missile attack.
Maybe this time the missile would not have been foreign, or if it was? It may not have been the leader of a foreign country to direct it against the United States. 
It is almost impossible to believe that a Major General of the United States Army just receiving a top command post, a 55-year-old soldier…a general officer…with 33 years of service, a wife, and a loving family would 'off' himself because of being 'overwhelmed by responsibility.' Men such as Rossi (the highest-ranking member of the military to do such a thing) do not shirk responsibility: they meet it, head on. The whole thing stinks of a purge , in the manner that the entire military of the United States has been purged of hundreds of senior General Staff officers, Admiralty, and Senior Noncommissioned Officers…replaced by 'yes' men over the course of Obama's term.
The whole thing stinks of an assassination : no suicide note, no real press coverage, and nothing from his friends, family, or fellow soldiers. This occurs, and then Obama signs his Executive Order to 'protect' us from the dreaded space anomaly that will take down our infrastructure. Could this have possibly been a suicide? Think of all of the heartache and grief his family is going through with his loss. What about the benefits and retirement that his family would lose with such an act? If he really committed suicide, then it was probably because he found out about something so heinous, so vile that would occur to the U.S. that he couldn't live with it and probably couldn't stop it.
Bottom line: Was he terminated when he wouldn't go along with a false flag EMP-plan conceived by Obama to take down our grid, cripple our response time, and set the stage for martial law and the suspension of all rights under the Constitution of the United States? 
As I have mentioned in the past, I repeat once again:
The next war will be initiated by an EMP device detonated above the continental United States followed by a limited nuclear exchange and then conventional warfare. 
I never said that it wouldn't be Obama who initiated the EMP device, and in all probability if he doesn't initiate it…he'll either provoke it, allow it, or request it. We haven't even mentioned the voting (early voting) taking place where fraud is occurring in Maryland, Virginia, Illinois, and Florida, among others. The illusion of the vote: the joke of the year, but the joke is on us.
And Obama is the joker, setting the stage for the transfer of power. That transfer is not going to occur with the losing candidate (in either case) going gently into that good night. The stage is set for a war to begin. The stage is set for a false flag operation to take down our grid. The stage is set to steal the election for Clinton or declare it null and void. Within the next few weeks, the future of the United States will be decided…with or without the consent of the governed.
Jeremiah Johnson is the Nom de plume of a retired Green Beret of the United States Army Special Forces (Airborne). Mr. Johnson is also a Gunsmith, a Certified Master Herbalist, a Montana Master Food Preserver, and a graduate of the U.S. Army's SERE school (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape). He lives in a cabin in the mountains of Western Montana with his wife and three cats. You can follow Jeremiah's regular writings at SHTFplan.com or contact him here . 
This article may be republished or excerpted with proper attribution to the author and a link to www.SHTFplan.com . 
Related: 
The Prepper's Blueprint: A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster 
Top Tier Gear: The Most Advanced Tactical Gas Mask In The World 
The United States Is Pre-Positioning 'Enemy Assets' In Preparation For A Rigged Election 
A Foreshadowing Of Things To Come: 'This Cyberattack Was Initiated By The U.S. Government… A Beta Test Done In Preparation For A False Flag' 
Unrest and Martial Law? Leaked Military Drill Anticipates 'No Rule of Law' After Election Results 
How To Survive Occupied America: 'Red Dawn Just Started… And You're In It' 
The Threat Is Real And Imminent: The Next World War Will Be Initiated By A First Strike Utilizing An EMP Weapon 
ARTICLE

Zero Hedge The Fix Is In: NBC Affiliate Accidentally Posts Election Results A Week Early: Hillary Wins Presidency 42% to Trump's 40% Mac Slavo Comments (46) Read by 12,991 people 
NBC affiliate WRCB TV in Chattanooga, Tennessee has inadvertently posted election night results. The results page appears to be similar to what mainstream news networks display on election night, including Presidential and Congressional results, the popular vote count, electoral votes, and percentage of precincts reporting. 
The page, a screen shot of which has been sourced from internet archive site The Wayback Machine , is posted below and shows totals for the upcoming Presidential race. It announces Hillary Clinton as the winner. 
As Jim Stone notes, the page was pulled directly from the WorldNow.com content management platform utilized by major networks like NBC, CBS, ABC and Fox and appears to be a non-public staging area for news and election results. 
The original page has since been reset. ( Click here for full size image ) 
Though the results information appears on an FTP server at WorldNow.com, media companies like NBC's WRCB TV utilize the platform, also know as 'Frankly,' to power their news content. This can be verified directly a the WRCB web site by scrolling to the very bottom of the page footer which notes that it is, 'Powered By Frankly.' 
In addition to national results, Jim Stone has identified another page at the WorldNow.com FTP server that appears to show the State-By-State Presidential election results. This page is also accessible in archive format at WayBack Machine with a line by line breakdown available at Stone's website. 
Of interest is that the State-By-State results indicate a Hillary Clinton win in states like Texas (42% to 40%), Florida (44% to 40%) and Pennsylvania (44% to 40%) which have all been identified as states Clinton must steal to win the election . Do these latest election 'results' confirm that the fix is in and the vote is rigged? If so, then we are no longer looking at an election where our votes will count, but rather, a selection where the winner is determined by those who count the votes. Related:
ARTICLE


There have been a wide array of reports suggesting that the U.S. government is preparing military and Homeland Security assets for widespread election fall out. Given the mainstream media's inclination towards Hillary Clinton and recently presented evidence that Democrat operatives have been attempting to illegally influence the ballot box through falsifying votes and electronic tampering , it appears that concerns surrounding a rigged election are not necessarily unfounded, as President Obama would have us believe.
With the election just days away, the fix appears to be in and some Americans are readying themselves for a confrontation should one be necessary.
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton.
They say they won't fire the first shot, but they're not planning to leave their guns at home, either.
…
Trump has repeatedly warned that the election may be 'rigged,' and has said he may not respect the results if he does not win. At least one paramilitary group, the Oath Keepers, has called on members to monitor voting sites for signs of fraud
…
 
Over the past week, some prominent Trump supporters have hinted at violence.
'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket,' former Illinois Representative Joe Walsh wrote on Twitter last week. Conservative commentator Wayne Root fantasized about Clinton's death while speaking at a Trump rally in Las Vegas on Sunday.
Back in Georgia, the Three Percent Security Force wrapped up rifle practice in the midday sun. They then headed further into the trees to tackle an obstacle course with loaded pistols at their sides, ready for whatever may come.
Source: Zero Hedge via Raw Story 
The story comes from the mainstream media, of course, and ties in the Oklahoma City bombing, Waco and the Ruby Ridge incidents, all of which involved people with ties to militias.
The way the report itself is framed appears to have the purpose of sowing seeds of 'crazy conspiracy theorists' into the minds of the general public so that if push comes to shove government actions will be justified in the eyes of the American citizenry.
But whatever the narrative, it is clear that the possibility of post-election chaos is becoming all the more probable . Whether the initial outcome shows a Trump win or a Hillary win, there are going to be tens of millions of very pissed off people in this country. And there's a very good chance that some of them will take action, which according to Mike Adams could subsequently lead to open warfare on the streets of America:
As I've publicly predicted numerous times over the last year, if Donald Trump wins, the radical extreme leftists go on a violent rampage that leads to the rest of us begging for martial law. After half a dozen cities burn with riots and looting, Trump invokes a national emergency, deploying National Guard troops across the most devastated urban areas, and the radical left finds itself in a shooting war with the government.
If Hillary Clinton wins, all the Trump supporters who have been violently assaulted, spat upon and physically attacked by the radical left un-holster their concealed weapons and start shooting back. This quickly escalates into open warfare between lunatic leftist Hillary supporters and armed Trump 'Second Amendment' people who basically figure they've got nothing left to lose anyway, so why not fight to save America? 
Full Report: The Election Is A Ticking Time Bomb: 'Chaos Will Erupt In Less Than 100 Days' 
It would only take a small group, perhaps even one that's operating under a false flag, to light a wildfire that could spread from coast to coast. The assets, as Jeremiah Johnson warns , have already been put into place by the Obama administration:
In summary, the U.S. is prepositioning its 'enemy-assets' to blame – on what the administration does – for a collapsed election labeled as 'rigged' or the suspension of the election for any number of reasons , real or illusory, such as a genuine attack the U.S. provokes or an attack the U.S. carries out on itself . Civil unrest and/or war are the escape hatches to bail out of the Constitution and to take control of the country…not letting either crisis go to waste. With civil rest or a world war, the administration will be handed the country on a platter – indefinitely – and the election will be a moot point, whether it happened or not.
Full report: The United States Is Pre-Positioning 'Enemy Assets' In Preparation For A Rigged Election 
All of this may sound extreme, but this Presidential election has been nothing short of insane thus far.
Whatever the outcome, there will be calls of rigging from both sides, especially if it happens to be Hillary Clinton who , as evidence shows, has been rigging things all along.
It only took one bullet in 1914 to lead to widespread global confrontation. In the end, no one really cared who fired it or who got shot. The assets had already been positioned ahead of time and were just waiting for someone to detonate the powder keg.
If this is the case in America today, then this election will not end on November 8th, but could drag on for weeks or months as we saw with Bush vs. Gore in 2000.
Should tensions heat up and lead to confrontation, it is possible that President Obama will call for a national emergency and activate the Doomsday Executive Order to 'restore order.' In this instance, the entire country could be on lock-down, so preparing for this outcome now in the event of curfews, rationing or any number of other potential scenarios is in order.
Related: 
The Prepper's Blueprint – A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster 
The Election Is A Ticking Time Bomb: 'Chaos Will Erupt In Less Than 100 Days' 
Leaked Military Drill Anticipates 'No Rule of Law' After Election Results 
United Nations Soldier Says They Will Soon Occupy America: 'Going Door-to-Door Taking Guns Or Shooting To Kill' 
Ad Shows Army Prepping for Martial Law: 'This Is Not Battle Training. This Is Riot Control' 

ARTICLE

With the things heating up just days before what is arguably the craziest Presidential election in American history, Joe Joseph weighs in on the latest leaks, the potential for post-election unrest, and looming crisis.
They're so worried about… 'maybe at the end of the day I might not be able to sit in my Barca lounger at the end of the night' or 'I might not be able to watch that football game on Sunday' … Let me tell you… If things go the way that The Powers That Shouldn't Be want them, there will be no Barca lounges and there will be no NFL.
So it's either we do things now while we have the chance… because there will come a time when it's too late.. and you will be begging to have your old life back. 
And the answer's going to be, 'you had the opportunity and now it's gone.' 
There's a lot of things here in the United States, in the western world and in society that we used to have and used to enjoy… quality of life… the ability to earn a liveable wage… fast evoparting… those used to be a lot more present… people used to be a lot more comfortable..
And it's just not the case anymore… And it's only going to get worse… 
Unless we the people draw the line in the sand and we stick with it.
Watch the Daily News Brief from The Daily Sheeple Youtube Channel :

( Watch at Youtube )
Don't forget to share and subscribe: 
 

 

ARTICLE


Before the recent torrent of daily Podesta email dumps brought renewed attention to Wikileaks (and accusations Julian Assange was working with the Kremlin despite his recent denial, which ultimately cost him his internet access), the media's attention was closely focused on the recently emerged hacker known as Guccifer 2.0, who claimed to be behind the hacking of the nearly 20,000 Democratic National Committee emails and other documents distributed over the summer by WikiLeaks, and who likewise was accused of cooperating with Russia.
Earlier today, after a two week silence, Guccifer 2.0 reemerged, with a post on his blog, in which he alleges that he has information from inside the Federal Election Commission, according to which 'democrats may rig the elections.' He then adds 'this may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies.'
INFO FROM INSIDE THE FEC: THE DEMOCRATS MAY RIG THE ELECTIONS I'd like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies.
As I've already said, their software is of poor quality, with many holes and vulnerabilities.
I have registered in the FEC electronic system as an independent election observer; so I will monitor that the elections are held honestly.
I also call on other hackers to join me, monitor the elections from inside and inform the U.S. society about the facts of electoral fraud.
It is unclear what FEC information the hacker was in possession of, or was referring to, and how he intends to observe the elections. A recent video by Bev Harris of BlackBoxVoting provided a real-time demo of the GEMS vote-fraud system, 'fraction magic,' an election theft mechanism with context and explanation. There is much more detail on the BlackBoxVoting website .
The demonstration below used a real voting system and real vote databases and takes place in seconds across multiple jurisdictions. Over 5000 subcontractors and middlemen have the access to perform this for any or all clients. It can give contract signing authority to whoever the user chooses. All political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors. It's a product. It's scaleable. It learns its environment and can adjust to any political environment, any demographic. It runs silently, invisibly, and can produce plausible results that really pass for the real thing.
It is possible that this is the process that Guccifer is referring to, although we are merely speculating. We are confident he will provide more detail shortly.
While we wait, watch the following video explaining how elections can be (and perhaps are) rigged.

ARTICLE


There's no other way to put it.
The system as we know it will collapse. This, argues Karl Denninger of the Market Ticker , is a mathematical certainty.
In a recent interview with Future Money Trends Denninger touches on the various dire challenges facing America. From the Presidential election to the rampant corruption in our financial, political and healthcare systems, he pulls no punches and warns that the worst is yet to come unless real action is taken immediately. Failure to do so, says Denninger, will lead to a collapse of everything we consider to be a part of our current way of life.
If we do not start locking people up our government, our way of life and every asset class… the price of all of them… is going to collapse. This is not a maybe. This is arithmetic. It's not politics. The problem here is that nobody in the political sphere from either party is talking about this. This is where the problem lies.
…At the same time, this is what is bankrupting all of the public sector pensions… If you're a policeman, a firefighter, a teacher in any of the states you're not going to get your money . At best you'll get half. I've run the numbers… the best systems in the country right now will be able to pay half of those benefits… many of them are worse than that. You're going to also see the collapse of all the state budgets for the same reason because they've got those embedded liabilities. Law or no law, I don't care what your state Constitution says you have. If you can't collect the money you're not going to get the check. 

( Watch at Youtube )
What's worse is the fact that not only can we not stop what's coming, Denninger says that there is really no way to prepare for it from a wealth preservation aspect because anything that doesn't get wiped out in a crash will probably be stolen by the government. Thus, when we think preparedness, we'd better be thinking in terms of survival essentials:
You can't [protect your wealth]. You need to be looking at your wealth in terms of how many chickens are you going to be able to buy or how many gallons of gasoline… or how many kilowatt hours of electricity because the number of dollars you have or how many ounces of gold is utterly immaterial… The only thing that matters is what they buy. 
… The problem is and the aspect that people take on this …. and I get these questions all the time whenever I post an article showing the math… The first thing that comes up in the comments is ' what do I do as an investor to protect myself from this? '…. The answer is there isn't a way to do it… remember, the government will steal everything that's not nailed down and not protected with your life… so, unless you're willing to die, at which point you don't care how much money you have because you're dead, there is no personal protection method that works.
If the picture Denninger paints of the future of America is accurate – and we can't really argue with the mathematical evidence he has put forth at The Market Ticker over the last decade – then when this system does collapse it is going to lead to widespread chaos as every asset class out there is going to be worth significantly less than it is today.
In such a scenario we need to consider what will have value and what will take the form of money when dollars are no longer a feasible mechanism for exchange.
As Denninger points out, the only thing of importance will be how much the'assets' in your posession will be able to buy.
Dollars may be worthless in this instance. Gold and silver may have fallen or risen in price, but their purchasing power is what will matter, and as Denninger notes, they may be illegal to own so trade would have to take place on black markets. Food, medicine, toilet paper, soap, and other essentials will sky rocket in value, as has been evidenced by the hyperinflationary collapse currently taking place in Venezuela.
So when we look at protecting ourselves from the coming crash of our entire way of life, it's the essential goods and services that people can't live without that will become the assets of choice.
The math is clear. It is coming. Prepare for it now.
Karl Denninger posts regular commentary and news at hsi web site The Market Ticker . He is the author of Leverage: How Cheap Money Will Destroy the World 
Watch more interviews like this one at Future Money Trends . 
Related Reading: 
The Prepper's Blueprint: A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster 
What is Money When the System Collapses? 
Mark Levin: Government Is 'Simulating the Collapse of Our Financial System, the Collapse of Our Society and the Potential for Widespread Violence' 
Venezuelans Facing Severe Food Shortages and Malnutrition Turn to Urban Farming 

ARTICLE


The 2016 Presidential election about to get even crazier.
Earlier this week Joe Joseph reported that recent Wikileaks point to the Clinton family having ties to a child porn abduction ring in Haiti. On top of that, emails appear to confirm that both Bill and Hillary Clinton previously joined convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein at his 'sex slave island,' with Fox News having confirmed that Former President Bill Clinton flew with Epstein on his private jet at least 20 times. As Fox News notes, the plane was outfitted with a bed where travellers would often engage in group sex.
The evidence of criminal activity identified via Anthony Wiener's laptop is so damning that the NYPD was preparing arrest warrants for a number of Clinton campaign officials. A Brietbart report indicates that the investigation was stifled earlier this week by the Justice Department after 'huge pushback.'
And while the Obama administration and liberal mainstream news sources are doing everything in their power to keep the thousands of Wikileak revelations at bay, according to a developing story from the Gatway Pundit , it will be impossible for them to contain the fallout from what comes next.
As early as this weekend we could see the most explosive email, video and photographic evidence yet. According to members of the hacking collective Anonymous, 4Chan, and Hillary State Department target Kim Dotcom, a government insider has provided undeniable evidence that Bill Clinton and six other government officials engaged in sexual acts with minors.
Kim Dotcom, apparently privvy to the evidence, posted a series of Tweets this as highlighted by The Daily Sheeple :
There's unpublished material, yet to come out. Clinton is in serious trouble.
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) November 1, 2016 

With the last one coming Friday evening:
The end is near @HillaryClinton 
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) November 5, 2016 

It appears Dotcom's Tweet was in reference to a 4Chan post archived at The Free Republic which indcates in no uncertain terms that a government official has the evidence that confirms Bill Clinton is indeed a sexual predator:

Until this month, Wikileaks and Anonymous have worked together in building an efficient, detailed, comprehensive set of documents that would be responsible for the incarceration of Hillary Clinton, Bill Clinton, and 21 individuals ranging from the DNC, FBI, CIA, and Clinton foundation. These documents will show without a doubt, evidence of Treason, Obstruction of Justice, Election Fraud, Manipulation and Bribery. 
This was intended to be the October surprise. But before the release of these documents, we were contacted by a member of the FBI, as well as another from the CIA, and a week later by the NYPD . All with information retaining to something much darker than we ever imagined.
Due to the nature of these leaks, we all worked together as efficiently as possible to ensure two objectives:
1.) That all necessary information would be given to the public in an organized, searchable, manageable way.
2.) Those who provided us with this information would be able to find safety before these releases were made ( This concern wasn't without warrant).
…
The new leaks being released this week will provide documents in the form of emails, pictures, and videos. Within these will be evidence of Bill Clinton, as we as at least 6 other Government officials, taking part in sexual acts with minors. As well as evidence of Human trafficking that also include minors. 
We believe these pictures and videos were taken for the purpose of political manipulation. In order to make sure all participants followed through on a previously agreed agenda. 
These documents were given to us by an American Government official when he had come to learn that this crime had been covered by Hillary and her staff through methods including bribery and blackmail. He also told us that due to the restricted access to these documents, they would soon know he was the one who released them to us.
We tried to make arrangements for him to exit the country safely, but he was killed before those arrangements could be carried out. We are still not sure if this is because they became aware of the leak, or if they were scared that he may in the future. In either case, his identity will be made public in this next set of leaks so that he can be honored for the hero that he was.
We will not only be releasing these documents, but we have multiple members of the FBI, CIA, and NYPD who will be publicly verifying their authenticity once their safety is assured. 
This hack has not come from Russia or anyone else they may try to blame this on. This is a leak from Americas own Government Officials who fear for their safety had the opposed them directly due to reasons that will be made clear soon.
We thank you for your patience, as well as your determination and assistance in helping us expose the corruption that has infested our own government. Democracy will be restored to America.
Remember remember the 5th of November. 
If true, then sometime this weekend we will see the end of the Clintons. While they can cover up tens of thousands of email chains and be protected from prosecution by the Justice Department for bribery or pay-for-play, no one will stand in the way if actual sex tapes come to light, especially if minors are involved.
Perhaps this is why FBI Director Comey operated with such haste in recent weeks and publicly re-opened the Clinton investigation, because no one will want to be a friend to Bill or Hillary after this hits the internet.
Related: 
5 States Hillary Is Set to Steal from Trump 
Not Just Assange… Hillary Wants to Drone Strike 'All Dissidents and Whistleblowers' 
Internet Mogul Kim Dotcom: More Leaks Coming, 'Clinton Is in Serious Trouble 
 
ARTICLE

This report is still developing…
Donald Trump has been rushed off the stage in Reno by Secret Service agents. It is unclear exactly what happened but unconfirmed reports indicate that an anti-Trump protester in the crowd flashed a gun.
Crowd response and Secret service activity immediately following Trump's evacuation from the stage shows at least one individual being restrained just feet from where Trump was speaking.
Has the Secret Service thwarted an assassination ?
Video:
JUST NOW: Donald Trump was just rushed off stage during his Nevada campaign rally: https://t.co/7fTJ3N3MQN pic.twitter.com/Hm7CRdFDTU 
— CBS News (@CBSNews) November 6, 2016 

BREAKING NEWS: Donald Trump rushed off stage by Secret Service in Reno after 'incident'. pic.twitter.com/pxNgtWxO0x 
— Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) November 6, 2016 

BREAKING: Secret Service rush Donald Trump off the stage in Reno, Nevada pic.twitter.com/ombbUkldme 
— Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) November 6, 2016 

ARTICLE


What will happen on election day? Will there be riots, violence or attacks if the results appear to be dubious, or any number of divisive groups take to the streets? What if the election triggers an economic collapse?
There are any number of scenarios that could come to life, but it seems clear enough that America in 2016 is a nation on edge.
Civil unrest may now be only days away.
And militia groups are getting ready for the worst case scenarios – a fact that the mainstream media is happy to use to fuel the hysteria.
via Reuters :
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
They say they won't fire the first shot, but they're not planning to leave their guns at home, either.
[…] Trump has repeatedly warned that the election may be 'rigged,' and has said he may not respect the results if he does not win. At least one paramilitary group, the Oath Keepers, has called on members to monitor voting sites for signs of fraud 
'This is the last chance to save America from ruin,' Hill [ of the Three Percent Security Force ] said.
The implication that militia members would incite violence or start a civil war is false and misleading, but the level of tension surrounding this hugely controversial election hold the perfect recipe for chaos. And if there is some event, the causes and provocations won't be settled until well after the fact.
America is facing its darkest days, and the people are fed up with the criminality and corruption that controls the corporate and political sphere. Now, it appears that the bankers and powers that be are poised to use this divisive atmosphere to fuel a new era of instability. While things come unglued, those in power cross the line and take up even more power.
We are facing a level beyond just martial law, and may live to see the complete takeover of the seats of authority across the country.
The Oath Keepers, as one leading group of militia patriots, have been holding 'scenarios and preparation' seminars to prepare the general public and the members of their organization to watch for suspicious election activity – and more importantly – the potential chaos that could result from a disputed election and an angry electorate. Founder Stewart Rhodes wrote :
Lots of talk of unrest on election day, cyber attacks and even possible terror attacks/false flags. In the face of all of this fear porn we here at Oath Keepers thought one of the best things we can do is take a little time, with some of our most experienced and well-trained leadership and talk with fellow Americans about how to prepare if any of these scenarios manifest. One of the motto's that I try and live by and I hear echoed in the membership ranks of the Oath Keepers is 'It is better to have it and not need it, than to need it and not have it' and that goes for skills as well as for gear. Get trained up, fast. Get geared up, fast, and stock up on food, water, fuel, medical, and spare batteries for all your electronics but especially your radios. Get your gear sorted out, organized, and ready to go. And then pray for the best even as you prepare for the worst.
My advice for election day is to vote early (days ahead if you can) and then get home and stay home (if home is safe!). Stay away from big cities and big crowds, and away from public places that may be targeted for terrorism. If you live in a big city that has the potential for civil unrest, violence, looting and arson, get away from it for a few days and don't be there when it goes bad. As John Karriman put it, he'd rather sleep under a bridge for a week than be stuck in a riot. Go camping! Your stuff is not worth your life, and your stuff will not save your life, if your home is burned to the ground by arsonists. Get out. But if you stay, then prepare to repel boarders. Keep your family and friends close, and get ready. Go meet your neighbors and talk it over with them and prepare your own Neighborhood Protection Plan. Do it now. Got team Who's on your buddy team? Who's on your fire-team? Who's on your squad?
[…]
Below is the video recording of the webinar we held on Thursday night, November 3, 2016 on the urgent topic of potential civil unrest surrounding the election and some critical steps you must take to prepare for it.
Civil Unrest Post Election Scenarios & Preparation

There is good cause to be prepared. The population is about to be tested. The rigging of elections is now out in the open, and for better or worse, Donald Trump has rallied people around that sad fact.
While the mainstream media keeps pretending that the soon-to-be-coronated presumed president-elect is infallible, it is clear to those who understand the deep state government that this has been a coup on the part of the Clinton faction to take over the government and suspend constitutional rights and the rule of law.
Dictators and autocrats are not the American way, after all, and this 'election' has been anything but legitimate. The process, which has long been corrupt and broken, is now being completely manipulated by Team Hillary.
Former intelligence operative Steve Pieczenik claims, however, that patriots within the intelligence and military community are attempting to block her path via a counter-coup of some kind, which he claims is entirely non-violent.
According to Pieczenik in a video recording released last week, members within the FBI, NYPD and intelligence agency community are fighting back inside the system. What that really means, and whether or not it will come to fruition remains to be seen:
You are now witnessing a new type of American Revolution. The Clintons and Podesta initiated a silent coup to undermine the USG through corruption and co-optation of the elite political leaders. In turn, they were met by the silent counter-coup of our civilian/military Intelligence community.
As a way of counter-acting the Clinton's silent coup of corruption, these brave men and women of the [intelligence Community ] have released a series of emails through Julian Assange and Wiki-Leaks which underscore the Clintons' massive corruption attempts to take over our USG through the rigged electoral system.

However, email exposes and digital evidence of wrongdoing have proven to be insufficient for derailing this campaign.
Perhaps this is all the more reason that some are readying for defensive measure and last ditch efforts to save the country from outright tyranny.
Is this America's last stand?
Read more: 
Divided America Poised For Riots: '95% Chance of Widespread Post-Election Violence' 
Second Night of Charlotte Police Riots Devolve Into 'Chaos, Looting and Violence' 
Homeland Trains Police for Riots, Civil Unrest: 'This Training Has Never Been in Texas Before' 
Strapped Americans Headed for 'Civil Unrest and Riots,' With Poor Spending 60% on Bare Essentials 

ARTICLE

Read by 1,225 people 
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
Editor's Comment: Would anything the Clinton's allegedly did be enough to constitute a 'scandal'? It is questionable whether even (rumored) video of Bill Clinton engaged in sex acts with minors would raise media eyebrows. It isn't a question of what 'is' is anymore, it is a question of what the supposed 'watchdogs' of the political scene (in all their official and self-appointed capacities) are willing to put on the table. For Alt-Right supporters of Trump, anything and everything is fair game, and there is plenty of detritus to bring to the surface; but for CNN and even FOX, many of these bombshell scandals may well not even exist. 
The establishment is in the battle of its life to spin the great political realignment and rebuke of its powers into a new mandate for control. Whether that plays out in Hillary, or in some bastardized control of Trump's administration after the fact, it is quite clear that the 'Teflon' candidate is being allowed to sweep everything under the carpet. No matter what Wikileaks emails, Guccifer 2.0 hacks, whistleblowers and witnesses reveal, it is smooth sailing for Big H. 
For any other politician, a mere fraction of the dirt piled up on this family would have ended careers, stirred media scrutiny and ended in prosecution, even if it is all just formality ending in suspended sentences. Instead, Hillary only becomes more inevitable in spite of, or possible even because of, the scandals that have emerged (both inside and outside the White House, the federal government, the State Department and the rigged DNC process). It is entirely possible that the electoral college is so locked-up that literally nothing could block her path. Let's see how they tally the score come Tuesday night… 
Doug Band Accuses Chelsea Of Using Clinton Foundation Money To Pay For Her Wedding 
by Tyler Durden 
A couple of days ago we shared a Podesta email from Doug Band about Chelsea talking openly in public about her 'internal investigation' into the Clinton Foundation. 
As with many of the Doug Band email chains , the rabbit hole just got a little deeper today with Band accusing of Chelsea of 'using foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade' among other accusations. He also concludes with another veiled threat on the consequences 'once we go down this road….' 
The investigation into her getting paid for campaigning, using foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade, taxes on money from her parents…. 
I hope that you will speak to her and end this 
Once we go down this road…. 

The implications are troubling: as our friends from the Southern Investigative Reporting Foundation point out, '* If true* people (then) worth well into 8 figures used 501c3 $ to pay for a wedding. ' *If true* people (then) worth well into 8 figures used 501c3 $ to pay for a wedding. #PodestaEmails32 @wikileaks https://t.co/xpYZbDN4C0 
— SIRF (@SIRF_Report) November 6, 2016 
The latest Band email comes after he previously accused Chelsea of talking about her 'internal investigation' in the Clinton Foundation with 'one of the bush 43 kids.' 
I just received a call from a close friend of wjcs who said that cvc told one of the bush 43 kids that she is conducting an internal investigation of money within the foundation from cgi to the foundation 
The bush kid then told someone else who then told an operative within the republican party 
I have heard more and more chatter of cvc and bari talking about lots of what is going on internally to people 
Not smart 
Something tells us that Chelsea and Doug may not be on speaking terms for a while after all the WikiLeaks revelations. 
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . Click here to subscribe : Join over one million monthly readers and receive breaking news, strategies, ideas and commentary. Please Spread The Word And Share This Post 
Author: Tyler Durden Views: Read by 1,225 people Date: November 7th, 2016 Website: http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-06/doug-band-accuses-chelsea-using-clinton-foundation-money-pay-her-wedding 
Copyright Information: This content has been contributed to SHTFplan by a third-party or has been republished with permission from the author. Please contact the author directly for republishing information.
ARTICLE


This article was written by Melissa Dykes and originally published at The Daily Sheeple . 
Editor's Comment: Time and again, we have seen those in power planning to use an EMP or massive solar flare as a pretext for total unrest, a collapse of the electric grid and the institution of martial law. 
With so much at stake in the election, and more uncertainty than ever, are we about to witness the grandest wild card factor ever to enter U.S. politics? Is is possible that election results could be suspended as a result of a total meltdown of the electric grid, and the likely destruction/unreliability of electronic voting machines in every state? 
There's no way to predict what may actually occur, but there is no way to look away from this potentially deadly scenario either. Just why did Obama prepare for this exact scenario? Though this one is kind of 'out there,' it doesn't change the real possibility that the feds may just be poised to take more power than ever before in history. This is truly eerie… 
Just Weeks After Obama's Executive Order on Catastrophic Space Weather Events, a Coronal Mass Ejection Is Set to Hit on Election Day 
by Melissa Dykes
This has already been the craziest election in the history of the country, with the most overt corruption and fraud the American people have likely ever seen.
Now, on top of everything else that's scheduled to go down tomorrow, it is being projected that a powerful coronal mass ejection (CME) is set to hit Earth tomorrow, and not just hit earth but a direct hit is in our forecast.
According to Space Weather Live , 'A coronal mass ejection (or CME) is a giant cloud of solar plasma drenched with magnetic field lines that are blown away from the Sun during strong, long-duration solar flares and filament eruptions.' 
What this means is the very real potential for strong geomagnetic storms here on Earth. Potential storms from CMEs like this have been known to cause everything from lost satellite control to radio and television interference to power grid disruption and failure.
For example, in March 1989 , a powerful CME caused strong variations in the Earth's magnetic field which tripped circuit breakers in Québec's power grid, causing a massive blackout.
What makes this timing even more unsettling is the fact that just weeks ago, Obama signed a brand new executive order on October 13, 2016 specifically regarding Department of Energy, Department of Defense, and Homeland Security coordination in handling 'space weather events' as reported by Mac Slavo over at SHTFplan.com :
Via WhiteHouse.Gov 
Executive Order — Coordinating Efforts to Prepare the Nation for Space Weather Events 
By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, and to prepare the Nation for space weather events , it is hereby ordered as follows:
Section 1. Policy. Space weather events, in the form of solar flares, solar energetic particles, and geomagnetic disturbances, occur regularly, some with measurable effects on critical infrastructure systems and technologies, such as the Global Positioning System (GPS), satellite operations and communication, aviation, and the electrical power grid. Extreme space weather events — those that could significantly degrade critical infrastructure — could disable large portions of the electrical power grid, resulting in cascading failures that would affect key services such as water supply, healthcare, and transportation . Space weather has the potential to simultaneously affect and disrupt health and safety across entire continents. Successfully preparing for space weather events is an all-of-nation endeavor that requires partnerships across governments, emergency managers, academia, the media, the insurance industry, non-profits, and the private sector.
What are the odds??? 
It's not like CMEs and solar flares are anything new… so why all of a sudden are they saying we need to, 'speed the creation of a space-weather-ready Nation' right before it comes out that just a geomagnetic disturbance might happen on election day?
Add to that the fact that recently Homeland Security was also talking about taking over the elections as a matter of national security…
Do they know something we don't here? Either way, considering that most of our data on these things comes from government agencies, the timing definitely makes you wonder what shenanigans are going to get pulled tomorrow with our easily hacked electronic voting machines …
Can't you just see the 'confusion' that could be caused by intermittent power outages on election day, all blamed on the sun?

And no matter what, it's always good to be prepared . 
This article was written by Melissa Dykes and originally published at The Daily Sheeple . 
Melissa Dykes is a writer, researcher, and analyst for The Daily Sheeple and a co-creator of Truthstream Media with Aaron Dykes, a site that offers teleprompter-free, unscripted analysis of The Matrix we find ourselves living in. Melissa and Aaron also recently launched Revolution of the Method and Informed Dissent . Wake the flock up! 

ARTICLE


There's more than one way for the establishment to yield power from this election.
The first path is obvious, direct and potentially deadly. A Hillary presidency will be surrounded by bitter people, and overt uses of power, along with war, increased taxes and thinly-veiled pay-for-play politics benefiting the billionaires who've bankrolled her rise to power.
The other path is less predictable, but possible just the perfect 'magic formula' they need to get things flowing again.
The Brexit vote, a by-product of populist anger against economic stagnation and political angst, was secretly a win for those who wield power from the financial sector.
In the end, the disquiet of the people has proven to be the secret ingredient to stirring something up in an economy otherwise stymied by quantitative easing and dismal economic returns.
As Zero Hedge explains , it just may be, particularly in light of some of the statements that have been made by significant figures on Wall Street:
So yes, inflation is possible, it just can't coexist with political stability, which may explain why – according to some more conspiratorial elements – a 'surprising' Trump victory on Tuesday may be assured : after all, what better way to unleash political instability than to inaugurate the candidate who promises a full break with the establishment as we know it. If in the process, it leads to a surge in much needed inflation, now that QE has tried and failed, it's a price the establishment, reeling under the weight of record global debt, is willing to pay.
One River Asset Management's Eric Peters laying out his inflationary 'revelation':
'British spenders have entirely looked through post-Brexit uncertainty,' said Mark Carney [governor of the Bank of England]. … So the Bank of England forecast its biggest inflation overshoot since 1997; expecting 2018 price gains to peak at +2.8%.
What's it tell us?
A populist uprising, compromised free trade, immigration restrictions, a 15% currency devaluation, 0.50% interest rates combined with aggressive QE is today's magic formula for modestly exceeding a 2% inflation target 2yrs hence. 
[…]we live in the 2010s, and inflationary expectations have succumbed to decades of independent central banking. Economic volatility is remarkably muted too. With it has come a long period of political stability. […] And we also know that a long period of political stability is drawing to a close. 
But we can't be sure that political volatility will increase inflation volatility. Nor can we be sure that it won't. It all depends on time and place. And today's time and place is something new.
Is this proof that the elite are secretly planning to make lemonade from the lemons of American discontent and the wild card candidacy of Donald Trump?
That is a difficult call to make, but it is worth noting that there is clearly an advantage to be held if this outcome does occur.
As Tumelar notes, the fix is in either way:
It's either inflation by Trump's victory or by WW3 started by Hillary Clinton. 
A hard choice for the banksters. 
Of course, the situation is much more complicated than just inflation, or any one factor. There is a great deal of speculation that the end of QE, known to be no longer effective at stimulating the economy has made a stock market collapse inevitable, subject to the Fed raises rates.
It appears that Yellen has been waiting for the outcome of the election, and one way or another, will dump the next crisis on the next president. If that proves to be Trump, he will be blamed for the downfall… meanwhile, there will be those waiting in the shadows to profit from disaster.
For his part, astute columnist Brandon Smith has consistently argued that the elite have chosen Trump and will allow him to take the presidency – only to use the unpredictability as a catalyst for order out of chaos, and the institution of great political and economic controls over the country:
The vast majority of analysts in the mainstream and in the alternative media refused to acknowledge the possibility that a successful Brexit actually works in FAVOR of the globalists, because it provides them a perfect scapegoat for a financial crisis that has been broiling for years and is now ready to burst into flames.
[…]
I argue that the globalists want Trump in office, just as they wanted the passage of the Brexit. I argue that they need conservative movements to feel as though we have won, so that they can pull the rug out from under us in the near future. I argue that we are being set up. 
Again, the elites are openly telling us what is about to happen. They are telling us that if 'populists' (conservatives) gain political power, the system will effectively collapse. To what extent is hard to say, but let's assume that the situation will be ugly enough to influence the masses to reconsider the ideal of globalism as a possible solution. The elites are fond of the Hegelian dialectic and the philosophy of 'order out of chaos,' after all.
Again, the reasons parallel the reasons that Brexit was able to succeed in spite of fierce establishment opposition.
The master manipulators are adaptive to any market conditions, and their influence runs deeper than the electorate of any given political season. Its agents and officers instruct the candidates and make demands, not the other way around.
In a puppeteer's world, must we always argue for the existence of puppets on every stage?
Read more: 
'Trump Will Be ALLOWED To Win,' Only to Be Blamed For The Coming Financial Crash 
The Bubble Will Burst, But Fed Is Waiting For Politics 'With Trump Lurking Around' 
Trump Accuses Fed of Not Raising Rates Because Obama 'Doesn't Want a Bubble Burst' Until He Leaves 
Ron Paul: Unless the Fed is Stopped, America Will 'Soon Experience Major Economic Crisis' 
'Fed Risks Triggering Panic and Turmoil': World Bank Warns Against Raising Rates 

ARTICLE


According to Reuters , Hillary Clinton has a 90% chance of winning the election unless Donald Trump can win two of the key swing states of Michigan, Florida or Pennsylvania. This, of course, explains why Clinton held a star studded concert in Philadelphia last night in an attempt to attract audience members who would have otherwise stayed home had Bruce Springsteen not been the real headliner.
Trump, on the other hand, continued to fill venues to capacity across the country with miles-long lines and standing room only.
And though many national and electoral polls have Hillary ahead, the odd mainstream polling data showing a Clinton win despite a massive response from Trump supporters appears to be easily explained by what senior strategist Robert Cahaly of the Trafalgar Group calls the 'neighbor ballot test.'
It's a sign Trump's share of the vote is being underestimated, Robert Cahaly, senior strategist for the Trafalgar Group of Atlanta that conducted the unorthodox survey, told LifeZette.
…
Cahaly says the 'neighbors' numbers back up the 'shy Tory' theory — that respondents are shy about saying they will vote for a candidate or cause that has been tagged as racist or distasteful by the media and popular culture. The most recent case was the British exit from the European Union, or 'Brexit,' as it is called.
Source: LifeZette 
According to that 'neighbor' ballot test, Trump is destroying Clinton.
Provided that the vote counting in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Florida is legitimate and not plagued with illegal or dead voters , it appears that Trump is set to take not just two of these states, but all three of them:
Pennsylvania 
Clinton: 46.51%
Trump: 48.43% 
Johnson: 2.30%
Stein: 1.08%
Other/Undecided: 1.69%
(1300+ Respondents, MOE +/- 2.68)
Florida 
Clinton: 46.13%
Trump: 49.72% 
Johnson: 2.43%
Stein: 0.62%
Other/Undecided: 1.09%
(1100+ Respondents, MOE +/- 2.89)
Michigan 
Clinton: 46.82%
Trump: 48.52% 
Johnson: 2.89%
Stein: 0.90%
Other/Undecided: 0.87%
(1200+ Respondents, MOE +/- 2.77)
Commenting on the survey, TFG Senior Strategist Robert Cahaly said, 'Though the results vary from state to state, these four surveys have one thing in common: question 2 points to where we think 'hidden Trump voters' are.'
Cahaly continued, 'We have believed for weeks that the actual Clinton/Trump final numbers will fall between the ballot test and the neighbors ballot test.'
Cahaly concluded, 'We expect Trump to have an overwhelming victory in Georgia, an outside the margin of error win in Florida, as well as close wins in Pennsylvania and Michigan.'
Source: Trafalgar Group Press Release, Nov 7 
In short, one of the reasons that this years polls have been widely skewed from one candidate to the other is that there are a lot of voters out there who have not honestly answered the question of who they will vote for if they are a Trump supporter. This is due in part to the fact that a large swath of Hillary Supporters, and even Clinton herself, have referred to Trump leaning voters as racists, bigots and misogynists. 
Those 'shy' voters will have no such problems inside a private voting booth, which suggests, based on Trafalgar's survey results, that they will overwhelmingly lean towards Trump in key swing states.
If the vote counting is on the up-and-up, these surveys show a hands-down Trump win.
Watch: The 5 States Hillary Must Steal To Win The Election 

Related: 'Trump Will Be ALLOWED To Win,' Only to Be Blamed For The Coming Financial Crash 
ARTICLE


As of this writing, a very disturbing piece (of garbage) surfaced on the Internet. Many of you may have already seen it. Here's an excerpt from it, because it is an 'article' that is completely false, written by Andy Borowitz for The New Yorker and it appeared November 5th as The Borowitz Report .
THIS EXCERPT IS FROM A FALSE ARTICLE, LABELED AS 'COMEDY' 
'The Russian President seemed to relish the warm response he got at his first Trump rally, in Tampa, Florida, where he led the crowd in a raucous chant of 'Lock her up.' While some in the media criticized the Trump campaign for allowing Putin to influence the outcome of a U.S. election, the Republican nominee's campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, pushed back in an appearance on CNN. 
'This is just another case of media bias against Donald Trump,' she said. 'Jay Z and Beyoncé, who have no experience in government at all, are allowed to campaign for Hillary Clinton, but Vladimir Putin, who actually runs an entire country, can't appear with Donald Trump? Come on.' 
ONCE AGAIN: THIS EXCERPT IS NOT TRUE AND IS NOT NEWS. 
This article (as further evidenced by its e-mail address) is listed as 'humor,' and The Borowitz Report is supposed to be comedic. Andy Borowitz is a New York Times bestselling author who was the creator of 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air,' and has written for the New Yorker since 1998. In 2001, apparently, he created the Borowitz Report that is listed in Wikipedia as being 'a satirical news column that has millions of readers around the world.'
I personally do not find one thing funny about it, but there's plenty that is 'funny' about it in another meaning. 
Andy Borowitz is a Harvard graduate who just happened to have worked for the Democratic National Convention in 2004. His work is picked up by the Mainstream Media Marxist Monopoly (MMMM, my own term) by such notable Pravda-like publications such as the LA Times, Seattle Times, Philadelphia Enquirer, and the Huffington Post. Borowitz also appears periodically as an NPR Commentator.
The excerpted article is a deliberate attempt at disinformation, 'covering' itself as 'comedy.' There is absolutely nothing funny or entertaining about that article. As his column is described as having 'millions of readers around the world,' Borowitz and his handlers and editors know exactly what they're doing .
This deliberate piece of disinformation, masquerading as 'comedy/satire' and presented in a 'news-style' fashion in large circulation is meant to confuse and sway voters. 
A substantial percentage of the American public believe the crafted script of the government is preparation of a false flag operation to rig the election and blame it on the Russians. They have set it up to convince people that the Russians are hacking into and manipulating our electoral process. 'Humor,' it is labeled as? What is humorous about it? Absolutely nothing .
About a dozen websites listed the title of Borowitz's disinformation either whole or in part. Never having heard of Borowitz or his 'column,' I looked at it in horrified disbelief, then found on www.abovetopsecret.com on a commenting thread that 'The Borowitz Report' was not true news. I'm glad the report is false, because it would be picked up and immediately pointed at to 'prove' a 'Russian connection' between Trump and Putin, and be used for further 'justification' for the U.S. government to pin the coming theft of the election/sabotage on Russia.
As it stands, though, Borowitz put out this garbage and really made it appear 'newsworthy' to skew an already dumbed-down voting public into believing in the theatrics of its presentation, along with the 'connection' to further substantiate claims of a rigged election by Trump with the aid of Putin, the President of Russia. This is a pure Alinsky tactic of disinformation , as pure as you can find, and Borowitz can smile and say that it is just comedy, just satire.
Just Borowitz's 'funny' way of trying to influence an election using his 'comedic column' as a shield to protect him from any wrongdoing. 
The Trump rally in Reno, Nevada was 'disturbed' the other day on November 5, 2016. The disrupter was a man named Austyn Crites, a 33-year-old Republican who supports Clinton, an oxymoron in itself unless you consider George H.W. Bush and Colin Powell, Republicans who are voting for Clinton. Crites vociferated his displeasure at Trump and the Secret Service agents assigned to protect him removed the man from the audience . Authorities stated that no weapon was found upon him.
Crites is listed in the e-mails of John Podesta in Wikileaks as being a Clinton supporter. 
It is quite obvious this man deliberately disturbed the rally in Reno. It remains to be seen whether or not he is a paid operative of the Clinton campaign. Whether or not he is being paid, he was in the service of Hillary Clinton and performed his duties. He followed an Alinsky tactic of disrupting and attacking (either violently or nonviolently) a function or organization of an opponent to color it in a negative light and cause confusion and disruption .
Finally, we come to some information listed on www.thegatewaypundit.com , with a video courtesy of Fox Business News from Cavuto coast to coast . In this video clip of about 1 minute, Obama is being interviewed regarding whether or not illegal aliens will be able to vote in this election. Obama (made of Teflon through and through) did not directly 'bite,' but still managed to hint at if an illegal alien should vote in the U.S. election? It probably would stand, as he said this on camera:
'The sanctity of the vote is strictly confidential.' 
President Barack Hussein Obama II 
When you see the video there can be no doubt that the question was meant to lead him into his nebulous answer to exonerate him from any potential 'guilt,' because nothing will come of it yet his point has been made. A sitting president of the U.S. has given assurances that illegal aliens will be able to vote in the upcoming presidential election.
The Democrats and the 'invisibles,' the controllers from behind the scenes will be pulling out all of the stops. A false flag event is just around the corner, and these Marxists are all setting it up…facilitators of whatever is planned, be it a 'fabricated' cyberattack blamed on Russia, a Trump victory that will be 'nullified due to Russian influence,' or even a theft that can be detected.
This last item? Susan Duclos of All News Pipeline wrote an excellent article recently regarding such matters. Susan's piece detailed with great precision Obama's ability to suspend the elections as authorized under the John Warner Defense Act of 2006. She explained how he could declare martial law in accordance with National Security Presidential Directive 51 after classifying 'civil unrest' and disruption of elections and the government as a 'catastrophic emergency.'
A Hillary Clinton 'victory' and confirmation of election theft by Trump supporters will lead to a revolt , and civil unrest is the preferred emergency that Obama would use to declare martial law and suspend/nullify the election . No matter who wins, there will certainly be unrest, and that will probably be coupled with other actions undoubtedly being set up by Obama and the Democrats as we speak. Alinsky may be deceased, but his tactics are being employed by the Democrats in increasing frequency as we draw nearer to election day.
Jeremiah Johnson is the Nom de plume of a retired Green Beret of the United States Army Special Forces (Airborne). Mr. Johnson is also a Gunsmith, a Certified Master Herbalist, a Montana Master Food Preserver, and a graduate of the U.S. Army's SERE school (Survival Evasion Resistance Escape). He lives in a cabin in the mountains of Western Montana with his wife and three cats. You can follow Jeremiah's regular writings at SHTFplan.com or contact him here . 
This article may be republished or excerpted with proper attribution to the author and a link to www.SHTFplan.com . 
Related: 
The Prepper's Blueprint: A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster 
Top Tier Gear: The Most Advanced Tactical Gas Mask In The World 
The United States Is Pre-Positioning 'Enemy Assets' In Preparation For A Rigged Election 
A Foreshadowing Of Things To Come: 'This Cyberattack Was Initiated By The U.S. Government… A Beta Test Done In Preparation For A False Flag' 
Unrest and Martial Law? Leaked Military Drill Anticipates 'No Rule of Law' After Election Results 
How To Survive Occupied America: 'Red Dawn Just Started… And You're In It' 

ARTICLE

Zero Hedge What The Hell Just Happened In Russia: Powerstation Explosion In Naval Base Region – Helicopters Landing On Moscow Streets – Dead Man Found At Russian Consulate in New York Mac Slavo SHTFplan.com Read by 1 people 
Something serious appears to be happening in Russia, as well as at the Russian Consulate in New York. 
Speculation abounds as multiple events taking place in the last few hours indicate that either a very coincidental set of events just happened, or an attack has been initiated against Putin's government. 
Here's what we know right now. 
On the heels of a previous announced pre-positioning of cyber warfare assets last week and some 300,000 NATO troops preparing for battle in Europe, we learn this morning from RT that a massive blast at an electrical substation in Murmanks, Russia has left part of the region without power. 
What makes this outage particularly interesting is that Murmanks is the main administrative base for the entire Northern Russian Fleet . 
The northern Russian port city of Murmansk, with a population of 300,000, has been partly left without electricity following an emergency at an energy facility. Eyewitnesses captured a bright flash, after which the lights went out. … 
There have been eyewitnesses' reports of a ' huge blast ' at one of the city's electrical substations, according to SeverPost news agency. 
… 
There is apparently no electricity in government headquarters in the city center , FlashNord reported citing its correspondent in the area. Lights have been off in both central areas and in the outskirts, according to SeverPost. 
An incident happened at one of the facilities of the Kolenergo regional energy company, its press service told RT, without specifying what exactly happened. 
The causes of the ' incident ' are now being investigated by a special commission, the company said, adding that specialists are now working on damage control and recovery.
ARTICLE

Don't worry, after months to prepare their voting machines for election day and repeated assurances from President Obama and the mainstream media that there is nothing to be concerned about, we are sure that all of the potential issues for rigging an election against Trump have been worked out.
Or… maybe not.
Watch as this voting machine in the battleground State of Pennsylvania will not allow a voter to select Trump/Pence and remains 'stuck' on Clinton/Kaine:
this is what I was talking about, they fixed it but it was on some nut shit at first. pic.twitter.com/GO5Y9FCnYN 
— ædonis | hotep (@lordaedonis) November 8, 2016 

Election officials say the issue has now been resolved. 

ARTICLE


Win or lose, Trump has left his mark, and America has changed.
On the eve of the election, many Republican insiders and loyal commentators are acknowledging what has become apparent – that rise of Trump signals not just a different 2016 cycle, but an entirely new constituency – one defined by populism, by trade, by class. by the impact on jobs and economics.
Charles Krauthammer stated on Fox News that Trump is the new power broker in the GOP and the de facto 'king maker' – regardless of who wins the election. The demographics of the party have changed:

Interestingly, Bill Clinton also gets it. The former president has been on the stump – ostensibly to differentiate his wife from President Obama – pointing out the fact that the middle class has been abandoned, and that these desperate people are turning to populist because they have lost something tangible in the last eight years.
As The Daily Sheeple reported :
A leaked Democratic fundraising speech Bill Clinton gave back in 2015 shows the former president telling donors that thanks to Obama, lower-income whites have lower life expectancies because they 'don't have anything to look forward to when they get up in the morning' now.
Bill is tacitly acknowledging the impact that terrible trade deals have had on the American economy and jobs over the last 30 years…
Not only is Bill trying to sound like a straight-talking mix of Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump, he is acknowledging the same new party identities that voters have assumed.
While Hillary may take the electoral college votes handily enough, the popular votes will reflect a sentiment of anger and unrest in the population.
As the NY Times noted :
[Democrats/Hillary campaign] have effectively swapped much of their working-class white base for the so-called rising demographic of millennials, nonwhite voters and suburbanites clustered near cities such as Denver, Miami, Las Vegas and Washington.
From watching these communities, it will become clear on Tuesday why Mrs. Clinton's party enjoys a structural advantage in the Electoral College. But this election may also hasten the day when more of the heartland becomes out of reach, illustrating what Democrats lost as much as what they gained. 
The common thread is that a combination of trade deals and economic policies has destroyed the wealth of 'everyday Americans' – shrinking the middle class and piling pressure onto the lower and working classes who must increasingly depend upon government assistance for their survival.
Read more: 
Trump Accuses Fed of Not Raising Rates Because Obama 'Doesn't Want a Bubble Burst' Until He Leaves 
EPIC RANT: Fed Up American Explains Why Trump Will Win: 'Somebody With Balls' 
Collapse Strategist: 'We're In The Terminal Phase… Economic Pain Like We've Never Seen Before' 
Trump Tuesday Means A Shift Of Power for Establishment… And They Are Freaked 
Davos Insider Vows Trump Defeat: 'It Doesn't Matter Who the GOP Puts Up, Hillary Will Win' 
ARTICLE


There is every reason to think that there is some fudging going on at polls across the country tonight.
There may be too much to keep up with, but there is every reason to question how this irregularities could affect the outcome.
Fox News reports computer and electronic machine malfunctions in several key battleground states, including North Carolina, Nevada, Pennsylvania, Utah and beyond:
Sporadic complaints of equipment failures and long lines greeted voters across the country Tuesday as they headed to their polling centers to cast their vote – though the largely routine glitches didn't stop some from claiming the system was 'rigged.' 
Republican candidate Donald Trump, who has repeatedly claimed the election process is fixed, filed a lawsuit in Nevada alleging that last week, a Clark County polling station was illegally left open late , potentially boosting Democratic voter turnout. He also tweeted Tuesday evening about voting issues in Utah.
[…]
Election officials in Utah said voting machine problems in the southern part of the state forced poll workers early in the day to use paper ballots . A computer problem in Durham County, North Carolina — a Democratic stronghold in a state that has been a key battleground in the presidential race — triggered long lines when election officials had to rely on a paper check-in process.
CBS News is reporting on a number of issues as well, including broken voting machines – and last minute replacements – in Michigan, also a battleground state that could sway the election:
City Clerk Janice Winfrey says some voting machines in Detroit stopped working Tuesday morning and had to be replaced.
The delay caused long lines and waits of an hour or more to vote.
Winfrey says her office received about 50 calls for broken voting machines, but some were repeat calls for the same machines she describes as a decade old.
In Texas, poll watchers are reportedly being segregated and prevented from their duties of accountability. perhaps the above photo says it all:
According to Laura Pressley , who is closely tied to voting accountability efforts in the state:
Texas–Official poll watchers from the Republican and Libertarian Parties have been obstructed from monitoring the Central Counting Station main tabulation computers and the audit log printers in Travis, Dallas, and Bexar counties. See the Hill County sign that says it all. Watchers are battling with Secretary of State's office on the interpretation of Texas Election Code statute 33.056…poll watchers are 'entitled to observe any election activity.'
According to the Texas Election Code :
Sec. 33.056. OBSERVING ACTIVITY GENERALLY. (a) Except as provided by Section 33.057, a watcher is entitled to observe any activity conducted at the location at which the watcher is serving. A watcher is entitled to sit or stand conveniently near the election officers conducting the observed activity. 
There's a lot of weird stuff going on, and a lot to be gained and lost tonight.
In the end, it will be the electoral college votes, not the popular vote, or the polls that determine who takes office, and unfortunately, the tables are tilted towards Hillary. And the right amount of editing could tip the scales.
Here's the latest projection map from 270towin.com:

Read more: 
No One Can Stop Her… And She Knows It: 'This Election Won't Be Fair' 
Divided America Poised For Riots: '95% Chance of Widespread Post-Election Violence' 
This Is a Usurper, Not a Candidate: California Primary Was Stolen, And Hillary's 'Nomination a Coup' 
Protesters Rage Against the DNC: 'Hillary Didn't Get the Nomination. The Nomination Was Stolen' 
ARTICLE


As late as Monday evening the Huffington Post was 98%+ certain that Hillary Clinton would win the Presidency.
Turns out they may have been off… by a lot.
With Florida leaning towards Trump and 92% of the votes already counted, what was a sure thing suddenly isn't.
Michigan remains in play and the mainstream media reports that the Clinton campaign still thinks they have a good chance at taking the state. Pennsylvania, though only a small percentage of votes have been counted, is already being projected for Hillary.
As we noted earlier today, Trump needs to win two states out of Florida, Pennsylvania and Michigan to take the electoral map.
The Huffington Post is freaking out, headlining their page with 'This Is Getting Scary.'
As Matt Drudge noted earlier at his web site, the election will come down to the late evening voters, many of whom were unable to cast votes until they got out of work.
Live Election Coverage with Alex Jones:

Live Election Coverage with NBC:

ARTICLE


Matt Drudge has called Florida for Donald Trump. Major news channels still holding back on their call but have noted that she's not making any gains as final votes are counted.
The race now comes down to Michigan.

Donald Trump is projected to win Michigan but the race is tight with 2.8 million votes remaining.
Michigan is not yet a win for Trump.


ARTICLE

Panic has set in across the world as anti-establishment candidate Donald Trump looks to be set to take the Presidency of the United States.
Dow Jones futures are down 754 points as of this writing.

Gold prices are up $47 and silver us up $0.75, like as a result of a panic into safe haven assets:



ARTICLE

Is something wrong with Hillary Clinton?
In an unprecedented move and with just 6 electoral votes to go for a Donald Trump Presidency, Hillary Clinton refused to address the country and sent her aid John Podesta to address supporters at Javits Center.
We can wait a little longer, can't we? They're still counting votes and every vote should count. Several states are too close to call so we're not going to have anything more to say tonight.

( Watch At Youtube )
While the New York Times is now projecting a Donald Trump victory with 95% certainty, Clinton will not concede.
A candidate would normally address the crowd if there was a question as to the validity of results. Or, in what is quite possible the most important Presidential election in American history, the candidate could at least stay up until the votes are counted.
This begs the question: Did Hillary have another medical episode?
Perhaps Hillary isn't ready for that 3AM phone call after all.
 

ARTICLE

Election Results Confirmed Via: Bloomberg , Google 
NBC Reports: Hillary Clinton has phoned Donald Trump To Concede 
Ladies and gentlemen, The President-Elect Of The United States of America: 

(Pictured: The cover Newsweek refused to print. Millions of copies of Hillary's cover were printed and sent to book stores.) 
Coming Soon to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. : 

And the cover that never made it (but was printed because of a 'business decision' at Newsweek) 


ARTICLE

This article was originally published by Brandon Smith of Alt-Market.com and first appeared at Personal Liberty 

Taking a hard-line position on the outcome of any world changing event is not an easy thing to do, especially when your position is contrary to about 99% of your peers. The chorus of voices telling you that you are wrong (or crazy) is enough to drive most people to simply parrot the majority view and avoid the incessant browbeating. The alternative media and the liberty movement suffer from this problem almost as much as the so-called mainstream does.
That said, you do what you have to do when you see a subversive play unfolding in the geopolitical game that the elites are playing.
During the first half of 2016, I made the 'wild' prediction that the Brexit referendum vote would in fact be successful. Only a couple of other analysts in the world made the same prediction, but did so months beforehand and never reiterated their prediction again. I based my prediction, which I stood by to the very day of the vote, on the behavior and rhetoric I had observed among the global banking elites prior to the Brexit. The elites had adopted a steady narrative; the claim that 'populists' (conservatives) were about to rise in political power, and that this would lead to the collapse of the financial world.
My theory – elites and globalists were about to open the door for conservatives to take control of a ship that was already sinking. And, once our financial ship sunk, they would blame conservative movements for the collapse that the ELITES had originally created. In other words, conservatives are being set up as scapegoats for a global fiscal crisis that has been decades in the making.
In my post-Brexit analysis article titled 'Brexit Aftermath – Here's What Happens Next' , published in June, I stated:
'In light of the Brexit I'm going to have to call it here and now and predict that the most likely scenario for elections will be a Trump presidency. Trump has consistently warned of a recession during his campaign and with the Brexit dragging markets lower over the next few months, he will probably be proven 'prophetic.' 
….Even if Trump is a legitimate anti-establishment conservative, his entry into the Oval Office will seal the deal on the economic collapse, and will serve the globalists well. The international banks need only pull the plug on any remaining life support to the existing market system and allow it to fully implode, all while blaming Trump and his conservative supporters. 
The mainstream media has been consistently comparing Trump supporters to Brexit supporters, and Trump himself has hitched his political wagon to the Brexit. This fits perfectly with the globalist narrative that populists and conservatives are killing the global economy and placing everyone at risk.' 
In my article '2016 Will End With Economic Instability And A Trump Presidency' I stated:
'I am consistently reminded of the Brexit surprise when I look today at the polling numbers on the U.S. election. The erratic and inconsistent polling shows Trump climbing, then suddenly sinking days later, then climbing again without any clear catalysts. Many polls contradict each other, just as the polls did before the Brexit, and, the same kind of circus atmosphere is present, if not more prevalent. 
It may be possible, if not certain, that this is all a game. The Brexit outcome was predetermined, which is how elites like George Soros scored successful investment bets on the referendum passing, and the reason why the Bank for International Settlements gathered central bankers from around the world as the vote was taking place. 
I believe that the U.S. presidential election has also been predetermined; with a Trump win.' 
In my most recent article 'Why The U.S. Presidential Election Has The Entire World Confused' I stated:
'U.S. elections are indeed controlled, and have been for decades, primarily through the false left/right paradigm. However, as I have been pointing out since I correctly predicted the success of the Brexit referendum, I don't think that Clinton is the choice of the elites.' 
'To be clear, my position is that Trump is slated to take the White House and that this is by design. This has been my position since before Trump won the Republican Primaries, it was my position when the election cycle began, it has never changed, nor have my views on the reasons for this outcome ever changed…' 
I have to say, I received more attacks on my Trump call than I did my Brexit call. The vast consensus was that a Hillary Clinton win was inevitable. It would seem that my position has once again been vindicated (and yes, I am congratulating myself).
The bottom line is, Trump is on the way to the White House because the elites WANT HIM THERE. Now, many liberty proponents, currently in a state of elation, will either ignore or dismiss the primary reason why I was able to predict the Brexit and a Trump win. These will probably be some of the same people that were arguing with me only weeks ago that the elites would NEVER allow Trump in office.
So, to clarify: 
Trump may or may not be aware that he and his conservative followers have been positioned into a a trap. We will have to wait and see how he behaves in office (and he WILL be in office, despite the claims of some that the elites will try to 'stop him' before January). My primary point is THAT IT DOES NOT MATTER, at least not at this stage. The elites will initiate a final collapse of the global economy under Trump's watch (this will probably escalate over the course of the next six months), and they WILL blame him and conservatives in general. This IS going to happen. The elites play the long game, and so must we.
While millions of Americans are celebrating Trump's win today, I will remain even more vigilant. The party is just getting started, folks. Don't get too comfortable.
Stay tuned for my next article, in which I will predict the likely trends and changes that will take place through December into 2017. In the meantime, please continue to support Alt-Market so that I can keep bringing accurate analysis and predictions to the Liberty Movement.
Regards, 
Brandon Smith, Founder of Alt-Market.com 
If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here . We greatly appreciate your patronage. You can contact Brandon Smith at: brandon@alt-market.com 
ARTICLE


After what appeared to be a refusal to concede late last night (via John Podesta), followed by Trump's victory speech, in which he referred to a concession call by his opponent, Hillary Clinton finally issued her concession speech at around 11:30 AM Eastern time.
The tone was clearly bitter, though it was cloaked in the hopeful language of continued efforts.
After questions about whether or not Donald Trump would have the wherewithal to admit defeat and accept election results, it turned out to be Hillary who had apparent difficulty in giving up.
SEE: Is Something Wrong With Hillary? Will NOT Concede Tonight – Refuses To Speak To Crowd – Health Episode? 
But reality set in, and she went on stage, albeit more than an hour after she was scheduled to do so, to admit her loss.
She played to what might have been her largest and most enthusiastic crowd to date on the 2016 campaign trail.

Partial transcript: 
Thank you so very much for being here. I love you all, too. Last night I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country. 
I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans. This is not the outcome we wanted or we worked so hard for, and I'm sorry we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country. 
But I feel pride and gratitude for this wonderful campaign that we built together. This vast diverse creative unruly energized campaign. You represent the best of America and being your candidate has been one of the greatest honors of my life. 
I know how disappointed you feel because I feel it, too. And so do tens of millions of Americans who invested their hopes and dreams in this effort. This is painful, and it will be for a long time. But I want you to remember this. 
Our campaign was never about one person, or even one election. It was about the country we love and building an America that is hopeful, inclusive, and big-hearted. We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought. But I still believe in America, and I always will. And if you do, then we must accept this result and then look to the future. Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead. Our constitutional democracy enshrines the peaceful transfer of power. 
[…] 
To anyone that sent contributions, even as small as $5, that kept us going, thank you. To all of us, and to the young people in particular, I hope you will hear this — I have, as Tim said, I have spent my entire life fighting for what I believe in. 
I've had successes and setbacks and sometimes painful ones. Many of you are at the beginning of your professional, public, and political careers — you will have successes and setbacks too. 
This loss hurts, but please never stop believing that fighting for what's right is worth it. 
[…] 
And so we need — we need you to keep up these fights now and for the rest of your lives. And to all the women, and especially the young women, who put their faith in this campaign and in me: I want you to know that nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion. 
Now, I know we have still not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling, but someday someone will — and hopefully sooner than we might think right now. [Cheers and applause] 
And to all of the little girls who are watching this, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world to pursue and achieve your own dreams. [Cheers and applause] 

ARTICLE

Admittedly, the question is speculative, but not without merit.
During the debates and in the heated final days of the campaign, Donald Trump vowed to assign a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary and send her to jail.

It was easily the highlight of the entire campaign:
But when you talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for and the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted, and that you acid washed, and then the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing.
And I'll tell you what. I didn't think I'd say this, but I'm going to say it, and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation, because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it, and we're going to have a special prosecutor. 
When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long-term workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this, where e-mails — and you get a subpoena, you get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena, you delete 33,000 e-mails, and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say, very expensive process.
So we're going to get a special prosecutor, and we're going to look into it, because you know what? People have been — their lives have been destroyed for doing one-fifth of what you've done. And it's a disgrace. And honestly, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. ( source )
But, now that victory has set in, and the election is officially over, can anybody expect that he will actually do it?
Certainly, we must wait until he is inaugurated and has a chance to show what kind of president he will be.
However, Trump's victory speech gives good reason to doubt the prospects for his actually assigning a 'special prosecutor' against Hillary Clinton.
He opened the speech with praise for Clinton and a call for unity – certainly a different chord for now-president-elect Trump:
TRUMP: I've just received a call from Secretary Clinton. (APPLAUSE) She congratulated us — it's about us — on our victory, and I congratulated her and her family on a very, very hard-fought campaign. I mean, she — she fought very hard. Hillary has worked very long and very hard over a long period of time, and we owe her a major debt of gratitude for her service to our country. 
(APPLAUSE) I mean that very sincerely. (APPLAUSE)
Now it's time for America to bind the wounds of division; have to get together. To all Republicans and Democrats and independents across this nation, I say it is time for us to come together as one united people.

Certainly, there is something to be said for being a gracious winner – and for Trump, proving to his critics that he won't be their worst nightmare.
But what really accounts for the shift in tone?
Late in the evening, John Podesta – top aide to Hillary, thoroughly implicated in wickedness by Wikileaks – announced, in essence, that the campaign would not concede, that they would wait until every last vote was counted.
Clearly, Team Hillary was fully prepared to challenge a recount, to take it to court in every venue possible. Al Gore did so (and with good cause), and she could too.
Hillary and her campaign had every opportunity to deny Trump easy victory, even when there was no real chance left for her.
And yet, shortly after Podesta's announcement, Trump gave his victory speech, noting a call from Hillary Clinton herself in which she conceded – but on what terms?
Though it is admittedly speculative – can anyone else claim to know what was said during that call? – it is entirely possible that the primary demand for her swift admission of defeat was that any and all possibility of prosecution and investigation for her sordid and illegal activities be taken off the table.
Did Hillary make THAT call? Did Trump essentially grant her immunity from his own special court in exchange for the win he otherwise already earned?
Only time will tell.
But it STILL seems that Hillary knows something that we all do not – because she has said all along that it is not going to happen… that there isn't even the slightest chance:
Hillary Clinton: Criminal Indictment 'Not Going to Happen'

HILLARY CLINTON INDICTMENT FURY – Hillary Claims Indictment 'Not Gonna Happen'

So, is she right about that?
What will Trump do in the first 100 days?
Don't be surprised if campaign rhetoric ends up being just all talk. For Trump supporters who were, above all, opposing Hillary Clinton and urging her being prosecuted and held accountable – don't hold your breath.
Read more: 
Trump Calls Out Hillary at Debate: 'You Should Be in Jail… I'll Call A Special Prosecutor' 
5 Wikileaks Revelations That Should've Tanked Hillary's Campaign 
Where Are The Handcuffs? This Video Blows The Doors Open On Hillary's Corruption, Obfuscations and Outright Lies 
Emails Reveal Hillary Literally Read Up On 'How to Delete Something So It Stays Deleted' 

ARTICLE


This article was written by Paul Joseph Watson and originally published at Infowars.com . 
Editor's Comment: Leftist have lived up to the hype, and thrown temper-tantrum violence as everyone expected. How anyone could have supported Hillary, rather than support her prosecution is something that will continue to boggle the mind. In the meantime, angry and disappointed DNC voters are waging violence and tempting the country into a full-blown martial law scenario. 
Probably, these episodes will die down within hours, but there is always the threat that such non-sense and support for a would-be tyrant will continue and flourish. Just look how far George Soros & co. took the riots in Ferguson, Baltimore and dozens of other cities. The population's buttons are being pushed, and the country is being tested. Best to be prepared just in case things get further out of hand. 
Hillary Supporters Burn American Flag, Riot, Threaten to Kill Trump After Losing Election 
by Paul Joseph Watson
Rioting hit the streets of Portland and Oakland as Hillary Clinton supporters reacted badly to Donald Trump's election victory, while death threats against the new president-elect flooded social media. 
Windows were broken and cars were set on fire in Oakland as irate protesters lit flares and blocked freeways.

'A protestor was struck by a vehicle on the eastbound lanes of Highway 24 although it was not immediately clear what the extent of the victim's injuries were,' reports Fox 5 .
Anti-Trump protest reaches Telegraph and Channing #berkvote pic.twitter.com/RuuFPEGHE7 
— Anderson Lanham (@AndersonLanham) November 9, 2016 

Protest grows as participants light flares #berkvote pic.twitter.com/12AnGlAiEB 
— Anderson Lanham (@AndersonLanham) November 9, 2016 

Students also hit the streets of Eugene and Portland, Oregon to protest against a democratic election. Demonstrators could be heard chanting 'bitch' and 'f*ck Trump' as they marched in unison.
University of Oregon be mad #riot #ElectionNight #TRUMP @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/SFi3MJDdb3 
— Delaney Stipe (@stipe_d) November 9, 2016 

theres a crowd going thru campus chanting this #ucsc #electionday pic.twitter.com/Jq0OGEEUxK 
— Emilio (@habituaImind) November 9, 2016 

Some of the students burned a U.S. flag.

The irony of the riots is that many pro-Clinton media outlets previously circulated the talking point that Trump supporters would be likely to stage violent unrest after they lost the election.
Twitter was also inundated with death threats , with leftists either hoping for or personally expressing their willingness to carry out Trump's assassination.


This article was written by Paul Joseph Watson and originally published at Infowars.com . 
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com .
ARTICLE


This article was written by Michael Krieger and originally published at his Liberty Blitzkrieg site . 
Editor's Comment: At the heart of things, Americans are fed up with the economic state of affairs, and with the political/financial corruption that brought us to that point. Though political philosophies differ greatly, there was a huge populist movement behind Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump both. There are millions and millions of people who want nothing more than to clean house in Washington, stop the people who are shafting them, and be left alone to enjoy their lives. 
People feel so strongly about this that they have been overwhelmingly willing to support completely unknown and fresh faces (like Obama was in 2008), politically inexperienced (like Trump) and politically ostracized figures in the margins of the existing government (like Bernie or Ron Paul). Donald Trump has the opportunity to embody this sentiment of the people and be a great president. As Michael notes in this article, Obama had that same opportunity, but proved to be a tool of the elite, and a puppet for Wall Street, et al. 
Will Trump prove to be a tool of the elites as well? It is simply too early to say. In the best case scenario, he could break ties with the controllers for the sake of his own legacy and the American people and actually take an honest shot at downsizing the mess of Washington's mismanaged control over our lives… Its a Herculean task, but if he attracts some/any of the right people, it may be possible. Let's hope so… 
Americans Roll the Dice With President Donald Trump 
by Michael Krieger
The forgotten men and roomen of our country will be forgotten no longer. 
– President elect Donald Trump in his victory speech 
They said it couldn't happen, but those of us who have been intimately studying what's been going on since the financial crisis knew he could win. So here we are, in the midst of a historical populist revolt that brought a man who has never held public office to the Presidency.
I have so many thoughts to share, putting them down in a coherent manner within a single post is going to be a real challenge. As such, I've decided to separate this piece into sections. Let's start with the following.
What Happened? 
This one's pretty easy. In Monday's post, Final Thoughts on the U.S. Presidential Election , I wrote:
The bigger question is, who do I think will win? On that question, I don't have a strong opinion at the moment. Ultimately, it depends on whether Americans go into the voting booth and see status quo vs. blowing up the status quo, or if they see Donald Trump vs. Hillary Clinton. If they see the former, odds are in Trump's favor. If they see the latter, it's a matter of which personality Americans find least repulsive. 
It turns out enough Americans saw the election as a referendum on the status quo to propel him to victory. We know it wasn't because people liked him personally, they just wanted to (understandably) blow up the establishment. So why am I so confident of this?
Let's take a look at some of the following reported by the AP :
There were grim strains woven into voter sentiments as they cast their ballots. 
Nearly 7 in 10 voters said they were unhappy with the way the government is working, including a quarter who were outright angry. 
Six in 10 voters said the country is seriously on the wrong track and about the same number said the economy was either not good or poor. 
Two-thirds saw their personal financial situation as either worse or the same as it was four years ago. One in three voters said they expect life to be worse for the next generation. 
Americans held their noses as they picked between the candidates: More than half of voters cast their ballots with reservations about their candidate or because they disliked the others running. 
That was true both for those backing Trump and those supporting Clinton, the exit polls showed. 
After a long, hard-fought campaign, just 4 out of 10 voters strongly favored their candidate. 
Moreover, how about this from Reuters :
Americans who had cast their votes for the next president early on Tuesday appeared to be worried about the direction of the country, and were looking for a 'strong leader who can take the country back from the rich and powerful,' according to an early reading from the Reuters/Ipsos national Election Day poll. 
Again, none of this is surprising to those of us who are aware of the ever increasing levels of theft, corruption and fraud now endemic to the U.S. economy. Indeed, the man who should have been the Democratic nominee for President laid it out perfectly all the way back in July 2015 when he tweeted:
I think the discontent of the American people is far, far greater than the pundits understand.
— Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) July 8, 2015 

The driving force behind Trump's victory wasn't racism, homophobia or sexism. This is a country that elected a black man President twice in a row. The driving force was desperation, economic angst, hopelessness, and more than anything else, a deep hatred for the U.S. status quo. As Trump accurately described the voters who put him over the top, they are ' the forgotten men and women.' 
A Historic Opportunity 
Donald Trump has a historic opportunity to be a great President. Barack Obama was presented with a similar opportunity eight years ago and he immediately squandered it by surrounding himself with miserable, status quo economic and foreign policy insiders. He ditched the people who believed in him and voted for him, and in doing so cemented his legacy as that of a man who coddled oligarchs, kept banking criminals out of jail and further incinerated the Middle East. He'll also be seen as the man whose tremendous disappointments as commander-in-chief led to the emergence and elevation of Donald Trump.
People wanted major change in 2008 and they didn't get it. They still want it. The only big question now is whether or not Trump will deliver, and whether it will be unifying change as opposed to more surveillance, militarization of police, torture, attacks on civil liberties, etc. Since Trump has a clear authoritarian streak, he runs the risk of going down the wrong path. However, that path will lead to only one thing; an even more broken America and another failed Presidency.
I was never able to personally get behind Trump, in large part due to the above concerns, as well as the fact that he's a big government, centralization type of guy, and that's not the kind of government I support. That said, I want this country to thrive and I want Trump to succeed. Indeed, we need him to succeed.
As such, I'm going to take advantage of the opportunity he presented to his critics during his victory speech in order to outline what I think he needs to do to make America great.
Let's start with the facts and a simple admission: Hillary Clinton won the popular vote. This is a clear signal that at least half the country doesn't like him, and a large number of them, are in fact, terrified of him. Unless you're an aspiring mob boss, you don't want half the population to feel this way about you. So what should Trump do?
I think he needs to focus on creating a consensus amongst the American people around issues at least 80% of us can agree on. In my Final Thoughts piece, I outlined five of them:
Rather than dwelling on the differences between these two populist movements (Sanders and Trump), let's consider some of the areas where they overlap. 
1. Trade — Opposition to NAFTA and current 'trade' deals such as TPP, TTIP, and TISA have been central to both the Sanders and Trump campaigns. 
2. War and militarism — Whether you believe Trump is sincere or not, opposition to Obama/Clinton interventionist overseas wars were key talking points for both Trump and Sanders. 
3. The system is rigged — The painful acknowledgment that the U.S. economic system is a rigged scam that fails to reward hard work, and is more akin to a parasitic, predatory oligarchy with very limited social mobility, has been a key campaign theme for both Trump and Sanders. The economy is increasingly dominated by near-monoploy giants who relentlessly push for more power and more profits irrespective of the cost to society, whether that cost be war, poverty or social unrest. 
4. Money in politics — The rigged economic system described above aggregates wealth into an increasingly small number of hands. Those hands then buy off politicians and rig the political process. A rigged economy and rigged political system perpetually feeds itself and endlessly grows at the expense of the public like a terminal cancer. Both Trump and Sanders emphasized this problem. 
5. Rule of law is dead — Sanders focused on Wall Street bankers, while Trump focused on Hillary and her inner circle of cronies, but the overall point is the same. Rich and powerful oligarchs are above the law. We all know this, but Washington D.C. refuses to do anything about it. 
The Democratic Party as we know it is now dead. This means tens of millions of Sanders supporters are out there, pissed off at Hillary, and the Democratic establishment in general. These engaged citizens can be brought into the fold if Trump focuses on unifying issues such as the ones listed above, and leaves his authoritarian anti-civil liberties tendencies behind. I really hope he does this, but I have my doubts.
If he doesn't focus on unifying issues, he'll be as divisive as Obama and the country will flail endlessly from one failed President to another like the sad, nuclear armed Banana Republic it has become.
People = Policy 
Trump will be a failure unless he brings the right people into his inner circle. This is of the utmost importance. Indeed, I knew for certain Obama was a total fraud the moment he appointed Larry Summers and Timothy Geithner to key positions within his administration. This is the area I think Trump is most vulnerable to making some very big mistakes. Indeed, I was very bothered by the effusive compliments he showered upon one of the nation's worst political figures, Chris Christie, during this victory speech. Nevertheless, since this post is about being as productive possible, I will name someone I'd like to see close to President Trump: Scott Adams.
Like many of you, I've been following Scott closely this entire election. I've listened to many of his periscopes and heard enough to appreciate his intellect, deep understanding of human nature, judgement, and desire to get the nation on the right track. Of all the high profile Trump supporters, he is the one I'd want to be closest to the ear of Trump. I don't know if Scott would accept a position if it were offered to him, but I hope he would.
Furthermore, there are others who would be beneficial for a President Trump to have around who are already throwing their hats in the ring. For example, take Eric Scott Hundsader of HFT-fighting fame:
Dear @realDonaldTrump 
I'd like to throw my hat in the ring for a position at the SEC/CFTC.
— Eric Scott Hunsader (@nanexllc) November 9, 2016 

If Trump really wants to shake things up, he needs to think outside of the box and look far beyond the Chris Christies of the world, and consider some very sharp people he's never heard of. If he surrounds himself with the old, tired political characters we already know, I fear very little will change for the better.
A Warning 
Since Trump has repeatedly commented on the precarious and vulnerable state of financial markets, I assume he has a somewhat decent grasp of what he's about to face. That said, no one can truly prepare for what's coming. If I'm correct, and a nearly forty year sovereign bond bubble is in the early stages of bursting, this represents a potential financial extinction level event. I don't care who you are, being President during a time like this will be replete with challenges and extreme danger. He better not take this financial super cycle lightly, and he should also prepare for a cyclical economic downturn. It won't be Trump's fault when it arrives, but it'll be his to deal with.
Irrespective of my serious concerns, I desperately want Trump to succeed. America needs him to succeed. I'm confident that Trump will never read a single word of this, but it's also possible someone with access to him will. If so, please consider my observations. The Republic depends on him unifying the people and helping to foster an environment in which every American has a opportunity for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. 
In Liberty,
Michael Krieger
This article was written by Michael Krieger and originally published at his Liberty Blitzkrieg site . 

ARTICLE


Scores of celebrities openly claimed that they would leave America and head for greener pastures elsewhere should Trump be elected. Last night, they weren't alone. As results were tallied across the United States and a Donald Trump Presidency became imminent, Canadian officials report that their immigration website received so much traffic it took down the system.
There is only one thing that could possibly be worse than a Donald Trump Presidency: realizing that your safe-space exit plan was the same plan tens of thousands of other people had and now you can't get to the web site to start the process.
It must have been terrifying to see this:
(Screenshot courtesy Hackread) 
HackRead reports :
Canada's main immigration website appeared to suffer repeated outages on Tuesday night as Trump took the lead in several major states and his prospects for winning the U.S. presidency turned markedly higher.
Some users in the United States, Canada and Asia saw an internal server error message when trying to access the www.cic.gc.ca/ website.
For those that need to get out of Dodge – especially if you happen to be a part of the many email chains released by Wikileaks – we are happy to report that the Canadian immigration web site is now back up and running.
You are free to begin self-deportation proceedings immediately.
Click the image below to learn all aboot your options and get started today!

Also Read: Riots, Flag Burning And Open 'Threats to Kill Trump' Follow Hillary's Election Loss 

ARTICLE

(Live Streams Available Below) 
Anti-Trump protesters are massing all over the country at this moment. Thousands of angry people in Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, Portland, New York and Los Angeles. The New York Times reports that crowds have been peaceful thus far:
Protesters claim they are there to reject Donald's Trump racist policies and some say they fear mass deportations under a Trump Presidency.
The anxiety began to build on social media this morning as scores of people called for protests, revolution and open threats to kill President Elect Donald Trump .
In the build up to November 8th we warned that the situation post-election, regardless of who wins, could quickly escalate into open warfare and Mike Adams of Natural News warned of a 95% chance of widespread post-election violence .
With large-scale protests now brewing in major cities across the country, we believe it is only a matter of time before some or all of these forecasts could come to fruition. Should things turn violent, though not confirmed by official sources, the Obama administration is prepared to respond. An insider leak last month indicated that the Federal government, including the military and the Department of Homeland Security, would be holding drills before and after the election in which they anticipate 'no rule of law.' Such drills, should it be necessary, could very quickly go real-world.
In such a scenario a lock-down of major cities following widespread rioting would be the likely course of action.
There is a strong possibility that protests will be ongoing and that they may escalate. We encourage readers to take preventative measures by preparing for breakdown with a an easy to implement preparedness plan and necessary emergency stockpiles that may include food, water, self defense and protective breathing masks (for those who find themselves too close to the action for comfort) . 
Live Streams (Some of these streams may become unavailable as the night progresses): 


Related: 
The Prepper's Blueprint: A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster 
Tactical Gas Masks and Filters 
Riots, Flag Burning And Open 'Threats to Kill Trump' Follow Hillary's Election Loss 
'This Quickly Escalates Into Open Warfare' – Why The Government Is Preparing For Post-Election Chaos 
Unrest and Martial Law? Leaked Military Drill Anticipates 'No Rule of Law' After Election Results 
Prepping for a Full On Breakdown? Stockpile These Foods 
ARTICLE


This article was written by Paul Joseph Watson and originally published at Infowars.com . 
Editor's Comment: Violence and retribution for the election of Trump has proven to be the result of a media-driven attack on his character. For months now, the pundits and columnists have done nothing but tell the population that Trump supporters are racists, etc. and now racially-motivated beatings are taking place in the street without any other pretext or provocation. 
Are they proud of themselves yet? And how far will this violence spread? 
Shock Video: Black Mob Viciously Beats White Trump Voter 
by Paul Joseph Watson
Shocking video out of Chicago shows a mob of young black men viciously beating an older white man because he voted for Donald Trump, dragging him through the streets as he hangs out of the back of his car.

The clip shows the thugs repeatedly screaming, 'you voted Donald Trump' as they assault the victim from every angle while others steal his belongings.
'You voted Trump,' the mob screams, 'You gonna pay for that sh*t.'
Another woman shouts 'beat his ass,' while another man is heard laughing before remarking, 'Don't vote Trump.'
A second video of the incident which is dubbed with the 'F**k Donald Trump' song, a phrase now being chanted by 'protesters' across the country, shows one of the attackers driving away in the man's vehicle while his hand is still stuck in the window as the car drags him down the street.

'The scene is frankly reminiscent of a lynching,' remarks Chris Menahan .
It is not even clear if the victim was a Trump supporter. Presumably, the mob used that as an excuse to beat and rob him.
YouTube quickly deleted the video, but it has been mirrored on numerous different websites.
If the roles had been reversed, and Trump supporters had been caught on tape viciously beating a black Hillary voter, this would be a national news story right now.
As it is, you won't see this on CNN any time soon.
——
This article was written by Paul Joseph Watson and originally published at Infowars.com . 
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com .
ARTICLE

As Donald Trump's election to the highest office of the land became inevitable on Tuesday night The Daily Sheeple reported that the Clinton campaign mysteriously went dark:
'THEY KNOW' – NBC Reports Clinton Campaign Has Gone Completely Dark – No Longer Talking To Media #trump #hillary #itsover #election 
— The Daily Sheeple (@TheDailySheeple) November 9, 2016 

Even Hillary herself must have know it was over, because she published a not-so-victorious Tweet to her supporters several hours before the official counts started being confirmed:
This team has so much to be proud of. Whatever happens tonight, thank you for everything. pic.twitter.com/x13iWOzILL 
— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) November 9, 2016 

As confirmation of Trump's victory swept the world, many undoubtedly wondered what was going on in Hillary's mind. Then, as reports of a Clinton concession came to the forefront, it turned out that Hillary, in an unprecedented move for a losing Presidential candidate, refused to take the stage in front of thousands of distraught party goers who were expecting a coronation and fireworks show.
Instead of Hillary, controversial campaign manager John Podesta took the stage to announce that the election wasn't over and that votes were still being counted, implying that Hillary would not concede.
At that moment, we knew something was wrong:
Is something wrong with Hillary? Has she had another health episode? https://t.co/yP3fYWpinL #trump #hillary #vote #2016 #hillaryhealth 
— The Daily Sheeple (@TheDailySheeple) November 9, 2016 

Had Hillary suffered another health episode? Was she so emotionally destroyed by the loss that she couldn't handle it mentally?
It turns out, according to Ed Klein who spoke with a close friend and confidante of Hillary, that she did, in fact, have a serious breakdown and was in no condition to speak to America on live television.
The shock of losing after having been a '98%' lock for the Presidency was simply too much to bare. And as you might expect from a Clinton, it was everybody else's fault:
Here's what I know, not my opinion. About 6:30 this morning she called an old friend. She was crying inconsolably. She couldn't stop crying. And her friend, her female friend from way, way back said it was even hard to understand what she was saying she was crying so hard. This is Hillary we're talking about.
Eventually her friend said she could make out that she was blaming James Comey, the Director of the FBI, for her loss, and, I don't understand exactly, the president of the United States for not doing enough.
Via Gateway Pundit 

If all goes well, Hillary will be crying again when they put the handcuffs on her after President Trump's special prosecutor recommends charges, that is, so long as Trump didn't make a secret deal to let Hillary off the hook .

ARTICLE


'Revolution is probably the only solution.'
That seems to be the conclusion of Paul Craig Roberts, a respected member of Reagan's Administration and former Assistant Secretary of the Treasury.
The crisis has simply been building.
Like others, Dr. Roberts highlights the promises of Donald Trump and the reasons behind his sweeping populist victory.
However, he warns that if Trump 'pulls an Obama' and sells out the people to whom he has promised change, violent revolution will likely be the result – because the rage against the machine is 'permanent.'
He told the Richie Allen Show :
Paul Craig Roberts: 'The good thing about the election is it showed the American people could defeat the establishment; it could defeat the oligarchs; it could defeat their candidate. So that is a good thing; it shows that the people finally woke up. They understood that a lot was at risk. They were not being served by the government – and the fact that they realized this. They are not as insouciant as they have been. They are more aware. They were determined; they were not influenced by the propaganda against Trump. And so that's what's good, and this will stay. I think this will be permanent.
Now if Trump pulls and Obama and sells them out, the question is will they get demoralized and give up, or do they get more angry and the next time we see a bloody revolution. You know, sometimes, when you had so much corruption – in the United States, every institution is totally corrupt, everyone. The oligarchy have corrupted everything. When you get so much corruption, sometimes you can't have a change without bloodshed. People have to die. 
Richie Allen: 'And you're a pacifist.'
Roberts: 'Our founding fathers were aware of this. Thomas Jefferson was explicit about it. So what we may see if Trump is blocked or he gives up or nothing can happen, people they could just give up or they could just get angry.' 
Why? Because people are fed up with the establishment, hungry for change and too desperate to ignore the crisis they are in.
The economic situation alone has driven the masses to the edge. Without a decent standard of living and a secure place in or near the middle class, things are going to be unstable and ripe for a volatile chemical reaction .
Although Paul Craig Roberts statements seem alarming, they are in line with everything that has been happening economically, and secondarily politically, for the past several cycles and through the entire Obama presidency.
Watch the full interview via The Richie Allen Show :
Paul Craig Roberts 'The People Spoke But We'll Have Violent Revolution
If Trump Lets Them Down!' 

History proves that things are teetering towards revolution, and if a President Trump doesn't offer satisfaction, then people may very likely turn towards their only remaining alternative. Allen : 'So we could see more than civil disobedience, we could see violence.'
Roberts : 'I think it only could be violence, because if you try to do civil disobedience, you're individually acting and you have no protection, but violence requires large numbers and there's protection in numbers. If I tell them, 'I'm not having anything to do with you, I'm not paying my taxes,' they'll just come pick me up. But there's tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions saying, 'Screw you, we're going to kill you', you can't pick them up.' 
'And so, I think that if – you see, look, Richie, everyone needs to understand this. The living standards of the average American have collapsed. All this b.s. about America being rich, and they're always so wonderful and the streets are paved with gold, but it's all B.S. For 20, 30 years the living standards have been collapsing – since the Clinton regime. Collapsing. We have half of the 25 year old Americans living at home with their parents because they cannot get employment that lets them have an independent existence. They cannot pay their rent. We have huge numbers of university graduates suffocated by student loans. They can't get jobs that let them pay the loans off. We have more people aged 24 through 34 years of age living at home with their parents than living independently.'
'There are no good jobs created. The jobs reports, to the extent that they aren't just fabricated, they are part-time, low-pay jobs without any benefits. No pension. No health benefits. They country, the people are being destroyed. The retired people have had no interest income on their savings for eight years – they're having to draw down the money they expected to produce an income to see them through their retirement. People are suffering. They can't buy houses – if you can't form a household, you can't buy a house. You can't buy home furnishings, appliances.'
'The whole economy is hurt. So it's a really serious economic situation. The domestic market is almost non-existent; it can't grow because there's no income growth for anybody except the 1% – and there's a limit to how much the 1% can consume. So the economic situation is very bad. There's debt everywhere. Individuals don't have any discretionary income – except for a very few. And so that type of situation, if it worsens, at some point people say 'I can't survive… I've nothing to lose'. […] This is a situation here. We're talking about the United States is degenerating into a third world country.'
This is not just a question of Trump's performance, qualifications or ego in office.
This is a systematic problem that spans decades of the American history. The Clintons and Bushes are symptoms of that problem, and the system underestimated the intense angry and dissatisfaction against those entrenched oligarchs and elites.
However, as Paul Craig Roberts makes clear earlier in his interview here , Trump faces a significant threat of being undermined by his 'advisors,' staff, cabinet appointments and so forth, particularly if they are loyal to the establishment, as nearly every 'experienced' individual in these positions seems to be.
Neocons and the like could swiftly pervert yet another 'change' administration into an establishment cover operation for the continuity of their control system. Indeed, even with the best of intentions, Trump faces an uphill battle at overturning the status quo. Indeed, the system may well be plotting to unleash a new wave of economic decline that they can blame him for, and break the dam of unrest that has been swelling.
The larger storm is still brewing. Roberts argued in his column, ' The working class won the election ' that:
The US presidential election is historic, because the American people were able to defeat the oligarchs. Hillary Clinton, an agent for the Oligarchy, was defeated despite the vicious media campaign against Donald Trump. This shows that the media and the political establishments of the political parties no longer have credibility with the American people. 
It remains to be seen whether Trump can select and appoint a government that will serve him and his goals to restore American jobs and to establish friendly and respectful relations with Russia, China, Syria, and Iran.
It also remains to be seen how the Oligarchy will respond to Trump's victory. Wall Street and the Federal Reserve can cause an economic crisis in order to put Trump on the defensive, and they can use the crisis to force Trump to appoint one of their own as Secretary of the Treasury.
[…] We won't know what to expect until we see who are the Secretaries and Assistant Secretaries. If it is the usual crowd, we will know Trump has been captured.
[…] If Trump is advised to be conciliatory, to hold out his hand, and to take the establishment into his government, the American people will again be disappointed. In a country whose institutions have been so completely corrupted by the Oligarchy, it is difficult to achieve real change without bloodshed. 
The post-election riots against Trump, the Black Lives Matter protests that have pitted police against inner-city people of color and the quieter exercises for martial law and the containment of a domestic uprising all prove that the elite understand what is coming, and while they may have no way to stop it altogether, they may succeed in steering it into meaningless fights and divisions which they can use as a buffer.
Economic devastation and the collapse of the system means that literally tens of millions of people will have nothing left to lose , and nothing better to turn to than mob revolt.
Beware of what's coming, prepare for long periods of instability and roaming violence, and pray that the system corrects for the benefit of the people of this country once again.
Read more: 

'The Second American Revolution Is Happening' – U.S. Intelligence Agencies Have Started A Counter Coup Against Clinton 
'It Is Really Hard To Argue With Trump About This': Face It, America Is In Decline 
'Revolt of the Elites': Society Is Divided, Self-Absorbed and Powerless to Stop Them 
Triggers For Revolt: Rising Resource Costs Escalate Odds of Global Unrest 
Who Are The 'Deplorables' And Why Do They Refuse To Be Trampled Upon? 

ARTICLE


This article was written by Melissa Dykes and originally published at The Daily Sheeple . 
Editor's Comment: Though Trump's election was a great victory/rebuke over the dictates and controls of the financial oligarchy that own and run this nation, the American people are not out of the woods yet. Quietly but constantly in the background of the entire Obama Administration, the Federal Reserve's stimulus program that combined unlimited QE with zero percent interest rates has absolutely wrecked this country and its economic stability. 
The system as we know it cannot be sustained. Yellen and co. have been simply waiting for the right time to let the other shoe drop – namely, after it could influence the election even further in the direction of Trump's populist uprising. Unfortunately, he will now be largely blamed for the great destruction that is scheduled to fall upon this nation. In fact, that is the very reason that Brandon Smith of Alt-Market.com attributed to Trump's victory when he predicted his election many months ago. 
Something big is coming… prepare yourselves accordingly. 
How Alt-Market Predicted Trump's Win Months in Advance: 'He won because the elites WANT HIM THERE, the global economy WILL collapse' 
by Melissa Dykes
While many of us in the alternative media and especially those researchers of Clinton crimes are breathing a big fat sigh of relief that anybody but Hillary is headed to the White House in 2017, Brandon Smith of Alt Market is warning us all not to get too comfortable… and with history on his side here, we should listen to him.
Despite what looked like a rigged, fraudulent Hillary win orchestrated from the top down with the entire establishment machine behind her, Trump won the election. In an election year that would have otherwise seen record low voter turnout, the specter of Hillary that led to Trump's victory has now given the people a reason to believe their vote actually matters again, an extra boon to further relegitimize the corrupt system running things in this country.
But Smith reminds us that if Trump is walking into the Oval Office in January, it is only because the elites decided to put him there in advance — and for a reason.
First it should be noted that Smith accurately predicted that Brexit would pass , even when the majority of the alt media was reporting that there was no way it possibly could. Was it another victory for the people?
No, it was predetermined well in advance:
'The mainstream media has been consistently comparing Trump supporters to Brexit supporters, and Trump himself has hitched his political wagon to the Brexit. This fits perfectly with the globalist narrative that populists and conservatives are killing the global economy and placing everyone at risk. '
Then he accurately predicted a Trump win … but not because voting actually matters:
'U.S. elections are indeed controlled, and have been for decades, primarily through the false left/right paradigm. However, as I have been pointing out since I correctly predicted the success of the Brexit referendum, I don't think that Clinton is the choice of the elites.'
'To be clear, my position is that Trump is slated to take the White House and that this is by design. This has been my position since before Trump won the Republican Primaries, it was my position when the election cycle began, it has never changed, nor have my views on the reasons for this outcome ever changed…'
Smith says regardless of whether or not Trump is a legitimate anti-establishment candidate, his win means the global economic collapse the system has been holding off on will finally come to pass — as planned — under Trump's watch:
'…Even if Trump is a legitimate anti-establishment conservative, his entry into the Oval Office will seal the deal on the economic collapse, and will serve the globalists well. The international banks need only pull the plug on any remaining life support to the existing market system and allow it to fully implode, all while blaming Trump and his conservative supporters…'
He will be the perfect scapegoat for something the alternative media have known is coming for a long, long time.
Now Smith is spelling it out :
The bottom line is, Trump is on the way to the White House because the elites WANT HIM THERE. Now, many liberty proponents, currently in a state of elation, will either ignore or dismiss the primary reason why I was able to predict the Brexit and a Trump win. These will probably be some of the same people that were arguing with me only weeks ago that the elites would NEVER allow Trump in office.
So, to clarify: 
Trump may or may not be aware that he and his conservative followers have been positioned into a a trap. We will have to wait and see how he behaves in office (and he WILL be in office, despite the claims of some that the elites will try to 'stop him' before January). My primary point is THAT IT DOES NOT MATTER, at least not at this stage. The elites will initiate a final collapse of the global economy under Trump's watch (this will probably escalate over the course of the next six months), and they WILL blame him and conservatives in general. This IS going to happen. The elites play the long game, and so must we.
And there you have it.
It's not much of a secret that the economy is being artificially propped up. The Fed's QE stimulus programs are no longer working. We know it can't remain this way forever.
And even though everyone just feels so much relief that we've all been spared the nightmare of Hillary Clinton climbing into yet another seat of even more power, we can't just assume we're all going to skip off into happy magical fairy sprinkle land unscathed.
Sure, the people have spoken, but it's only the illusion of power that we're seeing play out now. The Powers That Shouldn't Be running this insanity circus always have a plan… how else have they gotten away with controlling the globe for at least the past century?
After saying 'I told ya so,' Smith issued a final warning that we shouldn't be so naive:
While millions of Americans are celebrating Trump's win today, I will remain even more vigilant. The party is just getting started, folks. Don't get too comfortable.
Sadly, we can't ignore decades of New World Order history here just because we're relieved a psychopath like Hillary lost the election. Smith is right. We'd all do well to listen to him and get prepared for what's coming.
2017 is going to be a bumpy ride .
This article was written by Melissa Dykes and originally published at The Daily Sheeple . 
ARTICLE

Well, that didn't take long.
Just two days after Donald Trump was elected President of the United States, his purported fear-mongering rhetoric is already starting to pay dividends.
Trump ran on a platform of better trade deals and bringing jobs back to America and world leaders, despite their many outcries, were paying attention.
As Joe Joseph reports, both Mexico and Canada have agreed to re-negotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) signed under President Clinton.
You have the Canadian Prime Minister and his Mexican counterpart that are now saying, 'hey buddies… hey United States… we want to renegotiate NAFTA.'
…Maybe, just maybe, we might actually have a little bit of justice… he hasn't even taken the oath of office yet . 


ARTICLE


You didn't think she'd go down without a fight did you?
The Clinton campaign is clawing it's way to what they hope may land Hillary in the White House. Though Clinton officially conceded the race to Trump on Wednesday morning, a concession is not legally binding. During the 2000 election Al Gore conceded to George Bush on the night of the election, only to begin court proceedings a few short hours later to contest the results and initiate recounts.
According to Jim Stone , the race between Trump and Clinton may not be over just yet:
They may be trying to steal Arizona and Michigan, and then use special powers to flip 9 electoral votes away from Trump. THERE IS A REASON WHY THEY HAVE REFUSED TO MAKE THEIR TOTALS OFFICIAL. THIS IS NOT OVER YET 
…
Trump won Arizona. Why has it not been made official? Trump won Michigan. Why has it not been made official? They are calling the counts 'unofficial,' WHY?
Election officials in Michigan, Wisconsin, Arizona and New Hampshire are still counting votes. The vote differentials while the counts conclude are so close that Clinton could potentially inch out a win with early voting ballots and provisional ballots. The small difference in votes in most of these states could trigger recounts. And given what we know about the Clinton campaign, we suspect that any recount would bring with it the real possibility of 'uncounted votes' being discovered in back closets, much like we saw in Florida during the 2000 election debacle. 
Newsweek confirms that Clinton still has a chance:
AP analyst Michael McDonald says he is skeptical that Trump won Wisconsin, as the AP projected. If that state flips for Clinton and she wins the other toss-up states, she and Trump could be in a tie at 269 votes each .
'Maybe Clinton actually wins Wisconsin,' McDonald says. 'Look, just because the media calls something does not mean that that's actually the outcome of the election.'
In that event that neither candidate hits the 270 electoral vote threshold, the vote for President would be passed on to the Repoublican controlled House of Representatives and the vote for Vice President would be put before the Senate, also controlled by Republicans.
One might say this is a no-brainer, except we have two words: #NEVERTRUMP.
The NeverTrump movement, started by conservatives and championed publicly and privately by sitting U.S. Congressional leaders, could potentially steal the win right out from under Donald Trump.
Though unlikely, it remains a distinct possibility. 
And never to go without a Plan B, as John Podesta hinted on election night , Clinton has a second option, which involves targeting the electoral college directly.
Change.org has already filed a petition that includes 361,000 signatures as of this writing asking members of red States' Electoral College to turn on the will of the people of their state and cast a vote for Hillary instead of Trump. The situation would not be unprecedented, as there have been 157 'faithless electors' since the inception of the College in 1787. None of those faithless votes ever resulted in a significant shift in the election. Electors are bound by most states to cast the vote for their pledged party and failure to do so comes with fines and, in some cases, jail time.
What it boils down to is that Hillary could conceivably flip 10 Electors to her side, however unlikely of a scenario that is:
Petition Excerpt: 
On December 19, the Electors of the Electoral College will cast their ballots. If they all vote the way their states voted, Donald Trump will win. However, they can vote for Hillary Clinton if they choose. Even in states where that is not allowed, their vote would still be counted, they would simply pay a small fine – which we can be sure Clinton supporters will be glad to pay! 
We are calling on the Electors to ignore their states' votes and cast their ballots for Secretary Clinton. Why?
Mr. Trump is unfit to serve. His scapegoating of so many Americans, and his impulsivity, bullying, lying, admitted history of sexual assault, and utter lack of experience make him a danger to the Republic.
Secretary Clinton WON THE POPULAR VOTE and should be President.
Hillary won the popular vote. The only reason Trump 'won' is because of the Electoral College.
But the Electoral College can actually give the White House to either candidate. So why not use this most undemocratic of our institutions to ensure a democratic result?
We can fully expect Hillary Clinton to push, even if she does so from behind the scenes.
We expect that within hours or days the push from the liberal media will be widespread and the thousands of protesters taking over major cities across America will be calling for recounts, faithless electoral votes and revolution.
It's definitely not over until the electoral votes are cast on December 19.
Also See: We Finally Know Why Hillary Disappeared On Election Night: 'She Was Crying Inconsolably… It Was Hard To Understand What She Was Saying' 

ARTICLE

It seems that President-elect Donald Trump is back to business as usual, doing what he does best.
No wonder things are off to such a tumultuous start. I'm sure there'll be much more where this came from.
H/t Thanks to our commenter FTW for the great meme:
President-Elect Trump Publicly Grabs Pussy at the White House 

On a more serious note, it certainly seems that they've become fast friends.
Despite a lot of campaign rhetoric on both sides of this coin, it seems that President Obama and President-elect Trump are willing and ready to work together in the great transition. It's par for the course, as Obama, in turn got pretty cozy with the Bushes on his way in the door as well.
Will 'draining the swamp' be possible if Trump plays nice with the outgoing establishment and his campaign rivals?
That remains to be seen, but Paul Craig Roberts issued a stark warning to pay careful attention to the advisors and appointments that Trump chooses in the next few months, because these little known individuals will determine who really runs his administration, and much of what kind of presidency it will be.
Let's hope Trump exercises great wisdom, because there will be a lot of pressure on him to accept plenty of deeply-entrenched political operatives working inside the deep state (and irrespective of political parties).
Read more: 
'Violent Revolution If Trump Lets Them Down': People Remain Poised for Angry Revolt – Roberts 
Can Trump Deliver What Obama Didn't? 'People Wanted Major Change In 2008… They Still Want It' 
Bizarre Obama Meltdown As Speech Dissolves Into Stuttering: 'President's Programming Breaking Down' 
Flashback: The White House Just DISQUALIFIED Donald Trump From Being President (Seriously) 
Trump Accuses Fed of Not Raising Rates Because Obama 'Doesn't Want a Bubble Burst' Until He Leaves 
EPIC RANT: Fed Up American Explains Why Trump Will Win: 'Somebody With Balls' 
Urged by Obama, Illegal Immigrants Line Up to Vote Against Trump: 'Donald Trump Never!' 

ARTICLE

Read by 2,559 people 
This article was written by Michael Snyder and originally published his End of the American Dream site. 
Editor's Comment: It is almost as if this unprecedented election was designed to bring about chaos. Half the country seem to vehemently hate one of the two candidates, and the election of either one may have been enough to start opposition riots, clashes in the street or worse – widespread, ongoing violence in all corners of the country. The perception that Hillary won the popular vote and pending official totals, which are even now subject to change, are likely to further fuel anger and division among leftist supporters who've long feared a Trump presidency. 
While many people in the patriot movement are breathing a sigh of relief at the defeat of the establishment's candidate, it seems that millions on the left are now emotionally tied to a huge collectivist government, and are willing to fight for their own enslavement. Is America peaking out of the darkness, or about to enter into its darkest phase yet? 
Did America Really Pass The Test? – Hillary Clinton Is Going To Win The Popular Vote By A Wide Margin 
by Michael Snyder 
The 2016 election was a test, and it would be easy to assume that since Donald Trump won the election that America passed the test. Unfortunately, it may not be that simple. A closer look at the numbers reveals a very sobering reality. Yes, Donald Trump won far more electoral votes than Hillary Clinton did, and that means that he is on track to become our next president . But Hillary Clinton is going to win the popular vote, and it is likely to be by a very wide margin once all the votes are counted. 
As I write this article, Hillary Clinton has a lead of 218,000 in the popular vote, but most of the votes that have not been counted are on the west coast. 
In California, Hillary Clinton is leading Donald Trump by a 5,482,166 to 2,966,654 margin, and only 68 percent of the vote has been counted so far. So assuming that the ratio stays about the same the rest of the way, Clinton is going to add at least a million more votes to her lead just from the state of California. 
Up in Washington state, Hillary Clinton is leading Donald Trump by more than 370,000 votes, and only 60 percent of the vote has been counted there so far. So she could easily pick up another 200,000 votes in that state. 
When everything is all said and done, it seems very likely that Hillary Clinton will have received well over a million more votes than Donald Trump did in this election. 
So the truth is that the American people chose Hillary Clinton, but because of some electoral college magic Donald Trump is the winner of the election. 
And I am certainly very, very happy that Hillary Clinton is not going to be our next president. Four years under her 'leadership' would have likely been the final nail in the coffin for our nation. My hope is that she will now disappear from national politics for good. 
But just because she is not going to be our next president does not mean that we passed the test. 
In this election, the American people were faced with a very stark choice. Hillary Clinton is the most wicked politician that our country has ever seen, and over the past three decades the American people have gotten to know exactly who she is and what she stands for. 
And despite knowing exactly what they would be getting, more Americans voted for her than voted for Donald Trump. 
If every vote counted equally, she would be our next president. 
I certainly don't mean to rain on the Trump parade. Christians, conservatives and patriots are right to celebrate this victory by Donald Trump. But the truth is that I don't believe that we did actually pass the test that we were faced with. 
As a nation, we willingly chose Hillary Clinton by a pretty substantial margin. 
And don't think that the radical left is going to forget that Trump lost the popular vote. Already, violence and protests have erupted all over the nation. 
Shortly after Trump declared victory, riots broke out in Berkeley, San Jose and Oakland … 
'Not my president! Not my president!' chanted anti-Trump rioters in Berkley, California as they light flares and storm the streets. 
Riots erupted in Berkley, San Jose and Oakland shortly after the announcement of Donald Trump as president-elect. Rioters are breaking into stores, vandalizing cars and shooting flares. 
One woman in Oakland was hit by a car on Highway 24 just after midnight and has suffered serious injuries after. When she pulled over to the right shoulder, she was surrounded by anti-Trump rioters, who vandalized her car and broke the back window, according to CHP officers. 
There were reports of protesters burning American flags in some areas of the country, and there were even brawls outside of the White House . 
And once the sun set on Wednesday night, the protests started again. According to USA Today , 'thousands of demonstrators' have hit the streets in New York City… 
In New York, thousands of demonstrators blocked off streets around Trump Tower near the busy intersection of 57th Street and Fifth Avenue, chanting 'hey hey, ho ho, Donald Trump has got to go' and 'p—y grabs back,' a reference to tape of a Trump conversation from years back in which he One woman protester was topless while another climbed on top of a tree to see the activity. Taxis, city buses and passenger vehicles stood at a standstill. 
In Boston, radical leftists were organizing a giant protest against Trump … 
Far-left organizers are planning a mass protest in Boston against President-elect Donald Trump, citing the need to 'immediately start fighting against him.' 
Approximately 2,300 people have indicated they will gather outside the Massachusetts State House in Boston tonight for a 'Boston Against Trump Rally.' According to the Facebook event page, another 5,000 people say they may be interested in attending. 
'Donald Trump is the next President of the United States. We need to immediately start fighting against him. We need to build a movement to fight racism, sexism, and Islamophobia,' the event description says. 
Sadly, this could be the beginning of a new era of protests, rioting and civil unrest. 
Instead of coming together behind the new president, the radical left seems ready to go to war. 
So even though Trump won the election, the truth is that our troubles may only just be starting. More than half the country didn't want Trump, our nation was already more divided than it has been in decades before he won, and it won't take much for many of our big cities to descend into utter chaos. 
Without a doubt, we should be very excited that Donald Trump won the election, but an election victory is not going to magically make our problems go away. 
When faced with the most monumental election in any of our lifetimes, Hillary Clinton received the most votes from the American people, and the consequences for that decision may be far more severe than most people are now anticipating. 
Michael T. Snyder is a graduate of the University of Florida law school and he worked as an attorney in the heart of Washington D.C. for a number of years. 
Today, Michael is best known for his work as the publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog and The American Dream . 
If you want to know what is coming and what you can do to prepare, read his latest book Get Prepared Now!: Why A Great Crisis Is Coming . 
About the author: Michael Snyder is the founder and publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog and End Of The American Dream. Michael's controversial new book about Bible prophecy entitled 'The Rapture Verdict' is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com. Click here to subscribe : Join over one million monthly readers and receive breaking news, strategies, ideas and commentary. Please Spread The Word And Share This Post 
Author: Michael Snyder Views: Read by 2,559 people Date: November 11th, 2016 Website: http://endoftheamericandream.com/archives/did-america-really-pass-the-test-hillary-clinton-is-going-to-win-the-popular-vote-by-a-wide-margin 
Copyright Information: This content has been contributed to SHTFplan by a third-party or has been republished with permission from the author. Please contact the author directly for republishing information.
ARTICLE


This article was written by Michael Krieger of Liberty Blitzkrieg.com . 
Editor's Comment: If Jamie Dimon (of JP Morgan Chase) or anyone else that heads a Wall Street mega-bank, etc. does become Treasury Secretary – and that's a big if for now, as reports on Jamie Dimon remain unconfirmed – then it will be the clearest signal yet that this latest round of 'change' will be more of the same once again. If this proves true, then Trump becomes Obama in 2008 faster than a sportscar goes from 0-to-60. 
Meanwhile, there will be many appointments, and it would be difficult for any president, no matter how well meaning, to hold onto the image and promises they conveyed during campaign time after going through the gauntlet of hiring America's most powerful axe-men. It is our duty to stay focused on these individuals and pressure Trump to dump or block the worst of these appointments. 
Once again, we see the worst and most dangerous elite insiders looking for yet another bailout in the form of jobs, appointment and power over the levers of government policies – climbing back onto the government lifeboat (now in the Trump administration) while working to swamp the rest of the struggling passengers who were on-board the U.S.S. Titanicamerica. A new Captain still can't stop this trainwreck, even if any change is welcome. A real #drainingtheswamp would be a great start, but early signs cast doubt on that happening. 
This was the exact rationale for 'The Obama Deception' expose at the start of Obama – it's a deception because it's a brand new face frontin' for the same ol' gang – and people are slow to catch on, and even less willing to admit they got conned. Is Trump the new Obama for the alt right/populist uprising to keep them complacent and blow off enough steam to avert a destabilizing revolution? 
The Obama Deception HQ Full length version

Draining the Swamp? Wall Street is Already Loving Donald Trump 
by Michael Krieger
Before we move forward, let's start with the following extraordinarily disturbing report out of CNBC :
In the wake of Donald Trump's upset victory, advisors to the president-elect have floated the possibility of naming JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon Treasury secretary, according to two people familiar with the matter, but one of them added that Dimon said he would not be interested in the role. 
A Trump spokesperson could not immediately be reached for comment, and a spokesman for Dimon declined to elaborate beyond his past remarks that he would not be interested in the job. 
First off, I want to say that the above isn't confirmed. If it's totally false, the Trump campaign should come out with a quick and vehement denial. I sincerely hope that happens.
That said, the report is cause for serious concern. Why? Because Trump's reluctance to go after Wall Street was apparent throughout his entire campaign (as opposed to Bernie Sanders), and it was one of the main reasons I could never get comfortable with him. I wrote several posts where I articulated my concerns, but here's an excerpt from one of them, Donald Trump's True Colors Emerge as He Snuggles up to Wall Street :
While I'm not a Dodd-Frank fan, it's not because it was too harsh, but because it didn't really do much of anything. It was the typical neoliberal bait and switch, designed to look tough for public consumption, while merely making tweaks around the edges of a financial system that requires systemic, paradigm level change. 
Trump's support of repealing Dodd-Frank tells you all you need to know. A Trump Presidency will see Wall Street felons who should be in prison, running as wild and free as ever. 
He will be the same thing to distressed working class whites that Obama was to the black community. A fake messiah and a shyster. 
Read that last line over and over again until you understand it. If it is true that Trump considered the CEO of the largest 'Too Big To Fail' and 'Too Big to Jail' U.S. bank for Treasury Secretary, we can be pretty much assured that Donald Trump is the Republican version of Barack Obama. A fraud who talked a good game in order to get elected, but who will be a willing pawn of crony corporations and Wall Street. You can't drain the swamp by surrounding yourself with the swamp. 
If I don't hear a denial about this rumor, I will assume it's true, which means Trump and I are off to a very bad start. Whether Dimon takes the role or not (I doubt it), is irrelevant. Merely considering Dimon tells you all you need to know about the types of status quo people who are likely to surround President Trump.
As I warned in yesterday's post, Americans Roll the Dice With President Donald Trump , 
People = Policy 
Trump will be a failure unless he brings the right people into his inner circle. This is of the utmost importance. Indeed, I knew for certain Obama was a total fraud the moment he appointed Larry Summers and Timothy Geithner to key positions within his administration. This is the area I think Trump is most vulnerable to making some very big mistakes. Indeed, I was very bothered by the effusive compliments he showered upon one of the nation's worst political figures, Chris Christie, during this victory speech. 
If Trump really wants to shake things up, he needs to think outside of the box and look far beyond the Chris Christies of the world, and consider some very sharp people he's never heard of. If he surrounds himself with the old, tired political characters we already know, I fear very little will change for the better. 
You can't get more inside the box, status quo than Jamie Dimon. Period. Which brings me to a conspiracy theory about the whole thing. I think there's a remote possibility that the Trump campaign leaked this themselves with the hope that he can then appoint his preferred candidate, former Goldman Sachs partner, Steve Mnuchin, with little outrage. That's typical Donald Trump behavior. People will then say, 'well at least it's not Jamie Dimon.' Unfortunately, Steve Mnuchin would be a terrible choice too. As we learned in the post, A Nation of Sheep, Afraid of Words :
Mnuchin's presence in the campaign reveals how the qualities Trump loyalists projected on their hero don't measure up to the truth. They have venerated him throughout the Republican primary for rejecting the dirty business of pay-to-play politics, and for populist vows to protect the ordinary worker. But in selecting Mnuchin, not only has Trump submitted to the realities of presidential campaign finance; he's chosen one of the most notorious bankers in America to carry it out. 
When I heard Mnuchin's name last week, I immediately remembered the front lawn of his mansion. Back in 2011, local housing activists and the Occupy movement in Los Angeles camped out on that lawn to save the home of Rose Mary Gudiel, a La Puente, California, resident who faced eviction after being just two weeks late on one mortgage payment. The activists threatened to move all of Gudiel's furniture into Mnuchin's $26 million Bel Air estate if the eviction wasn't stopped. Twenty police officers and a helicopter met the protesters. 
The OneWest subsidiary Financial Freedom executed 39 percent of all foreclosures on reverse mortgages between 2009 and 2015, despite servicing only 17 percent of the market, according to data from the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) obtained by the California Reinvestment Coalition. OneWest disclosed in its most recent annual report that it's under investigation for this disproportionate share of 'widow foreclosures' by HUD's Inspector General. The victims include 103 year-old Myrtle Lewis of North Texas, who OneWest put into foreclosure after her insurance coverage lapsed; Karen Hunziker , who got a foreclosure notice from OneWest ten days after her husband passed away in 2014; and a host of others . 
Trump's loyal fans aren't likely to scrutinize Mnuchin's record, but they should. You can measure political candidates in part by who they associate with. The foreclosure history in Mnuchin's past reflects an extreme mentality of profit at all costs, and hardly a viewpoint of standing up for the little guy. Trump as populist was always something of a pose, covering for a deep nationalism and antipathy to immigrants. The Mnuchin pick just brings that into sharper relief. 
Meanwhile, what was Mnuchin doing right before the election? Why he was the personal guest of Blackstone head Steve Schwarzman at the New York Public Library's Lions gala. 
Bloomberg reported:
Steve Schwarzman, who's declined to say which presidential candidate he's voting for, spent Monday night two seats away from Trump finance chair Steven Mnuchin, a possibility for treasury secretary if Trump wins. 
The setting was the New York Public Library's Library Lions gala, where the Rose Main Reading Room's tables were covered in gold cloth, the place mats were made of gold paper laser-cut to resemble the rosettes on the room's ceiling, and the books were lit with spotlights. 
Mnuchin was Schwarzman's guest — an experience sort of like hanging with Donald Trump in Trump Tower: The gala took place in the library's Stephen A. Schwarzman Building. The New York Public Library includes this flagship center for collections and exhibitions, as well as more than 80 branch libraries where children learn to read, teens do homework and job-seekers work on their resumes. 
Here's a photo of Trump's 'drain the swamp' finance chair hanging with billionaire private equity mogul Schwarzman.

Steve Schwarzman…you know that name don't you? Of course you do. He's the guy that said the following about the threat to repeal the carried interest loophole:
Word of mouth says that Blackstone founder Steve Schwarzman got suddenly very passionate when talking about tax hikes in July. 
'It's a war.' 
'It's like when Hitler invaded Poland in 1939.' 
With that in mind, it's no surprise that Schwarzman had the following to say in Davos earlier this year. From the post, Billionaire CEO of Blackstone Trolls the American Public – He Doesn't Get Why People Are Angry :
'I find the whole thing astonishing and what's remarkable is the amount of anger whether it's on the Republican side or the Democratic side,' the Wall Street mogul said at the World Economic Forum in Davos. 'Bernie Sanders, to me, is almost more stunning than some of what's going on in the Republican side. How is that happening, why is that happening?' 
This is the guy Trump's finance chair was hanging with a day before the election . You don't get more status quo than Steve Schwarzman. While we're at it, here are just a few examples of what Blackstone's been up to since the financial crisis:
America Meet Your New Slumlord: Wall Street 
A Closer Look at the Decrepit World of Wall Street Rental Homes 
Leaked Documents Show How Blackstone Fleeces Taxpayers via Public Pension Funds 
Meanwhile, I think the performance of Wall Street shares since the election tells you all you need to know.


To conclude, this article is primarily written for all my readers who are either Trump supporters, or who reluctantly voted for him. My message to you is that we need to hold this man's feet to the fire. The election is over, and you got your desired outcome. Now is not the time to be a cheerleader. Now is not the time to behave exactly like Obama zombies did after he became an obvious betrayal. What allowed Obama to do all the bad things he did, was the fact that his supporters made endless excuses for him. Don't make excuses for Trump. If you do, your life will get a lot worse and this country will decay far more into an authoritarian oligarchy than it already has. It is up to you to make sure he doesn't become the Wall Street puppet I always feared he would be.
Remember the timeless words of Mark Twain and please take heed.

This isn't the time for playing around. This isn't the time for looking the other way. You voted him in to take down the status quo system. Make sure he does it. 
In Liberty,
Michael Krieger
This article was written by Michael Krieger of Liberty Blitzkrieg.com . His columns typify the kind of questions that must be asked during the next administration, no matter if you support or oppose it. 

ARTICLE

We understand that what happened on Tuesday is shocking to millions of people around the world. We're here for you.
We encourage you to share this with friends and family who are having a difficult time adjusting to the election of Donald Trump.
…Whatever you're feeling right now, you're emotions are valid.
…You're not alone.
…All over the world, people that you didn't know are rooting for you.
…For every person that you run into who maybe believes it's their right to treat you differently, you're going to find so many other people who will treat you with kindness and respect.
…You have an inner strength you don't even know is there
This is serious. Stop laughing.

( Watch At Youtube )
*** IMPORTANT WARNING: THE FORUM AREA BELOW THIS POST IS NOT A SAFE SPACE. COMMENTS MAY TRIGGER SOME READERS *** 

ARTICLE

The price of hubris has set in.
After years of assuming an easy victory in 2016, Team Hillary is taking the heavy toll as reality is setting in.
Human Abedin, under her own set of scandals after the brutal email-centric campaign, was seen breaking down in tears as she carried dry cleaning through Manhattan in New York.
Clearly, the campaign is not taking their failure to secure total power very well at all. Right now they are in the grieving phase.
This image captured by Daily Mail photographer Jae Donnelly tells it all – actually, there are many angles and snaps of this priceless moment at the Daily Mail :

According to the Daily Mail :
Hillary Clinton's closest aide Huma Abedin wept openly in the street on Friday as she returned to the place where the Democratic candidate's campaign was fought – and lost. 
Abedin looked like she had the weight of the world on her shoulders as she visited the campaign headquarters of the failed presidential candidate – after her own stumbles and her husband's sexting habits helped contribute to Clinton's historic defeat.
[…] The pain and emotion of the situation were clearly visible on the face of the long-time loyalist, despite the dark large-frame sunglasses that covered her eyes. 
Evidently, her breakdown was triggered by a text message, as the Daily Mail notes:
'Abedin appeared to start weeping after she read a message on her mobile phone as she made her way to the Brooklyn headquarters.' 
It is thought that Huma feels guilty for the campaign's defeat, as the last minute FBI investigation into Hillary just before election week was largely due to the 650,000 emails found on her husband's laptop, himself under fresh investigation for allegedly misdeeds involving underage girls. Regardless of the merits of either of the investigations, it may have taken Hillary down a final peg, just enough for Donald Trump to win the presidency.
Though Huma is taking it quite hard, she is hardly the only one upset.
Hillary Clinton herself has been reportedly crying inconsolably, and cycling through systematic blame against her surrogates and opponents, while lamenting her own loss of what is, no doubt, 'rightfully' hers.
As SHTF reported, it was the primary reason why she did not make an appearance on election night:
According to Ed Klein who spoke with a close friend and confidante of Hillary, that she did, in fact, have a serious breakdown and was in no condition to speak to America on live television.
The shock of losing after having been a '98%' lock for the Presidency was simply too much to bear. And as you might expect from a Clinton, it was everybody else's fault: 
She was crying inconsolably. She couldn't stop crying. And her friend, her female friend from way, way back said it was even hard to understand what she was saying she was crying so hard… her friend said she could make out that she was blaming James Comey, the Director of the FBI, for her loss, and, I don't understand exactly, the president of the United States for not doing enough. ( Via Gateway Pundit) 
The question is, did Hillary really cast the bulk of blame on the loyal aide who is typically more closely at her side than even her daughter or husband?
Hillary has a notoriously dark reputation for (allegedly) throwing objects at the former president , castigating her staff and surrogates and demeaning the general public and even her own supporters .
We can only imagine how bad she took her rage and despair about the big loss on Huma.
Read more: We Finally Know Why Hillary Disappeared On Election Night: 'She Was Crying Inconsolably… It Was Hard To Understand What She Was Saying She Was Crying So Hard' 'She Was In Full Meltdown': Hillary Unleashed On Donna Brazile For Unapproved Debate Question 
Evidence Surfaces That 'DNC Chair Fed Questions to Hillary Campaign in Advance' 
Make No Mistake: 'Everyone Who Is Warning About Clinton Is A Target and They Are Marked' 
Media Faces Blowback From Clinton Worship: 'They Bet the Farm on Hillary… And Lost' 

ARTICLE


This article was written and originally published at The Daily Sheeple . 
Editor's Comment: There are powers bigger than just the president, and Trump is under a lot of pressure right now to take advice from people who represent the deepest and darkest interests at work in foreign policy. America will be undergo a tremendous test in the next term, as terrorism, war, a divided population and the global economy all threaten to explode on his watch, leaving the situation open to exploit by the advisors and appointees of the Deep State, and the secret societies that create and steer world affairs. 
After decades as a billionaire businessman, Trump is finally playing ball in the big leagues, and that means some very serious characters at work in and around his office of power. 
If Trump thinks he's now the big boss, he'd better be very careful and watch is back. History has a lot to say about JFK's assassination – because it concerns his attempt to oust the shadow powers from his administration. 
Ron Paul on Trump's Election: Beware of the Shadow Government 
by The Daily Sheeple
Former congressman and presidential candidate Ron Paul appeared on RT to talk about the election of Donald Trump as president, and he voiced major skepticism on whether Trump will actually follow through on many of his campaign promises.

Paul referenced Trump's independence as being a political outsider and that this possibly could have a more favorable outcome than we might have seen with Hillary Clinton in the Oval Office. However, he notes that we cannot determine what plans for Trump's presidency the shadow government might have. Speaking of this secret power structure, he said:
You know, we look at the president, we look at what he said, we look at what he might do, and we look at his advisors, but quite frankly, there is an outside source, which we refer to as a deep state or a shadow government. There is a lot of influence by people that are actually more powerful than our government itself, our president and on up. I mean, you take for instance how our government gets involved in elections around the world, whether it's in the Middle East or Ukraine. 
Paul is not particularly pleased with the war-driven neoconservatives who are beginning to surround Trump. 'Unfortunately, there has been several neoconservatives that are getting closer to Trump. And if he gets his advice from them then I do not think that is a good sign,' he said. 'During the campaign, he did talk a little bit about backing off and being less confrontational to Russia and I like that. He criticized some of the wars in the Middle East at the same time. He believes we should accelerate the war against ISIS and terrorism.'
Paul thinks that the Wikileaks release of the nearly 60,000 hacked Podesta emails is what ultimately secured Trump to the presidency, but he thinks that the hidden power structure is brewing something in the background to maintain their dominion over the US presidency. 'Yes, Trump is his own guy, more so than most of those who have ever been in before. We hope he can maintain an independence and go in the right direction. But I fear the fact that there is so much that can be done secretly, out of control of our apparent government and out of the view of so many citizens,' he cautioned.
Paul does not have high hopes that Trump will follow through on his campaign promise to disengage from the NATO alliance. He expects that Trump's intentions as president will become clear once we see who he appoints to his cabinet.
This article was written and originally published at The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE

Comments (4) Read by 130 people 
Things have gotten steadily worse for Democrats after Donald Trump's election to the Presidency of the United States. Scores of celebrities are freaking out across social media, Hillary supporters are holding 'Cry Ins' to help each other cope, visits to Canada's immigration website have skyrocketed , and coping videos are starting to make the rounds online. 
While many shocked Clinton supporters have found solidarity with thousands of others by protesting and rioting in the streets, some, like movie star Robert DeNiro, have fallen into a depressive state . 
And according to The Hill , those overwhelming feelings of depression have led to suicidal thoughts in many. So much so that suicide hotlines across the country are struggling to keep up: 
Phones have been ringing off the hook at suicide hotlines since Donald Trump was named president-elect Tuesday. 
According to multiple reports, many of those calling or texting into hotlines are members of the LGBTQ community, minorities and victims of sexual assault who are worried about Trump's victory. The Suicide Prevention Lifeline told ' The Washington Post' it is seeing calls 'unmatched in the hotline's history,' with a response unlike that in 2008 or 2012. 
… 
Election stress is nothing new. Psychologists have noted upticks in anxiety and stress during and following contentious election cycles. This specific election, many have observed, is no exception and is exceeding average numbers in those seeking mental care and counseling. 
If you are someone you know can't handle the stress, please share this video.   Mac Slavo Views: Read by 130   12th, 2016 Website: www.SHTFplan.com 
  Copyright SHTFplan and Mac Slavo. This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.shtfplan.com. Please contact us for permission to reproduce this content in other media formats.
ARTICLE

There are dozens of them roaming the internet right now and they're not quite sure what to do with themselves.
Anticipating a coronation of Hillary Clinton, these celebrities totally freaked out after the election results were in.
Via The Daily Sheeple : 

( Watch At Youtube ) 
Subscribe and stay up to date with daily news briefs, important reports and informative videos at The Daily Sheeple Youtube Page : 

 
ARTICLE


If you are an illegal immigrant in America with a criminal record your days are numbered, according to President-elect Donald Trump.
Following up on his campaign promise to build a security wall on the southern border and deport any undocumented immigrants with criminal records immediately upon taking office, Trump sat down with 60 Minutes on Sunday to reiterate his plans.
President-elect Donald Trump has said he plans to deport two to three million undocumented immigrants with criminal records from the country immediately – and has insisted that he will build his wall.
In his first extensive interview since he won the White House, Trump is reassuring his supporters that he will deport or incarcerate up to three million 'gang members' and 'drug dealers.' 
…
'What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably two million, it could be even three million, we are getting them out of our country or we are going to incarcerate,' Trump said.
'But we're getting them out of our country, they're here illegally.'
As the Commander-In-Chief Trump will have the power to enforce existing immigration laws, which among other things call for the deportation of individuals entering the country illegally. Under the Obama administration millions of immigrants were allowed to enter the country without recourse and Border Patrol agents from Texas to California were told to stand down and do nothing.
Trump and others have said that undocumented workers pose a direct threat to the national security of the United States because with current immigration policies, which require no documentation whatsoever, it is impossible to know who is entering our country and from which country they originate. It's been reported that numerous individuals with ties to terrorism have been apprehended on the border , and that potentially scores of others have already been smuggled into the United States by Mexican drug cartels.
Though the President-Elect has promised to either deport or incarcerate millions of illegal immigrants with criminal records, he stopped short of claiming that all undocumented immigrants living in the United States would be deported:
'After the border is secure and after everything gets normalized, we're going to make a determination on the people that they're talking about who are terrific people, they're terrific people but we are gonna make a determination at that ,' Trump said.
'But before we make that determination…it's very important, we are going to secure our border.'
Watch Trump make his promise to deport criminals in a September 1, 2016 Immigration Speech:
Day one, my first hour in office, those people are gone. You can call it 'deported' if you want… the press doesn't like that term… you can call it whatever you want… they're gone. 
Their days have run out in this country… the crime will stop… they're going to be gone. It will be over. 

If you think Anti-Trump protestors have gone off the rails following Hillary's loss, just wait until Trump starts nationwide mass deportations. 
We encourage you to consider the implications of this policy and prepare for widespread violence now , because this could quickly escalate to open warfare on the street of America.
Related: 
A Step-By-Step Guide To Prepare For Any Disaster 
Illegal Immigration And Gangs: Someday Our Cities Will Burn Because We Didn't Protect Our Borders 
Watch: How Liberals React When Asked to House An Illegal Immigrant Child In Their Homes 
This Stunning Chart Shows How Trump's Border Wall Will Stop Illegal Immigration 
'This Quickly Escalates Into Open Warfare' – Why The Government Is Preparing For Post-Election Chaos 
ARTICLE

Who's laughing now?

( Watch at Youtube )
And for some good comedy from Chris Rock and Dave Chappelle On Saturday Night Live's Election Nigh wrap-up:

ARTICLE


This article was written by SGT Report and originally published at SGTReport.com . 
Editor's Comment: The web connecting the Clinton's to professional provocateurs who've been fueling violence and riots via BlackLivesMatter and through anti-Trump campaigns runs back to a central core. These are agents of change for life, and they are willing to use any means necessary to tips the scales into something they can work with. There is every indication that the agenda is to stir social unrest and further division, and with enough fake riots and manufactured anger, things might lead to a full-fledged civil war in America. Problem. Reaction. Solution. 
Lou Dobbs called for Soros to be investigated and held liable for inciting riots that are causing property damage and personal harm:
Should DOJ investigate Soros & his links to non-profits for their role in inciting riots that have caused property damage & personal injury?
— Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) November 12, 2016 

One has to wonder how man degrees away this network is from those that appear to be involved in staging tragedies (such as shootings and terrorist events) for media exploit. Can we believe anything that we see on the national stage? The defeat of Hillary hits a nerve deep into the shadow network that runs the Deep State, because the message of rejection of the establishment speaks to deep-set resentment and anger among the population. To make an educated guess, with the world swinging towards Trump as an attempt to dump the globalist oligarchy, the powers that be will see the need for some big events to occur in response – in other words, they need a new crisis. If they were planning a false flag event of some kind, what would stop them from going all the way? 
CLINTON CAMPAIGN INSIDER'S CONFESSION: Trump Protests Sponsored By Soros-Clinton Cabal 
by SGT Report
As Wayne Madsen is reporting, Hilary Clinton and George Soros have launched the «Purple Revolution» in America. Madsen writes, 'The Purple Revolution will resist all efforts by the Trump administration to push back against the globalist policies of the Clintons and soon-to-be ex-President Barack Obama. The Purple Revolution will also seek to make the Trump administration a short one through Soros-style street protests and political disruption.'
We KNOW who is behind this, and we are putting them on notice, there will be a changing of the guard on January 20th, 2017. Who will protect you from the long arm of the law then? 

This article was written by SGT Report and originally published at SGTReport.com . 
ARTICLE


NASA is preparing for the big one, as many astronomists have found several major rocks that will be headed straight for earth in the next 10-15 years and beyond.
The threat of a destructive asteroid event encroaching upon our life has become an increasing concern, and it is gaining serious attention. In the long run, it is an inevitability.
Though major asteroids big enough to wipe out life across the entire planet are rare, scientists believe they have taken place and reset entire epochs. Moreover, smaller asteroids, comets or meteors can all do major damage, even if they aren't record breaking hunks of space rock.
via the UK Metro :
When American government representatives asked NASA head Charles Boden what the best response to a large asteroid headed for New York City would be, his answer was simple: 'Pray.'
But what would happen if a smaller asteroid hit Los Angeles?
Describing the scenario as a 'not if – but when,' NASA recently simulated what would happen if a 300 to 800ft asteroid approached Los Angeles with an 100% chance of impact. 
'It's not a matter of if – but when – we will deal with such a situation,' said Thomas Zurbuchen, Associate Administrator for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. 
'But unlike any other time in our history, we now have the ability to respond to an impact threat through continued observations, predictions, response planning and mitigation.' 
What will it mean for civilization as we know it? There is a definite threat of an existential crisis that would change the planet over night – though the chances are extremely low, there is still a chance.
How much warning would we have? We could have as little as three days warning of an asteroid which would blast London with the power of a hydrogen bomb. 
And it's possible that we might have no warning at all – at least with a smaller asteroid capable of shattering windows across the city. 
[…]
Bigger asteroids could cause nearly unimaginable damage – wiping out many species and plunging Earth into a bleak winter lasting for years – although the larger an asteroid is, the more warning we would have of its approach. 
'The high degree of initial uncertainty coupled with the relatively long impact warning time made this scenario unique and especially challenging for emergency managers,' said FEMA National Response Coordination Branch Chief Leviticus A. Lewis. 
On the other hand, really big asteroid are routinely monitored and there are several known 'big ones' that will approach in the next decade or so… and while they might be headed for the planet, space agencies aren't planning to take it lying down, instead, they have a plan to exploit it as a major opportunity, born perhaps, out of an unavoidable risk they hope to mitigate.
Now that researchers are getting good at spotting these objects and tracking their path, scientists are beginning to formulate workable strategies for knocking any incoming asteroids off their trajectories and even 'catching' them in Earth's orbit to mine and exploit.
This man on stage at a Ted Talk explains what is at stake:
Phil Plait: How to defend Earth from asteroids 

Yes, asteroid defense is now a major enterprise, and somewhere in the shadows a team is gearing up to outdo the casts of Armageddon and Deep Impact combined.
When asteroids do hit, the damage they can do is unimaginably catastrophic – and can easily dwarf the power of a nuclear detonation, depending upon the size of the incoming rock.
But what is perhaps worse than a rock that could pack the punch of '3 billion nukes' is one that is just big enough to destroy a major area, but too small for NASA or other groups to track effectively. In fact, the latter scenario happens all the time – not long ago, a big enough meteor hit and NASA had no idea until it was too late.
Will they catch the one that counts? And will anyone be ready if they don't?
Read more: 
NASA Plan to Protect Planet Hopes 'Nuclear Blast Could Nudge Large Asteroid Off Course' 
Impact? Asteroid With Destructive 'Power of 3 Billion Nukes' Narrowly Misses Earth 
Why Has NASA Announced That A Meteor Is NOT Going To Hit The Earth In September? 
Shadow Government Bunkers: Security Heightened at Underground Storage Facilities 
NASA Missed The Huge Meteor That Just Hit Earth: 'Definitely Not Something You See Every Day' 
ARTICLE


Don't just survive when the world burns, but survive in style.
The election of Donald Trump signals a revolutionary fervor among a large segment of the population that is simply fed up, though it is isn't just his supporters. The economic realities of a stagnated economy are weighing heavily upon the masses, and they are looking for outlets to address their anger.
If the current protests against the election are any indication, the world is nearing ever closer to destruction, and those who can afford to do so are getting out of the path of violence, mayhem and property destruction ahead of a time. Though the dust will likely settle, the current atmosphere is somewhere between 'anxious' and 'panicked' :
via CBS in Dallas/Fort Worth :
An investor group is planning for a doomsday scenario by building a $300 million luxury community replete with underground homes. There will also be air-lock blast doors designed for people worried about a dirty bomb or other disaster and off-grid energy and water production. 
Residents will enjoy an equestrian center, 18-hole golf course, polo fields, zip lines and gun ranges. Retail shops, restaurants and a row of helipads are also in the works. For those looking to 'get away,' they'll also be able to enjoy three white sand beaches and a neighborhood spa .
'We've evolved it into long-term sustainability instead of a survival community,' Trident Lakes CEO Jim O'Connor told the Houston Chronicle, adding that the 400 planned condos will house about 1,600 people.
'It's not just a hole in the ground to hide in — it's going to be one of the most plush resorts in all of Texas, if not America,' Trident Lakes spokesperson Richie Whitt told the Sherman Herald Democrat.
'People are getting fearful of this world … If need be, it's going to be one of the safest places on Earth.'
For those already living in the luxury class, the expense of the elaborate underground community is not only grandiose, but to me, the extra expense on comfort, entertainment and the focus on above-ground activities only suggests that they are hedging seriously on the possibility that they might have to retreat to these places for considerable time periods.
We could use fancy words to describe what's going on. Or we could just show you our Master Plan. pic.twitter.com/XYesGI7V68 
— Trident Lakes (@TridentLakes) November 1, 2016 

At any rate, the 1% has taken cues from Occupy Wall Street, Tea Party protest voters, Black Lives Matter, Bernie supporters and the populist upsurge that elected Trump – namely, that whether or not some or all of these events are manufactured, the population itself has reached the point of revolt and uprising.
With such deep-seated anger and division, the wealthy are going to great lengths to ensure that they are able to live comfortably and, if necessary, completely apart from the rest of society.
This elitist self-sustaining community will not only set the bar for the rich and well-connected, but for anyone looking to ensure long-term survival through sustainable living that is either off the grid, or not dependent upon it if the grid goes down.
Whether or not the world ever experiences a nuclear attack or apocalyptic disaster anytime in the foreseeable future, there is every sense that society itself could unravel, and that the disintegrated fabric will spread unrest, violence, riots and ruin for all that it touches.
As J.D. Heyes has reported , the elite are preparing their getaways with considerable urgency:
With growing inequality and riots such as those in London in 2011 and in Ferguson and other parts of the USA last year, many financial leaders fear they could become targets for public fury. 
The president of the Institute of New Economic Thinking, Robert Johnson, told attendees at the recent World Economic Forum in Davos (itself, ironically, representative of a class of uber-rich that exists apart from the 99.9 percent of the rest of the world) that a number of hedge fund managers and others with the means to do so were already busy planning their getaway.
'I know hedge fund managers all over the world who are buying airstrips and farms in places like New Zealand because they think they need a getaway,' he said. 
Food, water, electricity, fuel (and other forms of power), firearms, medicine and skills in everything from agriculture, animal husbandry, mechanics, engine repair, shoes and clothing, tools, hunting and camoflauging will all become vital assets in building that lifeline – and people of all income brackets will need to take measures to prepare, or remain wide open and vulnerable to a society that continues to flirt with total disaster, while scoffing at measures to reduce risk and normalize.
The underground shelter market is gaining in size, especially as more and more sectors are preparing to deal with the increasing importance of the threat of EMP attack.
Notably, engineers just announced the development of 'conductive concrete,' which they designed as a low cost way to shield against an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) attack.With the potential of grid failure and system wide disabling of communications, data centers, military structures, government buildings and more are investing in defensive protections, though theoretically anyone could create their own shielded room or home using these materials:
According to Phys.org :
Nebraska engineers Christopher Tuan and Lim Nguyen have developed a cost-effective concrete that shields against intense pulses of electromagnetic energy, or EMP. Electronics inside structures built or coated with their shielding concrete are protected from EMP. 
'EMP is very lethal to electronic equipment,' said Tuan, professor of civil engineering. 'We found a key ingredient that dissipates wave energy. This technology offers a lot of advantages so the construction industry is very interested.' 
EMP-shielding concrete stemmed from Tuan and Nguyen's partnership to study concrete that conducts electricity [creating] – the ability to block electromagnetic energy.
Their technology works by both absorbing and reflecting electromagnetic waves. The team replaced some standard concrete aggregates with their key ingredient – magnetite, a mineral with magnetic properties that absorbs microwaves like a sponge . Their patented recipe includes carbon and metal components for better absorption as well as reflection.
[…] Today's shielding technologies employ metal enclosures that require expensive metal panel or screen construction, limiting their feasibility in large structures. […] The resulting patent-pending product protects building interiors from electromagnetic interference, such as radio waves and microwaves, as well as electronic eavesdropping. 
Furthermore, this type of concrete, known as Shotcrete, can be sprayed on over existing structures – meaning that existing buildings can be upgraded for a fraction of the cost of new construction.
The wealth gap that divides a few from a country devolving into desperate, revolutionary masses will be nothing compared to the doomsday gap that could follow widespread unrest, violence, war or an EMP attack.
Prepping has never made more sense.
Read more: 
Landing Strips, Farms and Hideaways: Secret Escapes of the Elite: 'The Rich Are Worried and They Should Be' 
Elite Bunker Down in 'Secure, Safe Rooms Hidden in Plain Sight'… And You Can, Too 
How This Man Converted 'Underground Shelter Using a 20 Ft. Shipping Container' 
Why The Elite Are Buying Secret Hideaways: 'A Lot of Wealthy and Powerful People Are Quite Afraid Right Now' 
With Disaster on the Horizon, Elites Busy Building Luxury Bunkers: 'Panic, Anxiety, Aftermath' 
Continuity Preppers: FEMA, DHS In 'Secret Orgy of Preparedness' at Secret Underground Mountain Bunker 
ARTICLE


OK, theoretically, everything will go according to plan, and Donald Trump will be the next president.
But technically, the (s)election hasn't really taken place yet.
Presidential electors of the mystified electoral college must still actually vote for the president, and there isn't anything to keep them from 'voting their conscience' and choosing someone other than Donald Trump.
Moreover, it appears that there is an active effort to flip the electoral college to deny Trump the presidency, and toss the White House to either Hillary or a GOP loyalist.
The #NeverTrump crowd and plenty of bitter Hillary supporters are still hoping for a coup, though even they admit it is a long shot – completely unprecedented and anything but likely.
According to the Blaze :
Donald Trump may have won the electoral votes necessary to win the White House, but he he's likely going to lose the popular vote to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. And now two electors have launched a last-minute effort to convince their colleagues to abandon the president-elect. 
'This is a long shot. It's a hail Mary,' Bret Chiafolo, a Washington state elector who previously pledged not to vote for Clinton, told Politico Monday. 'However, I do see situations where — when we've already had two or three [Republican] electors state publicly they didn't want to vote for Trump. How many of them have real issues with Donald Trump in private?'
Chiafolo along with Colorado elector Micheal Baca have launched what they call a 'moral electors' movement in hopes of convincing 37 of their Republican colleagues to deny Trump their votes. Should they succeed in their radical effort, the presidential decision would be thrown to the Republican-controlled House of Representatives.
[…]
The Electoral College consists of 538 members who are expected to convene in their respective state capitals on Dec. 19 to formally vote for the next president… Baca said he hopes the move launches a serious national discussion about abolishing the Electoral College , which would require either a constitutional amendment or legislation in several states.
The speculation is that if this maneuver were to be successful, the GOP-led Congress could be persuaded not to choose Hillary, but to write-in a selection for a party loyalist – like Mitt Romney or John Kasich… maybe even a Bush.
Of course, there have also been reports that Team Hillary has been hard at work attempting to persuade electors to switch their votes in the hope, however desperate, that they can still flip the election and take the White House:
On December 19, the Electors of the Electoral College will cast their ballots. If they all vote the way their states voted, Donald Trump will win. However, they can vote for Hillary Clinton if they choose. Even in states where that is not allowed, their vote would still be counted, they would simply pay a small fine – which we can be sure Clinton supporters will be glad to pay! 
We are calling on the Electors to ignore their states' votes and cast their ballots for Secretary Clinton. Why? Mr. Trump is unfit to serve.
The larger issue here is that the system is badly broken, the people are harshly divided along demographic and political lines, and the future is gambling on extreme versions of itself – larger than life candidates, and bizarre back-door maneuvers in attempt to hack the system and bend it in one direction or another.
Trump has taken his place on the stage in a thunderous revolt of the people, but his legacy will be tested out the gates by the heavy pressures of Washington lobbyists, intrigue on the part of political insiders and the cults of opposition that are springing up in response to his controversial journey to the White House.
The entire political establishment have been knocked off their perch, though their hold on power has not necessarily been loosened.
A whole new era is born, and it remains to be seen how it will play out.
Read more: 
It's Not Over Yet: 'They Are Probably Still Trying To Steal The Election' | Calls For Electoral College To Ignore Will Of People 
Clinton Insider Confesses: Trump Protests Are Just More Pre-Paid 'Soros Riots' to Stir Unrest 
'Beware of the Shadow Government': Ron Paul Advises President-Elect 
Trump Surrounded By Bankers, Wall St. Insiders Banging on the Door to Get In: 'Draining the Swamp?' 
'Violent Revolution If Trump Lets Them Down': People Remain Poised for Angry Revolt – Roberts 
ARTICLE


In the runup to the 2016 election Matt Drudge linked to reports that Hillary Clinton's health was faltering. For weeks the 'rumors' were denied by mainstream media , especially left-leaning web sites.
As the election drew closer, The Huffington Post and other non-partisan web sites claimed that Clinton had an unbeatable lead. On November 4th, just days before the election, Huff Post went so far as to suggest that Clinton had a 98% chance of winning the election. All the while, alternative media researchers, journalists, commentators and bloggers were highlighting the fact that polls actually showed a dead even race , with Trump leading in some cases.
When Wikileaks released tens of thousands of emails, the propaganda went into full swing with claims that the emails sourced from the DNC and Clinton Campaign were fake, even though numerous third-party organizations certified their validity.
If you were to ask the experts, Drudge Report , Infowars , Breitbart , The Daily Sheeple , and other alternative media web sites were peddling fiction. In fact, 'peddling fiction' is the exact terminology used by President Obama to marginalize the detailed economic reports being disseminated by Alternative Financial web sites like Zero Hedge .
The fiction narrative, championed by entrenched media personalities, was pushed across social media by millions of anxious Hillary fans. According to them, everything coming from independent media was a lie – it was fake.
As it turns out, Clinton's health problems were confirmed when she was recorded stumbling about following a September 11th ceremony in New York. The Wikileaks were, in fact legit. Trump won by an electoral landslide. And the economy continues its downward spiral.
One report after another being disseminated by what left-leaning pundits call 'fake news websites' has been confirmed as accurate, proving that there was a concerted effort to stifle free speech and real journalism.
Hillary Clinton made mention of it in her Deplorables speech, warning that a lot of fake information was being released through racist web sites across the web.
And if she had her way, no one would have ever read anything but positive information about her, while everything else was disappeared Orwellian-style, never to reach the masses that eventually elected Donald Trump to the Presidency.
What this year's Presidential election has proven is that alternative media is a force to be reckoned with, and the establishment is scared shitless.
But they won't let it happen again.
Earlier this year President Obama turned control of the internet over to the United Nations, effectively eliminating free speech protections enjoyed by citizen journalists in America. It may have sounded crazy when we sounded the alarm before the internet takeover, but the today's actions by Google and Facebook provide further evidence that the establishment media and Deep State politicians are preparing a digital lock down on any and all information that has not been approved by an as of yet unknown Truth Panel.
A Facebook spokesman said it will explicitly ban sites that traffic in fake news from using the Facebook Audience Network, saying they fall under the category of misleading, illegal or deceptive sites already barred. The audience network places ads on other websites and mobile apps.
Earlier Monday, Google said it plans to prevent Google ads from being placed 'on pages that misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher's content, or the primary purpose' of the website. The policy would cover sites that distribute false news, a Google spokeswoman said.
False news stories, particularly those that spread widely on Facebook, became an issue during the recent presidential election. Google experienced its own mishap on Sunday when a story on a right-wing blog erroneously stating Donald Trump won the popular vote appeared atop some Google search results.
…
'While implied, we have updated the policy to explicitly clarify that this applies to fake news,' the Facebook spokesman said. 'We vigorously enforce our policies and take swift action against sites and apps that are found to be in violation. Our team will continue to closely vet all prospective publishers and monitor existing ones to ensure compliance.'
Full report 
The moves by Google and Facebook follow a recent de-monitzation effort at Youtube that has target alternative media. As noted in their 'Advertiser Friendly content guidelines, they appear to be targeting alternative media directly by banning:
C ontent that is considered 'not advertiser-friendly' includes, but is not limited to: 
Controversial or sensitive subjects and events, including subjects related to war, political conflicts, natural disasters and tragedies, even if graphic imagery is not shown So basically, anything newsworthy is no longer advertiser friendly, and these organizations will now determine whose news will or won't be seen based on what is sure to be propietary algorithms and human curation.
The bottom line is this: the time and energy required to produce the amount of video content and investigative journalism that we saw during the election is astronomical. Thousands of journalists, bloggers and concerned citizens spent countless hours reporting the news the mainstream media wouldn't. Many of those people depend on advertising revenue to cover their most basic costs, including their monthly mortgages and the food they put on the table.
The aim with policies like this, which will no doubt be overseen by establishment hacks, is to starve independent media. In turn, they will starve the people of the information they so desperately need to understand what is being done to them.
This is only the beginning.
Hattip Daisy Luther 

ARTICLE


This article was written by Joseph Jankowski and originally published at PlanetFreeWill.com . 
Editor's Comment: Like the plot of a bad horror movie, the arch villains refuse to be slain, defeated or go home. The meddling will continue as George Soros uses his money to break the United States into factions of fighting, angry and unruly mobs with different pet obsessions. 
With enough starter money, and Soros has it, they figure that civil unrest and absolute chaos can be drawn out of the resentment and disenfranchisement already felt by many. The weight of economic collapse, which could come any time that the Federal Reserve chooses to raise interest rates, or through many other catalysts, would add serious fuel to that fire, and make nationwide riots and widespread conflict almost inevitable. Can Trump fend off these destructive tendencies in our nation and its enemies battling from within? 
Soros and Liberal Mega-Donors are Plotting to Resist Trump Behind Closed Doors 
by Joseph Jankowski
George Soros and other liberal mega-donors are gathering in Washington for a three-day, closed-door meeting where they will discuss opposing Trump's plan for his first 100 days in office. 
According to Politico , the meeting, which began on Sunday night at Washington's Mandarin Oriental hotel, is sponsored by the influential Democracy Alliance donor club and will include darlings of the left such as House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, Senator Elizabeth Warren and Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chairman Keith Ellison.
Politico reports:
The meeting is the first major gathering of the institutional left since Trump's shocking victory over Hillary Clinton in last week's presidential election, and, if the agenda is any indication, liberals plan full-on trench warfare against Trump from Day One. Some sessions deal with gearing up for 2017 and 2018 elections, while others focus on thwarting President-elect Trump's 100-day plan , which the agenda calls 'a terrifying assault on President Obama's achievements — and our progressive vision for an equitable and just nation.' 
Yet the meeting also comes as many liberals are reassessing their approach to politics — and the role of the Democracy Alliance, or DA, as the club is known in Democratic finance circles. The DA, its donors and beneficiary groups over the last decade have had a major hand in shaping the institutions of the left, including by orienting some of its key organizations around Clinton, and by basing their strategy around the idea that minorities and women constituted a so-called 'rising American electorate' that could tip elections to Democrats.
The Democracy Alliance has fed upwards of $500 million toward liberal activist groups and candidates since Soros co-founded the group in 2005.
All members of DA are required to give $200,000 a year to recommended activist groups and pay annual dues of $30,000 to fund the DA staff and its meetings.
Gara LaMarche, the president of the DA, told donors Sunday evening that some reassessment is in order for the Democratic party. 'You don't lose an election you were supposed to win, with so much at stake, without making some big mistakes, in assumptions, strategy and tactics,' LaMarche said, according to prepared remarks he provided to Politico .
LaMarche would add that the reassessment 'must take place without recrimination and finger-pointing, whatever frustration and anger some of us feel about our own allies in these efforts,' and he said 'It is a process we should not rush, even as we gear up to resist the Trump administration.'
While focusing on preserving ObamaCare and other achievements of the Obama administration that are threatened by a Donald Trump presidency, the DA's agenda includes panels on rethinking polling and the left's approach to winning the working-class vote. The group will also stress funneling cash into state legislative policy initiatives and races where Republicans took over last week.
President-elect Donald Trump has said his first 100 days will be dedicated to restoring 'honesty, accountability and change to Washington' through the following seven steps:
A Constitutional Amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress A hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce federal workforce through attrition (exempting military, public safety, and public health) A requirement that for every new federal regulation, two existing regulations must be eliminated A five-year ban on White House and Congressional officials becoming lobbyists after they leave government service A lifetime ban on the White House officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government A complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections Cancel billions in payments to U.N. climate change programs and use the money to fix America's water and environmental infrastructure Billionaire George Soros immediately had fingers of blame pointing at him for the anti-Trump riots and protests that swept the nation since Nov. 9, as his group MoveOn.org has organized most of them .
The billionaire committed $25 million to boosting the Clinton campaign and other Democratic candidates and causes in 2016.
This article was written by Joseph Jankowski and originally published at PlanetFreeWill.com . 
Joseph Jankowski is a contributor for PlanetFreeWill.com . His works have been published by recognizable alternative news sites like GlobalResearch.ca, ActivistPost.com, PrisonPlanet.com and ZeroHedge.com. Follow Planet Free Will on Twitter @ twitter.com/PlanetFreeWill 
ARTICLE


Fresh reports are confirming what we already knew – that Hillary Clinton was nowhere to be seen on election night because she was preoccupied with a terrible rage, losing it once again in front of her closest circle of staff and surrogates.
If these accounts have any validity, she was absolutely livid. Is there a more dangerous enemy to make, or a more unstable person to attempt to gain power over the nation?
According to The Gateway Pundit :
Radio host Todd Kincannon from The Kincannon Show tweeted today that a CNN reporter told him Hillary Clinton became physically violent towards Robby Mook and John Podesta around midnight last Tuesday as the presidency was slipping away.
Hillary was reportedly drunk and had a violent temper on full display. For one reason or another, she did not appear on stage election night to concede, delay, or anything else.
And it appears there was good reason for it, as she was busy lashing out, blaming those around and closest too her and playing the victim as her loss became more and more apparent.
CNN reporter tells me Hillary became physically violent towards Robby Mook and John Podesta around midnight; had to be briefly restrained.
— The Kincannon Show (@kincannon_show) November 14, 2016 

She was. I posted about that too. She was in a 'psychotic drunken rage' according to my reporter friend. Doctor added sedatives to the mix. https://t.co/jZv376ydDM 
— The Kincannon Show (@kincannon_show) November 15, 2016 

The report is unconfirmed, but is hardly surprising. It seems to fit the narrative we all expected.
Already accounts of that fateful election night have emerged of Hillary crying and sobbing all night, and rambling incoherently to her staff and support network.
In between her sobbing fits, Hillary reportedly remembered to blame FBI Director Comey as well as the media – and likely many others – for her loss :
Here's what I know, not my opinion. About 6:30 this morning she called an old friend. She was crying inconsolably. She couldn't stop crying. And her friend, her female friend from way, way back said it was even hard to understand what she was saying she was crying so hard. This is Hillary we're talking about. 
Eventually her friend said she could make out that she was blaming James Comey, the Director of the FBI, for her loss , and, I don't understand exactly, the president of the United States for not doing enough. (via Gateway Pundit )

Only a few weeks before the election, a report emerged about Hillary's alleged behavior backstage after the Commander-in-Chief Forum (the first pseudo-debate against Trump). According to the report, she went fully ballistic after host Matt Lauer was 'allowed' to ask an unscripted question pushing her on the email scandal:
Behind the scenes, NBC technicians and cameramen at the Wednesday night, Commander-in-Chief Forum (Sept 7) report that Hillary Clinton was so angry and incensed that she had been 'blind-sided' by one question she was not prepared for and had not approved in advance. 
'When her time in front of the cameras ended, Clinton shook the hand Lauer extended to her and smiled once more for the wide camera shot and then Hillary proceeded to pick up a full glass of water and threw it at the face of her assistant and the screaming started. She was in a full meltdown and no one on her staff dared speak with her 
[…]
[Hillary was] screaming at her staff, 'you f – – – ing idiots, you were supposed to have this thing set up for me and you've screwed it up! If that f – – – ing bastard wins we all hang from nooses! Lauer's finished…and if I lose it's all on you ass – – – – s for screwing this up.' 
[…]
Interim DNC chairman Donna Brazile, the first black woman to hold the position, was singled out by Hillary during the rant. She screamed at Donna, 'I'm so sick of your face. You stare at the wall like a brain dead buffalo, while letting that f – – – ing Lauer get away with this. What are you good for, really? Get the f – – – to work janitoring this mess – do I make myself clear?'


Much more could be said about the reputation that precedes Hillary, her angry and demeaning temper, throwing objects, etc. but there is no need to go on.
The people of the United States dodged a devil… but that doesn't mean that more evil isn't fast approaching with the cesspool that is Washington.
No election is going to break the cycle of corruption and criminality that has long defined the actions of the leaders of the federal government.
Read more: 
We Finally Know Why Hillary Disappeared On Election Night: 'She Was Crying Inconsolably… It Was Hard To Understand What She Was Saying She Was Crying So Hard' 
Is Something Wrong With Hillary? Will NOT Concede Tonight 'She Was In Full Meltdown': Hillary Unleashed On Donna Brazile For Unapproved Debate Question 
Make No Mistake: 'Everyone Who Is Warning About Clinton Is A Target and They Are Marked' 

ARTICLE


This article was written by John Vibes and originally published at Activist Post.com . 
Editor's Comment: On the surface, there are good intentions here. The Bushes, like other patriotic establishment figures, always honor the troops, and count the sacrifices. Typically, they are stoic and praiseworthy of everything the military does. But underneath the surface, one has to wonder what is really going on inside the disturbed mind of George W. Bush – whose orders for an illegal war in Iraq, and a broader War on Terror in Afghanistan and elsewhere resulted in the deaths of thousands of U.S. troops, tens of thousands of wounded or injured and potentially more than a million civilians dead. 
Does he feel remorse? Guilt? Has he admitted to his personal responsibility for what happened to their lives? Or do his paintings reveal a morbid sense of power over the lives of men and women whom he can only reflect upon and humanize after the fact? Considering that the Iraq war was based upon a provable lie – or false intelligence if you prefer to lie to yourself – something seems very off about honoring victims who wouldn't have been harmed if Bush himself hadn't authorized the actions that took place under his watch. 
George W. Bush Paints Portraits Of The Veterans Who Were 'Injured Carrying Out My Orders' 
by John Vibes
This Veterans Day, former president George W. Bush revealed one of his favorite hobbies and talents, painting portraits. However, there was an extremely disturbing twist.
This week, Bush posted a photo to his official Instagram account, showing himself in an art room painting portraits of the veterans who were injured carrying out his orders. He was even brazen enough to describe the situation in those exact words.
In the caption below the photo, Bush said,
Over the past several months, I've painted the portraits of 98 wounded warriors I've gotten to know – remarkable men and women who were injured carrying out my orders. I think about them on #VeteransDay and every day. Their paintings and stories will be featured in PORTRAITS OF COURAGE – a book and special exhibit – next spring, and I am donating all my proceeds to @thebushcenter and our Military Service Initiative's work to honor and support them. Click link in bio for more info.
Is this a slap in the face to the veterans who Bush sent to be injured and die in senseless wars, or does he actually have remorse for the part he played in the conflicts?
The portraits will also be featured in a book that will be released by the former president and will tell the stories of the veterans depicted in the paintings.
For some reason, despite the fact that Bush said he painted 98 veterans, the official 'portraits of courage' series consists of a total of 66 images, according to the website. 
66 is a bit of a strange number for them to select, don't you think?
The paintings in the book will be the subject of a special exhibit at the George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas on the campus of SMU that will be open to the public from March 2, 2017 through October 1, 2017.
This article was written by John Vibes and originally published at Activist Post.com . 
John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference . He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. John is currently battling cancer naturally , without any chemo or radiation, and will be working to help others through his experience, if you wish to contribute to his treatments please donate. 
ARTICLE


This article was written by Kurt Nimmo and originally published at his Another Day in the Empire site. 
Editor's Comment: At this point, Americans should be getting awfully tired of the false promises and empty dreams that are continually sold, and which so regularly ring hollow. Despite a campaign based around opposing the establishment, normalizing relations with Russia and pulling back from the failing empire, Donald Trump's rumored pick for Secretary of State – John Bolton, who served as U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. under George W. Bush – is advocating for a neocon platform of expanding war, and taking on the major powers. 
If put into action, this disastrous policy would lead to only one thing: world war. Trump must be persuaded to cut ties with this crowd and fulfill the promise of draining the swamp, but it remains to be seen if this will possible. 
John Bolton: Trump Needs to Confront Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, and Embrace Forever War 
by Kurt Nimmo
Because Donald Trump has zero foreign policy chops, he will delegate that job to his new secretary of state. With every passing day, it appears the person to fill that job will be John Bolton , a diehard neocon.
America electing #Trump was a clear repudiation of #Obama 's failed foreign policy. Voters want to restore American leadership in the world.
— John Bolton (@AmbJohnBolton) November 10, 2016 

On Saturday Bolton spelled out what he considers to be the foreign policy priorities of the new administration.
Bolton writes the top concern for America on the foreign policy front are 'the closely related threats of radical Islamic terrorism and the Middle East's spreading chaos.'
This is followed by 'nuclear proliferation' by Iran, a country that does not have a nuclear weapons program.
Trump may say he wants to make peace with Russia, but this is not on Bolton's agenda. 'Vladimir Putin's Russia is on the prowl in Eastern Europe and the Middle East in ways unprecedented since the Cold War,' he writes.
Trump's VP, Mike Pence, has similar thoughts on Russia.
Bolton forgets Russia was not 'on the prowl' prior to the US placing missile batteries on the border in Poland, or before the State Department engineered the takedown of the government in Ukraine.
He also wants Trump to confront China in the South and East China Seas. 'Continued failure to deal firmly with Chinese adventurism and intransigence will result in more Asian states falling under Beijing's sway, as the Philippines appears to be doing, simply accepting their fate as Middle Kingdom vassals.'
On Sunday, Bolton took to the pages of the New York Post . 'Iran is now on a path to deliverable nuclear weapons, legitimized by Obama's wretched deal, which is providing untold economic benefits to Tehran through unfrozen assets and renewed trade and investment, especially from Europe. Iran's support for terrorism continues unabated, and its provocative international behavior has only worsened since the nuclear deal. Russia's influence in the region is higher than at any time since the 1970s,' he writes.
My latest column in the @nypost , 'Trump needs to reverse the Iran deal and assert our interests' https://t.co/lWQC6tqAgu 
— John Bolton (@AmbJohnBolton) November 15, 2016 

Bolton pushed creative destruction and order out of chaos, the favored approach of neocons. 'Either a new state must be created out of the wreckage of Syria and Iraq, or some other durable approach must be found,' he writes.
'I still think the decision to overthrow Saddam was correct,' Bolton said last year during a failed effort to run for the nomination. 'I think decisions made after that decision were wrong, although I think the worst decision made after that was the 2011 decision to withdraw U.S. and coalition forces.'
He also wants to force Russia out of Syria. 'Moreover, the new Russian airbase in Latakia, Syria, has dramatically changed the strategic environment in the eastern Mediterranean and beyond.
'Unfortunately, the base cannot be made to disappear simply by reversing Obama's erroneous policies.'
According to Bolton, 'Israel and America's Arab friends are desperately waiting for a strong American president who understands who his friends are.'
Israel and its well-organized and financed lobbying effort in the United States has long determined US foreign policy in the Middle East.
As for our 'Arab friends,' this is a reference to Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the Gulf Emirates, the very folks who are responsible for fanatical Wahhabi Islam embraced by al-Qaeda, al-Nusra, and the Islamic State.
None of these psychopathic groups would even exist if the CIA had not built up the Mujahideen in Afghanistan during its covert war against the Soviets. The Saudis, the CIA, and the Pentagon are directly responsible for the cancer now growing in the Middle East, not Iran.
On Tuesday, Kentucky Senator Rand Paul pointed out the hypocrisy of a Trump administration selecting Bolton as secretary of state.
War is sometimes necessary but as a country we should resist any would-be leader who wants to bomb now & think later https://t.co/fNiS1ATXQ4 
— Dr. Rand Paul (@RandPaul) November 15, 2016 

'Bolton is a longtime member of the failed Washington elite that Trump vowed to oppose, hell-bent on repeating virtually every foreign policy mistake the U.S. has made in the last 15 years—particularly those Trump promised to avoid as president,' Paul writes.
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani is also being considered as Trump's secretary of state. He also embraces the neocon ethos.
This article was written by Kurt Nimmo and originally published at his Another Day in the Empire site. 

ARTICLE

Read by 358 people 
This article was written by Brandon Smith and published at his Alt-Market.com site. 
Editor's Comment: Make no mistake, there is an agenda at work here. You can't win for losing, or quit while you're ahead. Everything is quick sand, and one step forward two steps back. The world is stuck in a very tight trap, and it will require more than two dimensional thinking to find our way out of it. Electing Trump sent the right message to the powers that be, but the end result will be used to maneuver their next move against us. 
Nearly everyone is convinced of the need to reform the system, change things and somehow drain the swamp. But it seems that the complex of the system has a way of dragging people back down into it. This is a dangerous cycle of corruption, and one that will be very difficult to crawl out of, like a funnel. Stay on guard, and watch carefully at where the people win and where they lose in the next few scenes. 
World Suffers From Trump Shell Shock – Here's What Will Happen Next 
by Brandon Smith 
I've been saying this for a long time, and I'll say it again here — in life there are only two kinds of people: those who know and those who don't. Some might claim there is a third option: those who don't want to know. In any case, if you want to be able to foresee geopolitical and social trends, you have to be one of the people who know. 
Above all else, in order to know you must be willing to step outside of the confusion and theater of the circus and look at developments from above. If you are biased and retain too many sacred cows you will never understand how the world works. You will be too busy trying to reinforce your own fantasies to see anything else. 
Beyond this, you must also understand that political and social developments are not random; they are either reactions to deliberate policies of special interests or they are driven by policies of special interests. Therefore, these developments are predictable and can be calculated (to a point). 
I usually refer to these 'special interests' as global elites, or globalists, because that is how they often refer to themselves. The point is, most of the events you see in the political world are engineered events designed to elicit a specific psychological response from you and the people around you. You are not a human being to these people; you are either an asset to be molded or an obstacle to be disposed of. This is how our world works. Period. And until we fully understand this and accept it, things will never change. 
So, to be clear, if you understand the minds of globalists and understand what they want, you can understand the basic direction of the future. 
It is this philosophy which has allowed me to consistently and accurately predict geopolitical and economic events that very few other people have been able to predict. For example, I correctly predicted the Federal Reserve taper of QE , I predicted the inclusion of China in the IMF's Special Drawing Rights years in advance, I predicted the exact timing of the first Fed rate hike, I predicted the success of the Brexit referendum when most of the world and the liberty movement said it was never going to happen, I predicted that the Saudi 9/11 bill would pass , that Barack Obama would veto it and that congress would override his veto , I predicted that Hillary Clinton would be the Democratic candidate and that Donald Trump would be the Republican candidate for president of the U.S. and, for the past five months, I have been predicting that Donald Trump would win the 2016 election . 
People can either attribute these series of successful predictions to pure 'luck,' or they can consider the possibility that I know what I am talking about. I'll leave that to them. 
The real issue, though, is not that my predictions were correct. What is more important is WHY they were correct. To begin with, I am often correct because it is a fact that globalists influence events. Globalists are human (at least partially); thus, they are predictable, making events predictable. If you can see from the perspective of a globalist, you will know what they want and what they are likely to do to get it. 
In a world without globalists I would have a hard time successfully predicting anything. 
I never make a cold prediction without a concrete rationale for why I hold that view. I always break down the reasons and evidence that bring sense to them. Some analysts might be content to simply flip a coin and make a call without explanation; I am not. 
As far as the Trump election win is concerned, this is what I said in June of this year : 
'In light of the Brexit I'm going to have to call it here and now and predict that the most likely scenario for elections will be a Trump presidency. Trump has consistently warned of a recession during his campaign and with the Brexit dragging markets lower over the next few months, he will probably be proven 'prophetic.' 
… Even if Trump is a legitimate anti-establishment conservative, his entry into the Oval Office will seal the deal on the economic collapse, and will serve the globalists well. The international banks need only pull the plug on any remaining life support to the existing market system and allow it to fully implode, all while blaming Trump and his conservative supporters. 
The mainstream media has been consistently comparing Trump supporters to Brexit supporters, and Trump himself has hitched his political wagon to the Brexit. This fits perfectly with the globalist narrative that populists and conservatives are killing the global economy and placing everyone at risk.' 
All of my predictions are rooted in a particular premise; that the global elites have been, since 2008 at least, deliberately setting the stage for an evolving international financial crisis greater than any other seen in modern history. This crisis is a means to an end. Globalists use one strategy above all others to achieve their goals — the Hegelian Dialectic; problem, reaction, solution. 
As I have documented for years, the elites openly call for the ultimate eradication of national sovereignty and the formation of a single world economy, a single world currency and, eventually, a single world government. In order to make this omelet, they intend to break a few eggs (and collapse a few economies). By blaming 'national sovereignty' (and the people that defend it) for this crisis, they hope to convince the masses that the only practical solution is total centralization. You can read my in-depth analysis and evidence of this in my article ' The Economic End Game Explained. ' 
I also specifically predicted the Brexit and the Trump win based on another premise; that the elites are allowing conservative movements to take political power in certain regions, only to remove stimulus support from the global economy afterward. That is to say, I successfully predicted the Brexit and the Trump win because I understand and accept the reality that conservatives and liberty activists are not 'winning;' we are being set up as scapegoats for a financial crash that the globalists already created. 
Again, people can either say I am lucky, or that there is something to my position, but the fact of the matter is I have been right and I will probably continue to be right. This brings us to what will happen going into 2017. 
The election of Donald Trump signals a sea change in not only global politics, but more importantly, global economic stability and social developments. As frenetic and insane as 2016 has been, 2017 will be drastically more chaotic. Some of these changes will be obvious, some of them will once again only be visible to a handful of people in the world. Lets start first with my happier predictions… The Death Of The Mainstream Media 
This is an easy one. The mainstream media, with its insane regressive-progressives and elitist bias, misrepresented the 'Alt-Right,' the Trump campaign and anti-social justice movements during the entirety of the election process. Not only this, but through Wikileaks the leftist media was made naked as numerous journalists and outlets were exposed; colluding directly with the DNC and the Hillary campaign to first bushwhack Bernie Sanders and then rig debates and polling numbers to show Clinton in a farcically superior position to Trump. 
The mainstream media is now seen by the majority of Americans on the left and right as a lumbering rotting propaganda corpse that needs to be decapitated before it spreads its disease to anyone else. I predict MSM outlet readership and viewership (with the exception of FOX News) will collapse even further than it already has and that many outlets will be forced to consolidate until they fade out of existence. 
As I have said for years, the mainstream media is dead, they just don't know it yet. Well, after this election, everyone knows. The alternative media will take the place of the mainstream media. We will be adopting their viewership and growing explosively over the next year while they shrivel. 
They decided that their job was not to report the facts, but to manipulate public opinion. They are liars and a disgrace to true journalism. Good riddance. 
That said, some people will argue that my position that the elites wanted a Trump presidency is not tenable exactly because the liberal media worked so hard to rig public opinion against Trump. I will explain in my next article why these people are missing the bigger picture. The Crippling Of Social Justice Warriors 
The SJW cult is not dead, but it has been crippled. It is now a drooling bedridden quadriplegic eating its meals through a straw; a malfunctioning shell of a movement destined to be put out of its misery. 
When I think of social justice warriors I think of the Island of Misfit Toys; nobody wants these people. They are a detriment to everything they touch, including the Democratic party. It was the zealotry of SJWs that caused conservatives to rally in anger around Trump. It was they that awakened the sleeping giant. 
One reason I was so certain Clinton had set herself up for a loss was her insistence that the Democrats openly adopt these hell spawn and their ideology. By embracing politically correct rhetoric and accusing all opposition of being 'deplorable' racists, sexists and homophobes, Clinton doomed her campaign from the very beginning. Anyone with any sense could see the massive tide against SJWs growing on the internet. In fact, I propose that the globalists, using the advanced web analytics at their disposal, saw it even before the rest of us did. 
SJWs are a tiny minority in American society. Their only strategy has been to use Alinsky tactics to make their movement appear much larger than it really is. Through mutual aid and elitist supporters in popular media, SJWs presented a fabricated consensus. They made it seem as though they were the majority view and, thus, the 'superior' view. 
One fantastic result of the 2016 election has been the realization by conservatives that they are not isolated on the fringes of society. In fact, in America at least, we are a considerable force to be reckoned with. There is an old story of a Roman Senator 2,000 years ago who suggested the idea of forcing slaves to wear armbands to make them easily identifiable. Another senator admonished the notion, stating 'No, if they realize how many of them there really are, they may revolt.' 
This is what Election 2016 did for conservatives — we have seen that millions of us have arm bands, and we are now in revolt. 
I rarely comment on race issues because I don't really see race as very relevant in most cases; but it has been the tactic of social justice cultists to constantly and brutally target straight white males as the monsters of history and therefore responsible for the ills and failures of every minority group from today to eternity. At this point I think it is safe to say that we will NO LONGER sit idly by as whipping boys for sad, deluded people clamoring for victim group status. The End Of Mainstream Polling 
I was also confident in my prediction of a Trump win based on my knowledge of inconsistencies in modern polling methods. The fact of the matter is, polling suffers from the same lack of objectivity that any other 'science' can at times suffer from — the results will always be vulnerable to influence from the observer. If the observer wants a particular outcome for the numbers, they will consciously or unconsciously rig their method to produce the desired result. 
I saw this happen time and time again during the Brexit polls leading up to the referendum, and, as I stated many times before the U.S. election, the campaign polls seemed to be behaving the same way. This is how you get media sources like Reuters claiming a 90 percent chance of a win by Hillary Clinton just before the election. When pollsters weight their polls with far more democrats than republicans and when they poll the same groups repeatedly they are not going to get varied or honest data. 
In the end, polls become propaganda tools rather than litmus tests. The mainstream has tried desperately to explain why their polls were so utterly wrong, but it is too late for them. After the Brexit and the U.S. election, no one is going to trust these numbers again. Liberty Groups Will Get Some Breathing Room (For A Little While) 
The steady drum beat of government antagonism for 'patriot groups' is probably going to subside for a short time. I happen to know that many militia groups and preparedness networks are breathing a heavy sigh of relief today after eight years of a hostile Obama presidency, the IRS sniping at liberty organizations and individual activists based purely on political zealotry, the DHS profiling liberty activists as terrorists and the SPLC frothing at the mouth like rabid animals looking to use their ties to the feds as a means to sink their teeth into any conservatives with the guts to refuse participation in the mainstream narrative. 
With conservatives launching into 2017 with complete control of government and a Trump mandate, it would seem that liberty groups have 'won the fight' and have nothing to worry about. 
That said, don't get too comfortable, folks, because now we are going to discuss my negative predictions going into next year… The Final Stage Of Economic Collapse 
Economic collapse is a process, not a singular event; stock markets play only a minor part in this process. Most Americans' only relation to the economy is through the daily rise and fall of the Dow Jones. If they see the Dow in the green, they go on with their day. If they see the Dow in the red, they stop and question what is happening. The election of Donald Trump has surprised many with a sudden rise, rather than fall, in stock markets. But, as I told my readers before the election, it would be wise to wait a couple of weeks before trying to analyze these markets because that is how long it will take just to absorb the election results. 
I predict first that central banks around the globe will further cut stimulus measures and that the Fed is now guaranteed to raise interest rates, probably in December before Trump even enters the White House. I also believe that the process of initiating a market crisis will take approximately six months to become widely visible to the public. As a consequence of the Fed pulling the plug on markets, I predict Trump and the Fed will enter into open hostilities against each other, which will erode international faith in the U.S. dollar as the world reserve currency. 
By extension, Trump's presence in the White House will exacerbate already-existing tensions with Saudi Arabia. The Saudi 9/11 bill is just the beginning. As a result, I believe Saudi Arabia will dump the U.S. dollar as the petro-currency, influencing numerous other OPEC nations to do the same. I believe this will happen by early 2018. 
In my view, for now, oil prices will be the best indicator for where stocks are headed in the next few months. 
This is not something many Trump supporters want to hear. The response in the liberty movement to my prediction that the elites would allow Trump into office was rather predictable as well. In my article ‘Why The U.S. Election Has The Entire World Confused' I stated: 
'I have not taken this position just to be contrary. If I think about it honestly, my position is truly a losing position. If I am mistaken and Clinton wins on the 8th then I'll probably never hear the end of it, but that's a risk that has to be taken, because what I see here is a move on the chess board that others are not considering. If I'm wrong, then I'm wrong. 
That said, if I am right, then I still lose, because Trump supporters and half the liberty movement will be so enraptured that they will probably ignore the greater issue — that Trump is the candidate the elites wanted all along.' 
This seems to be the reaction from about half the liberty movement so far; a general blind faith and bias, clinging to the idea that the election (just like the Brexit) was a victory, and that conservatives had just won the culture war and defeated the globalists. It's funny how it wasn't much of a controversy when everyone thought I was wrong about Trump winning in the first place. 
There are two primary arguments that come up with these people. First, that my view on the influence of the elites is 'unrealistic' and that the elites would have to be 'omnipotent' in order to succeed in directing the outcome of these events so effectively. I will address this argument in detail in my next article on the Trump presidency and what the consequences will be for us all if Trump turns out not to be a constitutionalist. 
The second argument they present is that the elites 'will never succeed' in blaming Trump and conservatives for an economic crisis that was decades in the making. To the people that embrace this argument I say — I understand mass psychology far better than you do. 
The reality is, half of America is ALREADY primed to blame Trump for everything that happens over the next four years (if we even make it that long). Possession is nine-tenths of the law in the minds of many. Beyond that, every meme in the global media and on the left is promoting the idea that Trump is an apocalypse in the making. Even Germany's ‘Der Spiegal' published its after-election magazine with a cover depicting Trump's head as a giant comet hurtling towards the Earth. Don't tell me that Trump cannot be blamed for an economic crisis. Only a complete idiot would suggest that he is anything other than the perfect scapegoat. 
At bottom, it does not matter whether people believe the above predictions or not. I have hundreds of emails from readers who called me a 'tinfoil hatter' in the past and are now apologizing. So, if you plan to react in a knee-jerk fashion to the notion that Trump and conservatives are being set up by the elites for a final financial flagellation, be sure to write two letters — one for today saying I've lost touch, and the other for tomorrow when you find out I was right once again. 
This article was written by Brandon Smith of Alt-Market.com and first published at Personal Liberty.com . Click here to subscribe : Join over one million monthly readers and receive breaking news, strategies, ideas and commentary. Please Spread The Word And Share This Post 
Author: Brandon Smith Views: Read by 358 people Date: November 16th, 2016 Website: http://alt-market.com/articles/3061-world-suffers-from-trump-shell-shock-heres-what-will-happen-next 
Copyright Information: This content has been contributed to SHTFplan by a third-party or has been republished with permission from the author. Please contact the author directly for republishing information.
ARTICLE


This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
Editor's Comment: She's back! Just over a week after the election, Hillary made her first public appearance again, though she looked a bit worse for wear. Nonetheless, she stuck to the script and talked up the importance of supporting children, more than once quoting Martin Luther King, Jr.'s statement, 'The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.' Apparently, it was a gig that had been planned to parallel the first event she made with Bill just after his election back in 1992. 
Her admission at being disappointed by the election is surprise, but it is a sign that she doesn't plan on going away, and may well be around, though in what capacity isn't clear. 
War-Torn Hillary Emerges: 'I Will Admit, Coming Here Tonight Wasn't The Easiest Thing' 
by Tyler Durden
Hillary emerged from hiding today, for the first time since her concession speech on November 9th, to give a speech at the Children's Defense Fund gala in Washington D.C. The weathered look on her face indicated that she's had a pretty rough week and maybe a 'medical episode' or two. That said, we suspect her typical $250,000 – $500,000 speaking fee was simply too much to pass up…crying in bed with the dogs can wait just one day.
'I will admit, coming here tonight wasn't the easiest thing for me. There have been a few times this past week where all I wanted to do was curl up with a good book and our dogs and never leave the house again. '
While the idea of the Clintons retiring from the public eye forever would certainly be welcome news for about half of the country, somehow we suspect that's not likely to happen.
Hillary's comments , among other things, touched on the disappointment of the election results which she is clearly still trying to absorb herself.
'I know many of you are deeply disappointed by the results of the election. I am too, more than I can ever express.' 
'But as I said last week, our campaign was never about one person or even one election. It was about the country we love, and building an America that is hopeful, inclusive and big hearted.'
'For the sake of our children, and our families and our country, I ask you to stay engaged, stay engaged on every level.' 
' The divisions laid bare by this election run deep , but please listen to me when I say this. America is worth it, our children are worth it.'
' Believe in our country, fight for our values and never, ever give up .'
As Bloomberg points out, Hillary's appearance at the event was planned before election day and was supposed to be a post-election victory lap since it was also the first event the Clinton's attended after Bill's election.
Clinton's appearance was planned before Election Day and, had she won, would have been a clear signal that she was staying true to her roots. Instead, it was an opportunity for her to begin to chart a path ahead after a loss she didn't expect and a wake of sorts for ardent supporters and staff. Marian Wright Edelman, the Children's Defense Fund's founder, described the event as 'a love-in for our dear friend' and noted Clinton has a lead of more than 1 million in the popular vote. 'She is the people's president!'
Clinton didn't hint at her future plans except to suggest that she'll keep doing what she's done throughout her career. 'America is still the greatest country in the world. this is still the place where anyone can beat the odds. It's up to each and every one of us to keep working to make America better and stronger and fairer,' she said.
Ironically, Hillary still said nothing to the 1,000's of violent rioters in NYC, Oakland and Portland who have decided that destroying other people's property is the appropriate way to deal with their grief. 
With that, here are Hillary's full remarks:

This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
ARTICLE


This election proved the power of the Internet, and of the people who used their voices to the fullest.
But now, they will pay for it.
Will it mean the end of free speech?
Clearly, the deep state was not defeated overnight, but a loose network of hackers, researchers, alternative media outlets and long-term constituents of the 'vast rightwing conspiracy' did manage to overpower the establishment's choice of Hillary for president – and managed to embarrass the mainstream media while they were at it.
Even if they won't get everything they wanted under President-elect Trump, they proved that a number of leading websites, and quite a few underground blogs, aren't just promoting fringe views, but have become influential and often damning, even to the most high profile players. The Internet, and in particular, the alternative media, counterbalanced the mainstream effectively in 2016, and defeated their narrative.
And now, those who control the corporate-dominated flow of information want to end that competition.
As SHTF just reported :
What this year's Presidential election has proven is that alternative media is a force to be reckoned with, and the establishment is scared shitless. 
But they won't let it happen again.
[…] Today's actions by Google and Facebook provide further evidence that the establishment media and Deep State politicians are preparing a digital lock down on any and all information that has not been approved by an as of yet unknown Truth Panel. 
A Facebook spokesman said it will explicitly ban sites that traffic in fake news from using the Facebook Audience Network… Google said it plans to prevent Google ads from being placed 'on pages that misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information [as well as] sites that distribute false news.'
Though this effort may be subtle, there is every reason to think it will be brutal for free speech. It could prove to be the last laugh for Hillary Clinton, who blames her media opponents, Wikileaks hackers and even the failure of her own friends and presstitutes in the media for destroying her campaign with piles of Clinton family dirt.
Major outlets are now circulating a list of websites that have been deemed to be 'fake news' and worthy of censorship that was compiled by… you guessed it… a random community college assistant professor trolling websites they'd like to have removed because they disagree with it.
As The Daily Sheeple reported , these sites comprise of many of the biggest alternative news sites on the Internet:
Like clockwork, floating around on the Internet now is a list of these 'fake' sites authored by Melissa Zimdars, assistant professor of Media and Communications at Merrimack College.
She has deemed all of these sites as 'false, misleading, clickbait-y, and/or satirical 'news' sources'.
Just to name a few examples, The Daily Sheeple, The Free Thought Project, Infowars, Breitbart, Lew Rockwell, Before Its News , Intellihub and even CoastToCoastAM.com were flagged as 'fake news' sites that should be blocked, removed and/or censored.




As many online account holders know, there are many subtle ways of suppressing or blocking accounts, including demonitization that takes away an author's incentive. That is what Google is attempting right now by denying ad sense revenue to sites they disapprove of, while they are still the masters of quietly de-listing sites in the algorithm so that fewer people will find their links – and those being targeted may never know what happened.
Meanwhile, the State Department just refused to recognized reporters from RT at a press conference. Spokesman John Kirby got testy over a question about Syria hospital bombings and retorted: 'I'm not going to put Russia Today on the same level with the rest of you who are representing independent media outlets.' 
A major blowback is underway by the corporate, establishment media in retribution for their embarrassing failure in stage-managing a cakewalk election for Hillary Clinton. CNN's parent company Time Warner (recently bought out by AT&T) was in the top ten of Hillary's donor list , along with most of the largest Wall Street banks, Google's parent company Alphabet, Inc. and Microsoft. It is no surprise to see many of these players acting in accordance to de-list dissenters.
Considering that Donald Trump has also teamed up with Facebook board member Peter Thiel to sue critical journalists , and have proposed new legislation to make defamation laws stronger, his administration may not prove much better, despite the strong backing for his campaign by the 'alt right.'
Will these next few years be the most difficult yet for online free speech? There certainly seems to be a lot of pressure coming down from above.
Read more: 
Digital Lock Down: Google and Facebook Take Aim At 'Fake News' Websites: 'The Establishment Is Scared Sh*tless' 
List of 'Fake' News Sites for Google to Target Released; Every Alt Site You Know (Including The Daily Sheeple) Is On It 
Make No Mistake: 'Everyone Who Is Warning About Clinton Is A Target and They Are Marked' 

ARTICLE


This article was written by Michael Snyder and originally published at his Economic Collapse blog . 
Editor's Comment: As the country continues to come to terms with Trump's White House victory, it is worth keeping a sober note about the economy. Regardless of politics, the stimulus QE train is coming to an end, and there is nothing else to keep the economy alive. It seems that the megabanks are prepared to pick up the pieces, as the debt super cycle comes to term. 
What is coming will hit the American people very hard. Trump and his new party will make the perfect scapegoat, as the elites will tie rising populism to what may prove to be a new wave of the economic collapse – despite the fact that the problems are systemic and span back decades. 
11 Very Depressing Economic Realities That Donald Trump Will Inherit From Barack Obama 
by Michael Snyder
It would be a grave mistake to understate the amount of damage that has been done to the U.S. economy over the past eight years. In this article, I am going to share some economic numbers with you that are extremely sobering. Anyone that takes a cold, hard, honest look at the numbers should be able to see that our economy is in terrible shape. Unfortunately, the way that we see things is often clouded by our political views. Up until the election, Democrats were far more likely then Republicans to believe that the economy was improving, but now that is in the process of completely reversing. According to Gallup , only 16 percent of Republicans believed that the economy was getting better before the election, but that number has suddenly jumped to 49 percent after Trump's election victory. And the percentage of Democrats that believe that the economy is getting better fell from 61 percent to 46 percent after the election. Here are some additional details from Gallup …
After Trump won last week's election, Republicans and Republican-leaning independents now have a much more optimistic view of the U.S. economy's outlook than they did before the election. Just 16% of Republicans said the economy was getting better in the week before the election, while 81% said it was getting worse. Since the election, 49% say it is getting better and 44% worse. 
Conversely, Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents' confidence in the economy plummeted after the election. Before the election, 61% of Democrats said the economy was getting better and 35% worse. Now, Democrats are evenly divided, with 46% saying it is getting better and 47% saying it is getting worse. 
The truth, of course, is that the result of the election did not somehow magically alter the outlook for the U.S. economy.
We still have a giant mess on our hands, and the following are 11 very depressing economic realities that Donald Trump will inherit from Barack Obama…
#1 Nearly 7 out of every 10 Americans have less than $1,000 in savings . That means that about two-thirds of the country is essentially living paycheck to paycheck at this moment.
#2 Reuters is reporting that U.S. mall investors are poised to lose 'billions' of dollars as the ' retail apocalypse ' in this nation deepens.
#3 Credit card delinquencies have hit the highest level that we have seen since 2012 .
#4 Approximately 35 percent of all Americans have a debt that is at least 180 days past due.
#5 The rate of homeownership has fallen for eight years in a row and is now hovering near a 50 year low .
#6 The total number of government employees now outnumbers the total number of manufacturing employees in this country by almost 10 million .
#7 The number of homeless people in New York City (where Donald Trump is from) has hit a brand new record high .
#8 About 20 percent of all young adults are currently living with their parents .
#9 Total household debt in the United States has now reached a grand total of 12.3 trillion dollars .
#10 The total amount of corporate debt in the U.S. has nearly doubled since the end of 2007.
#11 When Barack Obama entered the White House, the U.S. government was 10.6 trillion dollars in debt. Today, the U.S. national debt is currently sitting at a staggering total of $19,842,173,949,869.58 .
Despite nearly doubling the national debt during his eight years in the White House, Barack Obama is going to be the only president in United States history to never have a single year when U.S. GDP grew by at least three percent.
So will Donald Trump waltz in and suddenly turn everything around?
Just like when George W. Bush was elected, there is a lot of optimism about the future right now among Republicans.
And in 2017, Republicans are going to have control of the Senate and the House in addition to being in control of the White House.
But does that mean that they will actually get anything done?
For a moment, let's review what didn't happen the last time the Republicans were in this position. The following is an extended excerpt from an article by author Devvy Kidd …
—–
The Republicans had control of both houses of Congress part of the time during Bush, Jr.'s two terms. Did they lock down our borders? NO. 
Did they pass legislation to stop ALL funding for illegals which would self-deport millions of liars, cheats and thieves? NO. (READ, please: How to Self-Deport Millions of Illegals )
Did they stop trillions in unconstitutional spending? NO. 
Did they get rid of any of Clinton's unconstitutional Executive Orders? One or two but otherwise let Comrade Bill Clinton crap in our faces.
Did they get rid of one unconstitutional cabinet like HHS, Department of Education and EPA? NO. 
Did they stop the unconstitutional foreign aid? NO. 
Did they stop unconstitutional spending for Planned Parenthood? NO. Congress just continues to use borrowed money to spend more debt.
Did they stop unconstitutional spending for the gigantic hoax called global warming or climate change? NO. Trump: The Left Just Lost The War On Climate Change 
Did Bush, Jr., get us out of all the destructive trade treaties killing American jobs? NO. 
Did they crack down on visas bringing in tens of thousands of foreign workers when American workers who want to work are left in the unemployment line? NO. 
Did they stop more and more federal regulations strangling America's businesses? NO. 
Did they impeach one single activist judge destroying our freedom and liberty? NO. 
A Republican controlled Congress with a Republican in the White House and they did virtually NOTHING to restore America to a constitutional republic and constitutional spending.
—–
So will things be any different under a Trump administration?
We shall see.
There will be tremendous pressure to maintain the status quo in many instances, because the process of fixing things would undoubtedly make conditions worse in the short-term.
A great example of this is the national debt. As I discussed yesterday , the only reason why we are able to enjoy such a massively inflated standard of living in this country is because we have been able to borrow trillions upon trillions of dollars from the rest of the world at ultra-low interest rates.
If the federal government started spending only the money that it brought in through taxes, our ridiculous debt-fueled standard of living would begin collapsing immediately.
We consume far more wealth than we produce, and the only way that we are able to do this is by borrowing insane amounts of money.
Either Donald Trump will continue to borrow money recklessly, or we will go into a major league economic downturn.
It really is that simple.
But when our politicians borrow money, they are literally destroying the future of this country. So the choice is pain in the short-term or greater pain in the long-term.
There is a way out, and that would involve shutting down the Federal Reserve and going to a completely debt-free form of money, but that is a topic for another article.
And unfortunately that is not something that is even on Donald Trump's radar at this point.
No matter who won the election, the next president was going to be faced with some very harsh economic realities.
There are many out there that have faith that Donald Trump can pull off an unprecedented economic miracle, but there are others that are deeply skeptical.
Let us hope for the best, but let us also keep preparing for the worst.
This article was written by Michael Snyder and originally published at his Economic Collapse blog . 
Michael T. Snyder is a graduate of the University of Florida law school and he worked as an attorney in the heart of Washington D.C. for a number of years. 
Today, Michael is best known for his work as the publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog and The American Dream . 
If you want to know what is coming and what you can do to prepare, read his latest book Get Prepared Now!: Why A Great Crisis Is Coming . 

ARTICLE


It may be that even with the post-election riots that have swept the country, we ain't seen nothing yet.
This country is fissuring. Its people are sharply divided, but more than that, covert finance is pushing things towards unrest and martial law.
If Soros money and its ilk proves effective, inauguration day on January 20th will become one of the largest demonstrations on record, with a group calling itself #DISRUPTJ20 planning to block 'peaceful transition' and disrupt Trump's swearing in.
The groups promoting it are calling on people nationwide to join in, and for business in D.C. to take sides and take 'direct action' and attempt to stop the parade, block streets and other delay the events as scheduled:
#DisruptJ20: Call for a bold mobilization against the inauguration of Donald Trump on January 20, 2017 
On Friday, January 20, 2017, Donald Trump will be inaugurated as President of the United States. We call on all people of good conscience to join in disrupting the ceremonies. If Trump is to be inaugurated at all, let it happen behind closed doors, showing the true face of the security state Trump will preside over. It must be made clear to the whole world that the vast majority of people in the United States do not support his presidency or consent to his rule.
[…] If there is going to be positive change in this society, we have to make it ourselves, together, through direct action. From day one, the Trump presidency will be a disaster. #DisruptJ20 will be the start of the resistance. We must take to the streets and protest, blockade, disrupt, intervene, sit in, walk out, rise up, and make more noise and good trouble than the establishment can bear. The parade must be stopped. We must delegitimize Trump and all he represents. It's time to defend ourselves, our loved ones, and the world that sustains us as if our lives depend on it—because they do.
[…]
If you can't make it to Washington, DC on January 20, take to the streets wherever you are. We call on our comrades to organize demonstrations and other actions for the night of January 20. There is also a call for a general strike to take place. Organize a walkout at your school now. Workers: call out sick and take the day off. No work, no school, no shopping, no housework.
#DisruptJ20 Spread the word. Join the fight. #DisruptJ20
Facebook: http://tinyurl.com/disruptj20
Though it remains to be seen how many will actually show up on the day and join in, the group is concerning as it is calling for violence out of the gates.
#DisruptJ20 : Call for a bold mobilization against the inauguration of Donald #Trump on January 20, 2017 pic.twitter.com/EGU65bOtNG 
— stimulator (@stimulator) November 11, 2016 

Violence Being Arranged for Trump Inauguration: Group Openly Recruiting for 'No Peaceful Transition' #disruptJ20 https://t.co/ctPHDFrHiZ 
— ✨Michelle✨ (@mrntweet2) November 12, 2016 

We can block the buses and make them late #disruptj20 get truckers to block the highways all the way there.
— 0 (@0hour) November 11, 2016 

All of these people openly planning violence need to be arrested. Domestic terrorism. #disruptj20 
— Christie Bluhm (@Christie_Bluhm) November 11, 2016 

As Dahboo77 is reporting :
Using a propaganda video packed with outright lies, the radical left is already calling for violent uprisings and is recruiting for people to violently disrupt the Presidential Inauguration on January 20. The recruiting effort is so packed full of unbelievably false information, that only a totally uniformed moron would take it seriously.

How much longer will foundation fronts have to funnel seed money until – as planned – chaos has been sown?
How many staged riots and paid provocateurs will it take until a police state response brings this country to its knees, and places it under martial law?
ARTICLE


This article was written by Claire Bernish and originally published at The Free Thought Project . 
Editor's Comment: While the powers that be are determining the fate of alternative media voices that are now branded under the dubious label 'fake news' and blacked out from online search results , it is worth keeping in mind all the disinformation and downright lies that have been perpetrated by the corporate news media – typically hand in hand with a political agenda. 
Whether it is lies that took us to war, or the perception that a deadly attack was carried out by a certain group, the impressions they create play a significant role in determining world events. Often times, that role is one of deception, ensnaring people into supporting deadly and costly actions – in spite of the true facts. 
These misleaders are the fake news, and the fake news problem has helped to ruin this country. 
5 Times Corporate Media Got Caught Publishing Fake News Causing the Death & Suffering of Millions by Claire Bernish
A now-notorious list of ostensibly 'fake' news sites — created by a liberal professor, seemingly out of thin air — spread like wildfire online in the past two days and was eagerly reprinted by corporate media presstitutes hoping to vindicate their own failed reporting on the 2016 election.
But branding perfectly legitimate outlets with the same scarlet letter as those devoid of integrity deemed the professor's list a spurious attempt to defame alternative and independent media — anyone dissenting from the left's mainstream narrative — as a whole.
This is, in no uncertain terms, a hit list — or, at least, a laughable attempt — and it fits conveniently into the establishment's burgeoning war on independent media disguised as a battle against fake news .
When corporate media outlets from the Independent and Business Insider , to the Los Angeles Times and NYMag scrambled over one another to reprint this irresponsibly contrived hit list, they proved yet again a lack of journalistic integrity — the same issue that originally caused regular subscribers to abandon them in the first place.
Indeed, in this otherwise unknown professor's foray into the world of journalism, a glaring mistake was made — the only mainstream outlets making the list were those who had heralded Bernie Sanders as the best candidate for the White House.
Such an obvious attempt to control thought could only be conjured in a totalitarian regime.
In fact, failing to place the exact corporate media organizations on the list, who for nearly a year praised fealty only to Hillary Clinton — and for decades have foisted on the public countless mendacious whoppers — constitutes a comedic lack of honesty. So, to bring that irony front and center, it's imperative to examine some mainstream lies — most of which had appalling consequences — including the deaths of hundreds of thousands of innocent people in the United States and around the world.
1. George W. Bush's Weapons of Mass Destruction 
President George W. Bush decided to unleash the full force of the U.S. military upon the world in a new policy of war writ large disguised as a war on terrorism following the attacks of September 11, 2001. First arbitrarily designating Afghanistan as its primary victim due to the supposed identities of the attackers, Bush then chose Iraq to feel the wrath, and set out to invade the country following dubious claims Saddam Hussein harbored destructive chemical and biological weapons and was actively seeking far stronger munitions.
'Intelligence gathered by this and other governments leaves no doubt that the Iraq regime continues to possess and conceal some of the most lethal weapons ever devised,' the president asserted in a public address on March 17, 2003. 'This regime has already used weapons of mass destruction against Iraq's neighbors and against Iraq's people.' 
Bush's assertions were questioned by not only human rights experts, but by U.N. weapons inspectors and countless others — so shortly after the U.S. invaded the sovereign nation, the New York Times took up the slack to fill in the appropriate casus belli .
Judith Miller notoriously reported on a source she described only as an Iraqi scientist who had seen several extensive caches of such weapons stored somewhere in the country. American weapons experts, she claimed, 'said the scientist told them that President Saddam Hussein's government had destroyed some stockpiles of deadly agents as early as the mid-1990's, transferred others to Syria, and had recently focused its efforts instead on research and development projects that are virtually impervious to detection by international inspectors, and even American forces on the ground combing through Iraq's giant weapons plants.' 
In hindsight, Miller's problematic report turned out to be horrendously flawed , and the Times spent months attempting to backtrack , but the damage — fomenting widescale public support for a war no one wanted the military to undertake — had been done. Years later in 2014, the Times — after much internal strife — again took up Miller's case, in a series reporting catastrophic injuries U.S. military personnel suffered in handling chemical weapons in Iraq. But that report, and the parroting of it by multiple other mainstream mainstays, failed to fully disclose Hussein had been oblivious to the stockpiles presence — something the CIA had clearly stated in a report .
2. Gulf of Tonkin Incident 
Often, the American mainstream media becomes a de facto government employee, taking the claims of U.S. officials and reporting them as proven fact — and nothing exemplifies this penchant better than reporting on the Gulf of Tonkin incident — perhaps one of most flagrant lies ever dreamed up as a justification for war.
On August 5, 1964, the New York Times reported 'President Johnson has ordered retaliatory action against gunboats and 'certain supporting facilities in North Vietnam' after renewed attacks against American destroyers in the Gulf of Tonkin.' Additional outlets, such as the Washington Post , echoed this claim.
But it wasn't true. At all. In fact, the Gulf of Tonkin incident, as it became known, turned out to be a fictitious creation courtesy of the government to escalate war in Vietnam — leading to the deaths of tens of thousands of U.S. troops and millions of Vietnamese, fomenting the largest anti-war movement in American history, and tarnishing the reputation of a nation once considered at least somewhat noble in the eyes of the world.
In 2010, more than 1,100 transcripts from the Vietnam era were released, proving Congress and officials raised serious doubts about the information fed to them by the Pentagon and White House. But while this internal grumbling took place, mainstream media dutifully reported official statements as if the veracity of the information couldn't be disputed.
Tom Wells, author of the exhaustive exposé 'The War Within: America's Battle Over Vietnam,' explained the media egregiously erred in 'almost exclusive reliance on U.S. government officials as sources of information' and 'reluctance to question official pronouncements on 'national security issues.'' 
If due diligence had been performed, and reporters had raised appropriate doubts about the Gulf of Tonkin false flag, it's arguable whether support for the contentious war would have lasted as long as it did.
3. Suppression of brutality perpetrated in Bahrain during the Arab Spring 
CNN sent reporter Amber Lyon and a crew to U.S. ally Bahrain for a documentary about technology's role in the 2011 people's uprising known as the Arab Spring, ultimately titled ' iRevolution: Online Warriors of the Arab Spring ' — but what they encountered instead bore the hallmarks of a repressive and violent regime, and its attempt to filter and censor the truth. Lyon and the other CNN reporters went to great lengths to speak with sources participating in the massive uprising — one the Bahraini government wished to quash at all costs.
'By the time the CNN crew arrived,' the Guardian reported , 'many of the sources who had agreed to speak to them were either in hiding or had disappeared. Regime opponents whom they interviewed suffered recriminations, as did ordinary citizens who worked with them as fixers. Leading human rights activist Nabeel Rajab was charged with crimes shortly after speaking to the CNN team. A doctor who gave the crew a tour of his village and arranged meetings with government opponents, Saeed Ayyad, had his house burned to the ground shortly after. Their local fixer was fired ten days after working with them.' 
Even the CNN crew experienced the wrath of the regime, upon showing up to interview one source, the Guardian continued, ''20 heavily-armed men', whose faces were 'covered with black ski masks', 'jumped from military vehicles', and then 'pointed machine guns at' the journalists, forcing them to the ground. The regime's security forces seized their cameras and deleted their photos and video footage, and then detained and interrogated them for the next six hours.' 
After returning to the U.S., Lyon felt it her duty to expose the abuse being perpetrated by the government of an ally nation — but CNN International didn't agree. CNN U.S. eventually aired the one-hour documentary. Once. CNN International never did — worse, the organization gave Lyon the cold shoulder, ignoring her repeated requests to return to Bahrain, which would have put CNN ahead of the game in reporting government brutality. Its failure to air the documentary and refusal to provide justification for doing so angered seasoned CNN and other mainstream established journalists across the board.
Lyon met with CNN International president Tony Maddox twice — he first promised to investigate why the documentary wasn't aired, and then turned against her, warning the journalist not to discuss the matter publicly. Bahraini officials contacted CNN International repeatedly complaining about Lyon's continued reporting on what she'd witnessed. Intimidation continued until she was eventually laid off, putatively for an unrelated matter.
Attempting to save face, CNN International rebuffed the Guardian 's account and interview with Lyon — but the effort was an impotent justification for the obvious failure of integrity.
But threats for Lyon to remain silent followed her off the job, and when she persisted in exposing the Bahraini regime, as well as the suppression by CNN , the outlet sent a stern warning to halt. Lyon, however, said she had never signed a non-disclosure agreement and would not be pressured into their lies — ultimately walking away reputation in hand — something that could not be said for CNN .
4. That time Fox News hired a CIA operative who wasn't a CIA operative 
Wayne Shelby Simmons made guest appearances on Fox News as a security expert with insider expertise from his work as a CIA operative — for over a decade. However, Simmons had never been employed by the agency — in fact, the imposter's lies eventually caught up with him and he was arrested and sentenced to 33 months in prison .
'Instead of verifying whether Simmons had actually worked for the CIA, Fox News and the Agency allowed him to make fools out of Bill O'Reilly , Sean Hannity , Andrew Napolitano , Neil Cavuto , and everyone at Fox & Friends for over the last twelve years. After building a false reputation as a CIA agent on Fox News, Simmons obtained an interim security clearance when an unnamed government contractor hired him in 2008. Simmons also falsely claimed on national security forms that his prior arrests and criminal convictions were directly related to his supposed intelligence work for the CIA , and that he had previously held a top secret security clearance from 1973 to 2000,' The Free Thought Project 's Andrew Emett explained .
In other words, mainstream Fox News didn't bother with journalism at all — proffering fake expertise as the real deal — because the outlet failed the most basic of tasks any hourly wage employer would perform.
Simmons' commentaries weren't harmless stabs in the dark, either — relentlessly parroting baseless Islamophobic rhetoric to drum up support for the government's insidious war on terror likely poisoned the minds of thousands of viewers, furthering the already divisive atmosphere in the U.S.
5. Vapid anti-marijuana propaganda and the furtherance of the war on drugs 
According to the Drug Policy Alliance, over $51 billion is spent fighting the war on drugs in the United States — each year. In 2015, a striking 38.6 percent of all arrests for drug possession were for cannabis — 643,121 people were arrested for marijuana-related offenses.
What those figures don't show are the millions of lives ruined by criminal conviction for the government's unjustifiable quest to eradicate, demonize, and vilify this beneficial plant. It would be an impossible task to tally the number of families whose homes have been destroyed by SWAT teams searching for marijuana — whether or not police bothered to verify an address . An untold number of others have been slain by police for the same reason.
But worst of all, the mainstream media propagates nonsensical, false propaganda about cannabis to convince the gullible and ignorant among us to equate it with heroin, cocaine, and other 'illicit' substances. And while a majority of the populace has seen through such lies, some outlets have obstinately continued the drug war — seemingly of their own volition.
One stunning example occurred in March last year, when Dr. David Samadi made a guest appearance on Fox News to fearmonger the horrors of marijuana and scare the bejeezus out of the viewing audience.
'It actually causes heart attacks. It increases your heart rate. And on and on,' Samadi claimed , fecklessly distorting statistics. 'We're seeing in Colorado that we had 13 kids that came to the emergency [room] and ended up in the ICU as a result of overdose from marijuana. Now we have crack babies coming in because pregnant women are smoking this whole marijuana business.' 
Fortunately, the Internet has provided the public with alternatives to these corporate media lies — and as of two years ago, despite these and other claims about pot being a dangerous substance, Pew Research Center found fully 69 percent of the population felt alcohol was more harmful than cannabis.
* * * 
While this list presents only a few of the bigger lies of the corporate press, there are innumerable examples of its proud history of actual fake news. Keep these in mind when the mainstream presstitutes rush to reprint a hit list targeting journalists and outlets whose narratives counter the establishment. Indeed, it would be the corporate media — with its vast captive audience — who most deserves to be listed as propagators of lies.
This article was written by Claire Bernish and originally published at The Free Thought Project . 
ARTICLE

Why Was A Mysterious Navy Plane Conducting 'Secret Electronic Command/Control Drill' Over Denver? Mac Slavo SHTFplan.com Read by 2 people 
It seems that the U.S. military is geared up for a permanent cyber war with the people and various governments of this globe. 
Though tensions with Russia may have been temporarily alleviated with the election of Donald Trump – who has signaled for peace with Putin – the long game is much more complicated. 
With new powers in Washington taking shape in the next administration, one faction in government was quietly, subtly parading its power. 
The Continuity of Government contingent of the shadow government will not be taken out of power by any mere election, and no matter what decisions Trump makes and no matter what inflammatory remark he may make, there are those who will still have their finger on the button. And that means a tremendous amount of power. 
Residents in the Denver area were presented with a mysterious white plane that flew in a 'racetrack pattern' for more than an hour above the city before it landed at Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma, where the aircraft – what the Navy has now disclosed to be an E-6B – is housed. 
Here's the bizarre route that observers tracked, and the Navy was later forced to confirm: 'Mysterious' plane circling over Denver was 'just' an E-6B Mercury 'doomsday' plane https://t.co/SqJlBkdIqg pic.twitter.com/oE0BBWrhFL 
— The Aviationist (@TheAviationist) November 17, 2016 
It's mission remains classified, but military officials admit a drill was underway… 
via ABC 7 Denver : 
A plane shrouded in mystery captured the attention of thousands on Wednesday. Nobody knew why a high-altitude plane circled the City of Denver for hours. Now the Navy has some answers. 
Denver7 tracked IRON99 as it traveled from the West Coast to Oklahoma, where it eventually landed at Tinker Air Force Base, however it spent roughly an hour in Denver, circling in a racetrack-style holding pattern over the city. 
Denver7 branded it a mystery in a previous report because officials from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), U.S. Northern Command (NORTHCOM), U.S. Strategic Command (STRATCOM), North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and a dozen Air Force Bases could not confirm what the flight may have been. 
A day later — after the plane landed — Navy officials… confirmed IRON99's identity is a Navy E-6B Mercury, created by Boeing at a cost of $141.7 million per unit. 
The unit's overall mission is classified, Hubbell said, [elaborating that] the E-6B is 'command, control and communications abilities to direct and employ strategic resources.' 
[…] the planes are able to launch nuclear missiles and communicate with diverse assets, including nuclear submarines. 
[…] a high-ranking federal official … said the plane was involved in a classified training mission organized by the Department of Defense. 
The training mission reportedly centered around electronic surveillance and involved several agencies which aren't likely to comment on the mission, the source said. 
Given that the E-6B deals with 'command, control and communications,' as well as electronic surveillance and communications with nuclear submarines and other assets that could launch nuclear war… one can assume that a major mission is in rehearsal – to take charge of the nation's vital weapons and resources in the event of a catastrophic emergency, break down in order or disabling of the power structure in Washington. 
A similar E-4B was spotted flying above the capital on the morning of September 11th, shortly after the attacks. It was reportedly conducting a drill, but later instructed to prepare to go active as a mobile command center. Both planes deal with sensitive electronics communications involving, at least in part, nuclear launch codes and military continuity in the event of a breakdown of order. 
DOOMSDAY PLANES It is important to note that the E-4B is no ordinary aircraft. It is a militarized version of a Boeing 747-200, equipped with advanced communications equipment, and capable of carrying a crew of up to 112 people. Nicknamed 'Doomsday' planes during the Cold War, E-4Bs serve the president, the secretary of defense, and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. In times of national emergency, they can act as highly-survivable command, control, and communications centers to direct forces, execute war orders, and coordinate actions by civil authorities. The U.S. military possesses four of them in total. One is always kept on alert, with a full battle staff. Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska is the 'Main Operating Base' for the E-4B, though there are also numerous 'Forward Operating Bases' (FOB) throughout the U.S. [7] 
Here's the reported layout of the E-6B, upgraded for the cutting edge of electronic warfare: 
In the current context, there are perhaps three distinct fronts that this command unit could have theater over. COMMUNICATIONS BLACKOUT – The E-6B's communications and control powers could be used to disrupt or disable electronic communications in the population over a given city or area. With sensitive military installations near Colorado Springs, the plane could have blacked out much of the Denver area accordingly with the situation. This CoG plane has dominance over the civilian population, and can bring their ordinary activities to a halt. Surveillance, data collection and 'drone detection' may have also been objectives of this drill and real-life activities. CHECK AGAINST AGGRESSION – The E-6B's capabilities are a powerful counterbalance to possible hostile intentions on the part of Russia, China or other adversaries. As SHTF has often highlighted, modern warfare is based around the use of electromagnetic fields, communications jamming and, potentially, the use of an EMP to knock out electronics. Depending upon the potential situation, the ranking U.S. official on board or in communication with this plane could launch nuclear weapons, communicate with SSBN submarines around the globe or deny airspace to a conflicting force. TRUMP CARD FOR THE COG – Symbolically, at least, the E-6B, conducting a drill a week or so after the election sends a message to the President-elect, and perhaps to his constituents as well, that there are limits to the power of a president. While Trump's power is theoretically capped by the Constitution's checks and balances, in the real world, the Continuity of Goverment (CoG) structure has operational superiority over any president, and perhaps they wanted to signal to Trump here (or perhaps not). If any president 'gets out of line' or starts to 'believe they are truly in charge', this plane can override their ego and maintain the dominance of the status quo… it is a potential coup in motion. 
This is the true face of the ruling elite. This is the system they maintain, and anything below this threshold is not truly in charge. 
This what democracy looks like, when you strip away the silly game of voting, candidates and campaigns. 
This is the military industrial complex that Eisenhower warned us about. 
Read more:
ARTICLE


This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
Editor's Comment: Though his administration is still taking shape, President-elect Trump may be able to claim his first tangible victory. Though Ford Motors were resistant to Trump's trade policy positions and threatened to move jobs to Mexico, the CEO has now announced that, instead, production will remain American. 
Is Trump pulling televangelist-style miracles – with arrangements ahead of time in the back room – or is he making things happen because he is in a position to make good on his policy promises? Either way, Ford and other big companies will be keeping optics in mind when they decide whether or not to play ball with the wild card Trump administration (at this point, still to be). If this actually becomes the trend, perhaps there is a lot of positive that can be done for the economy, and perhaps good paying jobs can return for struggling working class Americans. Only time will tell, but he hasn't even assumed office yet. 
Ford CEO Folds? Trump Confirms Carmaker Won't Move Production To Mexico 
by Tyler Durden
Just hours after Ford CEO complained of the 'huge impact' of Donald Trump's proposed trade plans, following the company's plan to move a substantial portion of its passenger-car production to Mexico from a factory in Michigan, Donald Trump tweeted 'Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky — no Mexico,' seemingly winning his first 'america-first' victory.
As WSJ reported yesterday, Ford Motor Co. Chief Executive Mark Fields issued a warning about President-elect Donald Trump's proposed trade policies, saying high tariffs on automobiles and other products coming into the U.S. would be a blow to the auto industry and broader U.S. economy.
Mr. Fields, speaking with reporters on the sidelines of the Los Angeles Auto Show on Tuesday, said Ford has talked to Mr. Trump's transition team and believes the company can work with the new administration. During a separate interview, he said, 'We all share the same objective; we want a vibrant and healthy U.S. economy.' 
The two sides, however, appear to be at odds on how to achieve that goal.
Ford's plan to move a substantial portion of its passenger-car production to Mexico from a factory in Michigan was heavily criticized by Mr. Trump on the campaign trail. Like many of its rivals, Ford is building more-profitable light trucks in the U.S. while investing in new capacity in Mexico to produce lower-margin small cars.
And then hours later, Donald Trump tweeted…
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky – no Mexico
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2016 

I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2016 

Which was followed by a statement from Ford confirming Trump's comment…
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 

ARTICLE


This article was written by Alice Salles and originally published at The Anti-Media.org . 
Editor's Comment: Is it really any wonder that the most dangerous leaders in society, and their cadre of supporters, are always urging everyone to vote? Democracy has been sanctified because of its symbolic indication that the will and the voice of the people is being considered. Grand sweeping sentiments, 'democracy,' the 'American way' and so forth. But perhaps it is a model that never could live up to the needs of society… if voting just means picking the personality of your dictator, then there is noting to vote for. 
Not sure all the things asserted in this article should be implemented either, but it is worth keeping mind that the population and size of the societies that first instituted democracy in Ancient Greece, etc. have little in common with the easily divided, multi-dimensional population base in the United States – with a whopping 315,000,000+ people being represented by 1-of-2 presidential candidates, and 535 people in Congress. 
The most populous state in the U.S., California, is represented by 2 Senators – at a ratio of about 1 to 19 million, and each of its 53 representatives in Congress theoretically represent the views of more than 700,000 people. In Wyoming, the least populous U.S. state, 1 House member represents about a half million people, and each of their 2 senators represent about 232,00o people. Anyway you slice it, no matter what system or values you believe in, that's a lot of people being represented by a very few… and almost none of those representatives are able to resist corruption, avoid tainted lobbyist money or uphold their promises to voters. So you tell me what the solution is? 
Mathematicians Prove Society is Way Too Complex to Have A President 
by Alice Salles
Mathematics, a report published by Vice 's Motherboard prior to Election Day suggests, proves society is so complex that democracies have been rendered irrelevant.
According to a study carried out by mathematicians at the New England Complex Systems Institute (NECSI), it is difficult for government entities or single individuals to debate what these mathematicians call 'social policy' if the goal is to find something that works for everyone. Once we consider that members of any society are simply too complex, the study suggests, we are able to understand that the systems of government currently available fail to meet our expectations.
While the implications of this complexity are myriad, one of the issues more broadly discussed in the study revolves around government's own inability to address this complexity, no matter how you slice it.
' [T]he concept of civilization as a complex organism ,' mathematicians concluded , ' is qualitatively different than either [democracy or communism] .'
Why Complexity Matters 
According to NECSI's director, Yaneer Bar-Yam, ' [t]here's a natural process of increasing complexity in the world ' that at some point will ' run into the complexity of the individual .' Once we reach that point, Bar-Yam added, ' hierarchical organizations will fail .'
Bar-Yam's team seems to have learned that concentrating the power to organize society in the hands of a few individuals is absurd. After all, optimal decisions targeting society cannot be made by a group of individuals detached from it. This is precisely because issues are better dealt with by those who are affected by it.
' We were raised to believe that democracy, and even the democracy that we have, is a system that has somehow inherent good to it ,' Bar-Yam told Motherboard . But democracies alone are not the only problem, he added. All hierarchical organizations fail ' [to respond] to decision-making challenges. And this is true whether we're talking about dictatorships, or communism that had very centralized control processes, and for representative democracies today. '
Because representative democracies ' focus power in one or few individuals ,' Bar-Yam concluded , ' those systems [are] ineffective .'
Human Complexity, 'Human Action,' and How They Relate 
While this analysis may sound like common sense, it becomes increasingly interesting as researchers discuss a more nuclear element of this complexity: the individual.
' An individual human is made up of atoms, which make up cells, which make up organs, and so on ,' writes Jason Koebler of Motherboard . ' Describing the behavior of each individual atom is incredibly difficult ,' he added. But describing ' collective behaviors ,' Koebler added, ' [is] inherently more 'simple' than individual ones, … Describing the behavior of atoms is more complex than describing the collective behavior of the many atoms that make up a human being .' With this analogy, Koebler adds that ' [p]redicting the specific behavior of a car factory worker in his day to day life is much harder than predicting that he and a collective of other people will produce cars at the factory .'
Because a ' control hierarchy is designed to enable a single individual to control the collective behavior ,' governments are not the answer. Instead, Bar-Yam explained , ' coordination occurs because individuals influence each other's' behavior .'
Government, then, is an ' attempt to organize the behavior of many individually complex humans into something simpler and more coherent ,' Koebler observes — and it's incredibly bad at it.
Despite the incredible 'discoveries' made by Bar-Yam and his team of mathematicians, the complexity of human individuality has already been deeply explored in the past.
Praxeology is the study of purposeful behavior , or 'human action.'
In 1949, economist Ludwig von Mises wrote a treatise on this scientific study, simply naming it Human Action . In his book, Mises argues that the individual acts in order to achieve an end he or she subjectively values, making human action an intentional act. While not all human behavior is purposeful, praxeology's core axiom is that human beings exist and act for a reason. In other words :
'Action is will put into operation and transformed into an agency, is aiming at ends and goals, is the ego's meaningful response to stimuli and to the conditions of its environment, is a person's conscious adjustment to the state of the universe that determines his life.' 
Because action is speculative, Mises adds , outsiders are incapable of knowing what will happen. And while natural sciences are capable of predicting the results of specific actions, the future cannot be predicted as a whole.
Whether you're looking at a group of people with common traits or an event that has similar elements from other events of the past, Mises explains , decisions are always made with incomplete knowledge. Since economics deals with the action of humans attempting to satisfy their desires through the exchange of goods and services — making this social science a study in human action — we can safely say Mises understood human complexity long before Bar-Yam discussed this growing problem with Motherboard .
Despite what many think of nowadays when discussing liberalism , Mises explains in his book that the ' social philosophy of eighteenth-century [known then as] rationalism and liberalism … does not resort to any miraculous interference of superhuman powers .'
Instead, Mises writes in another book, Epistemological Problems of Economics , classical liberalism hopes to 'lead to lasting well-being [for all] ' by never resorting to government intervention of any kind.
After all, Mises writes in Human Action , government always ' means … coercion and compulsion and is by necessity the opposite of liberty .'
Combining his insight with what mathematicians have now proven, it's safe to say societies rely on individuals to succeed. When governments act on behalf of society, groups of individuals in power may believe they know the answers to society's problems. But acting without firsthand knowledge means acting without the goals of every single individual in mind.
As Bar-Yam concluded in his study, complexities make it difficult for centralized governments to act efficiently. And Mises agreed with that conclusion over 60 years ago. But Mises also offered a very different solution.
While Bar-Yam wants to see a ' more laterally-organized system of governance in which tons of small teams specialize in certain policies, and then those teams work together to ultimately make decisions ,' Mises argues for the absence of government interference, leaving all decisions to society.
As the majority of Americans get tired of politics, choosing not to vote in record numbers and allowing the minority to pick the commander-in-chief , it's clear that Americans understand — even if subconsciously — that picking leaders doesn't matter.
Living life as an individual and being allowed to navigate its risks and successes without government interference, on the other hand, does.
This article was written by Alice Salles and originally published at The Anti-Media.org . 
ARTICLE


This article was written by Michael Snyder and originally published at his Economic Collapse blog . 
Editor's Comment: The past many months have carried a lot of noise about the coming crash, about a tipping point that may be fast approaching. The economics are simply giving way, and they can't hold the illusion forever. Now that Donald Trump will be calling the shots, the money powers can usher in collapse if they wish, and have ready their scapegoat. It won't just be Trump the man or the president, but the people who elected him, who backed Brexit and who gave up on their system. They people who let loose the chaos that now consumes us. 
Their rage, their anger and their desperation is brewing unrest. The ascent of populism in the political arena has put the establishment in retreat, and revealed, at last, a most dangerous atmosphere, from which collapse can properly precipitate … one in which all regulatory steadiness on the part of the system has been thrown off balance and out of whack by popular revolt. By the time the hammer falls, and the markets fall to the ground, the people rioting in the streets and losing their civility when ATMs stop working and store shelves go empty – these people will become the face of the disaster. The banks have been planning the next rise and fall for sometime; the next phase is all digital, and tightly monitored and controlled. 
We Are Being Set Up For Higher Interest Rates, A Major Recession And A Giant Stock Market Crash 
by Michael Snyder
Since Donald Trump's victory on election night we have seen the worst bond crash in 15 years . Global bond investors have seen trillions of dollars of wealth wiped out since November 8th, and analysts are warning of another tough week ahead. The general consensus in the investing community is that a Trump administration will mean much higher inflation, and as a result investors are already starting to demand higher interest rates. Unfortunately for all of us, history has shown that higher interest rates always cause an economic slowdown. And this makes perfect sense, because economic activity naturally slows down when it becomes more expensive to borrow money. The Obama administration had already set up the next president for a major recession anyway, but now this bond crash threatens to bring it on sooner rather than later.
For those that are not familiar with the bond market, when yields go up bond prices go down. And when bond prices go down, that is bad news for economic growth.
So we generally don't want yields to go up.
Unfortunately, yields have been absolutely soaring over the past couple of weeks, and the yield on 10 year Treasury notes has now jumped 'one full percentage point since July' …
The 10-year Treasury yield jumped to 2.36% in late trading on Friday, the highest since December 2015, up 66 basis point since the election, and up one full percentage point since July!
The 10-year yield is at a critical juncture. In terms of reality, the first thing that might happen is a rate increase by the Fed in December, after a year of flip-flopping. A slew of post-election pronouncements by Fed heads – including Yellen's 'relatively soon' – have pushed the odds of a rate hike to 98%.
As I noted the other day , so many things in our financial system are tied to yields on U.S. Treasury notes. Just look at what is happening to mortgages. As Wolf Richter has noted , the average rate on 30 year mortgages is shooting into the stratosphere…
The carnage in bonds has consequences. The average interest rate of the a conforming 30-year fixed mortgage as of Friday was quoted at 4.125% for top credit scores. That's up about 0.5 percentage point from just before the election, according to Mortgage News Daily . It put the month 'on a short list of 4 worst months in more than a decade.' 
If mortgage rates continue to shoot higher, there will be another housing crash.
Rates on auto loans, credit cards and student loans will also be affected. Throughout our economic system it will become much more costly to borrow money, and that will inevitably slow the overall economy down.
Why bond investors are so on edge these days is because of statements such as this one from Steve Bannon …
In a nascent administration that seems, at best, random in its beliefs, Bannon can seem to be not just a focused voice, but almost a messianic one:
'Like [Andrew] Jackson's populism, we're going to build an entirely new political movement,' he says. 'It's everything related to jobs. The conservatives are going to go crazy. I'm the guy pushing a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan. With negative interest rates throughout the world, it's the greatest opportunity to rebuild everything. Ship yards, iron works, get them all jacked up. We're just going to throw it up against the wall and see if it sticks. It will be as exciting as the 1930s, greater than the Reagan revolution — conservatives, plus populists, in an economic nationalist movement.'
Steve Bannon is going to be one of the most influential voices in the new Trump administration, and he is absolutely determined to get this 'trillion dollar infrastructure plan' through Congress.
And that is going to mean a lot more borrowing and a lot more spending for a government that is already on pace to add 2.4 trillion dollars to the national debt this fiscal year.
Sadly, all of this comes at a time when the U.S. economy is already starting to show significant signs of slowing down. It is being projected that we will see a sixth straight decline in year-over-year earnings for the S&P 500, and industrial production has now contracted for 14 months in a row .
The truth is that the economy has been barely treading water for quite some time now, and it isn't going to take much to push us over the edge. The following comes from Lance Roberts …
With an economy running at below 2%, consumers already heavily indebted, wage growth weak for the bulk of American's, there is not a lot of wiggle room for policy mistakes.
Combine weak economics with higher interest rates, which negatively impacts consumption, and a stronger dollar, which weighs on exports, and you have a real potential of a recession occurring sooner rather than later. 
Yes, the stock market soared immediately following Trump's election, but it wasn't because economic conditions actually improved.
If you look at history, a stock market crash almost always follows a major bond crash. So if bond prices keep declining rapidly that is going to be a very ominous sign for stock traders.
And history has also shown us that no bull market can survive a major recession. If the economy suffers a major downturn early in the Trump administration, it is inevitable that stock prices will follow.
The waning days of the Obama administration have set us up perfectly for higher interest rates, a major recession and a giant stock market crash.
Of course any problems that occur after January 20th, 2017 will be blamed on Trump, but the truth is that Obama will be far more responsible for what happens than Trump will be.
Right now so many people have been lulled into a sense of complacency because Donald Trump won the election.
That is an enormous mistake.
A shaking has already begun in the financial world, and this shaking could easily become an avalanche.
Now is not a time to party. Rather, it is time to batten down the hatches and to prepare for very rough seas ahead.
All of the things that so many experts warned were coming may have been delayed slightly, but without a doubt they are still on the way.
So get prepared while you still can, because time is running out.
This article was written by Michael Snyder and originally published at his Economic Collapse blog . 
Michael T. Snyder is a graduate of the University of Florida law school and he worked as an attorney in the heart of Washington D.C. for a number of years. 
Today, Michael is best known for his work as the publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog and The American Dream . 
If you want to know what is coming and what you can do to prepare, read his latest book Get Prepared Now!: Why A Great Crisis Is Coming . 

ARTICLE


With everything online, nothing is safe from criminals.
Every ATM and every device is potentially hackable, and now a string of banks in Asia is learning the hard way that many people will go to great lengths in order to hit jackpot.
Gangs are now taking advantage of system exploits, and have hatched a scheme to infiltrate banks' code and turn on the automatic ATM dispenser, letting the cash flow freely out of the machine – dramatic, and dangerous.
The whole system open to fraud, manipulation and outright theft; and as thieves become more organized, sophisticated rings are targeting not just individual accounts, individual customers or individual supply sources, but rather they are opening up the gates to the bank vaults themselves – in a way that was never possible in the old days.
via WSJ :
Cybercriminals who once earned millions by breaking into individual online bank accounts are now targeting the banks' own computers, with often-dramatic results. 
In Taiwan and Thailand earlier this year, the criminals programmed bank ATMs to spew cash. Gang members stood in front of the machines at the appointed hour and collected millions of dollars. 
Earlier this month, the Federal Bureau of Investigation warned U.S. banks of the potential for similar attacks.
The FBI said in a bulletin that it is 'monitoring emerging reports indicating that well-resourced and organized malicious cyber actors have intentions to target the U.S. financial sector.' 
The FBI bulletin cited software used by a Russian gang known as Buhtrap. Sometimes the hackers break into the systems that process transactions on banking payment networks; other times they have hit ATM networks directly.
[…]
'These guys, who could have been in the past just going after consumers…are breaking into financial institutions,' said Eric Chien, technical director of Symantec Corp.'s Security Technology and Response division.
The computer code to carry out the attacks was released earlier this year by a disgruntled Buhtrap member… 
It seems that ample evidence exists that the powers that be shouldn't be wrapping everything up in the grid, and yet they are.
While they kinds of events reinforce the reasons that we shouldn't invest everything in the banks, or trust the system to be there when we need it, but rather to hedge into cash, commodities, barter and as much self-reliance as one could muster.
This is the clearest reason yet in the news cycle as to why you shouldn't be keeping your money at the bank – certainly not more than you could bear to lost in a crisis.
With every new crisis, the system will position for more control, selling cyber security, enhancing biometrics and security questions, but the same fatal flaws remain: too much centralized power over everyone's finances… and too easy for people to take advantage of it all in one place.
Governments can't be trusted with all that power and data, and neither should the banks – if only because bad people can then get what they want.
We're walking on eggshells of a fragile system… and its illusion of strength is one of its most dangerous appeals, false security.
Read more: 
The Lock Down Has Begun: JP Morgan Restricts ATM Cash Withdrawals 
Intelligence Insider: How To Protect Your Assets From Critical Infrastructure Failure: 'Power Grid, Banking System, Cyber Financial Warfare' 
This is Why You Need Your Money Out of the Bank: Freeze Outs, Glitches and Holds Increasingly Locking Customers Out of Funds 
How to Hide Your Money Where the Bankers Won't Find It 
What Guns? What Gold? Prepper Tips On 'Hiding Your Guns in Plain Sight' 
Future Money: Why The State Is Trying to Outlaw 'Disruptive' Cryptocurrency 

ARTICLE

SNL has a place to go where you'll never be triggered and will always have a safe space just in case you are:

ARTICLE


This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
Editor's Comment: President Obama poured on the spigot of debt for eight years, at a faster rate than all his predecessors, with the cup running over. 
This massive pile of debt was accumulated at zero percent interest rates, but that certainly isn't where rates will stay. 
Failed policies and a very harsh turning of the screw against the population has made raising interest rates at the Federal Reserve inevitable… for a couple of years now, Janet Yellen has been merely waiting for the right time, which many have speculated was waiting on the results of the election. 
Now, the enormous cost of the national debt will be further inflated by the steeper price at which it must be repaid, despite the fact that the money was lent by the very central bank institution that is supposed to serve this country. Misunderstanding the relationship has only made things more difficult, and hopelessly uphill.. 
Nassim 'Black Swan' Taleb Sums Up Obama's Legacy In 3 Painfully 'Real' Tweets 
by Tyler Durden
Having previously exposed the 'intellectual-yet-idiot' class , Nassim Taleb unleashes his acerbic tone in 3 painfully 'real news' tweets on President Obama's legacy…
Obama:
Protected banksters (largest bonus pool in 2010)
'Helped' Libya
Served AlQaeda/SaudiBarbaria(Syria & Yemen) https://t.co/bcNMhDgmuo 
— NassimNicholasTaleb (@nntaleb) November 19, 2016 

2) (Cont) But in the end what Obama did that is unforgivable is increasing centralization in a complex system.
— NassimNicholasTaleb (@nntaleb) November 19, 2016 

3) Don't fughet Obama is leaving us a Ponzi scheme, added ~8 trillions in debt with rates at 0. If they rise, costs of deficit explode…
— NassimNicholasTaleb (@nntaleb) November 20, 2016 

How long before Taleb is banned from Twitter for such 'hate-speak'?
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
ARTICLE


This article was written by Paul Joseph Watson and originally published at Infowars.com . 
Editor's Comment: The blowback from Team Hillary, over their rage and anger at losing the election continues to build, and it is reaching an unsettling point. All sides seem determined to drag out their differences into the street, but not before first attempting to overthrow the electoral college. 
Since the election, people have been lobbying – or bullying – individual electors in various states, and have left angry, threatening messages and worse. Ironically, those who have threatened violence and attempted to insist on altering the results of the election are trying to convince the electors that Donald Trump is unfit to be president because of his divisive and offensive comments, and his tendency to attack various groups. 
More Electors Get Death Threats From Hillary Voters 
by Paul Joseph Watson
A member of the electoral commission in Texas says his colleagues are getting death threats as angry Hillary supporters ramp up the pressure before electors cast their vote on December 19th.

Hillary voters around the country are bombarding electors with emails, some of them threatening, in an effort to force them to vote against the outcome of the presidential election.
'At first everyone was kinda enchanted by it. Now all the electors are starting to get beaten down. There are some electors who have been threatened with harm or with death,' Texas elector Alex Kim told NBC 5. 
'When people ask me to vote for Hillary Clinton, there's no way,' he said. 'I reject the Democratic Party principles and I reject Hillary Clinton.'
Kim said he had a message for all the people who are trying to pressure him into changing his vote; 'Go to hell'.
As we previously reported , another elector in Michigan said he has also received a number of death threats, including a promise that he would be shot in the head if he voted for Trump.
'I've had people talk about shoving a gun in my mouth and blowing my brains out. And I've received dozens and dozens of those emails. Even the non-threatening-my-life emails are very aggressive,' Michael Banerian told the Detroit News, adding that he has been labeled a 'hateful bigot' by the same people who are violently threatening him.
A petition to demand electors change their vote to Clinton has also surpassed 4.5 million signatures.
Meanwhile on Twitter, Hillary supporters are organizing on how to pressure electors under the hashtag #HamiltonElectors , a reference to Mike Pence being lectured by a cast member of the musical show.
Unfortunately for them, conservatives found the hashtag and have now largely taken it over to decry leftists attempting to overturn the results of a democratic election.
This article was written by Paul Joseph Watson and originally published at Infowars.com . 
ARTICLE

Read by 353 people 
One of the worst case scenarios is happening again. 
According to reports, Fukushima is being struck again by a tsunami after a large 7.4 earthquake – just updated from reports of a 7.3 earthquake – struck off the main island directly in front of the Fukushima Prefecture where the beleaguered TEPCO nuclear plant is situated. 
via CNN : A tsunami warning is in effect for Japan's Fukushima Prefecture after a 7.3-magnitude earthquake struck off Honshu at 5:59 a.m. Tuesday (3:59 p.m. Monday ET), according to the Japan Meteorological Agency.A tsunami wave of 1-3 meters (3-10 feet) is possible, according to the agency. 
Numerous aftershocks, somewhere in the range of 5.0 to 5.4 are being widely reported as well. 
According to RT , that tsunami has advanced and has now affected the cooling system at Fukushima. Seriously – this is reportedly happening! Fukushima reactor cooling system stops following quake & tsunami 
The cooling system of the third reactor at the Fukushima nuclear power plant has stopped circulating water following a powerful 7.3 offshore earthquake. 
Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) told national broadcaster NHK that the cooling system in the Reactor 3 spent fuel pool stopped working. Japan's national nuclear agency has confirmed that the temperature rise in the pool is 'gradual.' The exact cause of the cooling system stoppage is currently unknown. However, the system might have been 'shaken' during the earthquake, according to nuclear agency officials, as reported by NHK. No cooling water leaks or any other 'abnormalities' have been reported. According to NHK, cooling equipment for the spent nuclear fuel pool in the reactor No. 3 of Tepco's Fukushima No. 2 power plant has stopped. 
— The Japan Times (@japantimes) November 21, 2016 
There may still be large waves – potentially as big as 10 feet – that hit the shores of Japan, though the size and extend, and the potential scope of the damage and/or loss of life remains to be seen. 
On March 11, 2011 a 9.0 magnitude earthquake struck near Japan and triggered an enormous and devastating tsunami that crippled the nuclear power plant, and exposed that world's oceans and biosphere to potential contamination. 
Fukushima is already an open wound but these new events could exacerbate the problems – or magnify them. 
That's why it is so completely disturbing that the powers that be never properly fixed the problems that were still ongoing after years. The situation at Fukushima Daiichi was never fully contained, and the reactors continued to leak; there is no way to stop the reactions or disable the rods. The authorities simply lied and killed all the press coverage, forcing silence on the issue, except for the online blogosphere, where the issue has lived on as a hotly debated topic that people believe is causing health problems and environmental issues on a widespread basis. RT: Video of blast at Fukushima nuke plant, radiation leak reported 2013:Fukushima Nuclear Disaster Going From Horrible To Horrendous 
But whatever has been swept under the rug is likely to come to the forefront if a new tsunami brings massive destruction to Japan's mainland again. 
The failure of the cooling systems is – for now – only the first problem to be acknowledged in news reports. The situation is ongoing, and less than 24 hours have passed. 
Considering that the corporate and government authorities in Japan made a concerted effort to silence bad news and pretend the problem away, there is no reason to believe that transparent coverage about what happens after this new earthquake and tsunami will be forthcoming. 
So keep your eyes open, and your screen's recording what is being reported and what other information comes out. 
RT has continued live coverage of the events in Japan. 
The reality of a potential catastrophe compounding the existing damage at Fukushima, and to everything its waters touch, simply may not be reported. 
The powers that be on the Internet, and in the spheres of politics, are going out of their way to censor the grassroots media that thrives online, and are using 21st Century gestapo tactics to silence what they are labeling 'false news.' 
This story may be updated as more information becomes available. 
Flashback:
ARTICLE

Image: Bin im Garten, Creative Commons
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
Editor's Comment: The entire campaign season was composed of stories about how Trump couldn't win, about the derogatory comments he has made, and the terror he would bring. But their lopsided attacks against Trump, and their continuing praise of nothing-but-Hillary was completely wrong in every way… the epitome of 'fake news.' 
And President-elect Trump reportedly let the media hear his mind… interesting account of this off-the-record meeting. 
Trump 'Exploded' At Media Execs During Off-The-Record Meeting: 'It Was A F–king Firing Squad' 
by Tyler Durden
Earlier today we reported that in a 'summit' organized by Trump's campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, executives and anchors from the major US media outlets, including CNN president Jeff Zucker, ABC News president James Goldston, Fox News co-presidents Bill Shine and Jack Abernethy, and NBC News president Deborah Turness, visited Donald Trump at his Trump Tower penthouse for an off the record meeting.
Courtesy of the Post, we have a complete list of the participants at the Trump media meeting: the hour-long powwow included top execs from network and cable news channels. Among the attendees were NBC's Deborah Turness, Lester Holt and Chuck Todd, ABC's James Goldston, George Stephanopoulos, David Muir and Martha Raddatz, CBS' Norah O'Donnell John Dickerson, Charlie Rose, Christopher Isham and Gayle King, Fox News' Bill Shine, Jack Abernethy, Jay Wallace, Suzanne Scott, MSNBC's Phil Griffin and CNN's Jeff Zucker and Erin Burnett.
The contents of what was discussed were initially unclear.

Now, according to the Post and Politico , we learn that the President-elect ' exploded at media bigs in an off-the-record Trump Tower powow on Monday .'
' It was like a f—ing firing squad ,' one source told the Post.
According to the Post's recound of the conversation, ' Trump started with Jeff Zucker and said I hate your network, everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed ….'

Jeff Zucker (left) 
'The meeting was a total disaster . The TV execs and anchors went in there thinking they would be discussing the access they would get to the Trump administration, but instead they got a Trump-style dressing down,' the source added. A second source confirmed the encounter.
The Post adds that 'the meeting took place in a big board room and there were about 30 or 40 people, including the big news anchors from all the networks…'
'Trump kept saying, ' We're in a room of liars, the deceitful dishonest media who got it all wrong. He addressed everyone in the room calling the media dishonest, deceitful liars. He called out Jeff Zucker by name and said everyone at CNN was a liar, and CNN was network of liars .
'Trump didn't say Katy Tur by name, but talked about an NBC female correspondent who got it wrong, then he referred to a horrible network correspondent who cried when Hillary lost who hosted a debate – which was Martha Raddatz who was also in the room.
'Gayle did not stand up, but asked some question, 'How do you propose we the media work with you?' Chuck Todd asked some pretty pointed questions. David Muir asked how are you going to cope living in DC while your family is in NYC? It was a horrible meeting.'
Politico adds further details, according to which 'Trump complained about photos of himself that NBC used that he found unflattering, the source said. Trump turned to NBC News President Deborah Turness at one point, the source said, and told her the network won't run a nice picture of him, instead choosing 'this picture of me,' as he made a face with a double chin. Turness replied that they had a 'very nice' picture of him on their website at the moment.'
Amusingly, since the meeting was off the record, meaning the participants agreed not to talk about the substance of the conversations, it means they will most likely be unable to confirm or deny the Post's report.
Politco's recollection of events was slightly less dramatic:
The New York Post on Monday afternoon portrayed a much more heated meeting, including a quote from one source who said the encounter was 'like a f–ing firing squad.' The Post also said Trump called CNN journalists 'liars' and that they should be 'ashamed.' The source who spoke with POLITICO characterized the meeting as less intense, and said the discussion included Trump expressing the possibility of a 'reset' of the tumultuous relationship between the president-elect and the media and that all he wants is 'fairness.'
Asked how he defines fairness by a network executive, Trump said simply, 'The truth.' But aside from the few moments of contention in the beginning, the source said the meeting was largely substantive.
Politico also adds that Trump, flanked by chief of staff Reince Priebus and campaign manager Kellyanne Conway at the table, also expressed annoyance at the protective press pool and the complaints over him ditching the press when he went out to dinner last week with his family after reporters were advised he was in for the night. But Priebus assured the attendees that the protective press pool will be taken care of and it would all work out.
Other attendees at the meeting from Trump's team included chief strategist Stephen Bannon, Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, spokesman Jason Miller, and Republican National Committee chief strategist and communications director Sean Spicer.
Asked for comment, Miller referred POLITICO to Conway's comments to reporters after the meeting, in which she echoed the sentiments made in the meeting about turning over a new leaf with the media.
'There was no need to mend fences,' Conway said. 'It was very cordial, very genial. But it was very candid and very honest. From my own perspective, it's great to hit the reset button.'
Conway later on Monday hit back at the New York Post report. 'He did not explode in anger,' she said.
While one can have a subjective interpretuation of the nuances at the meeting, one thing was clear: Trump's attempt at a 'reset' will be frowned at by the media which is not used to this kind of treatment, even if the 'kindler, gentler' version of events as reported by Politico is accurate.
It also means that what has already been a conventional war between the various US media organizations and Trump, is likely about to go nuclear.
This article was written by Tyler Durden and originally published at Zero Hedge . 
ARTICLE


This article was written by Kurt Nimmo and originally published at his Another Day in the Empire site. 
Editor's Comment: Here we are back to one of those people that just seems to know something we don't know… well it isn't really the fact that he suggested Donald Trump won't keep all his campaign promises. People aren't that much in the dark. It's the way he phrased it, and nurtured the idea, as something soft and malleable. 
Kissinger is more than willing to break in Trump, as one would a horse, and shape him towards the kind of president that international banksters and geopolitical hotheads can be proud of. By that time, you might not recognize President Trump as the fiery campaigner who defeated Bushes and Clintons with ease, but that just shows the crafting and development that went into the project, mostly behind the scenes… you might even find that Kissinger and Trump are old pals (see above). 
Kissinger: Don't Expect Trump to Keep Campaign Promises 
by Kurt Nimmo
Elder statesman, Rockefeller confidant, and master war criminal Henry Kissinger told the globalist Fareed Zakaria voters are not going to get what was advertised with Donald Trump.
'One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,' Kissinger told Zakaria .
Keeping campaign promises made to voters is counterproductive, according to Kissinger.
Kissinger argued that it is counterproductive to demand absolute consistency from presidential administrations, particularly in the face of fluid international situations.
Commending Trump on the effectiveness of his campaign tactics, the former secretary of state added: 'The art now would be to develop a strategy that is sustainable, that meets the concerns that have appeared during the campaign but that can be linked to some of the main themes of American foreign policy.'
In other words, Kissinger and the elite expect Trump to carry the torch and continue the Bush-Obama agenda of never-ending war.
Donald Trump appears eager to please. He is considering neocons for his cabinet and his national security adviser is an anti-Islam ideologue.
This article was written by Kurt Nimmo and originally published at his Another Day in the Empire site. Please visit and support his site. 
ARTICLE


Trump has signaled that he will not be prosecuting Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that it was one of his main promises on the campaign trail.
But the move isn't exactly a surprise, as Trump's cabinet picks have come into view and many of his statements have shifted to 'unify the country.'
This stinks of a deal, or if you prefer, of an opponent that never was. Perhaps wrestling choreographers turned to political choreography for better salaries and higher stakes.
Trump campaign manager Kellyann Conway made the announcement.
via Breitbart :
'I think when the President-elect, who's also the head of your party, tells you before he's even inaugurated that he doesn't wish to pursue these charges, it sends a very strong message, tone, and content to the members,' Conway said. 'And I think Hillary Clinton still has to face the fact that the majority of Americans don't find her to be honest and trustworthy. But if Donald Trump can help her heal, then perhaps that is a good thing. 
Henry Kissinger emerged yesterday, issuing a bizarre statement that excused President-elect Trump from resembling anything like candidate Trump.
After Kissinger claimed that Trump didn't need to keep his campaign promises, campaign manager/spokeswoman Kellyann Conway carried the chorus. As Kurt Nimmo wrote :
'One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign,' Kissinger told Zakaria . 
Kissinger argued that it is counterproductive to demand absolute consistency from presidential administrations … 'The art now would be to develop a strategy that is sustainable, that meets the concerns that have appeared during the campaign but that can be linked to some of the main themes of American foreign policy.'
Trump's Conway mirrored Kissinger's exact words.
'Look, I think, he's thinking of many different things as he prepares to become the president of the United States, and things that sound like the campaign aren't among them,' Conway said. 
SHTF made the call shortly after Trump's victory speech during which he described Hillary Clinton as a tough fighter, and said the nation owed her a debt of gratitude, etc.
He changed tones immediately as the election results signaled a sudden end to the rhetoric.
BREAKING: Trump Won't Pursue Charges Against Hillary, Will 'Help Her Heal' 

Did Kissinger hypnotize the Trump people or what?
Read more: 
Did Trump Make a 'Secret Deal NOT To Prosecute Hillary' In Exchange for Her Concession? 
Trump Will Be President – How Alt-Market Predicted The Outcome Five Months In Advance 
ARTICLE


This article was written by Derrick Broze and originally published at Activist Post.com . 
Editor's Comment: This is crazy, this protest has turned ugly, even weeks after becoming a total police state. But will it ever garner national attention, and become a major topic? 
Non-violent protesters are being harmed by security and police, and there is no clear justification for it. 
Riot Police Fire Water Cannon, Rubber Bullets at Unarmed Water Protectors 
by Derrick Broze
Police have once again used violent tactics on water protectors as the fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline continues into late November. 
Since August, North Dakota police have employed many violent tactics against the Standing Rock Sioux and allied 'water protectors' who are fighting the Dakota Access Pipeline. On Sunday November 20, we witnessed an increase in totalitarian tactics as the Morton County Sheriff's office used rubber bullets, tear gas, and for the first time since conflicts began, a water cannon. There were also reports of 'concussion grenades' or stun grenades being thrown by police.
According to the Sacred Stone Camp :
'Hundreds of water protectors were injured at the Standing Rock encampments when law enforcement blasted them with water cannons in freezing temperatures Sunday evening. The attacks came as water protectors used a semi-truck to remove burnt military vehicles that police had chained to concrete barriers weeks ago, blocking traffic on Highway 1806.
Water protectors' efforts to clear the road and improve access to the camp for emergency services were met with tear gas, an LRAD (Long Range Acoustic Device), stinger grenades, rubber bullets, and indiscriminate use of a water cannon with an air temperature of 26 degrees Fahrenheit.'
Sacred Stone also reports that National Lawyers Guild legal observers witnessed multiple people knocked unconscious and bleeding after being shot in the head by rubber bullets. According to Unicorn Riot , over 160 were injured, including 'a 13-year-old girl who was shot in the face by law enforcement, two people suffered cardiac arrests, and many contusions and damage to hands from rubber bullets.' Due to the overwhelming injuries the local Cannonball Gym was opened for emergency relief from injuries and the cold.
'We are asking for clean water, we are asking for the right to live, we are asking for our children to live. Instead they attack us, because they protect oil,' LaDonna Allard, Director of the Sacred Stone Camp, said. 'Morton county and DAPL security are inhuman- what is wrong with their hearts?'
The situation unfolded around 5 pm central on Sunday as protectors began attempting to remove one of the burnt armored vehicles left by the police. These are the same vehicles that I witnessed being left by local law enforcement and then set on fire by a group of provocateurs on October 27. ( see in the report below at 8:30 ).

These provocateurs had already set an SUV on fire on the bridge when police parked two armored vehicles on the bridge and drove away. Essentially, the police left the vehicles there to be set on fire and then those same vehicle fires were used to demonize the protectors and block the bridge and keep protectors from the site of construction. On Sunday, water protectors chained one of the vehicles to an 18-wheeler and attempted to remove it from the bridge.
5:30 PM 11/20/16: MRAP armored vehicle moves forward as water protectors work to clear path on Highway 1806. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/9t5aauP1HG 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) November 21, 2016 

Eventually water protectors were successful in removing one of the armored vehicles, but not before police began firing rubber bullets and using a water cannon.
11/20/16: Burnt military truck left by police to block Hwy 1806 removed by water protectors using semi & chains. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/2ryIRN90VV 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) November 21, 2016 

The Sheriff's office originally told NBC that no water cannons were used, but hours later Donna Hushka, a spokeswoman for the sheriff's department, confirmed to journalist Jenni Monet that law enforcement used water as 'crowd control' against the protesters. Police claim that multiple fires were started around the barricade by water protectors and that officers had rocks thrown at them. The water protectors say they only started isolated fires to warm people from the water. However, in video of the incident flares shot by law enforcement can be seen starting grass fires.
Ironically, only two days before they decided to douse water protectors in below freezing temperatures, the Morton County Sheriff's office released a statement warning that, 'exposure to North Dakota's winter weather presents a very real risk of frostbite, hypothermia, and life-threatening conditions.' Despite the water cannon the water protectors continued their attempts to remove the armored vehicle from the bridge.
On Friday, Energy Transfer Partners CEO Kelcy Warren told the Associated Press that the company is not considering rerouting the pipeline. Warren has also said that the company has waited 'long enough.' Energy Transfer Partners filed suit against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers after the Corps decided they needed more time to review the permitting for final construction on the pipeline.
Warren's comments came on the same night that North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple asked the Army to solve the crisis and also sought assistance from federal law enforcement to quell the protests.
'Further delays simply prolong the risks to public safety, prolong the hardships endured by area residents and increase costs incurred by the state of North Dakota and Morton County,' he said in a statement.
Conflicts between water protectors and local law enforcement continue because ETP crews are still preparing to tunnel under Lake Oahe despite not having the proper permits.
This article was written by Derrick Broze and originally published at Activist Post.com . 
Derrick Broze is an investigative journalist and liberty activist. He is the Lead Investigative Reporter for ActivistPost.com and the founder of the TheConsciousResistance.com . 
ARTICLE


Enjoy your turkey, family events and holiday cheer. Enjoy the changing political environment and the strange sense of normalcy that has returned since the end of the election.
None of it is likely to last. 2017 may prove to be pretty brutal.
Now that the Western world has turned in the direction of Trump and Brexit, it may be that the bankster class is prepared to start the next phase.
The pressure that has been building since the 2008 economic crisis is poised to topple the system again. As reputed author James Wesley Rawles of SurvivalBlog.com points out, negative interest rates and big debt governing under Obama have set us up for a fall. Easy money, cheap money and free flowing, unlimited credit to the top of the heap have brought things to a desperate point of no return.
Nassim Taleb made the point that Obama's most grandiose betrayal against the American people won't be felt until the coming tide of inflation enlarges the national debt, already at record levels of government spending, even further:
3) Don't fughet Obama is leaving us a Ponzi scheme, added ~8 trillions in debt with rates at 0. If they rise, costs of deficit explode…
— NassimNicholasTaleb (@nntaleb) November 20, 2016 

Federal Reserve officials have already conceded that the zero percent interest/quantitative easing package is no longer capable of stimulating the economy, and so raising interest rates to normal is in order; however, raising these rates even slightly is enough to induce panic and economic turmoil.
Countless figures have come forward to warn that our financial system is set up for a pump and dump – and that the populist Trump presidency is likely to be background to economic pain, gloomy news and grim difficulties in every respect. Though the die was cast by the cronies who drafted the phony recovery, Trump will be associated with what could be one of the worst financial eras in history.
Worse, that time would leave millions and millions of people without jobs, money or a way to provide.
As usual, Rawles makes the case for how to survive in such a depressing and chaotic environment, and how to avert the worst of the collapse by preparing now, and building a lifestyle that is resistant to market pressures and political shoes dropping.
Here's the interview from X22 Report :

Check out more of James Wesley Rawles work at SurvivalBlog.com or via his survival books .
Read more: 
How to Survive the End of the World as We Know It: Tactics, Techniques, and Technologies for Uncertain Times 
America's Fatal Wound? 'What Obama Did That Is Unforgivable' 
Collapse Strategist: 'We're In The Terminal Phase… Economic Pain Like We've Never Seen Before' 
7 Jobs That Are Going to Survive the Next Economic Crash 
What Life Will Be Like After An Economic Collapse: 'Things Just Get Gradually Worse…' 
ARTICLE


It appears that threatening Republican Electoral College electors with death and violence if they don't flip their votes to Hillary isn't the only strategy being implemented by the Democrats and Clinton campaign.
According to computer security experts, the election was rigged in favor of Donald Trump in the key states of Michigan, Wisconsin and Florida, and they are urging Clinton to demand a recount:
Hillary Clinton could have been robbed of the presidency by hackers, a group of experts claims – and now they're calling for her to demand a recount.
The team, which includes voting rights experts and computer security buffs, says it has compelling evidence that Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania could have been hacked to artificially lower turnout . 
They're now pressuring the Clinton group to call for an independent recount that could swing the needle of the election in the Democrats' favor, New York magazine reported.
…
According to their calculations, such a hack could have cost Clinton 30,000 votes in Wisconsin. She lost that state – and its ten Electoral College votes – by 27,000.
Michigan was too close to call with a gap of 11,000, denying Clinton its 16 Electoral College votes, and she lost Pennsylvania's 20 Electoral College votes by 68,236.
Though there's been no suggestion of possible culprits in the potential hacking, the DNC blamed Russia for mid-election-season hacks of Democrat email accounts.
If an independent investigation could prove hacking – and a recount granted Clinton those three states – then she would be made President after all.
Full Report: The Daily Mail 
Ahead of the election unnamed sources in the U.S. intelligence and law enforcement communities spoke to the mainstream media and warned that, while the electronic voting machines used to register a candidate were completely safe, Russia could try to undermine U.S. elections by releasing fraudulent documentation showing that the election was hacked. As we reported at the time :
According to Reuters, U.S. voting authorities are now warning that while the Russians may not actually hack the Presidential election, they may fake hacking the Presidential election .
What they're saying without actually saying it is that if Hillary Clinton wins the election and Trump supporters show proof of any fraudulent activity, the 'proof' will have been fabricated
It sounds almost too crazy to believe, but this is now being disseminated to the public via mainstream pipelines:
….
U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials are warning that hackers with ties to Russia's intelligence services could try to undermine the credibility of the presidential election by posting documents online purporting to show evidence of voter fraud. 
The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said however, that the U.S. election system is so large, diffuse and antiquated that hackers would not be able to change the outcome of the Nov. 8 election. 
But hackers could post documents, some of which might be falsified, that are designed to create public perceptions of widespread voter fraud, the officials said. ( Reuters )
Full report: It's A Setup: U.S. Officials Warn That Russians Will Undermine Elections With Fake Documents Showing Voter Fraud 
In short, when the media expected a Hillary Clinton landslide the public was told that any 'evidence' of wrong-doing was completely false, as hacking the U.S. election system was impossible.
Following Trump's win, this has apparently changed. The 'experts' say our voting systems were, in fact, compromised by hackers and they were able to change the outcome of the election in favor of Donald Trump.
So who do we believe? The experts, who claim they have evidence of voter fraud? Or the Obama administration's intelligence apparatus, which claimed that any such post-election hacking evidence would be a fraudulent attempt to undermine voter confidence?

ARTICLE


The lawlessness of the Obama Administration knows no bounds.
Not only has President Obama made every move he can through executive order to create and foster amnesty for illegal immigrants, but his Justice Department is now attempting to force people to hire undocumented workers.
Ironically, the agency on the other end of intimidation is the Denver County Sheriff's Office.
Incredibly backwards…
via the Daily Caller :
Denver County's sheriff office has been slapped with a fine by the Department of Justice (DOJ) because it refused to hire non-citizens as deputies. 
From the beginning of 2015 through last March, the Denver Sheriff Department went on a major hiring binge, adding more than 200 new deputies. But those jobs ended up only going to citizens, because the department made citizenship a stated requirement on the job application . The department admitted as much in a new settlement with the U.S. government, which requires it to pay a $10,000 fine. 
The department will also have to comb through all of its job applications from the past two years, identifying immigrants who were excluded from the hiring process and giving them due consideration. 
How can someone be hired to enforce the law, if they are living in violation and ignorance of it?
How can counties, state agencies, small businesses or individuals be forced to hire in violation of the law, in order to comply with non-discrimination?
Obviously the system has a logical loop failure, either that, or someone wants this country to eat itself.
Read more: 
Outrage: Border Patrol Ordered To Release All Illegal Alien Drunk Drivers: 'Allow Them to Go On Their Way' 
Watch: How Liberals React When Asked to House An Illegal Immigrant Child In Their Homes 
Immigration End Game Revealed: New Law Would Give Illegal Immigrants The Right To Vote, Collect Government Benefits 
Urged by Obama, Illegal Immigrants Line Up to Vote Against Trump: 'Donald Trump Never!' 
ARTICLE


It still ain't over…
It now appears that John Podesta and teams of voting rights lawyers are combing over Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Michigan election results with a fine-toothed comb, county-by-county and are now suggesting possible vote fraud via 'irregularities.'
These are the three rust belt states that traditionally swing blue, but went red for Trump in 2016, perhaps in large part due to his message on economy on jobs.
It remains to be seen whether or not the Clinton Team will officially challenge these results or demand a recount, but it is clear that many of Clinton's fiercest establishment allies will not be lying down.
via MSN.com :
Hillary Clinton is being urged by a group of prominent computer scientists and election lawyers to call for a recount in three swing states won by Donald Trump, New York has learned. The group, which includes voting-rights attorney John Bonifaz and J. Alex Halderman, the director of the University of Michigan Center for Computer Security and Society , believes they've found persuasive evidence that results in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania may have been manipulated or hacked. The group is so far not speaking on the record about their findings and is focused on lobbying the Clinton team in private.
Last Thursday, the activists held a conference call with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and campaign general counsel Marc Elias to make their case, according to a source briefed on the call. The academics presented findings showing that in Wisconsin, Clinton received 7 percent fewer votes in counties that relied on electronic-voting machines compared with counties that used optical scanners and paper ballots. Based on this statistical analysis, Clinton may have been denied as many as 30,000 votes; she lost Wisconsin by 27,000. While it's important to note the group has not found proof of hacking or manipulation, they are arguing to the campaign that the suspicious pattern merits an independent review — especially in light of the fact that the Obama White House has accused the Russian government of hacking the Democratic National Committee.
Theoretically, if all three of these states were declared for Hillary rather than for Trump, it would swing the electoral college count towards another Clinton presidency.
group of prominent academics & election lawyers held conference call w/ Podesta and Elias last week lobbying recount https://t.co/EnHq9woAcw 
— Gabriel Sherman (@gabrielsherman) November 22, 2016 

If that won't work, there are still electors out there who may dissent when casting their electoral college ballots by mail before December 19th.
Some people never quit.
It's hard to believe, but there remains an outside chance that the election is still up in the air – at least in the minds of her angry and disillusioned staffers, donors and supporters.
Read more: 
It's Not Over Yet: 'They Are Probably Still Trying To Steal The Election' | Calls For Electoral College To Ignore Will Of People 
Still Not Over: Two Electors Launch Effort To 'Flip the Electoral College' And Block Trump's Win 
Clinton Insider Confesses: Trump Protests Are Just More Pre-Paid 'Soros Riots' to Stir Unrest 
'Beware of the Shadow Government': Ron Paul Advises President-Elect 
Trump Surrounded By Bankers, Wall St. Insiders Banging on the Door to Get In: 'Draining the Swamp?' 
ARTICLE


The Black Swan Theory is used by Nassim Nicholas Taleb to explain the existence and occurrence of high-impact, hard-to-predict, and rare events that are beyond the realm of normal expectations. One example often put forth by Taleb is the life and times of the Thanksgiving Turkey.
The turkey spends the majority of its life enjoying daily feedings from a caring farmer. Weeks go by, and it's the same thing day-in-day-out for the Turkey. Free food. Open range grazing. Good times all around.
The thinking turkey may even surmise that the farmer has a vested interest in keeping the turkey alive. For the turkey, it is a symbiotic relationship. 'The farmer feeds me and keeps me happy, and I keep the farmer happy,' says the turkey. 'The farmer needs me, otherwise, why would he be taking care of me?'
This goes on for a 1,000 days.
Then, two days before Thanksgiving on Day 1,001, the farmer shows up again.
But this time he doesn't come bearing food, but rather, he's wielding an ax.
This is a black swan event — for the turkey.
By definition, it is a high-impact, hard-to-predict, and rare event for the turkey, who not only never saw it coming, but never even contemplated the possibility that it could occur.
For the farmer, on the other hand, this was not a black swan event. The farmer knew all along why he was feeding the turkey, and what the end result would be.
The very nature of black swan events make them almost impossible to predict. The point of this parable is to put forth the idea that sometimes we are the Thanksgiving turkey and understanding this may make it easier to begin to, at the very least, contemplate the possibility of far-from-equilibrium events.
This year, when you enjoy that drumstick or Turkey breast, give thanks to the latest victim of the black swan for being non-contemplative, otherwise, he may have bugged-out long ago and you'd be eating a chicken instead.
Editor's Note: We'd like to take this opportunity to thank every one of you for visiting our web site. Many of you have joined our community and often hang out in our comments area sharing your ideas with others, making new friends, and keeping us all abreast of developing news that we may not catch. It is you, the SHTFplan community, that has made this web site what it is today. In fact, without you, what we've achieved would simply not be possible. 
Thank you for the many years of good times. I have personally met numerous folks directly via this web site that have become good friends – and not just online, but in real life! I hope others have had the same opportunity. For newer readers, this is a fantastic community. Sure, things might get a bit heated at times given the substance of the topics being posted, but all-in-all there are a lot of people here ready to share their knowledge, inspirations and friendship. It's a great way to meet new friends who may have similar interests and beliefs, so if you've never posted please don't be afraid to do so! 
Thank you all! Have a wonderful and relaxing Thanksgiving Day! 
Sincerely, 
Mac Slavo 

ARTICLE


Black Friday madness has reached one of its most dangerous points in American history.
As the Sheeple lined up and mobbed retail stores after Thanksgiving dinner and early Friday morning for deals to kick off the holiday season, there have been at least three shooting incidents at stores across the United States – and at least two people were shot dead in the resulting frenzy and mayhem.
Many people lost all sense of perspective as they got caught up in it at Walmart, Macy's and other stores during this grim holiday tradition in American stupidity.
via the Daily Mail :
Two people were shot dead and two others were injured in three separate incidents in New Jersey, Nevada and Tennessee as Black Friday shopping kicked off. 
A man was fatally shot and his brother was wounded in a shooting outside of a Macy's in New Jersey on Friday morning while another was shot dead in an apparent road rage incident in a Walmart parking lot in Nevada on Thursday.
A fourth person suffered a gunshot wound on Thursday at a mall in Tennessee as shoppers were taking part in early Black Friday sales.
[…]
A 20-year-old Atlantic City man was shot multiple times and pronounced dead at the scene while his 26-year-old brother, from Clayton, was shot in the leg and listed in stable condition at AtlantiCare Regional Medical Center.
One shopper who was at the scene and has been coming out for Black Friday shopping for the last ten years said the shooting was sad, adding that Black Friday is 'getting scary now'. 
Meanwhile, these crazed shoppers caught on video are fighting and furiously mobbing over cheap towels and toilet papers!
Black Friday Fight Walmart 2016 – Walmart Black Friday Fight 2016 | Black Friday Attack 2016 Brawl 

Black Friday Walmart Shoppers FIGHT over TOILET TISSUE & SOAP (Black Friday Fights 2016) 

Black Friday Fight 2016: Brawls Across Nation mostly over Jumbo TVs on Black Friday Shopping Frenzy 

The same America that is so deeply divided over politics, presidential elections and race is also prepared to lose it over consumer goods and holiday sales.
If that's how people react over sales and 'insane deals' on household items…. how do you think they will react when the economic collapse hits home and people become truly desperate?
Read more: 
The Running Of The Sheep: Black Friday 2015 Video Hall of Shame 
Running Of The Sheep: America 2014 in Video: People Trampled, Brawls, Cops Assaulted, Tasers, Mayhem… 
Sheeple: Why You Should Feel Sorry For Them 

ARTICLE


This article/video was originally published at SGTReport.com . 
Editor's Comment: The evidence is now overwhelming – whatever the full truth of the matter, something is very, very suspicious about the 'pizza code' that has been discovered in the leaked Podesta emails that many believe is connected to a ring of pedophilia activity. Independent researchers have been scouring the web for supporting information, and have pieced together a disturbing pile of circumstantial evidence connecting many of DC's most powerful to lewd comments, references to illegal sex acts and child trafficking, dark art and more. It is very likely that this could go to the very top, where powerful people are protected by people with ranking positions inside the power structure. 
Perhaps that is why many channels and researchers are meeting censorship, threats and bans. Reddit's thread on the topic, which was quickly becoming the definitive gathering place for the information, was shut down. Meanwhile, the entire The Daily Sheeple website was shutdown temporarily over a copyright claim about an image in 'pizza gate' story (see video at bottom). Numerous YouTube accounts have been suspended or blocked as well. Read more: The Disturbing, Disgusting Pedophile Code Hidden in the John Podesta Emails 
Will the phony clamp down over 'fake news' be used to completely cover-up the evidence of what appear to be very serious crimes? 
PizzaGate Is a Worldwide Citizen Investigation Now 
by SGT Report
While the NY Times tries to soft peddle #PizzaGate, Reddit tries to kill the Sub-Reddit investigation and Twitter attempts to censor breaking news on the global pedophile ring – it's too late. The genie is out of the bottle. We will not be stopped. Truth will be revealed. Because #PizzaGate is a WORLDWIDE CITIZEN INVESTIGATION NOW. And the pedos are running scared.
PIZZAGATE IS A WORLDWIDE CITIZEN INVESTIGATION NOW.

Charles Ortel: Pardons Won't Save Clintons From Clinton Foundation Crimes? The De- 
The De-Occulting of John Podesta (by martyleeds33) 
Understanding #PizzaGate – Opening the Rabbit hole (by Stirling) 
INFOWARS WEIGHS IN: PIZZAGATE IS REAL!!! 
PizzaGate Definitive Factcheck: Oh My God. 

Our Site Got SHUT DOWN for #Pizzagate Podesta Wikileaks Story 

This article/video was originally published at SGTReport.com . 

