ARTICLE

Russia Unveils Update of Advanced Nuclear Weapon 10/26/2016 
EPOCH TIMES 
Russia has unveiled a new nuclear missile that 'is capable of wiping out parts of the earth the size of Texas or France.' 
Reports say that the RS-28 missile, dubbed the 'Satan 2,' was unveiled this week, with the first image of the weapon being released to the public by designers at the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau . It's also known as 'Sarmat' in Russian. 
The report comes as Moscow has been flexing its military muscle amid tensions with the United States over the war in Syria and lingering fallout from the invasion of Crimea in Ukraine. NATO, meanwhile, has been shoring up its defenses in countries near Russia's border amid concerns about its military direction. 
'The prospective strategic missile system is being developed in order to assuredly and effectively fulfill objectives of nuclear deterrent by Russia's strategic forces,' according to a statement from V. Degtar and Y. Kaverin, listed as the bomb's chief designer and leading designer, respectively, reported RT , a Russian government-funded news site. 
Earlier this year, the Kremlin-aligned Sputnik News website said the missile could 'wipe out' portions of the earth the 'size of Texas or France.' 
The RS-28 will replace the R-36, which was called the 'SS-18 Satan' by NATO when it was introduced in the 1970s. 
Robert Kelley, a former nuclear weapons expert at the U.S. Department of Energy, told NBC News that the new missile most likely had an upgrade in the device's electronics, rather than an increase in its explosive payload or range. 
'The range of the missiles will be about the same, the explosive destructive power will be about the same [but] the reliability, flexibility and confidence [in the warheads' ability to hit their targets] will go way up,' said Kelley. 
He noted: 'Your iPhone can do thousands of more things today than in the 1970s when these systems were first deployed. Many of the clunky electronic circuits of that era no longer exist and no one knows how to make them anymore.' 
The RS-28 weighs about 100 tons, and it features a large, 10-ton nuclear payload capacity. The missile is expected to enter service in 2018.

ARTICLE

Russia Unveils Update of Advanced Nuclear Weapon 10/26/2016 EPOCH TIMES Russia has unveiled a new nuclear missile that 'is capable of wiping out parts of the earth the size of T ... Biden: I'd Take on Trump Behind Gym 10/26/2016 ANOTHER DAY IN THE EMPIRE Just when you thought this election cycle couldn't get any more slimy and absurd. Enter ... Scientists About To Pour $100 Million Into Looking For Aliens Around Weird Star 10/26/2016 THE DAILY CALLER Astronomers are about to pour $100 million into investigating a star that may be surrounded by a lar ... AMTV Archives

ARTICLE

Britain, U.S. sending planes, troops to deter Russia in the east 10/26/2016 
REUTERS 
Britain said on Wednesday it will send fighter jets to Romania next year and the United States promised troops, tanks and artillery to Poland in NATO's biggest military build-up on Russia's borders since the Cold War. 
Germany, Canada and other NATO allies also pledged forces at a defense ministers meeting in Brussels on the same day two Russian warships armed with cruise missiles entered the Baltic Sea between Sweden and Denmark, underscoring East-West tensions. 
In Madrid, the foreign ministry said Russia had withdrawn a request to refuel three warships in Spain's North African enclave of Ceuta after NATO allies said they could be used to target civilians in Syria. 
The ships were part of an eight-ship carrier battle group '“ including Russia's sole aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov '“ that is expected to join around 10 other Russian vessels already off the Syrian coast, diplomats said. 
NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said the troop contributions to a new 4,000-strong force in the Baltics and eastern Europe were a measured response to what the alliance believes are some 330,000 Russian troops stationed on Russia's western flank near Moscow. 
'This month alone, Russia has deployed nuclear-capable Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad and suspended a weapons-grade plutonium agreement with the United States,' Stoltenberg said, also accusing Russia of continued support for rebels in Ukraine. 
Those ballistic missiles can hit targets across Poland and the Baltics, although NATO officials declined to say if Russia had moved nuclear warheads to Kaliningrad. 
NATO's aim is to make good on a July promise by NATO leaders to deter Russia in Europe's ex-Soviet states, after Moscow orchestrated the annexation of the Crimea peninsula in 2014. 
NATO's plan is to set up four battle groups with a total of some 4,000 troops from early next year, backed by a 40,000-strong rapid-reaction force, and if need be, follow-on forces. 
As part of that, U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter announced a 'battle-ready battalion task force' of about 900 soldiers would be sent to eastern Poland, as well as another, separate force equipped with tanks and other heavy equipment to move across eastern Europe. 
'It's a major sign of the U.S. commitment to strengthening deterrence here,' Carter said. 
Britain's Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said Britain would send an 800-strong battalion to Estonia, supported by French and Danish troops, starting from May. The United States wants its troops in position by June. 
London is also sending Typhoon fighter aircraft to Romania to patrol around the Black Sea, partly in support of Turkey. 
'Although we are leaving the European Union, we will be doing more to help secure the eastern and southern flanks of NATO,' Fallon said. 
SYRIAN SHADOW 
Others NATO allies joined the four battle groups led by the United States, Germany, Britain and Canada to go to Poland, Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia. Canada said it was sending 450 troops to Latvia, joined by 140 military personnel from Italy. 
Germany said it was sending between 400 and 600 troops to Lithuania, with additional forces from the Netherlands, Norway, Belgium, Croatia and Luxembourg. 
Stoltenberg said allies' commitments would be 'a clear demonstration of our transatlantic bond.' Diplomats said it would also send a message to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, who has complained that European allies do not pay their way in the alliance. 
For the Kremlin, the U.S.-led alliance's plans are already too much given Russia's grievances at NATO's expansion eastwards, although Stoltenberg denied going too far. 
But NATO's troop announcements in the Baltic states and Poland were partly overshadowed by the dispute about whether Spain should refuel the Russian warships, which was later resolved by Moscow's decision to withdraw its request. 
NATO's tensions with Russia have been building since Crimea and the West's decision to impose retaliatory sanctions. 
But the breakdown of a U.S-Russia brokered ceasefire in Syria on Oct. 3, followed by U.S. accusations that Russia has used cyber attacks to disrupt the presidential election, have signaled a worsening of ties. 
Even before the break down of the Syrian ceasefire, Russian President Vladimir Putin suspended a treaty with Washington on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium, signaling he was willing to use nuclear disarmament as a new bargaining chip in disputes with the United States over Ukraine and Syria. 
(Additional reporting by Sabine Siebold; Editing by Tom Heneghan)

ARTICLE

  
DAILY CALLER 
  330,000 Russian troops amassing along European borders. 
NATO will contribute a 4,000-strong force to bolster the defenses of its members in the Baltic states and eastern Europe. Four battle groups will be created out of forces by early next year. The battle groups will be bolstered by a 40,000-strong reaction force, and various reinforcements as needed. The plan is the fulfillment of a promise to increase the defenses of former Soviet-bloc members under threat from Russian aggression. 
'This month alone, Russia is deploying nuclear-capable Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad and suspending a weapons-grade plutonium agreement with the United States,' said Stoltenberg Wednesday while attending a meeting of NATO defense ministers in Brussels, Belgium. The deployment of the missiles to Kaliningrad, a small Russian satellite territory located between Poland and Lithuania, puts Poland and the Baltic states directly in Russia's sights. 
U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter announced a battalion of 900 'battle-ready' soldiers will be deployed to eastern Poland as part of the new commitment. British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon said his country will be sending a battalion of 800 soldiers to Estonia, in addition to a contingent of Typhoon fighter aircraft to Romania. Canada plans to send 450 troops to Latvia, backed by 140 Italians. Germany will contribute 400 to 600 troops to Lithuania. 
Russia steadily built up its military presence on the European border for several months. Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu announced a plan to recruit 30,000 additional forces to be stationed on Russia's eastern flank in May, followed by the deployment of the Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad in early October. 
The massive military build-up represents one of the largest since the Cold War, and comes at a time when tensions between the West and Moscow at are dangerously tense. 
Send tips to [email protected] .

ARTICLE

Reuters Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star vandalized on video 10/27/2016 
REUTERS 
Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was defaced by a vandal wielding a sledgehammer and a pick-axe on Wednesday in an act captured on video, police said. 
Los Angeles police expect to arrest someone for the vandalism, which left Trump's name scratched out of the star, the emblem in the middle dislodged and chips missing. 
A video posted at Deadline.com, a Hollywood media industry website, showed a man wearing a hard-hat and reflective vest swinging a sledgehammer and pick-axe in the pre-dawn darkness. 
The area had been cordoned off with traffic barriers and cones, giving it the appearance of a legitimate work site. 
The Republican presidential nominee, real estate developer and reality TV star has faced several large protests during his campaign appearances in California, where polls show him far behind Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. 
The former host of the NBC show 'The Apprentice,' Trump received his Walk of Fame star in 2007. A spokeswoman for Trump could not be reached for comment. 
Los Angeles police spokeswoman Liliana Preciado at the scene confirmed investigators have video capturing the vandalism attack and she said police expected to arrest whoever was responsible. 
Los Angeles-based City News Service reported a man identifying himself as James Lambert Otis said he damaged the installation 'to make a point.' 
City News reported the man said he had family members who were victims of sexual assault and had intended to remove the star, which he was unable to do, and auction it off to benefit women who have alleged Trump groped them. Trump has denied the allegations. 
Otis could not be reached for comment on the report. 
Trump drew widespread condemnations from voters and a number of Republican elected officials after a 2005 video emerged in which he was heard talking on an open microphone about groping women and trying to seduce a married woman. 
His star on the Walk of Fame was previously targeted. 
In the summer, a street artist erected a tiny wall around the star, complete with miniature American flags and barbed wire. The art piece, which was later removed, made light of Trump's campaign pledge to build a wall along the U.S. border with Mexico. 
The Hollywood Chamber of Commerce administers the hundreds of star plaques on sidewalks in the Los Angeles neighborhood. They are purchased for $30,000 each. 
Leron Gubler, president and CEO of the chamber, said in a statement the star would be covered for several days during repairs.

ARTICLE

New Las Vegas Casino ONLY for Chinese Gamblers 10/27/2016 
LOS ANGELES TIMES 
Casino operators know there are no gamblers quite like the Chinese. 
With their affinity for baccarat, the most lucrative game in Las Vegas, Chinese gamblers have long commanded special treatment '” be it with private Chinese gaming salons, Lunar New Year festivities or performances from pop stars flown in from Hong Kong and Taiwan. 
No one in Las Vegas, however, has built a casino and hotel strictly for Chinese visitors until now. 
The Lucky Dragon Hotel & Casino is billing itself as Las Vegas' first Asian-themed resort, funded in large part by Chinese investors. The property, set to open Dec. 3 with a traditional lion dance, will offer bilingual staff and signage, a luxury tea bar and a host of restaurants with food that wouldn't look or taste out of place in Guangzhou or Shanghai. 
'No General Tso's or egg rolls here,' said David Jacoby, chief operating officer for the resort, which left no Chinese superstition unturned. 
The rose-colored resort's front entrance is designed in a dragon motif. A feng shui master blessed its kitchens. The main bar is eight-sided for good fortune. And it's hard to find a No. 4 on the property. The unlucky digit is absent from room numbers and the phone directory. The nine-story hotel even skips a fourth floor. 
'This place is heavily feng shui'ed' Jacoby said. 
With all that attention to detail, you'd think Lucky Dragon's brain trust was born in Beijing. But the idea behind the 203-room boutique resort off the northern end of the Las Vegas Strip was largely conceived by an American veteran gaming executive, Bill Weidner, the former president and chief operating officer of Las Vegas Sands Corp. 
Weidner, an advisor to Lucky Dragon, is no neophyte to the Chinese market. He worked with some of China's most powerful government figures to lead Sands' expansion into Macau when the former Portuguese colony relaxed its monopoly on gaming licenses in 2002. Macau now generates nearly five times the gambling revenue of the Las Vegas Strip, forever changing the fortunes of the global casino industry. 
Weidner was also involved in the development of the $5.5-billion Marina Bay Sands in Singapore before leaving the company in a bitter dispute in 2009. 
Weidner and Jacoby know major Las Vegas gaming resorts like the Sands' Venetian, MGM or Wynn already cater to China's high rollers with VIP parlors and relationships forged in Macau. 
Lucky Dragon, though tiny compared with those properties, addresses what they see as a gap in the market: middle-class Chinese gamblers, Chinese Americans as well as the broader Asian American community. 
'Let them fight over the 1% and let us fight over the remaining 99%,' said Jacoby, who previously worked for Weidner's firm, Global Gaming Asset Management, opening a casino resort in the Philippines. 
That pool of Chinese gamers will almost certainly grow. On Dec. 2, Hainan Airlines will fly the first direct flights from China to Las Vegas's McCarran International Airport (Lucky Dragon guests are confirmed to be on that flight, Jacoby said). 
Already, a record 206,743 visitors from China traveled to Las Vegas last year, nearly double the number in 2010, according to the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority. 
Meanwhile, ground was broken on another Asian-themed resort, this one much bigger than Lucky Dragon. Resorts World, a Malaysian hospitality and casino giant with decades of Asian gaming experience, is spending up to $4 billion for a 3,200-room property on the North Strip that will feature Chinese architecture such as an ersatz Great Wall. It's slated to open in 2019. 
Plans are also underway to build a $2-billion resort on the Strip called Alon Las Vegas. The project is owned by Australia's Crown Resort, who count Chinese gamers as a major source of business. 
'It's going to be even more of a competitive market,' said John DeCree, an analyst at Union Gaming in Las Vegas. 'Everyone's coming for the same customer. It's going to be a challenge.' With 203 rooms, the hotel is small compared with many on the Strip. But with five restaurants, it offers more dining options than many its size. (Isaac Brekken / For The Times) 
Competition could also be fierce for Chinese high rollers, whose gambling activity has been curtailed by a slowing Chinese economy and an anti-corruption campaign at home that, until recently, sent Macau gambling revenues into a two-year slump. 
Las Vegas isn't immune to those headwinds. After years of explosive growth, casinos on the Strip experienced a decline in the amount of money bet on baccarat to about $10 billion in 2015. That's nearly $2 billion less than 2014, according to the Nevada Gaming Control Board. 
The casino industry uses the card game as a proxy for Chinese gambling activity because of its massive popularity within the culture. That's both for practical and superstitious reasons. Baccarat has the best statistical odds of beating the house compared with other games. And as a game of chance over skill, baccarat also plays into Chinese fatalistic attitudes toward luck. 
'The vast majority of baccarat play comes from the Asian market,' said Jacoby of Lucky Dragon. 
Jacoby's casino will offer seven VIP baccarat tables on a second-floor terrace with access to a vast menu of authentic Chinese food. In addition to live seafood flown in from all over the world, the property will serve staples like congee, wonton noodles and dim sum. 
Food is expected to be a big draw because Chinese vacationers overwhelmingly prefer their native cuisine over others. 
Las Vegas has a number of well-regarded Chinese restaurants such as Ping Pang Pong at Gold Coast Hotel & Casino, China MaMa in Chinatown and an outpost of Chengdu Taste, the San Gabriel Valley stalwart for Sichuan cuisine. High-end Chinese food is also served at high-roller rooms such as the Venetian's Paiza Club. 
No casino, however, boasts the concentration of Chinese restaurants that Lucky Dragon will, with five altogether. The hope is Chinese tourists staying at other properties will choose to eat '” and gamble '” at Lucky Dragon when they venture off the Strip. 
The emphasis on food means Lucky Dragon's owners can eschew things that aren't particularly important to Chinese tourists, like a whiskey bar or nightclub. And because Chinese tourists often don't like to sunbathe, Lucky Dragon's pool isn't much bigger than the backyard variety. 
Jacoby says his competitors on the Strip offer Chinese gamers a diluted experience by operating a handful of Chinese restaurants and parlors in mega-casinos that have to serve all manner of people, not just Chinese. By comparison, visitors to Lucky Dragon can start conversing in Mandarin with staff as soon as they walk in, he said. 
'We're trying to take [the Asian gaming experience] and bring that front and center instead of hiding the most valuable customer in a segregated portion of a large building,' Jacoby said. 
Though Lucky Dragon will rely heavily on Asian American customers at first, its funding was largely drawn from mainland Chinese investors through the federal EB-5 visa program. The visa allows foreigners and their immediate family to gain permanent U.S. residency in exchange for a minimum investment of $500,000 that also creates American jobs. Rather than focusing on bars and nightclubs, the casino is prioritizing dining options. That includes a tea room, still under construction. (Isaac Brekken / For The Times) 
Chinese investors have dominated the program nationwide, accounting for 80% of applicants awaiting EB-5 visas. Though occasionally subject to fraud, the program has successfully funded a handful of mixed-used projects in New York, the JW Marriott hotel at L.A. Live and the SLS Hotel & Casino across from Lucky Dragon. 
Jacoby declined to say how many Chinese investors are involved in Lucky Dragon, which is expected to employ 800 people. Jacoby also declined to disclose how much the project cost, adding that earlier media reports pegging the price tag at about $370 million were inaccurate. 
The company hit a snag last year when it unsuccessfully sought tax subsidies from the city. But financial commitments from Weidner's family and others put the project back on track. 
Lucky Dragon isn't the first Las Vegas resort to target a specific demographic. The Hard Rock Hotel & Casino and the Palms Casino Resort opened years ago catering to young partygoers and clubbers before eventually being overshadowed by larger competitors on the Strip such as the MGM Grand and the Cosmopolitan. 
Lucky Dragon's early backers even considered building an LGBT resort before settling on their current strategy, one they say will live and die on being able to deliver an authentic Chinese gambling experience. 
'We set out trying to put together a place that would stand alone in Shanghai if you dropped it off down there today,' Jacoby said. 'We didn't want to [have] just gongs, Asian tapestries and caricature-stuff like that.'

ARTICLE

World wildlife 'falls by 58% in 40 years' 10/27/2016 
BBC NEWS Global wildlife populations have fallen by 58% since 1970, a report says. 
The Living Planet assessment, by the Zoological Society of London (ZSL) and WWF, suggests that if the trend continues that decline could reach two-thirds among vertebrates by 2020. 
The figures suggest that animals living in lakes, rivers and wetlands are suffering the biggest losses. 
Human activity, including habitat loss, wildlife trade, pollution and climate change contributed to the declines. 
Dr Mike Barrett. head of science and policy at WWF, said: 'It's pretty clear under 'business as usual' we will see continued declines in these wildlife populations. But I think now we've reached a point where there isn't really any excuse to let this carry on. 
'We know what the causes are and we know the scale of the impact that humans are having on nature and on wildlife populations '“ it really is now down to us to act.' 
However the methodology of the report has been criticised. Image copyright CARLOS DREWS / WWF Image caption The report looked at data collected on 3,700 species of vertebrates over the last 40 years 
The Living Planet Report is published every two years and aims to provide an assessment of the state of the world's wildlife. 
For freshwater species alone, the decline stands at 81% since 1970 Dr Mike Barrett, WWF 
This analysis looked at 3,700 different species of birds, fish, mammals, amphibians and reptiles '“ about 6% of the total number of vertebrate species in the world. 
The team collected data from peer-reviewed studies, government statistics and surveys collated by conservation groups and NGOs. 
Any species with population data going back to 1970, with two or more time points (to show trends) was included in the study. 
The researchers then analysed how the population sizes had changed over time. 
Some of this information was weighted to take into account the groups of animals that had a great deal of data (there are many records on Arctic and near Arctic birds, for example) or very little data (tropical amphibians, for example). The report authors said this was to make sure a surplus of information about declines in some animals did not skew the overall picture. 
The last report, published in 2014, estimated that the world's wildlife populations had halved over the last 40 years. 
This assessment suggests that the trend has continued: since 1970, populations have declined by an average of 58%. 
Dr Barrett said some groups of animals had fared worse than others. 
'We do see particularly strong declines in the freshwater environment '“ for freshwater species alone, the decline stands at 81% since 1970. This is related to the way water is used and taken out of fresh water systems, and also the fragmentation of freshwater systems through dam building, for example.' 
It also highlighted other species, such as African elephants , which have suffered huge declines in recent years with the increase in poaching, and sharks, which are threatened by overfishing. 
If pressures '“ overexploitation, illegal wildlife trade for example '“ increase or worsen, then that trend may be worse Dr Robin Freeman, ZSL 
The researchers conclude that vertebrate populations are declining by an average of 2% each year, and warn that if nothing is done, wildlife populations could fall by 67% (below 1970 levels) by the end of the decade. 
Dr Robin Freeman, head of ZSL's Indicators & Assessments Unit, said: 'But that's assuming things continue as we expect. If pressures '“ overexploitation, illegal wildlife trade, for example '“ increase or worsen, then that trend may be worse. 
'But one of the things I think is most important about these stats, these trends are declines in the number of animals in wildlife populations '“ they are not extinctions. By and large they are not vanishing, and that presents us with an opportunity to do something about it.' Image copyright SCOTT DICKERSON Image caption There are still many gaps in our knowledge of the world's vertebrates 
However, Living Planet reports have drawn some criticisms. 
There are some numbers [in the report] that are sensible, but there are some numbers that are very very sketchy Stuart Pimm, Duke University 
Stuart Pimm, professor of conservation ecology at Duke University in the United States, said that while wildlife was in decline, there were too many gaps in the data to boil population loss down to a single figure. 
'There are some numbers [in the report] that are sensible, but there are some numbers that are very, very sketchy,' he told BBC News. 
'For example, if you look at where the data comes from, not surprisingly, it is massively skewed towards western Europe. 
'When you go elsewhere, not only do the data become far fewer, but in practice they become much, much sketchier'¦ there is almost nothing from South America, from tropical Africa, there is not much from the tropics, period. Any time you are trying to mix stuff like that, it is is very very hard to know what the numbers mean. 
'They're trying to pull this stuff in a blender and spew out a single number'¦. It's flawed.' 
But Dr Freeman said the team had taken the best data possible from around the world. 
'It's completely true that in some regions and in some groups, like tropical amphibians for example, we do have a lack of data. But that's because there is a lack of data. 
'We're confident that the method we are using is the best method to present an overall estimate of population decline. 
'It's entirely possible that species that aren't being monitored as effectively may be doing much worse '“ but I'd be very surprised if they were doing much better than we observed. '

ARTICLE

Opinion: Economics is a Form of Brain Damage 10/27/2016 
UPLIFT CONNECT 
Economics is Not a Science and is Not Based in the Real World 
In today's world, economics is king. Everyone's talking money and economy, yet none of it is actually even real. 
Award winning scientist, author, environmental activist, broadcaster, and geneticist, David Suzuki, gives us the thought provoking truth about economics. 
'Economics is not a science '“ it doesn't even include the earth in its equations. Economics is not based in anything like the real world.' 
'Money now grows faster than the real world and economics is so fundamentally disconnected from the real world that it is destructive.' 
Here David Suzuki explains how conventional economics is a form of brain damage.

ARTICLE

Computers that can read your MIND and convert your thoughts 10/27/2016 
THE DAILY MAIL Voice-recognition technology can be useful for dictating text when you have no way of typing. But computers could soon be able to decode your thoughts into actual speech or written words, without you even saying a word. This kind of technology sounds like science fiction, but there are a variety of ways scientists are edging towards making it a reality, according to a new review. Computers that can read our minds might enhance the capabilities of already existing speech interfaces with devices, like Siri and Ok Google. But it could be even more important for those with speech difficulties, and even more so for patients who lack any speech or motor function at all. 'So instead of saying 'Siri, what is the weather like today' or 'Ok Google, where can I go for lunch?' I just imagine saying these things,' said Christian Herff, author of a review recently published in the journal Frontiers in Human Neuroscience . Reading someone's thoughts might still belong to the realms of science fiction, but scientists are already decoding speech from signals generated in our brains when we speak or listen to someone talking. In the new study, Mr Herff and co-author Dr Tanja Schultz, both from the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, compared the pros and cons of using various brain imaging techniques to take neural signals from the brain and decode them to text. There are a variety of technologies out there, the authors said, including functional MRI and near infrared imaging that detect neural signals based on the metabolic activity of neurons. Another method can detect electromagnetic activity of neurons responding to speech. But there was one method in particular, called electrocorticography, which stood out in the new review, the authors said. This technique uses a brain-to-text system. demonstrated on epilepsy patients who already had electrode grids implanted for treatment of their condition. The patients read out texts presented on a screen in front of them while their brain activity was recorded. This formed the basis of a database of patterns of neural signals that could now be matched to speech elements or 'phones'. When the researchers included language and dictionary models in their algorithms, they were able to decode neural signals to text with a high degree of accuracy. There are a variety of technologies out there, the authors said, including functional MRI (stock image pictured) and near infrared imaging that detect neural signals based on the metabolic activity of neurons COULD HACKERS GET INSIDE YOUR BRAIN? Experts at the University of Washington have revealed how hackers could inserting images into dodgy apps and recording our brain's unintentional reaction using brain-computer interfaces. For example, when playing a video game users may see logos of familiar brands pop-up on the screen that just vanish. Hackers put those images in the game and they were recording your 'brain's unintentional response to them' using a BCI, which can be a wearable device that monitors stress levels or a cap covered in electrodes. This technology could one day be used by advertisers to gather more information about their customers. Also, police officers and government officials could use this method to convict criminals or as a 'remote lie detector test'. 'For the first time, we could show that brain activity can be decoded specifically enough to use ASR (automated speech recognition) technology on brain signals,' said Mr Herff. 'However, the current need for implanted electrodes renders it far from usable in day-to-day life.' To go from here to a functioning thought-detection device will still require some work. 'A first milestone would be to actually decode imagined phrases from brain activity, but a lot of technical issues need to be solved for that,' said Herff. Earlier this year researchers at the University of Rochester revealed a computer program that searches for the brain activity related to certain words and then use this to predict a sentence being thought, even it hasn't seen it before. They said the system is able to get the predictions right around 70 per cent of the time. Dr Andrew Anderson, a research fellow at the University of Rochester who led the study, said the technology could be used to help people who have suffered from a stroke to communicate. The researchers, whose study was published in the journal Cerebral Cortex, used brain scans taken with functional magnetic resonance imaging from 14 participants as they silently read 240 unique sentences.

ARTICLE

Netflix Ceo: TV's Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 
INDEPENDENT 
The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. 
The threats to the streaming TV company might not be Amazon or other streaming services, but instead 'pharmacological' ways of entertaining people, Reed Hastings has said. 
And just as films and TV shows are a supposedly improved version of other entertainments, those same things might eventually become defunct, he said. In the same way that the cinema and TV screen made 'the opera and the novel' much smaller, something else might be on the way to do the same thing, the Netflix boss said at a Wall Street Journal event. 
Those challenges could come from anywhere, he said. They might not be another form of screen: 'Is it VR, is it gaming, is it pharmacological?' Mr Hastings asked the event. 
He went on to say that it might be possible that in the coming years someone will develop a drug that will make people get the same experiences that at the moment come from streaming services like Netflix. Apparently making reference to The Matrix, he said that we might be able to take one pill to escape into a hallucination and then another to come back. 
'In twenty or fifty years, taking a personalized blue pill you just hallucinate in an entertaining way and then a white pill brings you back to normality is perfectly viable,' Mr Hastings said. 'And if the source of human entertainment in thirty or forty years is pharmacological we'll be in real trouble.' 
His references to The Matrix '“ and to being in 'trouble' '“ recall arguments that have recently been made by tech billionaires including Elon Musk and Sam Altman. Both have suggested that it might be possible that we are part of a simulated universe '“ something that they said might be part of a virtual reality world, but could just as easily be the result of a drug-induced hallucination. 
Mr Hastings didn't indicate whether or not Netflix would look to make such drugs itself, or how it would fend off any companies that did. But it does sound a little like something out Black Mirror, which Netflix is showing the new season of at the moment.

ARTICLE

Obama Admits to Rigged Elections back in 2008 10/27/2016 
TRUTH REVOLT 
There's a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is rigged. From Democrats suggesting Russia is tampering with the presidential election to a plethora of documents and undercover video that proves Democrats are trying their darnedest to sway the outcome. 
President Obama has laughed off the notion that Bernie Sanders was forced out by the DNC and believes Donald Trump is out of his mind for suggesting elections are rigged. And of course, Obama would never admit that Hillary Clinton could do something wrong. But candidate Obama, in 2008, sure was concerned that the election might be rigged against him. 
Video of him answering a campaign question has surfaced to put to rest the notion that he doesn't believe in the possibility: 
'Well, I tell you what: it helps in Ohio that we've got Democrats in charge of the machines. [Cheering] But look, I come from Chicago, so I want to be honest, it's not as if it's just Republicans who have monkeyed around with elections in the past, sometimes Democrats have too. You know, whenever people are in power, they're '” you know, they have this tendency to try to, you know, tilt things in their direction.' 
Watch above. 
The Freedom Center is a 501c3 non-profit organization. Therefore we do not endorse political candidates either in primary or general elections. However, as defenders of America's social contract, we insist that the rules laid down by both parties at the outset of campaigns be respected, and that the results be decided by free elections. We will oppose any attempt to rig the system and deny voters of either party their constitutional right to elect candidates of their choice.

ARTICLE

Julian Assange Proof of Life Video a FAKE 10/27/2016 In today's video, Christopher Greene of AMTV reports on a fake Julian Assange Proof of Life Video. 09/27/2016 Jump 4 TRUMP 
I saw a video on you tube today stating that Julians' attorney was murdered a couple days ago. Follow AMTV! 10/27/2016 TRUTH REVOLT http://youtu.be/PsVNKmb6jEc There's a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is r ... Netflix Ceo: TV's Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 INDEPENDENT The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. The thr ...

ARTICLE

Alex Jones Declares Trump Landslide Victory 10/27/2016 In today's video, Christopher Greene of AMTV reports on Alex Jones Prediction of a Donald Trump Landslide Victory. 10/27/2016 TRUTH REVOLT http://youtu.be/PsVNKmb6jEc There's a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is r ... Netflix Ceo: TV's Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 INDEPENDENT The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. The thr ...

ARTICLE

10/27/2016 TRUTH REVOLT http://youtu.be/PsVNKmb6jEc There's a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is r ... Netflix Ceo: TV's Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 INDEPENDENT The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. The thr ...

ARTICLE

Julian Assange October Surprise REVEALED 10/28/2016 In today's video, Christopher Greene of AMTV reports on the Julian Assange October Surprise & Rants about a Complacent Mainstream Media. 10/27/2016 TRUTH REVOLT http://youtu.be/PsVNKmb6jEc There's a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is r ... Netflix Ceo: TV's Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 INDEPENDENT The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. The thr ...

ARTICLE

BOMBSHELL! FBI Reopens Investigation on Hillary Clinton 10/28/2016 In today's video, Christopher Greene of AMTV explains somebody very powerful just pulled the rug from under Hillary Clinton. 10/27/2016 TRUTH REVOLT http://youtu.be/PsVNKmb6jEc There's a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is r ... Netflix Ceo: TV's Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 INDEPENDENT The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. The thr ...

ARTICLE

5 Possibilities Why Comey Reopened Hillary Email Investigation 10/29/2016 
  explains 5 possibilities why FBI Director James Comey reopened the Hillary Clinton email investigation from covering his ass to the extreme. 10/27/2016 TRUTH REVOLT http://youtu.be/PsVNKmb6jEc There's a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is r ... Netflix Ceo: TV's Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 INDEPENDENT The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. The thr ...

ARTICLE

World War 3 is on the Horizon 10/30/2016 In today's mini-doc, we explain the implications of the U.S. Election and why World War 3 is on the Horizon. 10/27/2016 TRUTH REVOLT http://youtu.be/PsVNKmb6jEc There's a lot of accusations going around that the 2016 election is r ... Netflix Ceo: TV's Future includes Hallucination Pills 10/27/2016 INDEPENDENT The future of TV might everyone taking hallucinogenic drugs, according to the head of Netflix. The thr ...

ARTICLE

  
  block the US from being stationed on the islands off Hokkaido in the strategic Sea of Okhotsk, if this helps persuade Russia to give them back. 
The islands are inhabited, and in Russia are called the Southern Kurils '“ but for Japan they are Etorofu, Kunashiri, Shikotan, and the Habomai islet group. These territories, which became Russian after Japan's defeat in World War II under the San Francisco Peace Treaty of 1951, saw a rift between the two countries preventing them from signing the peace treaty to formally end the war. Tokyo insists the four islets are not part of the Kuril chain and should be returned under its control. 
In September, Russian President Vladimir Putin told Bloomberg that Russia does not 'trade territories.' But ahead of his visit to Tokyo in mid-December, Japan's diplomatic sources told Kyodo News that Moscow would hand over Shikotan and Habomai islet group following the peace deal, as stated by the 1956 Japan-Soviet Joint Declaration. 
The sources, however, said Russia may be concerned that the US military could be stationed on the territories after Japan gets them back. According to Article 5 of the Japan-US security treaty, Washington is allowed to station its troops in areas administered by Japan. 
The Japanese government is now looking into the potential consequences, should they exclude the islands from Article 5, the sources said, with one of them adding that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe could go as far as announcing that the islands do not fall under Article 5. 
Other sources, however, think that 'a realistic scenario is that the prime minister shows his political will and seeks consent from the United States.' 
At the same time, 'Russia won't agree to hand over [the islands] unless the possibility of stationing the US military there is ruled out,' a source familiar with the Japanese-Russian ties told The Japan Times over the weekend. 
Nevertheless, convincing the US to okay such conditions seems very difficult, a Japanese government source said, adding that 'It could even shake the foundations of the [Japan-US military] alliance.' 
For Russia, the area around the disputed islands is of 'extremely high importance' because it faces the Sea of Okhotsk, a Japanese government source said, and a foreign military in these waters could hamper both essential military drills and the use of a major access route to the Pacific Ocean. 
Tokyo has already rejected the report, saying they are not planning to review Article 5, TASS news agency said, citing Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida reiterated it, adding that the Japan-US treaty 'applies and will apply' to all territories and waters which are administered by Japan. 
Earlier in the month, Tokyo also denied Nikkei's report that Japan and Russia were discussing joint administration of the Kuril Islands. 
'There is no change in Japan's fundamental position that Japan will conclude the peace treaty with Russia by resolving the issue of the possession of the four northern islands,' Japanese Foreign Ministry spokesman Yasuhira Kawamura told Reuters in an email at that time. 
Russia has always insisted that any change in the status of the islands is out of the question, as it would constitute a reassessment of the results of World War II, which is expressly banned by international treaties.

ARTICLE

41 Days And 8 Months Later: Dissecting The Oregon Standoff Trial 10/31/2016 
OPB 
In the shadow of trees covering Chapman Square park in downtown Portland, four of seven defendants acquitted of conspiracy in the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge posed for pictures. 
David Fry smiled as he flashed a peace sign. He slung his arms around co-defendants Neil Wampler '” clutching a hotdog from the victory barbecue and a stack of newspapers with his face on them '” and Shawna Cox. Jeff Banta stood to the far right. An alternate juror named Sarah Foultner stood between them while a supporter cycled through phones to capture the moment for everyone. 
The prosecution didn't picture the trial ending like this. 
'Disappointing,' said U.S. Attorney for Oregon Billy Williams of the not guilty verdicts. 'Bitterly so.' 
Just as quickly as the defense proclaimed a victory for rural America, occupation opponents dubbed the result an embarrassing loss for the prosecution. And supporters of other movements '” #BlackLivesMatter and #NoDAPL to name two '” wondered aloud about the meaning of justice. 
But 41 days and eight months later, the leaders of the armed occupation in eastern Oregon were found not guilty by a jury of peers. 
Still, questions remain: How did it happen? And what happens next? Ammon Bundy Hometown: Emmett, Idaho NOT GUILTY 
Leader of the Malheur refuge occupation. Before Oregon, Ammon Bundy was less prominent than his siblings in protesting the federal government. Ryan Bundy Hometown: Cedar City, Utah NOT GUILTY 
Eldest of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy's 14 children. Worked alongside his brother, Ammon Bundy, as a leader of the Malheur occupation. The Charges 
Ammon Bundy, Ryan Bundy and five others were charged with conspiracy to impede federal employees from doing their jobs by force, threat or intimidation. 
'It's a favorite charge of prosecutors,' said Portland defense attorney Kevin Sali before the trial began. 'When people are involved in a conspiracy they can be liable '¦ for things their co-conspirators did.' 
The Bundys, Fry, Banta and Cox also faced weapons charges. (Prosecutors dropped those against Cox .) Ryan Bundy and Kenneth Medenbach were also charged with theft of government property. Internet radio show host Pete Santilli also faced a conspiracy charge but it was later dropped . 
The jury found the defendants not guilty on all but one charge. They failed to reach consensus on Ryan Bundy's theft charge stemming from the removal of government surveillance cameras at the refuge. 
In light of the verdict, questions swirled about whether the prosecution brought the proper charges. 
Williams, the U.S. Attorney for Oregon, said prosecutors could have brought criminal trespass charges and tried the occupiers in state court. But misdemeanor trespassing didn't seem to pass for muster '” prosecutors wanted to bring felonies. 
'If there had been some other federal statute that specifically addresses the conduct, we would have considered using it,' Williams said in an interview with OPB's Amelia Templeton . 'We have and still believe we brought the most applicable and appropriate charges under the evidence, which is our duty.' A watch tower at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. Andy Dunbar, a rancher who lives adjacent to the refuge, explained his view of the occupation in court. Amelia Templeton/OPB The Prosecution 
Some described the prosecution's case as a 'slam dunk.' In basketball, a slam dunk is a show of force. 
Mike Arnold, Ammon Bundy's previous attorney, told OPB's Anna Griffin he thinks the prosecution brought felony charges to make a powerful statement with 'serious prison time.' 
'Their goal is to prevent any sort of activity like this in the future from the actual defendants themselves and other like-minded folks,' Arnold said. 
Prosecutors brought mounds of evidence to the table '” sometimes literally, like when they brought a large display of firearms and ammunition into the courtroom. 
And rarely did defendants dispute the facts of the case. They admitted to illegally taking over a federal facility, even to bringing their arms. 
'It didn't bother me to be arrested because I'm where I want to be right now,' Medenbach said on the stand . 'Like the Bundys, I've been called by a higher power '¦ we all know this is what God called us to do.' 
But prosecutors missed the dunk. And just like in basketball, a missed dunk in the courtroom can be humiliating. 
Juror No. 4 '” who earlier sparked a fellow juror's dismissal by questioning his impartiality '” wrote the Oregonian/OregonLive saying the prosecution came off as arrogant in its case. 
'The air of triumphalism that the prosecution brought was not lost on any of us,' the juror wrote. 
The prosecution moved through its case quickly. Prosecutors rested after 13 days. They cross-examined Ammon Bundy for just 15 minutes . Their closing argument lasted less than two hours. 
Williams admitted the hurry with which prosecutors prepared their case may have hurt it. He called the legal timeline 'extraordinary.' 
The prosecution focused heavily on the occupiers' intent behind the refuge takeover. But the jury ultimately determined the prosecution failed to prove impeding federal employees was the occupiers' goal '” even if the occupation actually did impede employees. The Defense 
Matt Schindler, Medenbach's hybrid counsel, delivered a thunderous closing argument on Oct. 19. 
The charge all seven occupiers faced was conspiracy to impede federal employees from doing their jobs by threat, force or intimidation. 
'I just sat through five weeks of a trial about threatening federal employees without hearing a single threat,' Schindler said in his closing argument. 
The defense tried to make its case bigger than the Bureau of Land Management and U.S. Fish and Wildlife employees in Harney County. 
Five defendants ended up taking the stand, speaking at length about the U.S. Constitution, land management, divinity, and the 2014 standoff in Bunkerville, Nevada. Ryan Bundy questioned his wife on the stand. David Fry giggled when prosecutors asked him about using government computers. Medenbach reveled in the glory of public testimony after decades of protesting the federal government. 
In their closing arguments, defense attorneys attempted to instill into the jurors a sense of political responsibility. 
'We're counting on you to stop government overreach,' Marcus Mumford, Ammon Bundy's attorney, told the jury. 'Our trust is in you.' 
A jury found seven defendants charged in the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge not guilty, following a trial that lasted several weeks. The Verdict 
Defense attorneys expressed shock at the verdict; even they did not expect such a result. It came despite scrutiny from U.S. District Court Judge Anna Brown and prosecutors for lack of organization . 
Defendants and their supporters erupted into tearful celebration outside the federal courthouse in downtown Portland (and streamed it live online, just like much of the occupation). 
'We came to Oregon '” to Harney County '” seeking justice,' defendant Neil Wampler said after his acquittal, 'and today we found it.' 
But despite defendants' and supporters' cries of victory, Juror No. 4 wrote in his letter to the Oregonian that the verdict was not an endorsement of the occupiers' political beliefs. 
'It should be known that all 12 jurors felt that this verdict was a statement regarding the various failures of the prosecution to prove 'conspiracy' in the count itself '” and not any form of affirmation of the defense's various beliefs, actions or aspirations,' the juror wrote. 
Defendants and their supporters celebrated a not guilty verdict in the trial of seven people involved in the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. The Celebration 
The mood was jubilant among occupiers and their supporters, who grilled, milled and posed for cameras in downtown Portland on the Friday following the verdict. 
Many people have said they fear the verdict will embolden defendants and their supporters. Cox and Fry both said they would participate in protests like the Oregon Standoff again. 
'If I have a compelling urge to come out here to join a protest, if I think it's a legitimate reason to come, I'll absolutely protest,' Fry told OPB. Teressa Raiford speaks at a Don't Shoot PDX-organized rally on Portland State University's campus. Bradley W. Parks/OPB 
The reaction was different just a few blocks away. 
Don't Shoot PDX, a Portland activist group supportive of the Black Lives Matter movement, was holding what was supposed to be a rally, unrelated to the trial, at Portland State University. 
'I don't know how I can keep telling people to protest,' lead organizer Teressa Raiford told the crowd. Raiford seemed exhausted. 
The occupiers' acquittal came the same day more than 100 protesters in North Dakota were forcibly removed from the construction site of the Dakota Access Pipeline and arrested. It came weeks after Don't Shoot PDX protesters were pushed out of City Hall and pepper-sprayed by Portland police. 
Raiford expressed anger at having to discuss the Malheur trial verdict. She and countless others on social media highlighted what many see as a double-standard in how law enforcement and the justice system punish people of color. With the exception of David Fry, defendants in the occupation case were all white. All jury members were also white. 
'Forty-one days at a compound on federal land,' Raiford said, pointing to weapons at the refuge, occupiers' refusal to leave, and threats made by occupiers against the FBI. 
'The difference is we would have been murdered,' Raiford said. 
Jarvis Kennedy, of the Burns, Oregon, Paiute tribe told OPB's Amanda Peacher he was angry with the verdict. Kennedy and the Paiute tribe have been vocal opponents of the Malheur occupation from the start. However, Kennedy added he was now more motivated to fight for Native lands and rights . 
Don't Shoot PDX eventually marched past the occupation supporters' barbecue Friday, where they staged a die-in near the courthouse steps and burned an American flag . 
After a brief shouting match, Bundy supporters went back to the grill and Don't Shoot PDX continued to City Hall. A member of the Pacific Patriots Network at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in January. Many wonder if the verdict in the Oregon occupation trial will embolden militia groups to take up armed land battles throughout the West. Dave Blanchard/OPB The Implication 
Ammon and Ryan Bundy are still in federal custody, despite an animated effort by Marcus Mumford to win his client's release upon receiving the verdict. 
After arguing with Judge Brown for Ammon Bundy to be let go, Mumford was tackled by U.S. Marshals, allegedly tased, briefly detained and later released. 
The Bundy brothers still face charges for the 2014 standoff in Bunkerville led by their father, Cliven Bundy. 
Seven Oregon occupiers still await trial in February, though the status of those proceedings could be in limbo. 
Shawna Cox called Thursday's outcome 'just one win' in a larger movement to change how the federal government manages land in the American West. 
U.S. Attorney Billy Williams seemed to hope more people would shun the Bundys' form of protest. 
'There are a good number of folks in rural America who are of the mind that you don't take arms and take over a federal facility to prove your point,' Williams said. 
The Oregon verdict will certainly color the conversation around the impending trial in Nevada. The result there '” where the penalties for alleged crimes are slightly more harsh than Oregon '” has the potential to make even bigger waves in the so-called patriot movement . 
But occupiers and their supporters cooking out in downtown Portland took heart in the Oregon verdict and envisioned a long fight ahead of them on behalf of rural Americans. 
Under downtown shade-trees, defendant Jeff Banta approached supporter David Zion Brugger, who decorated his hat and shirt with 'NOT GUILTY' buttons, and shook his hand. 
In a hushed voice, Banta said, 'See you down the road.' Share On:

ARTICLE

Nuclear tensions between US, Russia reach 'dangerous' point 10/31/2016 
PRESS TV 
US-Russian relations have slipped to their lowest point since the end of the Cold War, with tensions now spilling over to nuclear pacts and each side accusing the other of cheating, experts say. 
'I would have to say that, without question, this is the low point in US-Russian relations since the end of the Cold War,' Steven Pifer, an arms control expert at the Brookings Institution, told NPR. 
The relationship took a turn for the worse two years ago with the conflict in Ukraine and slid lower last year with Russia's air campaign in Syria, noted Pifer, a former US ambassador to Ukraine. 
This year, tensions have continued to mount with Russian and US aircraft buzzing each other over the Baltic and Washington accusing Moscow of trying to interfere in the US presidential elections, he added. 
Bickering over nuclear issues has also increased markedly in recent months. 
Early this month, Russia moved a battery of nuclear-capable missile launchers within range of three Baltic states, in what US officials said was a gesture to express displeasure with NATO. A Russian serviceman walks past Russian Iskander-M missile launchers before a rehearsal for the Victory Day parade, with the Moscow International Business Center also known as 'Moskva-City' seen in the background, at a range in Moscow, Russia, May 5, 2016. (Photo by Reuters) 
In late October, Russia unveiled images of a new intercontinental ballistic missile dubbed the Satan 2, which, it says, can carry up to 15 separate warheads powerful enough to destroy an area the size of Texas. 
The US, in September, flew three long-range nuclear bombers over Eastern Europe to participate in NATO military exercises. 
These developments have worried nuclear arms experts. 
'We are in a dangerous situation,' Hans Kristensen, director of the Nuclear Information Project at the Federation of American Scientists, told NPR. 'Certainly a situation that is much more dire or tense than it was 10 years ago.' 
In 1987, four years before the Soviet Union collapsed, Washington and Moscow signed a long-negotiated treaty '“ known as the Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces Treaty '“ to eliminate their arsenals of nuclear and conventional ground-launched ballistic and cruise missiles with ranges of 500 to 5,500 kilometers. 
'Since May 2013, the Obama administration has repeatedly raised concerns with Russia regarding its lack of compliance with the INF Treaty,' a senior administration official told NPR on condition of anonymity. 
The official said Washington has called for a rare meeting of the treaty's Special Verification Commission 'in the coming weeks' to try to resolve the matter. 
'I actually think this is a good step,' Pifer said of the decision. 
The US claims that an intermediate-range missile being developed by Russia is not in line with the INF Treaty and wants clarification from Moscow. 
'What the administration has said is that they provided enough information to the Russians so that the Russians could identify the missile in question. The Russians thus far have said no, they haven't got enough information, so you're in that kind of war of words,' Pifer added. President Putin speaks during a news conference. (File photo by AFP) 
The war of words further escalated in early October when Russian President Vladimir Putin announced the suspension of a Cold War deal with the US to dispose of weapons-grade plutonium. 
'That, I believe, was a little bit of a poke at President Obama, who attaches a lot of importance to the nuclear nonproliferation agenda,' Pifer said. 
Tensions are bound to mount even further over the next few months as the US and its NATO allies prepare to move thousands of troops as well as heavy military equipment to countries along and near Russia's border, namely Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania. A US Army convoy rolls through Liepupe, Latvia, on its way from Estonia to Germany. (Photo by European Pressphoto Agency) 
'This is a gradual sort of escalation of tensions between the two sides that goes beyond discourse and just disagreements over a treaty,' Kristensen said. 'It's getting pretty deep now.' 
The rising tensions between the two nuclear powers have other experts worried. 
'We could head into a nuclear conflict which would devastate humanity,' American writer and retired professor James Petras told Press TV earlier this month. 
'We need to move away from this saber-rattling from Washington into a position that could come to terms with peaceful co-existence, but I don't see that on the horizon in present or the near future with either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump as presidential candidates,' he said.

ARTICLE

Man in Freddy Krueger Costume Crashes Halloween Party and Shoots 5 People 10/31/2016 
TIME 
A man wearing a Freddy Krueger costume opened fire at a Halloween party in Texas on Sunday, injuring five people , police said. 
The man, dressed as the villain from the Nightmare on Elm Street horror film series, arrived at the San Antonio house party uninvited and with several other men, KENS 5 reports. Violence erupted about 5 a.m. when partygoers tried kicking out the unwelcome guests. The unidentified man dressed as Freddy Krueger whipped out a gun from his costume and fired, striking four men and one woman, authorities said. 
All of the suspects fled, and those injured were taken to the hospital, according to the San Antonio Express-News . Their conditions were unclear Monday. 
The incident is under investigation.

ARTICLE

Joint Drills Between China, Saudis To 'Fight Terrorism' 10/31/2016 
SPUTNIK NEWS 
China is improving its Special Forces combat capability to protect national interests abroad. Sputnik spoke with Russian experts about the first antiterrorist drills of the Special Forces of China and Saudi Arabia. 
The joint drills demonstrating combat skills and tactics took place for two weeks on the ground, in the vicinity of the Chinese city of Chungqing. 
The drills came to an end on Thursday and according to reports, 25 members of the Special Forces from each side took part in the exercises. Among the observers were Afghan military experts, who drew attention to the training that was focused on hostage rescue and improvement of overall combat training. 
Saudi Arabia is the first country in the Arab East with whom China has held bilateral military exercises. 
Expert from the Diplomatic Academy of China, Gao Fei, believes that it is natural for China and Saudi Arabia to have a partnership in this sphere. 
'Saudi Arabia is a major regional power and the largest oil-producing country. It competes with Russia for the title of the world's leading oil producer. In regard to oil reserves, it also holds the first place in the world,' Fei said. 
He further said that the country plays an important role in economics, politics and security in the whole region. In short, Saudi Arabia is an influential regional power. 
According to Fei, 'Last month, China surpassed the US as world's largest importer of oil. Cooperation between China and Saudi Arabia as an importer and supplier of oil shows mutual benefit and common interests.' 
In addition, China is already a major player in the international arena; its diplomacy has its own specifics. It not only gives meaning to its own interests, but also in international affairs takes the role of the responsible power. 
The expert further said that in the long term 'cooperation between China and Saudi Arabia will contribute to solving existing global problems, form a new world order, help search for consensus on specific issues and contribute to expansion joint interest.' 
The choice of Saudi Arabia as China's partner to conduct anti-terrorist exercises is not surprising, according to an expert at the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies, Ajdar Kuratov. 
Kuratov said that Saudi Arabia is the main economic partner of China in the Middle East, a region where growth of China's presence is particularly noticeable. 
China's leadership is likely quite concerned with terrorism against the country and its citizens. Cases such as hostage taking on airplanes and other public places and attacks on public buildings are a big concern for the country.

ARTICLE

China repeatedly hacked US, stole data on nukes, FBI & war plans 10/31/2016 
RUSSIA TODAY Chinese intelligence repeatedly targeted US national security agencies and email accounts of US officials, a soon-to-be-released report says, adding that Beijing spies targeted info on nuclear weapons, FBI investigations and war plans. 
'Chinese intelligence has repeatedly infiltrated US national security entities and extracted information with serious consequences for US national security, including information on the plans and operations of US military forces and the designs of US weapons and weapons systems,' a draft annual report for 2016 said, as cited by the Washington Free Beacon. 
The final version of the report of the US-China Economic and Security Review Commission is to be released November 16. 
The hacks allowed Beijing to gain 'insight into the operation of US platforms and the operational approaches of US forces to potential contingencies in the region,' it goes on. 
According to the document, China applied efforts at 'cyber and human infiltration' of national security sectors, including the FBI and the US Pacific Command. The report says that Washington 'faces a large and growing threat to its national security from Chinese intelligence collection operations.' 
Chinese spies reportedly hacked into secret US war plans, gaining information about nuclear weapons, and snooping into electrical power grids and financial networks. US Diplomatic, economic, and defense industrial sectors have also been the targets of China. 
'US critical infrastructure entities are a major target of Chinese cyber operations, and China is capable of significantly disrupting or damaging these entities,' the report said. 
The Chinese allegedly hacked into secret data of the MQ-9 Reaper drone, which has been a staple of US airstrikes in Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan over the past 9 years. 
US academics who work for the groups involved in China studies have also been reportedly targeted by Beijing. The document names an American student in China, Glenn Duffie Shriver, as a target. Shriver was convicted of conspiracy to spy for China in 2010. He was released in 2013. 
Obama administration officials have not escaped China's alleged digital predation. 
'Among the information extracted were 5.6 million fingerprints, some of which could be used to identify undercover US government agents or to create duplicates of biometric data to obtain access to classified areas,' the report said. 
Several organizations allegedly contribute to China's intelligence operations, including the Ministry of State Security (MSS), the People's Liberation Army (PLA), and Communist Party military, as well as the PLA General Political Department and the Party's United Front Work Department.

ARTICLE

Get Ready For Civil Unrest 10/31/2016 
ECONOMIC COLLAPSE BLOG 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? Let's hope that it doesn't happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned 'about the possibility of violence' on election day'¦ 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are 'very concerned.' Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are 'very confident' about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won't recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn't have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump's star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax'¦ 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump's star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June '¦ 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate's star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump's star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump's star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted 'Nazi Republicans get out of town or else' along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece'¦ 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, 'Why can't they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?' 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. 'The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by 'some thugs' that a barmaid called out from the back.' Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a 'Blue Lives Matter' shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a 'Make America Great Again' baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let's certainly hope that we don't see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is 'grabbing my musket' if Donald Trump loses the election'¦ 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, 'On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. You in?' 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today '¦ 
'Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I've been buying a lot more ammunition,' says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan's Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to 'declare martial law and take our guns away' after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton's political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month '¦ 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. Share On:

ARTICLE

Genetically Modified Crops in U.S. Fail to Deliver Expected Yields 10/31/2016 
ALL GOV 
The controversy over genetically modified crops has long focused on largely unsubstantiated fears that they are unsafe to eat. 
But an extensive examination by The New York Times indicates that the debate has missed a more basic problem '” genetic modification in the United States and Canada has not accelerated increases in crop yields or led to an overall reduction in the use of chemical pesticides. 
The promise of genetic modification was twofold: By making crops immune to the effects of weedkillers and inherently resistant to many pests, they would grow so robustly that they would become indispensable to feeding the world's growing population, while also requiring fewer applications of sprayed pesticides. 
Twenty years ago, Europe largely rejected genetic modification at the same time the United States and Canada were embracing it. Comparing results on the two continents, using independent data as well as academic and industry research, shows how the technology has fallen short of the promise. 
An analysis by The Times using U.N. data showed that the United States and Canada have gained no discernible advantage in yields when measured against Western Europe, a region with comparably modernized agricultural producers like France and Germany . Also, a recent National Academy of Sciences report found 'there was little evidence' that the introduction of genetically modified crops in the United States had led to yield gains beyond those seen in conventional crops. 
At the same time, herbicide use has increased in the United States, even as major crops like corn, soybeans and cotton have been converted to modified varieties. And the United States has fallen behind Europe's biggest producer, France, in reducing the overall use of pesticides, which includes both herbicides and insecticides. 
One measure, contained in data from the U.S. Geological Survey , shows the stark difference in the use of pesticides. Since GM crops were introduced in the United States two decades ago for crops like corn, cotton and soybeans, the use of toxins that kill insects and fungi has fallen by a third, but the spraying of herbicides, which are used in much higher volumes, has risen 21 percent. 
By contrast, in France, use of insecticides and fungicides has fallen 65 percent and herbicide use has decreased 36 percent. 
To Learn More:

ARTICLE

Wikileaks' Assange Promises Hillary's Arrest With Next Release 10/31/2016 
TRUTHREVOLT.ORG 
It has been a devastating period for the Hillary Clinton campaign. First, the FBI re-opened the investigation into her e-mail scandal and now, Julian Assange has promised that what's in the next batch of e-mails to be published to Wikileaks will lead to her arrest. 
Since the first week of October, there have been 21 batches released totaling 35,594 e-mails. According to a message on Twitter, there are more than 50,000 remaining. 
In a broadcast for Russia Today, a London reporter said, 'Assange will be releasing more material in what he says will provide enough evidence to see Hillary Clinton arrested.' 
These will be the nail in Hillary Clinton's coffin, she added. 
Assange assured Russia has no involvement in his e-mail hacking like Democrats are claiming. The DNC servers, he said, were 'ripe for hacking' and 'riddled with holes.' 
Video below:

ARTICLE

Army says 2-star general committed suicide 10/31/2016 
MSN 
The Army said Friday it has determined that suicide was the cause of death of a two-star general who was found dead in his home on a military base in Alabama. 
Maj. Gen. John Rossi was found dead July 31 at Redstone Arsenal, two days before he was to assume command of Army Space and Missile Defense Command. 
He is the first Army general to commit suicide on active duty since record-keeping began in 2000, according to the Army. Military suicides soared earlier this decade and remain a major source of concern; they typically have affected lower-ranking military members. 
Rossi, a West Point academy graduate and an air defense artillery officer by training, had just moved onto Redstone Arsenal and was scheduled to be promoted to lieutenant general when he took command of Space and Missile Defense Command. 
A written statement by the Army on Friday made no mention of what might have prompted Rossi to take his own life. 
The Rossi family issued a statement through the Army expressing thanks for wide support and urging those who may need suicide-prevention help to seek it immediately. 
'To the Army, he was Maj. Gen. Rossi,' it said. 'To us, he was John '” husband, dad.' 
'We ask for the time and space to grieve in private, and for the Army to continue to better understand suicide, and to help and treat those in need,' the family statement added. 'For our family, this has been an incredibly painful time, and we ask that you continue to keep us in your thoughts and prayers. To all the other families out there, to the man or woman who may be facing challenging times, please seek assistance immediately. Compassionate and confidential assistance is available.'

ARTICLE

Hillary Reboots 'Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy' Playbook 10/31/2016 
LIFEZETTE 
Before even 24 hours had passed since the FBI director informed Congress on Friday that it was reopening the probe into Hillary Clinton's emails, Clinton suggested the director was in cahoots with the Republican Party. 
'We've made it very clear that, if they are going to be sending this kind of letter that is only going originally to Republican members of the House, that they need to share whatever facts they claim to have with the American people,' Clinton said on Friday, after initially being blindsided by the FBI's announcement. 
The claim wasn't true. All you had to do is turn the page and find Democratic members of Congress who had also received the letter from the FBI. But it shows how ready Clinton is to fight anyone in the government who dares investigate or question her. It is likely a habit Clinton picked up when she was first lady, from 1993 to 2001. 
Clinton's opening salvo, though weak, is a sign of more to come. Her coming attack on the FBI and its director, James Comey, will likely begin in earnest on Monday, with her operatives using the letter to Congress as proof Clinton is the victim of a political conspiracy. 
Clinton previewed her attack in Daytona Beach, Florida, on Saturday, when she said the letter was 'unprecedented and deeply troubling.' 
Clinton will also turn the issue into one of 'transparency' '” even though FBI investigations are inherently not transparent. In Daytona, she called on Comey to 'explain everything right away, put it all right on the table' '” a demand she knows will go unheeded. 
But many of Clinton's allies in the media are likely to demand to see the emails found on former Rep. Anthony Weiner's laptop. 
It's a strategy that could work, even with only a few days left until Election Day. 
Such attacks on law enforcement worked fairly well for Clinton in 1998, when she and her husband, then-President Bill Clinton, vilified independent counsel Kenneth Starr. Starr had been tasked by Bill Clinton's own attorney general to investigate corruption charges, but likely rued the day he ever took the job. 
In 1994, Bill Clinton faced questions from many, including The New York Times, about an investment the Clintons made in a company called Whitewater Development Corp. Bill Clinton's attorney general, Janet Reno, made Robert Fiske the independent counsel. 
Fiske would later be replaced by Starr. Starr's investigation would later reach into charges that President Clinton had lied in the Paula Jones sexual harassment civil trial. With explosive charges being published by the Drudge Report and Newsweek in January 1998 that Bill Clinton had seduced an intern, Monica Lewinsky, the Clintons could have been expected to admit the truth and take the punishments. 
Instead, the Clinton White House and the Democrats began attacking Starr and the Republicans. 
On Jan. 27, 1998, Hillary Clinton went on NBC's 'The Today Show' and goaded the press into covering the opposition rather than President Bill Clinton, who had lied about his affair with Lewinsky just one day earlier. 
Matt Lauer asked if Hillary Clinton had said the fight against Starr would be the 'last great battle' of the Clinton White House. 
'Well, I don't know if I've been that dramatic,' Hillary Clinton replied. 'But I do believe that this is a battle. I mean, look at the very people who are involved in this '” they have popped up in other settings. This is '” the great story here for anybody willing to find it and write about it and explain it is this vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president.' 
The Starr report on the Clinton scandals was released months later. But what the Clintons are really proud of that is that the Democrats actually gained seats in the 1998 midterm elections, helping to cause a backfire against the GOP. 
The GOP didn't have anywhere near the two-thirds majority in the Senate to remove Bill Clinton. In early 1999, the U.S. Senate acquitted Bill Clinton on two charges: obstruction of justice, and perjury. 
It taught the Clintons the wrong lesson: to fight authorities if authorities questioned them '” even authorities within the Democratic Party. Clinton will be targeting and attacking President Obama's own FBI director as Obama leaves office.

ARTICLE

Here is Elon Musk's True Mars On Earth Plan 11/01/2016 
GAME N GUIDE 
Elon Musk, the founder of SpaceX recently held a Reddit Ask Me Anything session at 6:00 p.m. ET on Oct. 23. The session was said to be a follow-up to the executive's speech in Mexico last month. Musk unveiled his plans for a refueling site and eventually habitation in the methane-rich planet. SpaceX is said to have raised more questions lately than it has revealed. The inventor and conglomerate went to Twitter to announce the session, Engadget reported. For instance, the company's plan on colonizing Mars is yet to be discussed as well as the reliability of its space rockets and how it can be improved. In addition, the company also previously revealed that it would be reusing their rockets but have kept mum on how. Previously, Musk had a speech at the International Astronautical Congress in Guadalajara, Mexico in September. In the said Congress, Musk revealed his plans of sending humans to Mars apparently costing a whooping $10 billion each. Moreover he stated that humans will be turned into a multi-planetary species within the span of 40 years to a century. Musk revealed his vision with massive reusable rockets launching into a parking orbit stating that the rockets may be refueled by propellant tankers. Additionally, Musk plans to launch a thousand spaceships with a hundred people each en masse for Mars. He further revealed that a refueling station would be placed on the red planet to harvest methane fuel so settlers may come back to Earth. Hence, the first rocket to be sent is the Dragon spacecraft to search for a site to plant the refueling station followed by a spaceship with equipment to build the refueling station, LA Times reported. Musk went on to describe his ideal vision for human habitation on Mars. Musk revealed that glass panels with carbon fiber frames would be brought to the red planet to build geodesic domes on the planet's surface. Furthermore, several miner and tunneling droids would also be sent to Mars. The droids are expected to be used to build large quantities of pressurized space for industrial operations along with glass domes for green living. Watch Elon Musk's Mars colonization event in 5 minutes.

ARTICLE

Asteroid Warning System Found 'City-Killer' Object Heading Toward Earth 11/01/2016 
DAILY CALLER 
NASA's new asteroid warning system detected a large 'city-killer' asteroid hurtling toward Earth less than a week before it narrowly missed. 
The rock, officially named 2016 UR36, was first detected Oct. 25 by a telescope in Hawaii and passed by Earth five days later. The asteroid missed by a distance of only 310,000 miles, around 1.3 times further away than the Moon. That's incredibly close in space terms. 
2016 UR36 could be up to 82 feet across, roughly comparable in size to the meteor that exploded over Russia in February 2013, causing hundreds of injuries . 
If 2016 UR36 had slammed into Earth, it would have struck with a force 55 times stronger than the atomic bomb that destroyed Hiroshima near the end of World War II. That's more than enough force to level a city. 
NASA director Charles Bolden told reporters in 2013 that the only response to a such a late detection of an asteroid set to collide with Earth was to ' Pray .' 
Global asteroid detection programs found more than 15,176 near-Earth objects of all sizes with 1,562 new near-Earth objects being identified this year alone, according to International Astronomical Union's Minor Planets Center . These newly discovered near-Earth objects are part of a much larger population of more than 700,000 known asteroids in our Solar System. 
NASA and its European partners are now focused on finding objects that are 450 feet in diameter or larger, which could devastate a city or country if they struck Earth. 
In the event an asteroid couldn't be prevented from hitting Earth, the Planetary Defense Coordination Office would work with Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), the Department of Defense, and other federal agencies to coordinate disaster response.

ARTICLE

Oregon Standoff Acquittal Sparks Fears of New Land Disputes 11/01/2016 
AGWEB 
The stunning acquittal of seven people who occupied a federal wildlife sanctuary in Oregon during an armed standoff raised fears Friday that the verdict could embolden other militant groups in a long-running dispute over government-owned Western lands. 
Meanwhile, a juror said the decision was a rejection of the prosecution's conspiracy case, not an endorsement of the defendants' actions. 
Supporters of Ammon Bundy celebrated the verdict and said it could invite more confrontations. The government's top federal land official, Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, issued a statement urging all employees to 'remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity.' 
An activist from Boise, Idaho, who once camped by a memorial to occupier LaVoy Finicum at the site where he was shot dead by police, predicted that the verdict would encourage others to act. 
'I think a lot more people will be revolting, rebelling and standing up against what we see as a tyrannical government,' William C. Fisher said in a telephone interview. 
The 41-day takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge last January in remote eastern Oregon was part of a larger debate about the use of federal lands in the West. The militants led by Bundy, a small business owner from Arizona, wanted to hand the refuge over to local officials, saying the federal government should not have dominion over it. 
The U.S. government owns nearly half of all land in the West, compared with only 4 percent in other states, according to the Congressional Overview of Federal Land Ownership. 
One of the jurors in the case asserted Friday that the panel was not endorsing militancy to resolve those issues. 
The juror, identified only as Juror No. 4, wrote in an email to The Oregonian/OregonLive that the verdicts were a 'statement' about the prosecution's failure to prove a conspiracy charge 'and not any form of affirmation of the defense's various beliefs, actions or aspirations.' 
The acquittal of the white occupiers came on the same day that officers in riot gear evicted protesters from private land in the path of the Dakota Access oil pipeline in rural North Dakota. Officers fired bean bags and pepper spray as they surrounded demonstrators, many of them Native Americans who have spent months fighting over tribal rights and the project's environmental effects. At least 117 people were arrested. 
'Are we going to look at these protests the same way?' asked John Freemuth, a public land policy expert at Boise State University. 'I certainly think the tribes will have a point if they find themselves arrested and in jail and these Oregon guys get off.' 
Bundy, his brother Ryan Bundy and five others were charged with conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs at the refuge. 
Chris Rasmussen, a defense lawyer in an armed standoff case that happened two years ago at Bundy's father's ranch in Nevada, said it is 'obvious' that Oregon prosecutors gambled in seeking convictions on felony conspiracy charges instead of misdemeanor trespassing charges. 
But prosecutors had few other options for serious charges because the defendants never attacked anyone, said Laurie Levenson, a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles and a former federal prosecutor. 
Rather than attempting to retake the refuge headquarters and risking a gunbattle, authorities took a cautious approach. They closed nearby roads and stayed miles away while urging the occupiers to abandon the land. 
'The upside of not confronting them was it was less likely there would be violence,' Levenson said. 'The downside was it was less likely that they could use the assault charge.' 
The standoff finally ended when the Bundys and other key figures were arrested in a Jan. 26 traffic stop outside the refuge. That's when Finicum was killed. Most occupiers left after his death, but four holdouts remained until Feb. 11, when they surrendered following lengthy negotiations. 
Bundy remains in jail because he still faces charges in the standoff at his father's Nevada ranch. 
Joel Hansen, Cliven Bundy's attorney, said Friday that he thinks the jury in Oregon 'saw through the lies' of a government that 'is trying to prove these Bundybrothers and their compatriots were some kind of terrorists.' 
For Hansen and some others in the rural West, ownership of public land is a constitutional question that has not been settled. 
'There is a seething anger among those who use the land,' he said, citing the feelings of ranchers, loggers, miners and Indians. 'It's all part of tyrannical oppression. Their goal is to manage them out of business to get them off the land.' 
The Oregon occupiers had chosen, perhaps inadvertently, a part of Oregon where locals and the feds had a recent history of working together. Few who live near the sanctuary welcomed the occupiers, most of whom were from out of state. 
Not long before the takeover began on Jan. 2, locals and federal officials had determined the fate of large swaths of land, Harney County Judge Steve Grasty, the top local administrative official, said last summer in an interview. 
The High Desert Partnership in Harney County, a group that includes the Bureau of Land Management, the Nature Conservancy and timber business owners, had been working quietly to determine land stewardship, which Jewell credited in her statement on Friday.

ARTICLE

Ron Paul: Blame Government, Not Markets For Monopoly 11/01/2016 
EURASIA REVIEW 
When Time-Warner announced it planned to merge with another major communications firm, many feared the new company would exercise near-total monopoly power. These concerns led some to call for government action to block the merger in order to protect both Time-Warner's competitors and consumers. 
No, I am not talking about Time-Warner's recent announced plan to merge with AT&T, but the reaction to Time-Warner's merger with (then) Internet giant AOL in 2000. Far from creating an untouchable leviathan crushing all competitors, the AOL-Time-Warner merger fell apart in under a decade. 
The failure of AOL-Time-Warner demonstrates that even the biggest companies are vulnerable to competition if there is open entry into the marketplace. AOL-Time-Warner failed because consumers left them for competitors offering lower prices and/or better quality. 
Corporate mergers and 'hostile' takeovers can promote economic efficiency by removing inefficient management and boards of directors. These managers and board members often work together to promote their own interests instead of generating maximum returns for investors by providing consumers with affordable, quality products. Thus, laws making it difficult to launch a 'hostile' takeover promote inefficient use of resources and harm investors, workers, and consumers. 
Monopolies and cartels are creations of government, not markets. For example, the reason the media is dominated by a few large companies is that no one can operate a television or radio station unless they obtain federal approval and pay federal licensing fees. Similarly, anyone wishing to operate a cable company must not only comply with federal regulations, they must sign a 'franchise' agreement with their local government. Fortunately, the Internet has given Americans greater access to news and ideas shut out by the government-licensed lapdogs of the 'mainstream' media. This may be why so many politicians are anxious to regulate the web. 
Government taxes and regulations are effective means of limiting competition in an industry. Large companies can afford the costs of complying with government regulations, costs which cripple their smaller competitors. Big business can also afford to hire lobbyists to ensure that new laws and regulations favor big business. 
Examples of regulations that benefit large corporations include the Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) regulations that raise costs of developing a new drug, as well as limit consumers ability to learn about natural alternatives to pharmaceuticals. Another example is the Dodd-Frank legislation, which has strengthened large financial intuitions while harming their weaker competitors. 
Legislation forcing consumers to pay out-of-state sales tax on their online purchases is a classic case of business seeking to use government to harm less politically-powerful competitors. This legislation is being pushed by large brick-and-mortar stores and Internet retailers who are seeking a government-granted advantage over smaller competitors. 
Many failed mergers and acquisitions result from the distorted signals sent to business and investors by the Federal Reserve's inflationary monetary policy. Perhaps the most famous example of this is the AOL-Time-Warner fiasco, which was a direct result of the Fed-created dot.com bubble. 
In a free market, mergers between businesses enable consumers to benefit from new products and reduced prices. Any businesses that charge high prices or offer substandard products will soon face competition from businesses offering consumers lower prices and/or higher quality. Monopolies only exist when government tilts the playing field in favor of well-connected crony capitalists. Therefore those concerned about excessive corporate power should join supporters of the free market in repudiating the regulations, taxes, and subsides that benefit politically-powerful businesses. The most important step is to end the boom-bust business cycle by ending the Federal Reserve. 
This article was published by RonPaul Institute .

ARTICLE

DOJ Tried Repeatedly To Kill FBI's Clinton Foundation Investigation 11/01/2016 
THE DAILY CALLER 
Senior-level Justice Department officials pushed back heavily on an ongoing FBI investigation of the Clinton Foundation, according to a bombshell report from The Wall Street Journal. 
The newspaper laid out numerous examples, based on law enforcement sources, of senior DOJ officials intervening to quash the probe. 
Prosecutors with the U.S. attorneys office in the Eastern District of New York '” which Loretta Lynch led before taking over as attorney general last year '” refused to allow FBI investigators probing the Clinton family charity to review emails found on devices turned over this year by two of Clinton's lawyers during the separate investigation into the mishandling of classified information on Clinton's private email system. 
The rationale, according to The Journal , was that the devices were covered by partial immunity and limited-use agreements that the Clinton lawyers '” Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson '” agreed to with the DOJ. Information recovered from the laptops could only be used in the email investigation and not in others. 
As part of the immunity agreement, the FBI and Justice Department agreed to destroy Mills' and Samuelson's devices, a revelation that sparked outrage from congressional Republicans when it was announced earlier this month. 
The Journal's report largely confirms reporting in August from The Daily Caller News Foundation's Richard Pollock that the FBI and several U.S. attorneys offices were conducting an unorthodox, joint investigation into the Clinton Foundation. (RELATED: EXCLUSIVE: FBI-US Attorneys Conducting Joint Probe Of Clinton Foundation) 
CNN reported at around the same time that a Clinton Foundation probe was tabled by the Justice Department. Pollock's report and the new piece from The Journal undermine CNN's reporting. 
While the investigation has gone forward, the Justice Department has stymied the investigation at several turns, according to The Journal. 
The DOJ refused to grant the FBI the power to issue subpoenas or conduct formal interviews. It also refused to convene a grand jury to weigh evidence in the case. 
More pushback occurred in August, when a senior DOJ official contacted the FBI's deputy director, Andrew McCabe, to voice his displeasure that New York field office agents were continuing the investigation even though the DOJ had declined to provide investigative support. 
The official was 'very pissed off' that the FBI was continuing its efforts, according to The Journal. 
The call occurred on Aug. 12, a day after CNN reported details of FBI-DOJ discord over whether to investigate the Clinton Foundation. It was also a day after Pollock reported that an investigation was underway. 
McCabe figures prominently in The Journal's reporting and in the overlapping Clintonworld investigations. 
It was revealed last week that McCabe's wife, Jill, received nearly $470,000 in contributions to a Virginia state senate campaign last year from Gov. Terry McAuliffe's super PAC. 
McAuliffe is a close Clinton ally and is the subject of a separate FBI investigation. 
According to The Journal, McCabe refocused the Clinton Foundation investigation a week after FBI director James Comey announced in early July that he would recommend to the Justice Department that charges not be filed against Clinton for mishandling classified information in her emails. 
The charity probe would be led by the FBI's New York office with help from the Little Rock office, according to The Journal. FBI field offices in Los Angeles and Washington were also involved in the Clinton Foundation investigation. 
The Los Angeles office subpoenaed bank records related to the Clinton Foundation after obtaining information during a separate public corruption case. The office in Washington was investigating McAuliffe's financial relationships from before he joined the Clinton Foundation as a board member. 
After Comey's announcement on the Clinton email investigation in July, McCabe decided that the Washington FBI office would focus on the separate McAuliffe matter. He recused himself from that investigation because of the donations his wife received from McAuliffe's super PAC in 2015. 
While the FBI has insisted that McCabe is not compromised in any of the investigations '” the email probe, the Clinton Foundation, or the McAuliffe matter '” The Journal reports that some agents believe he has issued 'stand down' orders in the Clinton Foundation inquiry. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch looks on after announcing federal action related to North Carolina, at the U.S. Department of Justice (Getty Images) 
That claim came from FBI agents lower on the chain of command from senior-level officials. Still other sources denied that McCabe issued a 'stand down' order. They asserted that McCabe ordered investigators to continue on their investigative path. 
McCabe's Aug. 12 phone conversation with the senior DOJ official would seem to suggest that he supported the investigation. 
'Are you telling me that I need to shut down a validly predicated investigation?' McCabe asked the DOJ official, according to a Journal source who was familiar with the conversation. 
'Of course not,' the official reportedly said, after a brief pause. 
The new report also details a presentation that FBI officials made to the Justice Department in February to lay out the case against the Clinton Foundation. 
Some of the Journal's sources said that the DOJ's career public integrity prosecutors did not believe that the case was strong. 
'Others said that from the start, the Justice Department officials were stern, icy and dismissive of the case,' The Journal reported. 
DOJ officials told the FBI at the meeting additional investigative tools '” subpoenas, interviews or a grand jury '” would not be authorized.

ARTICLE

Dakota Access Pipeline: More Than 100 Arrested as Protesters Ousted From Camp 11/01/2016 
NBC NEWS 
Authorities used pepper spray and fired bean bags at activists demonstrating against a controversial North Dakota oil pipeline as the standoff there reached a new peak Thursday, according to officials. 
Armed soldiers and police in riot gear removed the demonstrators using trucks, military Humvees, and buses Thursday afternoon, according to The Associated Press. Two helicopters and an airplane scanned the operation from the air. 
At least 141 protesters were arrested as of midnight Thursday (1 a.m. ET) after law enforcement slowly closed in and tensions escalated, the Morton County Sheriff's Department said in a statement. 
Seven protesters used 'sleeping dragon' devices, which typically involve PVC or other pipe, to attach themselves to items, and fires were set on a highway and improvised fire bombs were thrown at law enforcement, the Morton County Sheriff's Department said in a statement. 
One woman allegedly fired three shots from a revolver at police, an emergency services official said. No one was hit. 
The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe criticized law enforcement's 'militarized' response to the camp and called for demonstrations to remain peaceful, but stressed that activists would not give up their cause. 
'Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear today. We continue to pray for peace,' Dave Archambault II said in a statement Thursday evening. 
'We won't step down from this fight,' he added. 'As peoples of this earth, we all need water. This is about our water, our rights, and our dignity as human beings.' 
Archambault also called on activists to 'remain in peace and prayer.''Any act of violence hurts our case and is not welcome here,' he said. 
Law enforcement were holding a line north of the Backwater Bridge early Friday morning, the sheriff's department. 
A woman who was being arrested pulled a .38 caliber revolver and fired three shots at law enforcement, 'narrowly missing a sheriff's deputy,' North Dakota State Emergency Services Spokeswoman Cecily Fong told NBC News. The woman was taken into custody and no shots were fired by law enforcement, she said. 
The protesters were ousted from the camp that authorities said was on private property in the path of the pipeline late Thursday afternoon, Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier told the AP. 
The sheriff said that while the camp was secure, officers were still dealing with protesters in the surrounding area, according to the AP. Kirchmeier added that authorities would maintain a presence in the area for the time being to keep protesters off the land. Fong confirmed to NBC News that the camp was cleared. 
Protesters allegedly started two fires on the Backwater Bridge protest site and threw Molotov cocktails at law enforcement Thursday night, Fong said. 
About 250 protesters had gathered at the camp and another 80 demonstrators with a dozen horses were at the site of a county road, according to a statement from the Morton County Sheriff's Department. 
Protesters on horseback galloped toward the law enforcement line before wheeling around and some had begun throwing objects at the officers, Fong said. Demonstrators also allegedly set four DAPL construction vehicles ablaze, Fong said Thursday evening. 
'They've definitely escalated, they're throwing rocks and debris,' she said. A handful of officers suffered minor injuries, she said. 
Officers fired bean bag rounds and used pepper spray on protesters, Fong said. 
Authorities also used a long-range acoustic device with a high-pitched tone to disperse the protesters, who set tires on fire on the highway Thursday afternoon, according to a post on the Morton County Sheriff's Department Facebook page . Demonstrators stand next to burning tires as armed soldiers and law enforcement officers assemble on Oct. 27, 2016, to force Dakota Access pipeline protesters off private land where they had camped to block construction. The pipeline is to carry oil from western North Dakota through South Dakota and Iowa to an existing pipeline in Patoka, Ill. Mike McCleary / The Bismarck Tribune via AP 
The department said they repeatedly told the demonstrators they were 'free to go,' asking them to move to a separate camp further south and let authorities put out the flames. 
The protesters also set an area on fire near a bridge on a county road, according to a statement from the sheriff's department. 
The protesters, comprised of a group that includes Native Americans and environmental activists, had been camped on private property since Sunday near the $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline, near the town of Cannon Ball. 
The 1,172-mile pipeline would run within a half-mile of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation. Opponents of the project say the pipeline could adversely impact drinking water and would disturb sacred burial sites. 
Hundreds of protesters from Standing Rock and other tribes have set up camp for months in protest a few miles away from where Thursday's confrontation occurred, close to where the Missouri and Cannonball rivers meet. 
Thursday's incident came less than a week after more than 80 people were arrested and authorities used pepper spray on demonstrators. The arrests came during a five-hour conflict with police and around 300 protesters, some of whom stubbornly parked cars on the highway near the camp to block authorities from reaching them, according to the AP. They also set a small fire at one of two blockades they set up on the highway. 
The majority of the protesters were retreating from the area of confrontation on the highway outside the camp, but had not fully left the area of private land, according to the AP. About 200 protesters remained in the area, listening to tribal elders speak and praying as authorities continued to approach. Play 
Authorities used pepper spray and fired bean bags at activists demonstrating against a controversial North Dakota oil pipeline as the standoff there reached a new peak Thursday, according to officials. 
Armed soldiers and police in riot gear removed the demonstrators using trucks, military Humvees, and buses Thursday afternoon, according to The Associated Press. Two helicopters and an airplane scanned the operation from the air. 
At least 141 protesters were arrested as of midnight Thursday (1 a.m. ET) after law enforcement slowly closed in and tensions escalated, the Morton County Sheriff's Department said in a statement. 
Seven protesters used 'sleeping dragon' devices, which typically involve PVC or other pipe, to attach themselves to items, and fires were set on a highway and improvised fire bombs were thrown at law enforcement, the Morton County Sheriff's Department said in a statement. 
One woman allegedly fired three shots from a revolver at police, an emergency services official said. No one was hit. 
The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe criticized law enforcement's 'militarized' response to the camp and called for demonstrations to remain peaceful, but stressed that activists would not give up their cause. 
'Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear today. We continue to pray for peace,' Dave Archambault II said in a statement Thursday evening. 
'We won't step down from this fight,' he added. 'As peoples of this earth, we all need water. This is about our water, our rights, and our dignity as human beings.' 
Archambault also called on activists to 'remain in peace and prayer.''Any act of violence hurts our case and is not welcome here,' he said. 
Law enforcement were holding a line north of the Backwater Bridge early Friday morning, the sheriff's department. 
A woman who was being arrested pulled a .38 caliber revolver and fired three shots at law enforcement, 'narrowly missing a sheriff's deputy,' North Dakota State Emergency Services Spokeswoman Cecily Fong told NBC News. The woman was taken into custody and no shots were fired by law enforcement, she said. 
The protesters were ousted from the camp that authorities said was on private property in the path of the pipeline late Thursday afternoon, Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier told the AP. 
The sheriff said that while the camp was secure, officers were still dealing with protesters in the surrounding area, according to the AP. Kirchmeier added that authorities would maintain a presence in the area for the time being to keep protesters off the land. Fong confirmed to NBC News that the camp was cleared. Play 
Protesters allegedly started two fires on the Backwater Bridge protest site and threw Molotov cocktails at law enforcement Thursday night, Fong said. 
About 250 protesters had gathered at the camp and another 80 demonstrators with a dozen horses were at the site of a county road, according to a statement from the Morton County Sheriff's Department. 
Protesters on horseback galloped toward the law enforcement line before wheeling around and some had begun throwing objects at the officers, Fong said. Demonstrators also allegedly set four DAPL construction vehicles ablaze, Fong said Thursday evening. 
'They've definitely escalated, they're throwing rocks and debris,' she said. A handful of officers suffered minor injuries, she said. 
Officers fired bean bag rounds and used pepper spray on protesters, Fong said. 
Authorities also used a long-range acoustic device with a high-pitched tone to disperse the protesters, who set tires on fire on the highway Thursday afternoon, according to a post on the Morton County Sheriff's Department Facebook page . Demonstrators stand next to burning tires as armed soldiers and law enforcement officers assemble on Oct. 27, 2016, to force Dakota Access pipeline protesters off private land where they had camped to block construction. The pipeline is to carry oil from western North Dakota through South Dakota and Iowa to an existing pipeline in Patoka, Ill. Mike McCleary / The Bismarck Tribune via AP 
The department said they repeatedly told the demonstrators they were 'free to go,' asking them to move to a separate camp further south and let authorities put out the flames. 
The protesters also set an area on fire near a bridge on a county road, according to a statement from the sheriff's department. 
The protesters, comprised of a group that includes Native Americans and environmental activists, had been camped on private property since Sunday near the $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline, near the town of Cannon Ball. 
The 1,172-mile pipeline would run within a half-mile of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation. Opponents of the project say the pipeline could adversely impact drinking water and would disturb sacred burial sites. 
Hundreds of protesters from Standing Rock and other tribes have set up camp for months in protest a few miles away from where Thursday's confrontation occurred, close to where the Missouri and Cannonball rivers meet. 
Thursday's incident came less than a week after more than 80 people were arrested and authorities used pepper spray on demonstrators. The arrests came during a five-hour conflict with police and around 300 protesters, some of whom stubbornly parked cars on the highway near the camp to block authorities from reaching them, according to the AP. They also set a small fire at one of two blockades they set up on the highway. 
The majority of the protesters were retreating from the area of confrontation on the highway outside the camp, but had not fully left the area of private land, according to the AP. About 200 protesters remained in the area, listening to tribal elders speak and praying as authorities continued to approach. Play 
Law enforcement officials began taking steps to remove roadblocks and protesters of the Dakota Access Pipeline near Highway 1806 at around 11:15 a.m. local time (12:15 p.m. ET), Kirchmeier said in a statement. 
'Protesters' escalated unlawful behavior this weekend by setting up illegal roadblocks, trespassing onto private property and establishing an encampment, has forced law enforcement to respond at this time,' he said in the statement. 
'I can't stress it enough, this is a public safety issue,' the sheriff said. 'We cannot have protesters blocking county roads, blocking state highways, or trespassing on private property.' 
The protesters had created a camp in the pipeline's path on private property known as the Cannonball Ranch on the side of the highway and set up the roadblocks along on Sunday, according to the statement. 
Highway 1806 remained closed Thursday between Fort Rice and Cannonball, according to the sheriff department's statement. Various counties, cities, state agencies and out-of-state law enforcement were helping the Morton County Sheriff's Department, the statement said. 
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign weighed in on the protests Thursday evening. 
'From the beginning of this campaign, Secretary Clinton has been clear that she thinks all voices should be heard and all views considered in federal infrastructure projects,' Spokeswoman Xochitl Hinojosa said in a statement. 
'Now, all of the parties involved â€” including the federal government, the pipeline company and contractors, the state of North Dakota, and the tribes â€” need to find a path forward that serves the broadest public interest,' Hinojosa said. 'As that happens, it's important that on the ground in North Dakota, everyone respects demonstrators' rights to protest peacefully, and workers' rights to do their jobs safely.' 
Protest camp coordinator Mekasi Horinek told NBC affiliate KFYR on Wednesday that the protesters had no plans of leaving their encampment. 
'We don't have any plans on retreating. If they're going to come in here and they're going to arrest one of us, they're going to arrest every one of us,' Horinek said. 'We're going to stand in unity, we're going to stand in prayer, we're going to stand in peace.' 
Standing Rock Sioux Tribe chairman Dave Archambault II told NBC News on Sunday the tribe had asked the U.S. Department of Justice to intervene in the escalating situation with law enforcement. 
'The DOJ should be enlisted and expected to investigate the overwhelming reports and videos demonstrating clear strong-arm tactics, abuses and unlawful arrests by law enforcement,' Chairman Dave Archambault II said.

ARTICLE

Vatican Makes Unprecedented Agreement With Chinese Gov't 11/01/2016 
DAILY CALLER 
The Vatican and Beijing reached an agreement that will elevate the Chinese government above the Church, reports the Wall Street Journal. 
The question of who has the authority to ordain bishops has been at the heart of a decades-old dispute between China and the Vatican. 
The new agreement will give China the power to select bishops with only limited input from the Vatican. Furthermore, the Vatican will stop ordaining bishops for underground churches without the authorization of the Chinese government. While the pope will be acknowledged as the head of the Catholic Church in China, the Chinese government will have the last word on all appointments. The state will be able to pick individuals loyal to Beijing. 
The new deal is likely to help repair ties between the Vatican and the Chinese government, but the full restoration of diplomatic relations is still a long way off. 
The Chinese government and the Vatican have been estranged since the Communist Party of China (CPC) expelled Vatican envoy Antonio Riberi from the country in 1951, banned missionaries, and began oppressing organized religion. Pope Francis has been actively pursuing rapprochement with China. 
China insists on appointing its own bishops, claiming that oversight by the Holy See, the judicial body within the Catholic Church, constitutes unnecessary foreign intervention in Chinese affairs. China also opposes attempts by the Vatican to appoint bishops for underground churches without state authorization. 
In China, all Catholic organizations must register with the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association. The Vatican expressed frustration over the Chinese government's 2010 appointment of a bishop without Pope Benedict XVI's approval. The Vatican called the move, one of a number of such occurrences, a ' painful wound ' to the Church. 
The new agreement could thaw relations between Beijing and the Vatican, giving the world's largest religious organization access to the world's most populous country. For China, normal interactions with the Vatican could improve its international image, potentially reducing criticisms of China's human rights record. 
Negotiations for the new agreement reportedly began in April. Having reached an accord, negotiators are waiting for papal approval and a formal decision from the Chinese government. Once the agreement passes, it will mark an unprecedented shift in the Vatican's interactions with foreign governments. The Vatican would officially accept the appointment of eight bishops, three of which were previously excommunicated. 
Some observers expect members of underground churches in China to protest the accord. 
'If the Vatican should be perceived as abandoning them, it could be seen as a betrayal' and 'cause serious divisions in the Chinese Catholic Church,' Richard Madsen, a professor of sociology at the University of California at San Diego, told the WSJ. 'The government would probably actually like this. Its action over the years show that it would like to see the church weakened, and a deeper division in the church would help accomplish that,' he added, highlighting his suspicions of Beijing's intentions. 
China has a documented propensity for dominating and oppressing religion in order to better preserve state power. Christians played an important role in the shift from a dictatorship to a democracy in South Korea, and now there are an estimated 100 million Christians in China. 
Having failed to eradicate religion, the Chinese government, which is officially atheist, set up state-run churches with pastors loyal to China. These churches advocate morality, not scripture, and that the state is superior to religion. 
'We have to remember first of all we are a citizen of this country. We are a citizen of the Kingdom of God, but that comes second,' Pastor Wu Weiqing of the state-owned Haidian Church in Beijing told BBC. He further stated that if Jesus were alive today, he would probably be a member of the Communist Party. While the deal between the Vatican and Beijing could give the Catholic Church greater access to Chinese Christians, it could also give the Chinese government greater control over the Church and organized religion. 
Pope Francis 'would not accept any agreement that would harm the integrity of faith of the universal Church,' the Bishop of Hong Kong, Cardinal John Tong argued in July, according to the WSJ. 
The future of the Catholic Church in China remains shrouded in uncertainty. The new agreement between Beijing and the Vatican could be a positive step forward or a dangerous surrender of religious power to political organizations like the Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association and the State Administration for Religious Affairs.

ARTICLE

Russia and NATO hold war games next to each other 11/01/2016 
EXPRESS Around 680 troops from 32 NATO states and partner countries '“ including Israel and Ukraine '“ have been carrying out drills in Montenegro since Monday. Joint exercises codenamed Crna Gora 2016 are taking places until November 4 testing Western allies responses to a number of disaster scenarios, including floods and chemical spills. At the same time, a few miles over the border in Serbia 150 paratroopers from Russian Airborne Troops will be conducting drills from November 2 for two weeks. The exercises will see hundreds of heavily-armed and battle-ready Russian and NATO troops placed within a few hundreds miles of each. Montenegro's Deputy Prime Minister Dusko Markovic said: 'This is an opportunity to work with NATO during the four-day exercise to determine our capacity and the capabilities of our response to natural disasters, as well as to recognise our weaknesses and eliminate them in time. 'Montenegro has demonstrated the ability as a future member of NATO, not only through organising this exercise, but also bearing its burden. 'Montenegro has demonstrated the ability to not only willing to accept but also help realise partnership goals.' Slavic Brotherhood 2016 will involve Russian troops and Serbian and Belarusian forces. Fifty soldiers from the Russian Military Transport Aviation will take part along with combat vehicles, all-terrain vehicles and drones. Aleksandr Grushko, Russia's NATO Representative, said of the latest drills: 'NATO's efforts have been changing the very essence of the military security in the regions which are adjacent to the Russian border. 
Russian troops on exercise 
Around 680 troops from 32 NATO states and partner countries are taking part 
Map of Serbia and Montenegro, where the exercises are taking part 'This seriously worsens the regional security and the security of those countries that participate in these drills and this activity. 'I think it's a double signal. First of all, it's a signal to western public opinion that all NATO actions on its eastern flank are calibrated and do not transcend the framework of reasonable defence. 'Secondly, it's also an apparent attempt to send a signal to us, so that Russia will not react in what they believe to be an excessive and aggressive manner.'

ARTICLE

FBI sees no ties between Trump, Putin 11/01/2016 
PRESS TV 
The US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has found no clear links between Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Russia, officials say, proving false allegations by the candidate's Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. 
The FBI spent most of the summer to verify claims by the Clinton campaign that Trump was linked to President Vladimir Putin, and Moscow was trying to influence the November 8 vote in his favor. 
However, the bureau failed to find any indications of the alleged ties after scrutinizing advisors close to Trump, investigating the real estate mogul's financial ties and even his emails, the New York Times reported Tuesday, citing law enforcement officials. 
Clinton's campaign voiced concerns about Moscow's intervention after a series of emails belonging to various ranks of the Democratic Party were released by the anti-secrecy website Wikileaks. 
American intelligence officials blamed the hacks on Russia and even threatened to come up with countermeasures of the same nature. President Barack Obama and high-ranking officials in his administration also blamed Russia for the breaches. 
Under immense pressure from Clinton's supporters, who were mad at Trump for calling Putin a great leader, the FBI started its investigation into the claims. 
The Clinton campaign has called on the FBI to publicly discuss their findings about the case, as they did with their new investigation into Clinton's new emails. 
FBI chief James Comey told Congress on Friday that he was reopening investigations into Clinton's emails after finding a trove of new emails on a laptop belonging to former representative Anthony Weiner, who was once married to Clinton's top aide Huma Abedin. 
At some point during its investigation, the FBI questioned Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign boss, who has reportedly had extensive business ties in Russia and other former Soviet states, especially Ukraine, the Times noted. 
The bureau's agents also investigated an email channel between Trump and the Alfa Bank, one of Russia's biggest banks. 
After weeks of detailed investigation, the FBI concluded that the connection was nothing more than marketing emails or spam 
Trump has rejected Clinton's allegations against Russia, and has pledged to work with Moscow and earn Putin's respect.

ARTICLE

NATO, Russia To Hold Parallel Exercises In Balkans 11/02/2016 
PRESS TV 
Russia's military and NATO forces are holding parallel military exercises in two neighboring Balkan countries. 
Russian troops will participate in war games in Serbia while NATO is conducting military drills in Montenegro, media reported on Monday. 
Russian forces' 13-day military exercise in Serbia is named 'The Slavic Brotherhood 2016' and begins on Wednesday. 
It will include 150 Russian paratroopers, 50 air force staffers, three transport planes and an unspecified number of troops from Serbia and Belarus, Russia's Defense Ministry said. 
The five-day NATO drill in Montenegro started on Monday and involves responding to floods and chemical attacks. It will involve 680 unarmed personnel from seven NATO countries and 10 partner states. 
In the past both Serbia and Montenegro were constitutional republics of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. 
Both countries are socialist republics and traditional Russian Christian Orthodox allies. In 2003 this state union was re-formed into Serbia and Montenegro, and in 2006 the two became independent states. 
Since their split, the two Balkan neighbors seem to have headed in different directions strategically. 
Montenegro has taken a pro-Western stance which has been awarded by NATO with an offer to join the Northern Atlantic Alliance. 
The NATO invitation to Montenegro has met strong opposition from Russia. 
Meanwhile, Montenegrin officials have accused Russia of staging an alleged coup in October to topple its pro-Western government because of the NATO accession bid. 
Serbia, a NATO partner, has held exercises with the Western alliance, but not such a large one or with foreign troops and equipment participating on its soil.

ARTICLE

S Korea coast guard opens fire on China boats 11/02/2016 
PRESS TV 
South Korean coast guard vessels have opened fire on Chinese trawlers allegedly fishing illegally off South Korea's coast, prompting Beijing to censure Seoul. 
On Wednesday, senior coast guard official Kim Jung-shik said the order to fire machine guns had been given during a confrontation with some 30 Chinese fishing boats. 
The Chinese vessels had been allegedly operating illegally near South Korea's Yellow Sea border with North Korea on Tuesday. 
'They tried to ram our ships although we repeatedly warned them,' Yonhap news agency quoted Kim as saying. 
The South Korean coast guard forces initially fired into the air but were later ordered to fire on the bows of the trawlers. 
'I thought our officers would be in danger if I allowed any more resistance so we ended up using the crew service weapon,' Kim said. 
Two Chinese boats were seized in the incident, which reportedly caused no casualties. 
The machine gun shootout is the first of its kind since the South Korean coast guard declared in September that it would apply a 'more aggressive' firearms policy with Chinese boats. 
The shooting left Beijing 'strongly dissatisfied' with China's Foreign Ministry calling on Seoul to 'discipline' its coast guard. 
'Using destructive weapons can easily hurt fishermen and we urge the ROK (South Korea) side to '¦ avoid using any excessive or extreme tools in their law enforcement activities,' said China's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying. 
Numerous incidents have occurred in recent years between South Korea's coast guard and Chinese fishing boats venturing across international waters in search of fish. 
On October 10, Seoul said it had lodged a formal complaint with Beijing over the alleged sinking of a South Korean coast guard vessel by Chinese fishermen on October 7. 
On September 29, three Chinese fishermen died after their fishing boat was set on fire by South Korean coast guard members who threw grenades into their vessel.

ARTICLE

Mark Ruffalo Reportedly Placed on U.S. Terrorist Watch List 11/02/2016 
CBS NEWS 
Actor Mark Ruffalo has reportedly been added to the government's terrorist watch list. 
The 'The Kids Are All Right' and 'Zodiac' star was placed on the terror advisory list by Pennsylvania's Office of Homeland Security earlier this year after helping to promote the documentary 'Gasland' and speaking out about his concerns of natural gas drilling, according to the San Francisco Chronicle. 
Written and directed by Josh Fox, the film, which premiered on HBO this summer, put a light on the communities that are impacted by the natural gas drilling boom in the U.S. 
While Ruffalo, who will next appear as The Hulk in 'The Avengers,' may now face tedious secondary screenings at airports, the 43-year-old isn't too put off by the whole situation. 
[It's] pretty f'“kin' funny,' he tells the December issue of GQ magazine .

ARTICLE

Putin being FRAMED at UN for War Crimes in Syria Explained 11/02/2016 In today's video, Christopher Greene of AMTV explains why the UN is framing Vladimir Putin for War Crimes in Syria. 11/02/2016 PRESS TV Russia's military and NATO forces are holding parallel military exercises in two neighboring Balkan countrie ... S Korea coast guard opens fire on China boats 11/02/2016 PRESS TV South Korean coast guard vessels have opened fire on Chinese trawlers allegedly fishing illegally off South ... FBI Releases Clinton Foundation Investigation Records 11/02/2016 DAILY CALLER The FBI on Tuesday released documents related to a now-closed federal investigation of an alleged pay-to ... AMTV Archives

ARTICLE

Comey Investigation a Red Herring to Cover Up Wikileaks Dump 11/01/2016 In today's video, Christopher Greene of AMTV explains why the Comey Investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails is a Red Herring to Cover Up Wikileaks Data Dump. 10/10/2016 Citizen Quasar 
Publishing news about one of the candidates before an election is NOT 'interfering' with an election. 
The criminal gang that controls the United States today is systemically inherent in representational government. NO government will be constructed that protects rights until people know what rights are. For Americans, this is decades, if not centuries, in the future from now. 
In the meantime, Americans will continue saying the Pledge of Allegiance and continue thinking this is patriotic and puzzling over how Americans couldever be taught the definition of a right on such a wide scale. Citizen Quasar 
Further, here is some speculation: 
Somebody shoots Hillary Clinton dead two days before the election. This gives President Obama an excuse to 'temporarily' delay the election. Follow AMTV!

ARTICLE

Carter Reveals Upgrades To US Long Range Rocket 11/02/2016 
SPUTNIK NEWS 
On Tuesday US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter announced that the Army's tactical missile system (ATACMS) will be upgraded to strike both land and sea targets. Such technology will go a long way to defending allies against the Chinese menace and battling Moscow's 'aggression' in the Baltics. 
The missile system is sponsored by an office created by Carter in 2012, the Strategic Capabilities Office, which is currently being lead by Will Roper, a protege' of the Secretary's. During a panel at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) on Friday Roper told an audience, 'How you offset the adversaries trying to offset your offset? It's very simple to do that, you just don't talk about your best capabilities'¦We are keeping our best ideas behind the door and probably always will,' according to Breaking Defense. 
After the panel, he continued, 'We thought it was important to come out (in public) with ATACMS for the Army because there's been a lot of writing, a lot of speeches, on the need for the Army to go cross-domain.' High ranking officials in the US military have been calling for the ATACMS to extend its capabilities seaward for some time, and Roper responded to these concerns saying, 'it's time for us to show it isn't just a theoretical idea, it's something we can potentially get to quickly with something that we already have.' 
During a morning session at CSIS Carter spoke of the new innovative features of the ATACMS, and how the SCO tries to maximize the potential of existing systems. 
'A prominent theme of SCO's work is spearheading creative and unexpected new ways to use our existing missiles and advanced munitions, and across varied domains', he said, adding, ''¦ By integrating an existing seeker onto the front of the missile, they're enabling it to hit moving targets, both at sea as well as on land. With this capability, what was previously an Army surface-to-surface missile system can project power from coastal locations up to 300 kilometers into the maritime domain.' 
Carter detailed the SCO's plans to utilize seeker technology that the Defense Department has already developed so the missile system can hit targets both on sea and land. 
Lockheed Martin was awarded the $174 million contract for the long range artillery rocket system in May 2015. Ken Musculus, vice president of tactical missiles at the defense contractor said at the time that ATACMS is 'reliable and proven in combat, which is why it continues to be our customers' choice for long-range strike requirements.'

ARTICLE

Russia-US Plutonium Deal No Longer In Effect 11/02/2016 
RUSSIA TODAY President Vladimir Putin has signed an act suspending a 2000 agreement between the US and Russia on reprocessing weapons-grade plutonium extracted from decommissioned warheads. 
The bill has already been published on Russia's official legal information website, meaning it's now in force. 
It mentions that a decision to restore the agreement can only be made by Russia's president. 
The deal between Moscow and Washington was ratified in 2000. As a means to safely utilize weapons-grade plutonium, it suggested a specific procedure to turn it into nuclear plant fuel. Starting from 2018, it was planned to reprocess 34 tons (68,000 pounds) of plutonium, which would have been enough to produce thousands of nuclear weapons, RIA Novosti reported. 
Yet, while Russia has prepared the infrastructure necessary for the process, the US said it found the procedure too costly and instead opted for mixing plutonium with special dilutants to store it indefinitely. 
Russia suspended the deal ' due to drastic changes of circumstances, the rise of threat to strategic stability as a result of hostile actions of the US towards the Russian Federation and the inability of the US to provide for the accepted obligations to utilize the excess weapons-grade plutonium in accordance with the agreement ,' the new bill read. 
For the agreement to be resumed, Washington should reduce the US military presence on the territory of NATO members that joined the bloc after 2000, cancel its Magnitsky Act which bans entry to the US to a list of Russian citizens, as well as lift other anti-Russian sanctions and compensate the loss Moscow suffered as a result of such policy. 
The bill on suspension '“ which is a ' forced measure ,' according to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov '“ was first submitted by the president's office earlier this month and then approved by parliament. 
Commenting on the suspension of the deal, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov has said that it would not affect any of Moscow's other commitments related to international nuclear security and does not interfere with the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.

ARTICLE

Half Of Russians Fear Syria Could Spark WW3 11/02/2016 
RUSSIA TODAY Almost half of all respondents in a recent Russian opinion poll said they feared that the aggravation of relations between Russia and the West caused by the ongoing crisis in Syria could develop into a global military conflict. 
The share of those who see the probability of World War Three in the near future as high or very high is now at 48 percent and those who appraise it as low or very low comprise 42 percent of society, the privately-owned public opinion research center Levada reported on Monday. The remaining 10 percent of respondents said they couldn't give a simple answer to the question. 
When researchers asked citizens if they considered it possible that Russia and the West would eventually find a mutually acceptable solution to the crisis, 35 percent answered that this scenario was likely or very likely. Thirty-nine percent evaluate the probability of such an outcome as low or very low and 26 percent said that they couldn't answer the question. 
Just over half '“ 52 percent '“ of Russians said they approve of their country's involvement in the Syrian conflict and 26 percent said they had a negative or sharply negative attitude to this. Just under a quarter '“ 23 percent '“ couldn't answer the question about their personal view on the subject. Those who thought that Russia should continue the operation and those who thought that airstrikes should be stopped were divided 49 percent against 28 percent respectively, with 24 percent finding the question too difficult to answer. 
The level of awareness about the situation in Syria and the Russian Air Force operation against Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) terrorists there remained fairly high. Eighteen percent said they were very closely following developments in Syria and 64 percent revealed partial familiarity with the issue. Just under a fifth '“ 17 percent '“ said that they were not interested in news about Syria. 
A similar poll conducted a year ago by the independent Levada Center showed that over 70 percent of Russian citizens supported the air operations against IS terrorists in Syria, and almost a half of them agreed that it was right for Russia to support the government of Syria's democratically-elected President Bashar Assad. 
A different poll conducted earlier this month by the state-run research center VTSIOM showed that 73 percent of Russians believed that Western criticism of the air force's counter-terrorism operation in Aleppo, Syria, was ungrounded and prejudiced. Only 6 percent said the allegations of wrongdoing on the part of the Russian military have some basis in reality. 
Russia first deployed an air force contingent in Syria in 2015, after receiving a request for military help from the Syrian government, which is currently battling Islamic State and affiliated groups. Russian war planes began launching airstrikes on terrorists in Syria on September 30, 2015. Their work has aided the Syrian military in achieving considerable success in driving jihadist forces out of the country.

ARTICLE

FBI Releases Clinton Foundation Investigation Records 11/02/2016 
DAILY CALLER 
The FBI on Tuesday released documents related to a now-closed federal investigation of an alleged pay-to-play scheme involving Bill Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. 
The documents, which are heavily redacted, regard the investigation of Clinton's last-minute pardon of Marc Rich, a billionaire fugitive who was wanted in the U.S. for tax evasion. 
The Jan. 20, 2001 pardon sparked the last controversy to befall the scandal-plagued Clinton administration. Rich's ex-wife, Denise, donated more than $1 million to various Clinton and Democratic entities, including the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton's New York Senate campaign and the Clinton Foundation. 
The release provides little in the way of information that has not already been publicized. But the dump is noteworthy for two reasons. It reminds voters that the Clinton White House and Clinton Foundation were embroiled in an investigation concerning pay-to-play allegations. The Clinton Foundation is reportedly being investigated at the present by multiple FBI field offices. 
It also comes as the FBI is locked in a bitter standoff with the Clinton Foundation and the Justice Department over FBI director James Comey's handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation. 
The newly-released files include one entry which shows that 'the required pardon standards and procedures were not followed' prior to the Rich pardon. 
Roger Adams, the U.S. Pardon Attorney at the time, testified to Congress in Feb. 2001 that 'none of the regular procedures were followed' ahead of the Rich reprieve. 
Former Attorney General Eric Holder is also mentioned in the file. It cites Holder's testimony that he was the only person who worked at DOJ '” he was deputy attorney general at the time '” about the Rich pardon. From the FBI's Clinton Foundation investigation files 
A grand jury was convened to weigh the merits of the case, but no indictments were handed down. Ironically, the law enforcement official who closed the case was FBI director Comey. He served as deputy attorney general in the George W. Bush administration. 
The FBI's website suggests that more Clinton Foundation investigation records could be coming in the future. 
'This initial release consists of material from the FBI's files related to the William J. Clinton Foundation , a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization,' the site reads. 'The bulk of these records come from a 2001 FBI investigation into the pardon of Marc Rich (1934-2013), aka Marcell David Reich, by President Clinton in 2001; it was closed in 2005.' 
The FBI did not respond to a request for more information on future releases. 
Update: Clinton campaign press secretary Brian Fallon questioned the release. 
The FBI issued a statement late Tuesday afternoon saying that the file was released in response to a FOIA request. 
'The FBI's Records Management Division receives thousands of FOIA requests annually which are processed on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis,' the statement reads. 
'By law, FOIA materials that have been requested three or more times are posted electronically to the FBI's public reading room shortly after they are processed. Per the standard procedure for FOIA, these materials became available for release and were posted automatically and electronically to the FBI's public reading room in accordance with the law and established procedures.'

ARTICLE

Russia's Most Potent Weapon: 'Hoarding Gold' 11/02/2016 
SHTFPLAN.COM 
This article was written by Jay Syrmopoulos and originally published at The Free Thought Project . 
Editor's Comment: He who holds the gold makes the rules? Fresh attempts at containing Russia and continuing the empire have been met with countermoves. Russia appears to be building strength in every way. Putin and his country have no intention of being under the American thumb, and are developing rapid resistance as the U.S. petrodollar loses its grip and China, Russia and the East shift into new currencies and shifting world order. 
What lies ahead? It will be a strong hand for the countries that have the most significant backing in gold and hard assets; and China and Russia have positioned themselves very well. Prepare for a changing economic landscape, and one in which self-reliance might be all we have. 
Russia is Hoarding Gold at an Alarming Rate '” The Next World War Will Be Fought with Currencies 
by Jay Syrmopoulos 
With all eyes on Russia's unveiling their latest nuclear intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which NATO has dubbed the 'SATAN' missile , as tensions with the U.S. increase, Moscow's most potent 'weapon' may be something drastically different. 
The rapidly evolving geopolitical 'weapon' brandished by Russia is an ever increasing stockpile of gold, as well as Russia's native currency, the ruble. 
Take a look at the symbol below, as it could soon come to change the entire hierarchy of the international order '“ potentially ushering in a complete international paradigm shift '“ and much sooner than you might think. 
image: http://thefreethoughtproject.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/bankofrussia-e1475520013798.png 
The symbol is the new designation of the Russian ruble, Russia's national currency. 
Similar to how the U.S. uses the dollar sign ($), the U.K. uses the pound sign (Â£), and the European Union uses the euro symbol (â‚¬), Russia is about to begin exporting its symbol internationally. 
After the failed 'reset' in U.S./Russian relations by the Obama administration, and the continued deterioration of the countries relationship, Washington began targeting entire sectors of the Russian economy, as well as specific individuals, meant to impose an economic burden so severe that it would force Moscow into compliance. 
Instead of decimating Russia, what it precipitated was a Russian response of gradually weaning themselves off of the hegemony of the U.S. petrodollar, and working with China to create an alternative to the SWIFT payment system that isn't solely controlled by Western interests (see Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank , New Development Bank). 
According to the Corbett Report : 
New reports indicate that China is ready to launch its SWIFT alternative, and for those who have their ear to the ground this is the most significant move yet in the unfolding process of de-dollarization that is seeing the BRICS-led 'resistance bloc' breaking away from the financial stranglehold of the US-led 'Washington Consensus.' 
For those who don't know, SWIFT stands for the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication and is shorthand for the SWIFTNet Network that is used by over 10,500 financial institutions in 215 countries and territories to transmit financial transaction data around the world. SWIFT does not do any of the clearing or processing for these transactions itself, but instead sends the payment orders that are then settled by correspondent banks of the member institutions. Still, given the system's near universality in the financial system, it means that virtually every international transaction between banking institutions goes through the SWIFT network. 
This is why de-listing from the SWIFT network remains one of the primary financial weapons wielded by the US and its allies in their increasingly important financial warfare campaigns. 
Recently, financial guru Jim Rickards, author of the book 'Currency Wars,' wrote that 'Russia is poised for a major comeback in its economy. Russian bonds and stocks and the Russian currency, the ruble, will all benefit.' Rickards believes a 'strong turnaround' is coming within Russia, and that this comeback will benefit the ruble. 
While still suffering from the economic warfare being waged by the U.S., Russia has realized that as long they are subservient to the petrodollar, there remains a clear and present danger of the Russian economy being devastated by the whims of Washington. 
The Bank of Russia, that nation's central bank, is extremely clear about its mission, and monetary policy declaring on its website: 
Monetary policy constitutes an integral part of the state policy and is aimed at enhancing well-being of Russian citizens. The Bank of Russia implements monetary policy in the framework of inflation-targeting regime, and sees price stability, albeit sustainably low inflation, as its priority. Given structural peculiarities of the Russian economy, the target is to reduce inflation to 4% by 2017 and maintain it within that range in the medium run. 
In layman's terms, that means that monetary policy, similar to nuclear weapons and the military, are 'an integral part of the state policy' in Russia. While many analysts have noted the increased build-up in Russia's military arsenal, seemingly few have highlighted the massive build-up of Russian gold reserves over the past decade. 
Below is a chart showing Russian gold reserves between 1994 and last year, 2015: 
Since 2006, there has been a year-on-year increase that reveals a significant upward trend. The chart clearly reveals that Russia's state policy of increasing state monetary assets, in the form of gold. Additionally, the Russian government has been converting state rubles into gold assets. From 2006 to 2015, Russia's state holdings of gold tripled. 
Within just the past year Russia has substantially increased its gold holdings 
According to the Business Insider : 
In July of this year, the central bank of Russia added 200,000 ounces of gold to its reserves. The one-month uptick in Russian gold reserves '” 200,000 ounces '” is approximately equal to the entire annual output of Barrick Gold's Turquoise Ridge gold mine in Nevada. 
At that same rate '” 200,000 ounces per month '” in a mere five months, Russia would add to state gold reserves the equivalent of the entire annual output of Barrick's massive Goldstrike mine in Nevada. 
Currently, Russian gold reserves rank seventh in the world. It's clear that there is a concerted effort by Russian authorities to build up the country's gold reserves as part of a national strategy to negate the effects of economic warfare waged by the United States. 
Rickards, in his 2011 book 'Currency Wars,' theorized that Russia and China could combine their gold reserves to form a global gold-backed currency to compete against the U.S. dollar. Currently, Russian reserves stand at roughly 1,500 tonnes, with Chinese reserves totaling over 1,800 tonnes (according to China '” it's likely more), which would amount to a combined total of roughly 3,300 tonnes of gold. 
The U.S. is about to lose overarching control of policymaking within the International Monetary Fund (IMF), thus the U.S. lockup on global gold is about to vanish, according to Business Insider. 
Imagine for a moment the distinctly real possibility that Russian-Chinese alliance could exercise indirect (or even direct) control over the IMF's gold reserve of over 2,800 tonnes. Russian, Chinese and IMF gold combined would equal roughly 6,100 tonnes, and would allow for direct competition with the U.S. gold reserves, estimated at 8,100 tonnes. 
Russia and China have realized that the petrodollar is wielded by Washington as it's weapon of choice when opposing a well-armed state, and clearly see the writing on the wall '“ thus working together to create a new global financial paradigm. 
The reality is that the United States is $20 trillion dollars in debt, and eventually the time will come when the U.S. economy begins to implode '” and all the fiat currency people are stuck holding will essentially be worth nothing more than the paper it's printed on. Hard assets, such as gold and silver, should be bought and taken custody of while there is still an opportunity to do so, as a means of hedging against the potentially disastrous results of the U.S. using the petrodollar as a 'weapon.' 
Ultimately, the United States, Russia and China are all controlled by centralized power-hungry tyrants attempting to command powerful global bureaucracies like the IMF, the World Bank, SWIFT, New Development Bank and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. 
It's not Russian nuclear weapons that people should fear, as the policy of mutually assured destruction essentially voids any benefit of a state launching a first-strike nuclear attack. The true threat to America is our economic house of cards, built upon the back of a neoliberal trade policy that puts the 'rights' of corporations over that of people . 
This article was written by Jay Syrmopoulos and originally published at The Free Thought Project .

ARTICLE

China Airport Security Robot Gives Electroshocks 11/02/2016 
ACTIVIST POST 
While debate surrounds the threat of autonomous 'killer robots,' the mechanized replacement of humans continues across the workforce. 
The industrial robotics industry is logging record sales worldwide, and there appears to be no sign of a slowdown. As you can see in the graphic below, 2015 sales surged 12% over a previous record year to reach almost 1/4 million units. 
There are many factors driving this growth, which you can read about here; but one point worth noting is that the two leading countries are the US and China, with China leading the way. 
The nature of robotics is also changing, as new developments in artificial intelligence are giving robots an increasing range of potential uses. One key area, of course, is security. Robot security guards have already begun appearing at prisons , care facilities , and schools, in various locations around the world. 
One U.S. robot company, Gamma 2 Robotics, has designed several models for mass production. Their latest '“ RAMSEE '“ can be seen in the video below. A true mass roll-out of this fully autonomous security guard could significantly impact the 1.5 million humans that are currently employed in some form of security patrol. 
RAMSEE advertises the following capabilities: Is a physical presence that autonomously patrols without supervision Provides real-time data: intruders, motion, heat, fire, smoke, gases & more Is a human-machine interface that creates a powerful force multiplier 
Significantly, Gamma 2 Robotics has partnered with Hexagon Safety & Infrastructure: 'the global leader in public safety and security solutions.' 
However, RAMSEE is missing one thing: weapons. For that, we have to travel to China, where they seem to have embraced police robots full throttle. 
In late 2015, I covered an announcement from China's Xinhua news agency where they announced the development and deployment of 3 weaponized 'anti-terrorism' robots that would be far more active than a mere patrol: 
'The toy-sized robots can coordinate with each other on the battlefield,' said the report, following their unveiling at the 2015 World Robot Conference in Beijing. 
The first model is known as a 'reconnaissance' robot, which scouts for poisonous gases, dangerous chemicals and explosives before transmitting its findings back to base.If this initial investigation detects a simple bomb is the source of danger, the second robot model '“ a small explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) machine '“ would be sent in to diffuse it. 
But with other, more complicated threats, an attacker robot would start its mission, armed with 'minor-caliber weapons, recoilless rifles and grenade launchers'. 
'With a sighting telescope, a trigger and a safe installed, the attacker can hit its target from a long distance,' Xinhua said. 
The local police force in Beijing was reported to be among the buyers for the three robots , which are priced at 1.5 million yuan (Â£156,000) for the set by manufacturers HIT Robot Group, who are based in the northern city of Harbin. 
'Apart from anti-terror operations, they can also be applied in fire fighting, public security, forestry and agriculture,' the company's sales manager Chen Deqiang said, according to Xinhua. 
If we have learned anything about anti-terrorism efforts, authorities consider front-line deployment to be areas of public travel. We were given the TSA based on such notions, and have since witnessed its intrusive role in airports, and soon-to-be at other public transportation if authorities have their way. 
China has gone to the next level with a robot TSA of sorts called AnBot that is equipped with what is essentially a taser-like device that is being fittingly compared to a cattle-prod. 
Image Credit 
It was first introduced at a tech show earlier in the year, and was speculated to have been designed for protest suppression. For now, its first job is to patrol China's Shenzhen airport. 
Most alarming, however, is that it is tied to one of the most powerful supercomputers on the planet. 
The back end of this 'intelligent security robot' is l inked to China's Tianhe-2 supercomputer , where it has access to cloud services . AnBot conducts patrols, recognizes threats and has multiple cameras that use facial recognition. 
These cloud services give the robots petascale processing power , well beyond onboard processing capabilities in the robot. The supercomputer connection is there 'to enhance the intelligent learning capabilities and human-machine interface of these devices,' said the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review, in a report released Tuesday that examines China's autonomous systems development efforts . [emphasis added] 
( Source ) 
This link to 'cloud services' is a new trend in robot artificial intelligence that also has been referred to as the Wikipedia for Robots '“ essentially an Internet Cloud Brain. Through robot-to-robot information sharing they can speed up their learning process '¦ autonomously. Examples have included robots that can learn to cook, and robots that can learn the tasks involved in care-giving. However, when applied to policing, things become much more ethically troubling. 
People were outraged in the U.S., for example, when a robot in Dallas was used to deliver a pound of C-4 explosive to a U.S. citizen whom the police deemed a sufficient threat worthy of immediate execution. At least, in that case, a human made the decision. But it is being viewed as a tip-toe along the path to the widespread use of 'killer robots' much as we have seen with the use of drones. Discussion was once limited to overseas '“ egregious enough '“ but there has been a growing voice of those who are urging weaponized domestic police drones. 
As John Vibes wrote , it might be inevitable: 
The Taser corporation is planning on building a drone that is equipped with a stun gun, according to a recent report by the Wall Street Journal. 
Not only will the drones be equipped with tasers, but there is also talk of them being autonomous, meaning that an actual human won't necessarily be needed to fly the drone. 
This is actually already being done in India , the first country to have approved the use of drones attached with 'non-lethal' weapons. And, just this week, British tabloid, The Sun , had a feature entitled 'Vladimir Putin's Russia is preparing an army of robots and drones to take on its enemies, Deputy PM Dmitry Rogozin admits.' Given the available facts, this title no longer seems so deliberately sensational. 
Clearly we are entering a potentially dangerous convergence of expanding robotic artificial intelligence along with the political will to continue allowing robots more and more autonomy as they carry out the traditional duties of the military and police. Some experts argue that the precision of robotics will curb many of the abuses we have seen from our military and police. But is that the trend we are actually seeing? Or will automated systems of violent control inevitably lead to even greater industrial-level suppression and killing? 
Nicholas West writes for ActivistPost.com . This article may be republished in part or in full with author attribution and source link .

ARTICLE

Suspect captured in 'ambush-style' killings of two Iowa cops 11/02/2016 
USA TODAY 
Authorities captured a 46-year-old male suspect without incident Wednesday, hours after an early-morning 'ambush-style' killing of two police officers in the Des Moines metro area. 
The suspect in the back-to-back killings was identified as Scott Michael Greene, said Urbandale police spokesman Sgt. Chad Underwood. Before capturing him, police had described Greene, who was last seen driving a blue Ford F-150 with an Iowa license plate, as armed and dangerous. 
Greene was taken into custody by the Dallas County Sheriff's Department while walking along a rural road in Redfield, about 35 miles west of where the shootings occurred. 
According to police, Greene flagged down a passing Department of Natural Resources officer, handed over his ID and told the officer to call police. No shots were fired and there was no struggle, according to police. 
The suspect was taken by ambulance to a Des Moines hospital with an unknown injury. 
In a late morning news conference, police identified the slain officers as Urbandale Police Officer Justin Martin and Des Moines police Sgt. Anthony 'Tony' Beminio. 
The attacks began around 1:06 a.m. CT, when police departments from both cities responded to reports of gunfire at the intersection of 70th Street and Aurora Avenue in Urbandale. 
The first officers arriving on the scene found Martin fatally wounded. About 20 minutes later, some two miles away, Beminio was was shot near the intersection of Merle Hay Road and Sheridan Ave. while responding to reports of the first officer's shooting. Beminio was transported to Iowa Methodist Medical Center, where he died. Scott Michael Greene (Photo: Des Moines Police) 
Both officers were gunned down in their patrol cars. 
'It doesn't look like there was any interaction between these officers and whoever the coward is that shot them while they sat in their cars,' a visibly emotional Parizek told reporters. 
'In all appearances it looks '¦ that these officers were ambushed,' he added. Officer from Des Moines and another from Urbandale were shot and killed in their cars, @dmpolice said. #officersdown 
'” Daniel P. Finney (@newsmanone) November 2, 2016 
Des Moines police, fearing officers were being singled out, paired up its patrol officers so none were on the street alone, Parizek said. 
'There's literally a clear and present danger if you're a police officer,' he said. 
Police did not offer many details on how investigators identified Greene as a suspect. Underwood said he was identified 'through a series of leads and a series of investigative tips.' 
As of an early-morning news conference, police were still notifying the family members of the slain officers and planned to withhold the officers' names, years of service and other details until later in the day, Parizek said. 
Attorney General Loretta Lynch condemned the killings, saying 'violence has no place in the United States of America.'' 
'Let me be clear, there is no message in murder,'' the attorney general said, referring to simmering distrust between law enforcement and many communities across the country. 'Violence creates nothing; it only destroys.'' A Des Moines police officer was found fatally shot in a vehicle near the intersection of Merle Hay Road and Sheridan Avenue in Des Moines on Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2016. (Photo: Brian Powers, The Des Moines Register) 
It's the first time Des Moines has seen a police officer shot and killed in the line of duty since two officers were gunned down in separate incidents in 1977. 
Two Des Moines officers, Susan Farrell and Carlos Puente-Morales, died earlier this year when their vehicle was struck head-on by a wrong-way drunk driver. 
The killing of the Urbandale officer appeared to be the city's first for an officer shot in the line of duty, Underwood said at the news conference. 
Parizek thanked the community for its support when the department lost Farrell and Puente-Morales, as well as with this tragedy. 
'I don't even know where to begin on how bad this year is,' he said. But, 'this is what we do. We come in day in and day out, we go out there and provide the same level of service regardless of what's going on in our personal and professional lives.' Officers investigate the scene at Merle Hay and Sheridan ave. where an officer was found shot at about 1:26 A.M. on on Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2016, in Urbandale. 
In a statement, Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad called the attack on the officers 'an attack on the public safety of all Iowans.' 
'We call on Iowans to support our law enforcement officials in bringing this suspect to justice,' he said. 'Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the police officers who were tragically killed in the line of duty as well as the officers who continue to put themselves in harm's way.' 
Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst extended her thoughts and prayers to the families of the officers killed. 
'Although the investigation is still unfolding, what appears to be an ambush attack of police in the line of duty is an attack on the community at large and all of the men and women who risk their lives every day to protect us,' Ernst said. 'This was a senseless act of violence and it cannot be tolerated.' 
Finney and Haley report for The Des Moines Register. Follow them on Twitter: @newsmanone and @charlyhaley . Stanglin reports for USA TODAY in McLean, Va.

ARTICLE

Bundy brothers discharged from Oregon jail, headed to Nevada with U.S. Marshals 11/02/2016 
OREGONLIVE 
Ammon Bundy and his older brother Ryan Bundy, both acquitted last Thursday of federal conspiracy and weapon charges in the takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, are no longer in custody in the downtown Portland jail. 
The Bundys were discharged from the Multnomah County Detention Center about 7:45 a.m. Wednesday to the custody of the U.S. Marshals Service, according to a jail spokeswoman. 
The two are being flown to Nevada, where they're among 19 people indicted on federal charges in the 2014 armed standoff with federal agents over grazing rights near their father Cliven Bundy's ranch. 
In Nevada, they face 16 felony counts, including extortion, obstruction of justice, conspiracy to commit an offense against the United States, conspiracy to impede or injure a federal officer, assault on a federal officer, and threatening a federal officer.

ARTICLE

Warning or threat? Hillary hints at second civil war if Trump wins 11/02/2016 
While speaking to supporters in Cincinnati on Monday, Democrat Hillary Clinton hinted at a second civil war if GOP nominee Donald Trump wins, Breitbart.com reported. 
Charlie Spiering wrote: 
'He has a dark and divisive vision for America that could tear our country apart,' Clinton said to supporters in Cincinnati, Ohio on Halloween. 
Clinton specifically referred to the Civil War, suggesting that the country faced a similar threat of divisiveness from Donald Trump. 
'Abraham Lincoln understood a house divided against itself cannot stand, and that was over the greatest of challenges '“ the challenge posed by slavery '“ and we fought a civil war,' she said. 
She warned voters that it was time for the country to take the divisions in the country seriously. 
'But we also have to take stock of how divided we are today, the kinds of divisions that need to be healed to bring people together,' she added, failing to admit that her side is the one that has divided America by race, class and gender. 
She also claimed that Trump would start a nuclear war if a foreign leader got under his skin. 
'I know there are some who will say that any discussion of this topic could be fear-mongering, but I don't think so,' she said at a rally in Kent, Ohio, earlier in the day. 
A post at Barracuda Brigade observed: 
Liberals especially the Clinton are always projecting. Anything that they accuse the other side of is what they are doing. She suggests that her message is one of 'hope and change' when in fact it is just more of the same. 
Moreover, Trump has spent a great deal of time talking about policies and issues while Clinton & Co. have done absolutely nothing but engage in fear-mongering and fingerpointing. 
Still, we have to ask '” was Clinton's 'hint' a 'warning' or a 'threat?' 
Related:

ARTICLE

U.S. militia girds for trouble as presidential election nears 11/02/2016 
REUTERS 
Down a Georgia country road, camouflaged members of the Three Percent Security Force have mobilized for rifle practice, hand-to-hand combat training '” and an impromptu campaign rally for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
'How many people are voting for Trump? Ooh-rah!' asks Chris Hill, a paralegal who goes by the code name 'Bloodagent.' 
'Ooh-rah!' shout a dozen militia members in response, as morning sunlight sifted through the trees last weekend. 
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
They say they won't fire the first shot, but they're not planning to leave their guns at home, either. 
Trump's populist campaign has energized militia members like Hill, who admire the Republican mogul's promise to deport illegal immigrants, stop Muslims from entering the country and build a wall along the Mexico border. Trump has repeatedly warned that the election may be 'rigged,' and has said he may not respect the results if he does not win. At least one paramilitary group, the Oath Keepers, has called on members to monitor voting sites for signs of fraud. 
Armed paramilitary groups first gained prominence in the early 1990s, fueled by confrontations in Ruby Ridge, Idaho and Waco, Texas, culminating in a militia sympathizer's 1995 bombing of a federal office building in Oklahoma City that killed 168 people. 
Their numbers dwindled following that attack but have spiked in recent years, driven by fears that President Barack Obama will threaten gun ownership and erode the power of local government. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks extremist groups, estimates there were 276 active militias last year, up from 42 in 2008. 
In recent years, armed groups have confronted federal authorities in a series of land-use disputes in the western United States. Federal officials fear more clashes could come after seven militants were acquitted on conspiracy charges for occupying a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon. 
Many fear Clinton would push the county further to the left. 
'This is the last chance to save America from ruin,' Hill said. 'I'm surprised I was able to survive or suffer through eight years of Obama without literally going insane, but Hillary is going to be more of the same.' 

EXTREMIST GROUPS EMBOLDENED 
The Oath Keepers, a prominent anti-government force that sent gun-toting members to the 2014 race riots in Ferguson, Missouri, called on members last week to monitor voting sites on election day for any signs of fraud. 
An hour south of Atlanta, the Three Percent Security Force started the day around the campfire, taking turns shooting automatic pistols and rifles at a makeshift target range. They whooped with approval when blasts from one member's high-powered rifle knocked down a tree. 
The group operates independently, but is affiliated with a national armed movement that calls for members to defend individual rights in the face of what they see as an overreaching federal government. The movement draws its name from the notion that no more than 3 percent of the American population fought in the Revolutionary War against Britain. 
Amid the war games, Hill weighed plans for a possible armed march on Washington if Clinton wins. 
He said he doesn't want his members leading the way, but they will defend the protesters if need be. His group will not hesitate to act if a President Clinton tries to disarm gun owners, he said. 
'I will be there to render assistance to my fellow countrymen, and prevent them from being disarmed, and I will fight and I will kill and I may die in the process,' said Hill, who founded the militia several years ago. 
Trump's candidacy has emboldened extremist groups to speak more openly about challenging the rule of law, said Ryan Lenz, a researcher at the Southern Poverty Law Center. 
'Prior to this campaign season, these ideas were relegated to sort of the political fringe of the American political landscape,' he said. 'Now these ideas are legitimized.' 
Over the past week, some prominent Trump supporters have hinted at violence. 
'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket,' former Illinois Representative Joe Walsh wrote on Twitter last week. Conservative commentator Wayne Root fantasized about Clinton's death while speaking at a Trump rally in Las Vegas on Sunday. 
Back in Georgia, the Three Percent Security Force wrapped up rifle practice in the midday sun. They then headed further into the trees to tackle an obstacle course with loaded pistols at their sides, ready for whatever may come. 
'We've building up for this, just like the Marines,' he said. 'We are going to really train harder and try to increase our operational capabilities in the event that this is the day that we hoped would never come.' Share On:

ARTICLE

Donald Trump a KGB Spy? 11/02/2016 In today's video, Christopher Greene of AMTV reports Hillary Clinton campaign accusation that Donald Trump is a KGB spy is about as weak and baseless a claim as a Salem witch hunt or McCarthy era trial. It's only because Hillary Clinton is losing that she is lobbing conspiracy theory. Citizen Quasar 
The way I see it, one of two things will happen: 
1. Trump will win by a landslide but the election will be stolen via electronic voting, just like I have been predicting for over a decade, and the American People will accept the skewed election results just like they accept the TSA into their crotches. 
2. Somebody will bust a cap in Hillary's @$$ killing her and the election will be postponed. Follow AMTV!

ARTICLE

Putin grants Steven Seagal Russian citizenship 11/03/2016 
DAILY MAIL President Vladimir Putin signed off Thursday on a decree granting Russian citizenship to American action hero actor Steven Seagal, the latest high-profile passport handout to a Western celebrity. Hollywood star Seagal and judo-loving Kremlin tough guy Putin have struck up a bromance in recent years, with Seagal visiting Russia repeatedly and defending Moscow's 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. 'He was asking quite insistently and over a lengthy period to be granted citizenship,' Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told journalists. 'He is well known for his warm feelings towards our country and has never hidden them.' DUAL CITIZENSHIP IN THE U.S. Americans are allowed to hold dual citizenship, such as Steven Seagal now has with Russia. U.S. law does not mention dual nationality not does it require its citizens to choose one nationality over the other. People that become U.S. citizens are asked to make a pledge of loyalty to the U.S., renouncing all previous allegiances, but the statement is more symbolic than contractual. However, there are rare cases in which a U.S. citizen can forfeit their citizenship by becoming the citizen of another nation. That can happen in instances when an American citizen joins the armed forces of a foreign nation or they make a declaration of allegiance to a foreign state with the express purpose of relinquishing their U.S. nationality. Seagal is the latest in a string of high-profile Westerners to be granted Russian citizenship after buddying up with Putin. Veteran French actor Gerard Depardieu was given a Russian passport in 2013 after the star became a tax exile in ire over rate hikes in his native country. Putin has also handed out citizenship to American boxer Roy Jones Jr after sipping tea with him in Crimea and to American mixed martial artist Jeff Monson. Seagal's fame peaked in the late 1980s and early 1990s with films such as 'Under Siege' and 'Above the Law', but he remains hugely popular in eastern Europe and was granted Serbian citizenship in January. Like Depardieu, he has previously hung out with Putin, a fellow martial arts fan, and other strongmen leaders from the former Soviet Union. After Russia's annexation of Crimea, Seagal called Putin 'one of the great living world leaders' and even performed with his blues band in the annexed Black Sea peninsula. In August, veteran Belarussian leader Alexander Lukashenko made Seagal eat one of his homegrown carrots in an awkward encounter that drew mockery online.

ARTICLE

New bionic eye implant connects directly to brain 11/03/2016 
RUSSIA TODAY Scientists may have made a significant breakthrough in restoring human sight, as a woman who had been blind for seven years has regained the ability to see shapes and colours with a bionic eye implant. 
The 30-year-old woman had a wireless visual stimulator chip inserted into her brain by University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) surgeons in the first human test of the product. As a result, she could see colored flashes, lines, and spots when signals were sent to her brain from a computer. 
The woman, who wished to remain anonymous, suffered no significant adverse side effects in the process, according to a statement. 
The device, which was developed as part of the Orion 1 programme by Second Sight, uses technology to restore sight by bypassing the optic nerve to stimulate the brain's visual cortex, according to chairman Robert Greenberg. 
It is designed for those who cannot benefit from the Argus II retinal system that was unveiled at Manchester Royal Eye Hospital last year, but has limited application, as it depends on the patient having some retinal cells. 
This new system goes one step further by sending signals directly to the brain. It has the potential to restore sight to those who have gone completely blind for virtually any reason, including glaucoma, cancer, diabetic retinopathy, or trauma, according to the manufacturer. 
The next step is to connect the implant to a camera on a pair of glasses, and the company plans to seek FDA approval in 2017 to get the go ahead to conduct these trials. 
UCLA neurosurgeon Nader Pouratian, who implanted the stimulator, said the results of the surgery are promising. 
'Based on these results, stimulation of the visual cortex has the potential to restore useful vision to the blind, which is important for independence and improving quality of life,' he said.

ARTICLE

American Express disowns Pink Floyd singer Roger Waters because of pro-Palestinian views 11/03/2016 
MONDOWEISS When it comes to aiding Israeli Apartheid, American Express is just another brick in The Wall, according to a new report. Roger Waters, lead singer behind Pink Floyd, lost a multimillion dollar American Express sponsorship for his 2017 US+Them tour after expressing solidarity this month with Palestinian students trying to end Israel's apartheid system of military occupation using the same protest tactic that helped dismantle South African Apartheid (and, earlier, America's Jim Crow): Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions, or BDS. 'I'm going to send out all of my most heartfelt love and support to all those young people on the campuses of the universities of California who are standing up for their brothers and sisters in Palestine and supporting the BDS movement,' Rogers said, according to CBS News , 'in the hope that we may encourage the government of Israel to end the occupation.' American Express decided it would be a good idea to leak the cancellation of the contract to the New York Post , where Page Six's Emily Smith has the exclusive story . 'Roger is putting on a huge show. The company was asked to sponsor his tour for $4 million, but pulled out because it did not want to be part of his anti-Israel rhetoric,' an American Express spokesman told the paper. 'We never committed to sponsoring Roger Waters' upcoming tour. When we were approached with the options, we passed on making a bid.' American Express had helped sponsor Waters' Oldchella Desert Trip festival (Coachella for the senior set featuring Neil Young, Bob Dylan, Paul McCartney, and the Rolling Stones) where he made the comments expressing support for human rights. But without anybody even asking them, American Express decided it had to go out of its way to bash Waters for 'putting on a huge show.' Noteworthy about American Express's decision is that it comes even as Waters included more mainstream political views, like featuring in the performance a line of children wearing shirts that said 'Derriba el muro,' (Tear down the wall). He also showed Trump in a Klan outfit, and the show featured a floating pig balloon that calls the Republican candidate an 'Ignorant, lying, racist, sexist pig,' CBS reported. Waters more mainstream kinds of leftist protest didn't make up for his audacious display of solidarity with his fellow human beings living and dying under a ceaseless occupation. American Express has also sponsored Beyonce's performances, where she has used art to make reference to police oppression of communities of color . But AmEx lost its nerve when Waters brought up Palestinian rights. According to the New York Post , Waters has known that there are consequences for standing up against the occupation, and that keeps others silent. 'I have been accused of being a Nazi and an anti-Semite for the past 10 years. My industry has been particularly recalcitrant in even raising a voice [against Israel] . . . I've talked to a lot of them, and they are scared s '“ '“ tless. If they say something in public, they will no longer have a career. They will be destroyed,' he said, according to the Post. But Waters is already famous, and 75, so the stakes aren't the same as for young artists. Update (11/1/16) This article originally quoted the New York Post as saying that Citi had assumed sponsorship of the tour after American Express dropped out, but after publication a representative of Citi contacted us with this clarification: In your article ' American Express disowns Pink Floyd singer Roger Waters because of pro-Palestinian views ', it mentions that 'Citibank grabbed the opportunity to sponsor one of the biggest and best acts of the 20th century.' However, Citi is not a sponsor of Roger Waters' upcoming tour. Two weeks ago, Citi offered a limited time pre-sale of tickets for cardmembers for select shows, as we do for thousands of concerts by different artists every year. The pre-sale has ended and we have no plans to work with this artist in the future. 
'“ See more at: http://mondoweiss.net/2016/10/american-express-palestinian/#sthash.cGAw7DW9.dpuf

ARTICLE

Police fire rubber bullets at pipeline protesters 11/03/2016 
KGW 
Police in riot gear shot rubber bullets and used pepper spray on demonstrators '” who call themselves water protectors '” on the shoreline of the Cantapeta Creek, just north of the Standing Rock Sioux Indian Reservation on Wednesday. 
After a few relatively peaceful days at the campground, where thousands have gathered to demonstrate against a controversial North Dakota oil pipeline, demonstrators put out calls on social media to 'make your way to the river' for a 'river action,' but to do so 'in prayer.' 
In a Facebook Live stream, Cempoalli Twenny , who says he is at Standing Rock to protect the water, said, 'The pipeline is getting really close to the river now, so it's crunch time.' 
Demonstrators on the shoreline prayed, played drums, sang, and waded into the river towards the base of the hill where armed police stood. 
It was a '100 percent peaceful protest,' according to activist Erin Schrode, who was shot in the lower back with a rubber bullet while standing on the shoreline opposite police. Schrode had joined others from the camp in solidarity as they prayed on the shoreline. 
A confrontation erupted after law enforcement dismantled a wooden bridge that demonstrators constructed to access the sacred site. 
'I was shot in point blank range,' said Schrode, who says she is shaken but physically will recover. 'Another water protector was also shot at twice at point blank range, but the rubber bullet hit the water, and not him.' 
In a press release, the Morton County Sheriff's Department said it used 'less-than-lethal ammunition to control the situation' when a man threw bottles at officers on the police line and when another charged the police line. 'Officers also deployed pepper spray and tear gas to disperse the group of protesters who came across the water and camp at officers,' the release said. 
Even as law enforcement warned protesters to leave the area and return to their camp, demonstrators could be heard yelling back at police. 
'There was absolutely no provocation of any kind,' said film director Josh Fox, who was also on scene. 'The police pepper sprayed people sitting in the water.' 
Law enforcement vehicles and personnel have been stationed on a hill overlooking the shoreline in question for a number of days, and the hill is recognized as a burial ground and sacred site by the Standing Rock Sioux. 
On Monday, people who identified themselves as water protectors waded across the creek to the hill to request that law enforcement move off the sacred area. 
According to the Morton County Sheriff's Department public information officer, the police remained there 'to prevent criminal trespass on private property.' 
Wednesday, the Department said The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers gave Morton County orders to remove a wooden pedestrian bridge that had been constructed across the river and arrest any individuals who cross the river for criminal trespass. 
'I was facing the line of officers from across the river and all of a sudden, I felt as if someone swung a mallet with all their might against my lower back. It obliterated me,' said Schrode. 'I turned around and I had no idea what just happened. And there was an officer pointing his gun in my direction from a boat.' 
Morton County called the situation a 'standoff' and, in a press release, stated that 'protesters involved in this activity are violating numerous federal and state laws.' 
E'sha Hoferer , who is a member of the Walker River Paiute Tribe and who says he is in Standing Rock to protect the water for his children and grandchildren, told NBC News before Wednesday's encounter with law enforcement that the construction of the pipeline is 'desecrating a lot of sacred sites' and that 'a lot of the traditional ecological knowledge that we have '“ that Standing Rock has '“ shows that we have ceremonial sites up there, sacred sites, burial sites,' referring to the hill at the center of the standoff. 
The last big clash between police and demonstrators took place on Thursday, October 27, when 141 protesters were arrested .

ARTICLE

Report: FBI's Clinton Foundation Probe Will 'Likely' Lead to Indictment 11/03/2016 
EPOCH TIMES 
The FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation is likely to lead to an indictment, sources with the federal law enforcement agency said. 
Those sources said that the probe into the Clinton Foundation is being taken as a 'very high priority,' reported Fox News on Wednesday evening. The news outlet described them as 'separate sources' within the agency. 
Agents have interviewed several people involved in the foundation case, looking for possible pay-to-play links between then-secretary of state Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. The White Collar Crime division of the FBI is conducting the investigation. 
'There is an avalanche of new information coming in every day,' a source told Fox News. 
Sources, meanwhile, told Fox that FBI agents collected a significant amount of evidence even before WikiLeaks started releasing emails linked to the Democratic National Committee and the Clinton campaign. 
As FBI agents are 'actively and aggressively pursuing this case,' they'll interview the same people again'”possibly some for a third time, the report stated. They'll also look into what Hillary Clinton and her aides told them in previous interviews. 
While on the air, Fox News reporter Bret Baier, citing unnamed sources, said that Clinton's private email server has been breached by at least five separate foreign intelligence hackers. 
'I pressed again and again on this very issue, and these sources said, 'Yes, the investigations will continue'' if Clinton defeats rival Donald Trump on Election Day, Baier said on Fox News. 
'And barring some obstruction in some way, they believe they'll continue to likely an indictment,' Baier added .

ARTICLE

Assad: US waging proxy war in Syria against Russia & Iran 11/03/2016 
BLACKLISTEDNEWS.COM Despite claiming humanitarian motives, US actions in Syria are meant to undermine the power of Russia and Iran, with Washington trying to achieve this goal by directly supporting terrorists, Syrian President Bashar Assad has said. The US' secret collaboration with terrorists is the reason why all attempts at a ceasefire and political transition in Syria have so far failed, the Syrian leader told Serbian newspaper Politika. The interview was also published by the Syria's SANA news agency.
'Supporting the terrorists is a war of attrition against Syria, against Iran, against Russia, that's how they look at it. That's why not only this ceasefire '“ every attempt regarding ceasefire or political moving or political initiative, every failure of these things, the United States was to blame,' the Syrian president said. 
Assad was referring to the deal negotiated by the US and Russia in September, which it was hoped would pave the way for a lasting truce in Syria. In practice, the agreement was derailed by armed groups, which had rejected it from the very beginning. The US pledged to convince the so-called moderate opposition to stick to the bargain and separate from terrorists, who would then be legitimate targets for a joint Russian-American air campaign. Washington didn't deliver on this promise, however. 
According to the Syrian president, a lasting ceasefire was not what Washington sought from the deal in the first place. 
'They always ask for ceasefire only when the terrorists are in a bad situation, not for the civilians. And they try to use those ceasefires in order to support the terrorists, bring them logistic support, armament, money, everything, in order to re-attack and to become stronger again,' he said. 
Sometimes the US support for terrorist groups goes through its allies such as Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar, Assad believes, while occasionally they provide direct support even to Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL), a group that the Washington-led coalition was supposedly formed to defeat. An example of this came during an American attack on Syrian Army troops near Deir Ez-Zor, which happened while the US-Russian truce was in force, and which the US claimed was the result of a mistake. 
'They attacked a very big area. They didn't attack a building to say, 'we made a mistake.' They attacked three big hills, not other groups neighboring these hills,' he said. 'In less than one hour, ISIS attacked those hills. It means that ISIS gathered their forces to attack those hills. How did ISIS know that the Americans would attack that Syrian position? It means they were ready, they were prepared.' 
Humanitarian mask, like in Yugoslavia, Afghanistan or Iraq Western media are currently focusing on civilian suffering in Syria and alleged atrocities committed by the Syrian government and its allies to justify deeper involvement in the war by whatever means the White House chooses, Assad said in the interview. 
'You have a black-and-white picture; very, very bad guy against very, very good guy. It's like the narrative of George W. Bush during the war on Iraq and on Afghanistan,' he described. 
'The war in your country has been portrayed in the same way; as a humanitarian war where the West wanted to intervene in order to protect a certain community against the aggressors from the other community,' Assad said, referring to the Balkan Wars and the partitioning of Yugoslavia. 'So, many people in the world believe that story, the same in Syria; they use the same mask, the humanitarian mask.' 
While stressing any wrongdoing on the part of the government forces, the West ignores whatever atrocities the opposition commits, the president said. 
'The terrorists killed during the last three days more than 80 innocent civilians in Aleppo, and wounded more than 300. You don't read anything about them in the Western mainstream media,' he said. 'They only single out some pictures and some incidents in the area under the control of the terrorists just to use them for their political agenda in order to condemn and to blame the Syrian government, not because they are worried about the Syrians.' 
'They don't care about our children, or about innocents, and about civilization, about infrastructure,' he added. 'But actually, they only care about using everything that would serve their vested interests.' 
The Syrian president doesn't expect the US approach to Syria to change, regardless of who wins the presidential election next week, he told the newspaper. Both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump would be bad for his country, he said. 
'We don't see any good signs that the United States is going to change dramatically its policy toward what's happening in the world'¦ or to obey the international law, or to care about the United Nation's Charter,' he said. 
'It's not about who's going to be president; the difference will be very minimal, each one of them is going to be allowed to leave his own fingerprint, just personal fingerprint, but doesn't mean change of policies. That's why we don't pin our hopes, we don't waste our time with it.' 
A year without interference to stop war Assad reiterated his assessment that if Syria were left to settle its problems without foreign interference, it would take it no more than a year to end the conflict, saying that 'it is not very complicated internally.' 
'Of course, that looks not realistic, because everybody knows that the United States wanted to undermine the position of Russia as a great power in the world, including in Syria. Saudi Arabia has been looking how to destroy Iran for years now, and Syria could be one of the places where they can achieve that, according to their way of thinking,' he said. 
'But if we say that we could achieve that situation where all those foreign powers leave Syria alone, we don't have a problem in solving our problem.' 
The president said Syria has existed as a multiethnic multiconfessional entity for centuries and has significant experience in overcoming differences. 
'Without all different colors of the society '“ Christians, Muslims, and the different sects and ethnicities '“ you won't have Syria. So, every Syrian citizen should feel fully free in practicing his rituals, his traditions, his beliefs. He should be free in order to have a stable country. Otherwise you won't have Syria as a stable country,' Assad said. 
The war has been a huge ordeal for Syrian society, but it has made Syrians as a nation more united, not less, he added. 
'Many Syrians before the war didn't tell the difference between being fanatic and being extremist, between being extremist and being terrorist. Those borders weren't clear for many,' the president said. 'Because of the war, because of the destruction, because of the heavy price that affected every Syrian, many Syrians learned the lesson and now they know that the only way to protect the country and to preserve the country is to be homogenous, to live with each other, to integrate, to accept, to love each other.' 
'That's why I think the effect of the war, in spite of all the bad aspects of any war like this war, but this aspect was positive for the Syrian society. So, I'm not worried about the structure of Syrian society after the war. I think it's going to be healthier,' Assad added.

ARTICLE

November supermoon biggest in nearly 70 years 11/03/2016 
USA TODAY 
Supersized! November supermoon will be biggest in nearly 70 years. The supermoon occurs when the moon is slightly closer to Earth than it typically is, and the effect is most noticeable when it occurs around the same time as a full moon. 
It can appear 14% bigger and 30% brighter than usual, according to NASA. 
The word supermoon was coined in 1979 by astrologer Richard Nolle, AccuWeather's Mark Paquette says. Nolle used the term to describe a new or full moon that occurs when the moon is at or near its closest approach to Earth. 
Instead of a supermoon, astronomy site Slooh.com is calling it a 'mega beaver moon,' which includes the moon's folklore name for November. 
According to the Old Farmer's Almanac , the November moon was named the beaver moon partly because, 'for both the colonists and the Algonquin tribes, this was the time to set beaver traps before the swamps froze, to ensure a supply of warm winter furs.' 
Contributing: Mary Bowerman, USA TODAY 
Follow @MaryBowerman on Twitter. Follow Doyle Rice at @USATODAYWeather . Share On:

ARTICLE

RT crew comes under fire as Aleppo militants launch massive new assault (VIDEO) 11/03/2016 
RUSSIA TODAY RT's Murad Gazdiev and his crew came under fire in Aleppo as militant groups holding the eastern part of the city launched a new assault on government-held western areas, trying to break the blockade, after rejecting an offer to leave the city with their arms. 
The neighborhood ' has been relatively quiet for the past two days and we wanted to see what was happening there ,' RT's Gazdiev reported from Aleppo. ' There are still dozens of civilians there, not everyone managed to leave. ' 
The rebels apparently launched a major new offensive against the government-held part of the city, radio communications intercepted by the Syrian military indicate. 
' There were apparently two or three suicide car bombs blown up very close to us. We hid. We saw many shells landing meters away from us, ' Gazdiev said. 
The Syrian Army helped the RT crew along with civilians being evacuated from the area. 
Earlier on Wednesday, the Russian military said that last week's attempts by the militants to break through the blockade around the city had failed, and suggested that they leave Aleppo through one of two corridors opened for that purpose. 
Russia and Syria halted airstrikes on eastern Aleppo two weeks ago amid a flurry of criticism from the West over civilian casualties in the city. Moscow said civilians were being held by the militants as human shields, but agreed to keep warplanes away from the city. 
The offer to leave Aleppo by Friday night was rejected by some groups controlling the eastern part of the city. 
Russia's earlier attempts to allow militants to leave and civilians to be evacuated from eastern Aleppo were thwarted by the more belligerent groups, which opened fire at anyone trying to use the corridors '“ both those meant for armed people and unarmed civilians.

ARTICLE

US-led airstrike kills at least 30 Afghan civilians 11/03/2016 
PRESS TV 
At least 30 Afghan civilians, including women and children, have lost their lives in Afghanistan in an airstrike carried out by the so-called US-led military alliance in the country's volatile north. 
Local Afghan officials said more than two dozen civilians were also injured in the aerial assault which took place in the northern province of Kunduz on Thursday. 
'Afghan forces and coalition troops conducted a joint operation against the Taliban insurgents. In the bombardment, 30 Afghan civilians were martyred and 25 others were wounded,' media outlets quoted provincial spokesman, Mahmood Danish, as saying. 
Airstrike sparks anti-US protest rally 
Following the deadly airstrike, dozens of the relatives of those killed in the US-led raid staged a demonstration outside the governor's office in Kunduz to condemn the attack as they were carrying the bodies of the victims. 
'I am heartbroken. I have lost seven members of my family. I want to know, why these innocent children were killed? Were they Taliban?' said Taza Gul, a 55-year-old laborer, adding, 'No, they were innocent children.' 
Afghan government forces are engaged in fierce fighting against the militants in and around Kunduz. Relatives and members of civilians sit next the dead body of a man who was killed during clashes between Afghan security forces and the Taliban in Kunduz, Afghanistan November 3, 2016. (Photo by Reuters) 
Taliban militants briefly overran the city of Kunduz, the provincial capital with the same name, in early October. They had briefly seized control of the city a year earlier but they were pushed out of Kunduz weeks later. They now seek to gain full control over the city. 
Taliban militants were removed from power following the 2001 US-led invasion of Afghanistan, but they have stepped up their activities in recent months, attempting to overrun several provinces. 
Afghan forces have been engaged in fierce clashes with Taliban to contain the ongoing insurgency across various parts of the violence-wrecked country. 
The rising violence in Afghanistan comes despite the presence of thousands of foreign troops in the country.

ARTICLE

Protesters, Police Still Clashing Over Disputed North Dakota Pipeline 11/03/2016 
NPR 
Police used pepper spray and what they called nonlethal ammunition to remove Dakota Access Pipeline protesters from federal land Wednesday. Demonstrators say they were trying to occupy land just north of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation where construction of the controversial pipeline is scheduled. 
This was the first significant clash between law enforcement and protesters since demonstrations turned violent last week and more than 100 people were arrested. 
According to the Morton County, N.D., Sheriff's Department, a group of people began building a wood pedestrian bridge across a creek north of the main protest camp early Wednesday morning. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers owns the land and had asked law enforcement to remove any protesters who try to reach it. 
Officers in boats pulled the makeshift bridge apart and warned protesters they would be arrested if they continued to trespass. After a several-hour standoff with police, protesters dispersed and returned to their main camp. 
During the standoff, a few protesters watched from across the nearby Cannonball River. They waded into the water '” some chest-deep '” to shout support for colleagues closer to officers. 
'I decided to get into the river and just be a presence there,' says Stephanie Jasper of Tampa Bay, Fla. She watched as law enforcement pushed protesters back toward the main camp, and says she saw officers use pepper spray. She says it was a chaotic sight as a police helicopter hovered overhead. 
Several protesters standing in the river held mirrors directed at law enforcement officers lined up on the other side and at police on the river in boats. 
'Everybody was just sharing love to these officers and explaining why it is we're here and questioning why they were,' says Jasper. 
One law enforcement official had a very different view of the protest. 'In my 27 years in law enforcement, I have never seen such an absolute disregard for the law or other people's rights because of someone else's ideology,' said Cass County, N.D., Sheriff Paul Laney. 
The Standing Rock Sioux Tribe says the Dakota Access Pipeline construction route crosses land that is sacred to its members. And the tribe worries a pipeline spill could pollute local water. The tribe wants the federal government to stop work on the pipeline and conduct a full environmental impact study of the pipeline. 
The Morton County Sheriff's Department says one person was arrested for 'conspiracy to commit obstruction of a government function.' In a press release, the agency says the protester was buying canoes and kayaks for others to cross the creek.

ARTICLE

A Coup Taking Place in the United States 11/03/2016 In today's video, Christopher Greene of AMTV reports on Steve Pieczenik controversial report that a coup d'Ã©tat is taking place in the United States of America. Putin grants Steven Seagal Russian citizenship 11/03/2016 DAILY MAIL President Vladimir Putin signed off Thursday on a decree granting Russian citizenship to American action her ... New bionic eye implant connects directly to brain 11/03/2016 RUSSIA TODAY Scientists may have made a significant breakthrough in restoring human sight, as a woman who had been blin ... American Express disowns Pink Floyd singer Roger Waters because of pro-Palestinian views 11/03/2016 MONDOWEISS When it comes to aiding Israeli Apartheid, American Express is just another brick in The Wall, according ... AMTV Archives

ARTICLE

Juror explanation for Ammon Bundy verdict 11/03/2016 
OREGONLIVE 
Juror 4 has so far provided the only public explanation of the behind-the-scenes discussions that led to the acquittal of Ammon Bundy, his brother and five others on federal conspiracy charges stemming from the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupation. 
Readers have asked to hear more from him about the jury's reasoning in reaching the surprising decision. 
Juror 4 '“ a 44-year-old business administration student at Marylhurst University who served in the Navy during the Iraq War '“ went into detail in a series of email exchanges with The Oregonian/OregonLive that were used in news stories. 
Here's a transcript of the emails, with some minor editing for brevity or clarity. He's asked not to be identified for fear of retribution. The judge sealed the names of all nine women and three men on the jury, citing public safety. 
Juror 4 makes references to U.S. District Judge Anna J. Brown; prosecutor Ethan Knight; Juror 11 who the judge removed from the jury after Juror 4 questioned his objectivity; Juror 18, who replaced Juror 11; and Ryan Payne, one of the leaders of the occupation with Ammon Bundy. 
He also references a Jan. 2 rally for Harney County ranchers and then the takeover of the refuge later that day. 
All seven defendants faced a charge of conspiring to impede employees of the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service or U.S. Bureau of Land Management from doing their work through intimidation, threat or force during the 41-day occupation. 
His initial email: 
It should be known that all 12 jurors felt that this verdict was a statement regarding the various failures of the prosecution to prove 'conspiracy' in the count itself '“ and not any form of affirmation of the defense's various beliefs, actions, or aspirations. Proving the elements of conspiracy, especially given the body of evidence we were forced to restrict ourselves to consider when judging, was far too great a standard to meet (without using our imaginations, prejudices, etc.). 
The judge floored us when she said that there was no statute against impeding federal officers (by force, threat, or intimidation), nor was there a significant penalty applied to criminal trespass. We all queried about alternative charges that could stick and were amazed that this 'conspiracy' charge seemed the best possible option. It was not lost on us that our verdict(s) might inspire future actions that are regrettable, but that sort of thinking was not permitted when considering the charges before us. 
The prosecution asked us to neglect Judge Brown's final (binding) instructions when they asserted in closing that adverse possession = conspiracy to impede (as per Mr. Knight's closing argument), as if defining actions was all that was needed to convict. All 12 agreed that impeding existed, even if as an effect of the occupation, and that something was very wrong. But we were not asked to judge on bullets and hurt feelings, rather to decide if an agreement was made with an illegal object in mind. It seemed this basic, high standard of proof was lost upon the prosecution throughout. Inference, while possibly compelling, proved to be insulting or inadequate to 12 diversely situated people as a means to convict. The air of triumphalism that the prosecution brought was not lost on any of us, nor was it warranted given their burden of proof. 
Regarding my role in crafting the letter that led to the dismissal of juror 11, I can say that it was not only necessary but also borne out of much patience in dealing with a fellow who had zero business being on this jury in the first place. He effectively wasted a great deal of our time as he (irrationally) promoted his theory of conspiracy despite the absence of evidence. Also, he violated Judge Brown's explicit orders by hearkening to 'evidence' that was never admitted in this case, refused to consider the defendant's state of mind, and used imaginative theories to explain key actions. How this juror slipped through the cracks is mind boggling and very disconcerting. 
You should know that the sentiments expressed in that letter were the exact thoughts I had when juror 11 first made his opening remarks on day one of deliberations, but I resisted the impulse to send the question at that time and give this fellow the chance to convince/explain. It seemed wise to suspend my shock/disbelief in him until a thorough examination of his mindset was complete (and the other jurors could weigh in themselves on his various theories). The vast majority of time was spent trying to deal with his bizarre theories, compared against what was admitted and/or expected of us as standards of judgment. While I wish now that I had sent the letter on day one, since it would have alleviated much stress for all of us, I would wish to have the time/opportunity to expand or alter my perspective that we afforded him. 
As I peruse the responses of many interested parties in this case, many of which express 'profound regret' over the verdicts, I am baffled by the flippant sentiments that seem to dominate the landscape. Several questions immediately percolate in my mind: do these folks even know what it took to arrive at a verdict on any one of these counts? How could 12 diverse people find such agreement unless there was a colossal failure on the part of the prosecution? Don't they know that 'not guilty' does not mean 'innocent'? I have many such thoughts swirling around in my head that I'd like to vent, but I need to break it off for now. 
*** 

We asked a series of follow-up questions : How did the jury feel about starting all over again? Did other jurors know about your note regarding Juror 11 '” and how did they react to it? How did the jury start anew? Why the substantially shorter time period for the final verdicts? 

Juror 4's response: 
The feeling, at the time of the reset, was universal relief that we even had a chance to hear from a more objective juror. It was not a relief to think we could be there today (Friday ) or Monday, frankly, but all said they were more than willing to start over in order to erase the ill feelings created while deliberating with juror 11. We had no knowledge about juror 18's leanings in any regard prior to her coming in (we maintained a strict standard to not discuss the case with each other before deliberating). 
Only juror #1 knew about my note (since he had to pass it on to the judge), or so I thought. Juror 11, when we later were arguing about his bias, said he knew what I must have been doing when I folded a note and quietly handed it to Juror 1. My note was a last resort, frankly, because I made the entire jury uneasy by directly challenging juror 11 (on Tuesday morning; more than 16 hours of deliberations had passed) about his stated bias. Many jurors were upset at my direct approach and seemingly personal challenge to him. What I had said to him was far more upsetting than the contents of my note, and so I don't think the jurors should have been surprised. Of course, I didn't openly state to the jury that I had an open question before the court until the next morning (Wednesday) when juror 11 played the victim. I again reiterated that this whole issue was of his own making, and although he calmly explained what his bias was or meant to him in this case, I was anxious to hear from the court. 
It is a fact that we were so exhausted by this time that we nearly submitted final ballots on Wednesday, with juror 11's input (equaling a mistrial on most counts). It is also true that I told the jury that if I did not get an answer to my question from the court, I would be forced to take my grievance to the media immediately afterwards. We had no idea of what had transpired in court as a result of my question, but you begin to feel neglected after almost 24 hours of silence. 
All of the other 10 jurors were relieved that juror 11 was excused, and most of them personally thanked me for doing what I did (even though I upset them in the process). 
Starting anew was filled with trepidation by the remaining 11 jurors, because we didn't want to allow any whiff of prior deliberations to influence our new juror. This was all about her, frankly. We let her purge her feelings, as we all had the opportunity to do, and we let her direct the review of evidence. To her credit, she was fairly focused on getting her thoughts communicated quickly and purposefully so that time was not lost. The rapidity of her pace caused us to caution her, slow her a bit, but she was very business-like. It was clear that by 11:00 a.m., our new juror had resolved any questions regarding counts 1 and 2. She was relieved, and perhaps a bit surprised, that there was unanimity on these points. 
While we had a robust process for counts 4 and 5, we had reached a point of impasse by 2:00. There were no throw away words expressed on this day. The extremes we felt pressed into really crystallized our purpose, even if we had to go through the essential elements again, and it made for a swift process. 
Before we sent our final word to the court, I asked our new juror if she could explain why this process was so fast, to which she replied confidently and affirmatively. She's a sharp lady and can handle herself, I think. 

Q. Wondered if there were turning points or particular moments in the trial that stuck out for jurors in helping the jury reach the not guilty pleas. 
A. Turning points? Let me begin by speaking for myself before I attempt to recall those of others. I expected there to be a witness to the January 2nd meeting at Ye Olde Castle before the protest/rally that would confirm the prosecution's assertion of intent to impede, and the absence of such evidence became a seed of doubt that grew. I expected that there must be proof of conspiracy between Ammon and Ryan Payne (most logical link, owing to their initial visit to the Hammond's place in early November) but he wasn't even called for either side, nor were there any phone calls, emails, etc. that would demonstrate agreement here. These two major holes in the evidence record proved to cause insurmountable doubt for me. 
Others said that, while the evidence record was not adequate, certain moments turned them. One said they did a full 180 degree turn when they realized there were six informants that went unnamed on the refuge during the occupation, and the choice of the prosecution to allow that much room for mysterious influence there (remember Fabio?) was decisive. One said that the doctrine of adverse possession seemed to govern every thought, word, and deed of the 'leadership' such that it could not be deemed intent to impede federal workers. Another said that the repeated objections to the reading of the constitution became a wedge issue for them. Those turning points are the most distinct ones I can remember, and so I'll leave it there. 
Q. What about counts 4 and 5? What was the thinking with those? (Count 4 was a property theft charge against defendant Kennth Medenbach for driving a refuge truck to the Safeway in Burns and Count 5 was a property theft charge against Ryan Bundy for helping to remove FBI surveillance cameras from two utility poles near the refuge.) 

A. With count four, we were split for a good while and it didn't look like we could agree. Because this law requires us to consider intent, one of the jurors pressed hard on the issue of what Medenbach was thinking (adverse possession: he believed it was no longer a refuge truck). The video/audio evidence of his arrest was instructive, confirming a mindset. Some jurors were impressed by the surprise Medenbach expressed to the state police officer when told that the rig was reported as stolen. Another said if he had been caught with it while not doing 'resource center' business, so to speak, then it would have demonstrated his intent was not consistent with the claim. Eventually, none of us could imagine he was not going to return the vehicle to the refuge. 
Count five plagued us most of the day. We had to table the discussion a couple times because the contentions over the wording of the law as it relates to 'knowingly stole' proved to be a major hang up for one juror. There were many different definitions of 'stole' at play in the minds of several jurors. In the morning, 11 out of 12 were prepared to vote guilty, but after simmering and revisiting the debate a few times, the number of votes for not guilty grew to three. A couple of jurors came to believe that having the media present, offering back the cameras to the F.B.I., and taking steps to safeguard them after removal was proof of something other than theft. The majority could not deny that the intent to deprive was clearly present in Ryan. Since we were moving the opposite way of consensus and three jurors were resolved to vote not guilty, we agreed to end deliberations. 
Q. What did you and others think of Ammon Bundy's testimony? 
A. It was clear that there was no juror who received Ammon's testimony as fully honest, and several who felt manipulated. Even those who felt he was sincere in his beliefs found examples of inconsistency in his testimony. 
The continual objections to Ammon's answers (usually owing to his own misleading phrasing that was disallowed) became tedious to myself, especially since altering one word would make the answer acceptable (and often did). The emotional appeals riddled throughout, while understandable as a tactic, also became tiresome to me since our feelings as jurors are irrelevant after all. And I don't think it was endearing to us jurors for him to characterize the entire federal court system, of which we were a key part of, as rigged against himself. 
A few outstanding things Ammon testified to stood out to me. There apparently were multiple attempts to meet personally with the F.B.I. by Ammon and yet no face-to-face meet up ever occurred, presumably because the bureau did not wish to have that sort of negotiation. And the lack of law enforcement/engagement throughout the occupation, coupled with the visits to the refuge by many politicians, caused me to see how occupiers could view their presence as something other than illegal. Also, after watching an edited version of KATU's Steve Dunn interview with Ammon at the refuge (this was played for the jury by Ammon Bundy's lawyer ), there seemed to be consistency of message/belief that I did not expect '” especially if you have 9 months to ponder your defense, even I might alter my emphasis or eliminate something unfavorable. Because of the law's wording, Ammon's state of mind weighed heavily. 

Q. Why do you wish to remain anonymous? 
A: Because I'd rather not encounter any of the angry commenters on your articles, I prefer to remain simply as Juror 4. I read on twitter that Matt Schindler (one of the defense attorneys) is receiving threats, which is very troubling to me. 
'” Maxine Bernstein

ARTICLE

Doug Casey: A Civil War Could Be in the Cards After the Election 11/03/2016 
LEW ROCKWELL 
( Source: The 2nd American Civil War by Richard Hubal, via MN Artists ) 
Nick Giambruno: The US presidential election is only days away. What are the country's greatest problems right now? 
Doug Casey: Domestically, I'd say the continual and accelerating loss of freedom, compounded by the prospect of what I suspect will be the biggest financial/economic crisis of modern times. What might that crisis be like? That's unpredictable, although the odds are it will be unlike any others that are still fresh in people's memories, simply because people tend to be most prepared for the things that have most recently scared them. The big problems usually come from an unexpected quarter, and/or at an unexpected time. Like the monetary crisis of 1998, that materialized in Thailand. 
That said, the question remains of where to look. It could come from outside American borders, in the form of war. War is perhaps the worst thing that can happen, not only for the destruction it will cause in itself, but because it will immensely exacerbate America's domestic problems. As Bourne famously said, 'War is the health of the State.' Certainly, the US government is actively provoking other governments in a score of places around the world. The next war could be serious, not just a sports war, like those in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
Nick Giambruno: In 2000, the federal government's debt was just over $5 trillion. Now, it's about $20 trillion. It doesn't matter who's in power. The debt continues to grow exponentially. Unless the government makes radical cuts to welfare and the military'”which won't happen no matter who is elected'”it will grow indefinitely. 
If Americans are destined to be indebted serfs no matter who's in power, do the elections even matter? 
Doug Casey: If the economy goes off of the deep end over the next year'”and I think it will'”the US government is going to be running much bigger deficits. Spending is going to go up for welfare. Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security'”that's already about two-thirds of the US government's budget. Military spending is also going up. All that is going to go up, regardless of who wins the election on November 8. 
We could easily see a trillion dollar deficit, perhaps much more. Now, where are they going to get all that money? The Chinese aren't going to lend it to the US anymore. They're basically going to finance the deficit by selling the debt to the Federal Reserve. And that means creating more currency units out of thin air. 
But, on the other hand, the average guy'”and for that matter, most businesses'”aren't borrowing money now. They're too afraid. They don't want to be in debt. The question is: As this comes to a real climax, are we going to have something resembling a runaway inflation in the dollar? Or are we going to have a massive credit collapse, which could be caused by defaults on bonds, house mortgages, student loans, or auto loans? I'm not sure which is going to happen. I mean, you buy a car now in the US, it costs you what a house did a couple generations ago. It all floats on a sea of debt. I'm just betting on financial chaos. That is the safe bet. 
No matter which way this election goes, it's going to be ugly. 
Both candidates, Trump and Clinton, are disastrous. To me, it's a sign of how degraded the US has become. About a year ago, they gave us a choice between Hillary, the wife of a previous president, pretty much playing the role of Argentina's Evita, Juan Peron's brassy wife. And Jeb Bush, the brother of one previous president and the son of another. The US has gone so far downhill that we can only choose which family dynasty we prefer to rule. If only a Kennedy, a Roosevelt, or a Rockefeller could be thrown into the mix as well'¦ Maybe next time. Although I think we're due for a general or two. 
Elections are, quite frankly, meaningless. These two corrupt parties, the Republicrats, and the Demopublicans, run by political hacks and funded by interest groups, simply appoint the people that they want and then present the American people with the illusion of a choice. The people who run these parties have become increasingly bold and arrogant. They're absolutely horrible creatures, the same types that used to thrive in the Soviet Union. Americans should be ashamed of themselves for treating them with any respect at all. 
However, if forced to choose between the two candidates, I would definitely go for Trump, simply because he's something of an outsider. The media, Hollywood, academia, and the Establishment hate him. And I believe he hates them. If elected, he will likely overturn a lot of apple carts in Washington and break a lot of rice bowls of people who live off the Deep State. That would be an excellent thing. It's also possible he would retract most of Obama's Executive Orders, and fire a bunch of supernumeraries. But he might replace them with a bunch of his own. 
However, it's clear Trump has all kinds of dangerous authoritarian tendencies'”don't forget his endorsement of torture and the killing of families of accused terrorists as a policy. He also has all kinds of really silly and destructive economic notions'”he appears to think he can cut 'deals' with foreign governments. That has nothing to do with the concept of free trade. He's threatened punitive tariffs, something that would immensely aggravate The Greater Depression. Worse, since as a businessman he's associated with the free market'”unfortunately, and incorrectly'”capitalism will wind up being blamed for this depression as well as a result. 
Incidentally, I believe'”as I have for over a year'”that Trump is going to win. Why? It's not just the immense enthusiasm of his supporters, as opposed to the lukewarm support that Hillary gets. It's that Bernie Sanders was the other 'protest' candidate in this election. His numerous and enthusiastic supporters believe'”correctly'”that Hillary and the Democratic machine stole the nomination from him. They're genuinely pissed off. I believe only the most oblivious ones will vote for Hillary. A few might be mad enough to want to burn the house down by voting for Trump. 
I haven't heard anyone talking about the absence of the Bernie-istas. I don't keep my finger on the pulse of the hoi polloi . But, if I'm right, it will result in a landslide for Trump. 
Unfortunately, Trump is no libertarian'”but neither is the dim-bulb candidate of the Libertarian Party. That said Trump is a lot better than Hillary'”this is no time for a corrupt, hostile, elderly, debilitated, mildly demented Statist to become president. So, sure, I'd prefer Trump. 
Am I going to vote for him? I don't believe in being complicit in a criminal act, so I don't vote. 
Nick Giambruno: Please elaborate'¦ 
Doug Casey: There are at least five reasons not to vote: Voting in a political election is unethical. The political process is one of institutionalized coercion and force. If you disapprove of those things, then you shouldn't participate in them, even indirectly. Voting compromises your privacy. It gets your name in yet another government computer database. Voting, as well as registering, entails hanging around government offices and dealing with petty bureaucrats. Most people can find something more enjoyable or productive to do with their time. Voting encourages politicians. A vote against one candidate'”a major, and quite understandable, the reason why most people vote'”is always interpreted as a vote for his opponent. And even though you may be voting for the lesser of two evils, the lesser of two evils is still evil. It amounts to giving the candidate a tacit mandate to impose his will on society. Your vote doesn't count. Politicians like to say it counts because it is to their advantage to get everyone into a busybody mode. But, statistically, one vote in scores of millions makes no more difference than a single grain of sand on a beach. That's entirely apart from the fact that officials manifestly do what they want, not what you want, once they are in office. 
Nick Giambruno: What about voting for the Libertarian Party? 
Doug Casey: The Libertarian Party once had a claim to being the party of principle, back in the days when people like John Hospers, Harry Browne, and Ron Paul were their candidates. Then they for some reason put forward the empty suit Bob Barr, an ex-Congressman. 
It appears that the Libertarian Party has been captured by the Republicans, which is surprisingly clever on the Republicans' part. Now they have two parties that are registered in all 50 states. It's kind of a backup system to the regular Republican Party. They'll need a backup since the old GOP is a dead duck. 
Regarding Gary Johnson, I don't know what his philosophical beliefs, if any, are. I suspect neither, does he. The only thing we really know is that he wants to see pot legalized on a national scale. Well, bravo. I'm all for that, even though I'm not a toker. It's a step in the right direction toward dismantling the insane War on Some Drugs. But does he have any other libertarian tendencies? He doesn't seem to even have a grasp of the basic principles'¦ although he seems better than the average politician. But that's not saying much. 
I'm especially concerned about his running mate, William Weld, who's an actual neocon. He's an overt statist, an active promoter of warfare, welfare, taxes and regulations. He has no libertarian tendencies at all that I'm aware of. He's a pure Deep State guy. 
One thing you've got to say about the Democratic Party is that, while their ideas are destructive and evil, at least they're honest about them. Democrats make no bones about being the party of socialism, and they naturally attract the envy-driven, the class warriors, the politically correct, the cultural Marxists, the race baiters, the gender Nazis, and the like. The Democratic Party is beyond redemption. It needs to be flushed. It has zero redeeming value. 
The Republicans attract a different group. Religious people. Cultural traditionalists. People who generally favor what they think is the free market. They tend to be much more nationalistic and pro-military than the Democrats. But, unlike the Dems, the Reps have no real philosophical foundation. They're basically just non-Democrats'¦ 
The Democrats can be viewed as the evil party and the Republicans as the stupid party. But they're really just two sides of the same coin, at least when it comes to their leadership'”who are all Deep State members. 
The Libertarians must now be viewed, at best, as the smart wing of the stupid party. It's a sad testimony to the nature of politics'¦ 
The situation has actually gotten out of control, and the government is so big and so powerful at this point that it can't be reversed. Even if Ron Paul were elected, it wouldn't do any good. 
The first thing that would happen is that he would be sat down with a bunch of generals and heads of Praetorian agencies, like the FBI, the NSA and the CIA, who would inform him'”politely, but firmly'”how things really work. If he didn't play by their rules, his life would be at risk. And if for some reason he dodged those bullets, he would be impeached by Congress before he had the chance to actually change anything. And if for some reason that didn't work, the average American would be out in the street rioting, because his doggy dish was going to be broken. Don't forget, almost 50% of Americans are net recipients of government benefits. 
I'm afraid that when the looming crisis blows up, the American people'” Boobus Americanus as H. L. Mencken said'”is going to clamor for somebody to kiss it all and make it better. We could very well wind up with some type of a military dictatorship. 
Nick Giambruno: I agree, Doug. I also do not vote. And there are far more powerful ways to vote anyway. 
You can vote with your money by swapping fiat currency stored in a fractional reserve banking system (like the US dollar) for physical gold and silver. 
You can also vote with your feet by leaving the country. 
Instead of voting for a politician, which only creates the illusion of making a difference, those two steps can actually make a positive change in your life. 
What's your take? 
Doug Casey: I agree. The thing is that all of our ancestors'”all of us who are Americans'”came from foreign countries. Everybody came to America because they wanted to get away from being turned into slaves in their home countries. The problem is that the US government is going in the same direction as those governments that our ancestors ran away from. Now we have to go someplace else ourselves. We have to find a new America. 
I'm very pleased that I can watch all this nonsense on a widescreen in a coffee shop in Argentina and not be very adversely affected by it. Argentina, incidentally, is now going the right way from many points of view. 
It's dangerous to stay rooted in one place when the natives get restless. Ask Russians in the 20's, Germans in the 30's, any European in the 40's, Chinese in the 50's, Cubans in the 60's, Vietnamese in the 70's, Rhodesians in the 80's'”or Venezuelans today. And that's just an incomplete list off the top of my head. It's especially risky if you have some assets during real economic upset, or ideas that aren't mainstream when there's real political turbulence. 
Nick Giambruno: Most Americans are effectively stuck in the US. So, looking at these disturbing socio-political trends, what else could happen? 
Doug Casey: It's amazing, and disturbing, that most of the young people in the US support Bernie, an avowed socialist, whose ideas are, if anything, worse than Hillary's. But it just shows how unhappy young people are with the status quo. Justifiably unhappy. 
Bernie and Trump hit the same nerve'”they sensed that we're on the edge of a revolution in this country. We really are. The situation is not unlike that before the War Between the States, very unstable. 
Both sides are extremely antagonistic. People either hate Trump or they hate Hillary. It doesn't matter who wins; the other side is going to be very, very unhappy. And with tensions already running high in the country, and racial, cultural and social clashes in the background, it almost feels like a civil war is in the cards for the US. 
Of course, it seemed like we could have had a civil war back in the late 60's and early 70's when there were not just a few, but thousands of bombings. Not just little riots, like in Ferguson and Baltimore, but conflagrations like in Watts, DC, and Detroit, where the National Guard was raking the ghetto with .50 cals. 
But the country's prosperity was still increasing in those days. Now we're on the cusp of The Greater Depression. Things could get ugly. 
Contrary to what most believe, the US hasn't had a real civil war yet. The unpleasantness of 1861'“65 was actually a war of secession. A civil war is one where two or more groups are vying for the control of the same government, as in Spain during the 30's, between the fascists and the communists. 
But this time in the US it could turn into a real civil war. I don't know what form it would take, but a lot of things could be really tough going: economically, financially, politically, socially, militarily. Most important, there's a cultural divide that's arisen in the US. 
I don't think most people are even aware of what is going on. When you walk outside, the sun is shining. Children are still playing. You can go down to the Wal-Mart and buy cheap goods. Everything looks pretty good on the surface, despite the fact everyone's credit card is maxed out. But I think it's all a hologram that's about to be exposed. So, hold on to your hat.

ARTICLE

Juror explanation for Ammon Bundy verdict 11/03/2016 OREGONLIVE Juror 4 has so far provided the only public explanation of the behind-the-scenes discussions that led to t ... Doug Casey: A Civil War Could Be in the Cards After the Election 11/03/2016 LEW ROCKWELL (Source: The 2nd American Civil War by Richard Hubal, via MN Artists) Nick Giambruno: The US preside ... Putin grants Steven Seagal Russian citizenship 11/03/2016 DAILY MAIL President Vladimir Putin signed off Thursday on a decree granting Russian citizenship to American action her ... AMTV Archives

ARTICLE

MSM Caught Preparing Hillary Victory Results Prior to Election 11/03/2016 
In today's video, Christopher Greene of AMTV reports the Mainstream media caught preparing Hillary Clinton election results prior to November 8. Juror explanation for Ammon Bundy verdict 11/03/2016 OREGONLIVE Juror 4 has so far provided the only public explanation of the behind-the-scenes discussions that led to t ... Doug Casey: A Civil War Could Be in the Cards After the Election 11/03/2016 LEW ROCKWELL (Source: The 2nd American Civil War by Richard Hubal, via MN Artists) Nick Giambruno: The US preside ... Putin grants Steven Seagal Russian citizenship 11/03/2016 DAILY MAIL President Vladimir Putin signed off Thursday on a decree granting Russian citizenship to American action her ... AMTV Archives

ARTICLE

Julian Assange to Speak Prerecorded RT Interview (11/5/16) 11/03/2016 
In today's video, Christopher Greene of AMTV reports on a prerecorded Julian Assange interview to be aired prior to the U.S. Election on Saturday November 5, 2016. Start Your FREE 14-day trial! Juror explanation for Ammon Bundy verdict 11/03/2016 OREGONLIVE Juror 4 has so far provided the only public explanation of the behind-the-scenes discussions that led to t ... Doug Casey: A Civil War Could Be in the Cards After the Election 11/03/2016 LEW ROCKWELL (Source: The 2nd American Civil War by Richard Hubal, via MN Artists) Nick Giambruno: The US preside ... Putin grants Steven Seagal Russian citizenship 11/03/2016 DAILY MAIL President Vladimir Putin signed off Thursday on a decree granting Russian citizenship to American action her ... AMTV Archives

ARTICLE

Analyst: Most Americans like neither Candidate 11/04/2016 
PRESS TV US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's unpopularity among American voters has reached a new high, according to recent polls, putting her on par with her Republican rival Donald Trump. 
According to the final pre-election New York Times/CBS News Poll released on Thursday, an overwhelming majority of American voters are disgusted by the state of US politics, and most view Trump and Clinton as dishonest. 
More than 80 percent of voters say the presidential campaign has left them repulsed rather than excited, the poll found. 
'Having the two most hated politicians running for president of the US representing the two largest political parties has made a mockery of our democracy and electoral process,' Hoenig told Press TV on Friday. 
'Hillary Clinton lied and stole her way to the nomination for the Democrats and Trump bullied his way by insulting every interest group in America, including his fellow Republican opponents,' he added. 
'For the third parties we have Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party, who has been made a laughing stock for his ignorance of foreign policy. His poll numbers are dropping. The other 3rd party candidate is Jill Stein of the Green Party who is seeing an actual rise in her numbers in spite of lies and smears coming from mostly the Democrats, with assistance from the main stream media,' he said. 
'That the race is tightening is no surprise. It often happens at this time but the reasons now are not because people are becoming more assured of who they want but more and more disgusted in the choices they have,' he stated. 
'Regardless of who wins, and it's most probable that it'll be either Clinton or Trump, this country's nightmare will only begin on Jan 21st, the day after the inauguration. If it's Clinton one wouldn't be surprised if the ink on the articles of impeachment isn't already dried. By then, it's possible that criminal charges will have been presented to her or that she had received by then a presidential pardon from the outgoing President Obama,' the analyst noted. 
'President Ford once said, when he was a leader in the House of Representatives, that impeachment is for whatever the Congress wants it to be. Simply the whiff of impropriety or criminal behavior would make any partisan congressman see that as reason enough for such an article of impeachment. Compound that with an actual indictment and it's guaranteed,' he said. 
The commentator said, 'Trump has a different set of problems if he were to be inaugurated in January. His positions are so outlandish that even his own party, which by and large has rejected him, would pounce on anything he does that would jeopardize their chances as a party and individually in the next off-year elections of 2018.' 
'We have to look inward as to what kind of nation we are that we have degenerated to the point where a majority of Americans want neither candidate to win,' he said in his concluding remarks.

ARTICLE

Crack in Earth's magnetic shield detected 11/04/2016 
DNA INDIA 
The world's largest and most sensitive cosmic ray monitor, located in India, has recorded a burst of galactic cosmic rays that indicates a crack in the Earth's magnetic shield, according to scientists. 
The burst occurred when a giant cloud of plasma ejected from the solar corona struck Earth at a very high speed causing massive compression of the Earth's magnetosphere and triggering a severe geomagnetic storm. 
The GRAPES-3 muon telescope located at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research's Cosmic Ray Laboratory in Ooty in Tamil Nadu recorded a burst of galactic cosmic rays of about 20 GeV last year lasting for two hours. 
The burst occurred when a giant cloud of plasma ejected from the solar corona, and moving with a speed of about 2.5 million kilometres per hour struck our planet, causing a severe compression of Earth's magnetosphere from 11 to 4 times the radius of Earth. 
It triggered a severe geomagnetic storm that generated aurora borealis and radio signal blackouts in many high latitude countries, according to the study published in the journal Physical Review Letters this week. 
Earth's magnetosphere extends over a radius of a million kilometres, which acts as the first line of defence, shielding us from the continuous flow of solar and galactic cosmic rays, thus protecting life on our planet from these high intensity energetic radiations. 
Numerical simulations performed by the GRAPES-3 researchers, including Pravata K Mohanty, indicate that the Earth's magnetic shield temporarily cracked due to the occurrence of magnetic reconnection, allowing the lower energy galactic cosmic ray particles to enter our atmosphere. 
Earth's magnetic field bent these particles about 180 degree, from the day-side to the night-side of the Earth where it was detected as a burst by the GRAPES-3 muon telescope around mid-night on 22 June 2015. 
The data was analysed and interpreted through extensive simulation over several weeks by using the 1280-core computing farm that was built in-house by the GRAPES-3 team of physicists and engineers at the Cosmic Ray Laboratory in Ooty. 
Solar storms can cause major disruption to human civilisation by crippling large electrical power grids, global positioning systems (GPS), satellite operations and communications.

ARTICLE

Feds warn NYC officials about possible al Qaeda attack 11/04/2016 
NEW YORK POST 
New York City law enforcement authorities are on high alert after receiving a warning by the feds about a possible attack by al Qaeda on the eve of Election Day, sources said. 
US intelligence officials alerted joint terrorism task forces of the threat, which also included Texas and Virginia '” though specific sites targeted for Monday in the three states were not mentioned, a federal source told The Post. 
Mayor Bill de Blasio said Friday he had learned of the threat several days ago during classified briefings. 
'We are still very much assessing the credibility. It is not at all clear how credible this is,' de Blasio told WNYC's Brian Lehrer on his weekly radio show. 'We're certainly in a vigilant position.' 
Hizzoner said the NYPD is planning an 'extraordinary' police presence for Tuesday, when Americans go to the polls. 
'For the first time in memory there will be two presidential campaigns having their victory celebrations in New York City on Tuesday night,' he said, quickly correcting himself that only one candidate will be celebrating. 
Donald Trump, the Republican nominee, will be at the New York Hilton Midtown on Sixth Avenue, while Hillary Clinton, his Democratic counterpart, will be at the Javits Convention Center across town on 11th Avenue. 
Police also will be heavily deployed for the New York City Marathon on Sunday, de Blasio said. 
Meanwhile, Gov. Andrew Cuomo declined to confirm the threat Friday but also noted the high state of alert for Election Day. 
'We have more state police, more National Guard, more soldiers on duty than ever before,' he said. 'So the bad news is New York is often a threat. The good news is we've been dealing with this now for over a decade and we have prepared for it.' 
The NYPD and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said they had been alerted to the possible attacks. 
'We are aware of the information. We have been working with the FBI through the Joint Terrorism Task Force and our Counterterrorism and Intelligence Bureaus,' the NYPD said in a statement. 
'We continue to encourage anyone with any information that could be relevant to the safety of our city to contact law enforcement,' the department said. 
The Port Authority '” which operates airports, tunnels and bridges in and around the Big Apple '” said it too was prepared. 
'We are continuing the high level of security we have had in place at all of our facilities for many months,' spokesman Steve Coleman told The Post. 
The FBI did not comment specifically about the threat against the three states, but said counterterrorism and Homeland Security authorities 'remain vigilant and well-postured' to handle attacks. 
'The FBI, working with our federal, state and local counterparts, shares and assesses intelligence on a daily basis and will continue to work closely with law enforcement and intelligence community partners to identify and disrupt any potential threat to public safety,' an FBI official said. 
Friday's threat followed a report by NBC News that the US government believes hackers from Russia or other countries may try to unleash cyberattacks to wreak havoc ahead of Election Day. 
An effort coordinated by the White House and the Department of Homeland Security '” and including the CIA, the National Security Agency and other elements of the Department of Defense '” is being conducted to avert attacks, NBC News reported.

ARTICLE

Bill Clinton and Hillary Lolita Express Pedophilia Ring 11/04/2016 In today's video, Christopher Greene of AMTV breaks down the connection between convicted felon Jefferey Epstein 'known pedophile' and the Clinton's. Will this be the next shoe to drop in the Wikileaks Podesta dump? Will find out this weekend in an Exclusive RT interview with the man himself Julian Assange. Analyst: Most Americans like neither Candidate 11/04/2016 PRESS TV US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's unpopularity among American voters has reached a new h ... Crack in Earth's magnetic shield detected 11/04/2016 DNA INDIA The world's largest and most sensitive cosmic ray monitor, located in India, has recorded a burst of galact ... Feds warn NYC officials about possible al Qaeda attack 11/04/2016 NEW YORK POST New York City law enforcement authorities are on high alert after receiving a warning by the feds about ... AMTV Archives

ARTICLE

The man behind the Trump rally disturbance in Reno 11/06/2016 
USA TODAY 
The man who caused a commotion at a Donald Trump rally Saturday said he's a registered Republican who wanted only to show his displeasure with his party's nominee. 
Members of the audience at the event for the GOP presidential nominee tackled Austyn Crites, 33, of Reno after someone yelled 'gun' while others were trying to rip away his anti-Trump sign. 
'I just went with sign that said 'Republicans Against Trump,' ' Crites said. 'It's a sign that you can find online. I held up the sign and initially people around me were just booing me telling me to get out of there. Then a couple of these guys tried grabbing the sign out of my hands.' 
Crites had no weapon. Secret Service agents later released a statement to that effect and let him go without charges. 
Agents whisked Trump offstage because Crites was near the front of the auditorium at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center. 
Crites said he holds no ill will toward the Secret Service or Reno police, who were just doing their job. 
'I was trying to get the Secret Service's attention for them to respond,' said Michael Newton, 45, of Santa Rosa, Calif., who helped restrain Crites. 'They didn't respond. I thought I had to do something. I put my knee on what I think was his head, so I'm not really sure. There were five guys on him and he was moving. I tried to help them immobilize him.' In final Colorado push, Trump urges supporters to hand-deliver ballots 
Newton said he felt as if Crites were the aggressor. 
'I saw his hand contact someone's face,' he said. 'Maybe two people.' 
Crites said he didn't strike anyone, but after he was taken to the ground, he felt as if he were being mobbed. 
'Multiple people just tackled me down, kicking me choking me and just beating me up,' he said. 'That's when things even got crazier. I was on the ground and people were holding my arms, legs and I kept saying I can barely breathe. I was turning my neck just to get a little bit of air to keep from passing out.' 
That's when police intervened, taking Crites away in handcuffs. 
Newton's partner, Donald Newton, 47, of Santa Rosa took video of the immediate aftermath. 
The Secret Service said its investigation is ongoing. The agency uses magnetometers at presidential campaign sites, making it difficult for weapons to be smuggled into events. 
What's baffling to Crites is how anyone could have thought he had a gun. His sign was in the air for some time and he wasn't making any sudden movements, he said. 
'It wasn't like they noticed something suspicious and tackled me,' Crites said. 'That's not the case.' 
He said he backs some GOP candidates and just wanted to voice frustration with Trump, not cause panic. 
'I love all the people in that rally,' he said. 'We're all fellow Americans. They're doing their patriotic duty. They support their candidate. I'm just there showing that I'm a Republican. I'm all of your people's brother. I just have a slight difference of opinion.' 
Later on Facebook, Crites wrote that he has no connection with the campaign of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton but has canvassed for her for about three hours, contributed to her campaign and voted for her. 
'Take what happened to me tonight as a classic example of dictator incitement of violence '” against your own Republican brother with a stupid sign,' he wrote. The post and his entire account were taken down soon afterward as some Trump supporters on social media called him a 'Clinton thug,''Hillary shill' and 'Trump assassin.' 
Shortly after the incident at the rally, Trump returned to the stage to raucous applause, thanking the Secret Service and launching back into his prepared remarks. His campaign later issued a statement also thanking the Secret Service and his supporters. 
Follow Seth A. Richardson on Twitter: @SethARichardson

ARTICLE

US Military Hackers Claim Penetration of Russia 11/07/2016 
SPUTNIK NEWS 
US military hackers have penetrated Russia's electric grid, telecommunications networks and Kremlin's command systems, making them vulnerable to attack by secret American cyber weapons, according to a series of reports by a major US television network. 
NBC News disclosed the penetration in a series of reports, explaining that US efforts parallel claims, also by US officials, that Russia, China and other nations have placed hidden malware on parts of US critical infrastructure. 
The penetration by all sides appears to be in preparation for an all-out war in cyberspace, according to NBC News, which said it was briefed by a US intelligence official and given an opportunity to review highly classified documents. 
At the same time, the network downplayed the prospect of a cyber war, making it appear as if the leak was intended as a warning to US adversaries. 
NBC News then attempted to link its explosive report to Tuesday's US presidential election, citing concerns of mischief by Russian hackers that would fall far short of the Armageddon-like scenario that the report implied. 
Instead, the network explained US election-related concerns as 'cyber mischief,' which could involve releasing fake documents or creating bogus social media accounts to spread misinformation. 
The Obama administration has created a public, but unconfirmed narrative, that hackers controlled by the Russian government have stolen emails from the Democratic Party headquarters, a private computer used by presidential candidate Hillary Clinton while serving as secretary of State and computers used by Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta. 
According to the narrative, Russia stole the emails and gave the messages to WikiLeaks, which has flooded the internet with the material on a daily basis leading up to Tuesday's election. 
Russia has denied any responsibility for the Clinton-related hacks and links between WikiLeaks and Russian intelligence have never been substantiated. 
Moreover, recent media reports in the United States indicate that Clinton's private server she used for official business during her tenure as secretary of state had been penetrated by at least five foreign intelligence services. 
The emails have proved especially embarrassing for the Clinton campaign by disclosing decisions in the Clinton State Department that favored large donors to the Clinton Foundation in what appear to be 'pay-for-play' schemes of selling access and influence. 
Moreover, the activity appears to coincide with lucrative speaking engagements for former President Bill Clinton.

ARTICLE

Is America On The Brink Of Civil War? 11/07/2016 
PJ MEDIA 
Valerie Jarrett'”Barack Obama's closest consigliere who has lived in the lap of luxury in and out of the White House'”is calling for James Comey's head because the FBI director reopened the matter of Hillary Clinton's emails only days before the election. 
As we all know, Comey did this after some 650,000 digital missives, many from Clinton's server, were discovered on Anthony Weiner's laptop by the NYPD. 
Obama, however, is a bit uneasy about Jarrett's hawkishness toward Comey. 
'Valerie argued that Comey was interfering deliberately in the election process and had to be stopped,' a source told The New York Post . The same source said Obama, though, is 'worried about the consequences of taking such an action '“ the tsunami of outrage that would come his way, and possibly become a major footnote, or worse, in the history of the presidency.' 
Ah, those legacy problems, not that the president has much of one outside the comically named Affordable Care Act, which is about as popular as stomach cancer. 
Nevertheless, he's right about the tsunami of outrage. In fact it's an understatement. The bad news is this: As miserable as this endless election season has been, the aftermath is likely to be far worse. You don't have to be Nostradamus to see that putting the American Humpty Dumpty together again is going to be a herculean task. Our country could be permanently fractured in ways few of us would have anticipated even a year ago. Anything is possible now. 
If Hillary Clinton is elected, the very next day millions of Americans will be watching to see what will happen with the FBI and the Justice Department. Since we can now assume this will be a close election, that would be nearly half the voters in this country, sixty to seventy million people, almost all of whom believe Clinton, the woman a few weeks from inauguration as president, should have been charged with serious crimes and belonged behind bars, not in the White House. 
Moreover, many have seen the WikiLeaks that reek of collusion between the Clintonistas and officials at the FBI and Justice, not to mention with virtually all the mainstream media outlets that were distrusted to begin with and are now reviled. 
If that's not an explosive situation, what is? And we don't know what Assange et al have in store for us after the election. Just now we learned that the Clinton Foundation accepted'”while Her Ladyship was secretary of State and in honor of Bill's birthday'”an unreported one million dollar donation from that paragon of women's and gay rights, Qatar. This is chump change in the grand Clinton scheme of things, but another reminder of their unending greed and corruption. More importantly, as Tyler Durden points out, this time there should be legal consequences for the foundation'”or would be normally in a country governed by the rule of law. 
Only we're not anymore. 
This and a thousand other things put Obama, quite possibly liable himself from the email disclosures, and his attorney general Lynch behind a treacherous eight ball going forward, because they are not dealing with a few thousand disgruntled people, but those many millions. If they were to go ahead with Jarrett's suggestion, take Comey's head (i. e. fire him) and replace him with a yet more complaisant successor, who knows what would happen? 
But if they don't, and even if they do, the investigation may reveal things so shocking the nation will never be the same. Rumors have been flying that are so extreme that even a ten percent accuracy rate could ignite a firestorm. 
The problem for all of us is that there is literally nothing Clinton can do to get out of this box, even if, as many predict, Obama pardons her. The corruption is so pervasive there is no way short of an actual military putsch to stop the continuing revelations. And such an action would itself unleash '¦ well, you know the title of this article. 
Would a Trump victory save us from all this? No one knows. Dennis Prager perhaps put it best. When you have two doors and behind one is a man-eating lion and the other one may or may not have such a lion, which door do you choose? Unless you want to commit suicide, the answer is self-evident.

ARTICLE

Trump breaks from stump speech to admire 'beautiful' Trump mask 11/07/2016 
POLITICO 
Midway through a stump speech riff lamenting that Hillary Clinton had appeared on stage with less-than-family-friendly musicians like Jay-Z and Beyonce, Donald Trump paused at an election-eve rally in Florida Monday morning to gawk at an attendee's mask. 
'This is different than a Billy Graham crusade, but you know what? We're all looking for the same thing. We're looking for greatness for our country. We're looking for religious liberty,' the Manhattan billionaire said before the rubber Trump mask caught his eye. 'Look at this mask. Look at this mask. Oh wow. Wow, that's beautiful. Look at that. Looks just like me.' 
Trump then left the podium for a few seconds as the mask made its way up to the stage. He returned to the microphone and held up the mask next to his own face, before examining it closer. He held it up once more time and joked 'nice head of hair, I'll say that,' before tossing it back. 
'Is there any place more fun to be than a Trump rally?' has asked the crowd before resuming his remarks, turning to his proposal to stimulate job growth in the U.S. by placing a tariff on companies who move production out of the country. 
The Sarasota, Florida, rally is the first of five for Trump on Monday. From Florida, he will head to events in North Carolina, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire and Michigan. He will be joined at the final two by his running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence.

ARTICLE

Donald Trump kicks off final campaign day with Fla. rally 11/07/2016 
BOSTON GLOBE 

Donald Trump is criticizing the FBI's decision not to criminally charge Hillary Clinton. He says ''now it's up to the American people to deliver justice at the ballot box.'' 
Trump kicked off his Election Day eve blitz with a rally Monday in Florida. He told the Sarasota crowd that ''the system is rigged, but at least we know it.'' 
He claimed that ''our country is a laughing stock all over the world.'' 
The Republican nominee than pantomimed quotation marks when he said the word ''justice'' as he hit the FBI and the Department of Justice for their handling of the case. 
FBI Director James Comey notified Congress Sunday that a review of new emails connected to Clinton's servers did produce evidence that would warrant charges. 
11:45 a.m. 
An ex-aide to former President Bill Clinton alleged in a hacked email that Chelsea Clinton used the family's charitable foundation to help underwrite her 2010 wedding. 
The 2012 exchange between Doug Band and Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta was released by the WikiLeaks organization. Stolen messages have chronicled tensions within the Clinton Foundation between Band and the daughter of the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Band told Podesta that Chelsea Clinton was gossiping to outsiders that she was investigating questionable spending. Band suggested that she is the one who should be scrutinized for ''using foundation resources for her wedding.'' He did not provide details about this. A Clinton Foundation spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. 
Band was later forced out amid issues with his outside consulting firm. 
___ 
11:40 a.m. 
Donald Trump is kicking off his last, breakneck day of campaigning before polls open with a rally in Sarasota, Florida. 
Trump is telling thousands of supporters packed into a local fairgrounds arena Monday that the election is now in their hands. 
He told them: ''Get out there. I mean, I did my thing. I worked.'' 
Trump is planning to continue a frenzied campaign pace, with rallies in five states Monday, including North Carolina, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire and Michigan. 
Trump is also continuing to paint rival Hillary Clinton as a corrupt and alluding to the scrutiny of her use of a private email sever as secretary of state. 
Trump is also having some fun. At one point, he held up a mask in his likeness and complimented its hair. 
___ 
11:30 a.m. 
The White House says it will ''neither defend nor criticize'' FBI Director James Comey's decision to send a new letter to Congress about Hillary Clinton's emails. 
That's the same phrasing the White House used when Comey initially announced that the FBI was looking into more emails related to its investigation of Clinton. In a follow-up letter Sunday, Comey said the FBI review was completed and it was standing by its recommendation that no charges be filed. 
White House spokesman Josh Earnest on Monday told reporters aboard Air Force One that the White House hasn't been briefed on the investigation and didn't receive advance notice about Comey's latest letter. 
Earnest says Obama still has confidence in Comey. 
___ 
10:50 a.m. 
Philadelphia's public transit system will be up and running in time for Election Day now that a weeklong strike has ended. That's a relief to the state's Democrats. 
Democratic city officials were worried that the strike could affect turnout at the polls Tuesday. Pennsylvania does not offer early voting, so Election Day turnout is key. 
The state has favored Democrats in recent presidential elections, but polls suggest the race is tightening. Democrat Hillary Clinton is counting on strong support in the Philadelphia area. Both candidates are campaigning in the state Tuesday. 
The Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority and the union representing roughly 4,700 transit workers announced a tentative agreement early Monday. Subways were soon operating on a reduced schedule and limited trolled serve was restored. 
___ 
10:30 a.m. 
The Justice Department says it will send more than 500 staffers to 28 states on Election Day to monitor the polls. That's a 35 percent reduction from the number four years ago. 
Department officials say personnel will be sent to 67 jurisdictions to watch for potential civil rights violations. Monday's announcement comes amid rising concerns about voter intimidation, particularly aimed at minorities. 
The number of personnel is less than the roughly 780 monitors and observers who were dispatched in 2012. 
The Justice Department has said its poll-watching presence has been curtailed by a 2013 Supreme Court opinion that gutted a key provision of the Voting Rights Act. 
In a statement, Attorney General Loretta Lynch said the department is committed to ensuring that every eligible voter can participate in the election. 
___ 
10:25 a.m. 
Hillary Clinton is departing on a multi-stop swing of the presidential battleground states on the day before the election. She's telling reporters that ''we're just going to work until the last vote is counted.'' 
Clinton said Monday that while she thinks she has ''some work to do to bring the country together,'' she wants to be the president for those who vote for her and those who don't. She was speaking to reporters at an airport outside New York City. 
Clinton said she has ''a big agenda ahead of us'' and is vowing to ''get a lot done'' if she defeats Republican Donald Trump. 
The Democratic presidential nominee was campaigning in Pittsburgh; Grand Rapids, Michigan; Philadelphia and Raleigh, North Carolina. 
___ 
8:55 a.m. 
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says he doesn't know if the George Washington Bridge lane closure controversy cost him the vice presidential nomination. 
Christie said Monday on ''CBS This Morning'' that he was runner-up to be Republican Donald Trump's vice presidential pick. He denied a report that Trump had offered him the job, then rescinded it. He said he thinks Trump thought Indian governor Mike Pence was the better choice. 
Two of Christie's former allies were convicted Friday for their role in re-aligning access lanes to the bridge in a political revenge plot against a Democratic mayor who didn't endorse him. 
Christie says he thinks Trump will defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton Tuesday because the momentum is on his side and the country wants change. 
___ 
8:35 a.m. 
Ohio Democrats want the U.S. Supreme Court to intervene in their voter intimidation lawsuit in the swing state. 
The party has filed an emergency request for the nation's high court to lift a Cincinnati-based federal appeals court order. That ruling Sunday granted the Donald Trump campaign's request to block a federal judge's restraining order Democrats said was needed to prevent voter intimidation. 
A 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals three-judge panel said Ohio Democrats didn't show ''a likelihood of success'' on their case's merits. 
The party told the U.S. Supreme Court the appellate judges ruled without reviewing ''critical evidence'' a lower court judge relied on in ruling that anyone engaging in intimidation or harassment inside or near polling places would face contempt of court charges. 
___ 
7:35 a.m. 
Donald Trump's campaign manager says it's not true that his staff has stopped him from tweeting. 
Trump has exhibited unusual restraint on social media in the final days of the campaign. The New York Times reported on Sunday that aides ''have finally wrested away'' his Twitter account. 
President Barack Obama seized on the report at a voter rally in Florida, telling the crowd that anyone who can't be trusted with a Twitter account shouldn't be trusted with control of the America's nuclear weapons. 
When asked Monday about the Times report by NBC's ''Today Show,'' campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said: ''No, it's not true.'' 
___ 
3:15 a.m. 
With the cloud of an FBI investigation lifted, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump struck strikingly different tones as they moved into the final hours of a volatile, nearly two-year-long presidential campaign. 
After days of attacks on Trump's qualifications and temperament, Clinton cast herself as the candidate of ''healing and reconciliation,'' perhaps a surprising position for one of the most divisive figures in American politics. Trump, meanwhile, voiced new confidence as he brought his campaign â€” and his dark visions of a rigged American economic and political systemâ€” to longtime Democratic strongholds. 
Overshadowing the flurry of last-minute campaigning was FBI Director James Comey's latest letter to Congress, informing lawmakers the bureau had found no evidence in its hurried review of newly discovered emails to warrant criminal charges against Clinton.

ARTICLE

Kremlin: NATO was Created for Agression 11/07/2016 
RUSSIA TODAY Reports of the new reinforcement of NATO troops close to Russia's borders show 'the aggressive character of the organization,' the Kremlin has said, commenting on recently announced preparations to deter an alleged Russian threat. 
The Western military alliance was established ' not for peace-building, but exactly for aggressive actions ,' Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Monday. Despite the fact that blocs which opposed NATO no longer exist, it's impossible to change the alliance's ' aggressive nature ' due to its ideological and political bases. 
Earlier on Monday, the Times published a report suggesting that ' hundreds of thousands of NATO troops will be put on a higher state of alert amid growing tensions with Russia .' According to the British daily '“ which cites the alliance's secretary-general, Jens Stoltenberg, and the UK's outgoing permanent representative to the bloc, Adam Thomson '“ NATO aims to largely speed up the time its troops can be deployed. 
It reportedly aims to have up to 300,000 military personnel from nations across the alliance at the ready, having shortened their response time to about two months, compared to the current 180 days. 
' We are responding with the biggest reinforcement of our collective defense since the end of the Cold War ,' Stoltenberg told the Times . The bloc is looking into how more of its 3 million personnel ' can be ready on a shorter notice ,' he added, saying that NATO defense ministers have already had discussions on the issue. 
Having accused Moscow of ' assertive ' behavior, the NATO chief said Russia had increased its defense spending and was ' developing new military capabilities .' 
' In regard to its national security, Russia acts within its national borders, undoubtedly posing no threat to anyone ,' Peskov said, commenting on Stoltenberg's statements. The way the military bloc has reacted ' once again shows the organization's aggressive nature ,' he added.

ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton in lead a day before Election Day 11/07/2016 
PRESS TV 
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton leads her Republican rival by three percentage points nationally as they head into the final day of a tight race for the White House, according to a new poll. 
The final Bloomberg Politics-Selzer & Co poll released on Monday has Clinton ahead of Trump, 44 percent to 41 percent. 
Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson was at 4 percent and Green Party candidate Jill Stein had 2 percent support. 
Clinton also leads Trump by three points in a hypothetical two-way matchup when third-party candidates are not included. 
Another tracking poll released early on Monday also put Clinton in the lead. 
The former secretary of state held a four-point lead over the billionaire businessman in the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll. The survey showed 47 percent of likely US voters backed Clinton while 43 percent said they supported Trump. 
The Clinton campaign received a late break with FBI Director James Comey announcing Sunday that no criminal charges were forthcoming in the probe of Clinton's newly-found emails. 
'Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July,' the FBI chief wrote in a new letter to congressional committee chairmen. 
The development is a major relief to Clinton, who is spending the final hours of her campaign trying to close Trump's path to presidency. Donald Trump walks off the stage after holding a rally at Loudoun Fairgrounds in Leesburg, Virginia, early in the morning on November 7, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
Comey sent the presidential race into a frenzy last month when he sent a letter to Congress saying the FBI had discovered emails in a separate probe that could be linked to the investigation into Clinton's use of a private server when she was secretary of state. 
The surprise move infuriated Democrats and lifted the presidential hopes of Trump, who has turned the email controversy into a favorite line of attack against Clinton. 
Still, Trump continued to seize on the email issue, insisting that Clinton is 'guilty.' 
'Hillary Clinton is guilty. She knows it, the FBI knows it, the people know,' he said Sunday at a rally in Detroit, Michigan. 'And now it's up to the American people to deliver justice at the ballot box on November 8.' 
Both Clinton and Trump plan to spend the last day of the campaign racing across key battleground states that could determine the results of Tuesday's election. 
Trump will visit Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and New Hampshire and finish the day with a rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan. 
Clinton is travelling to Pennsylvania and Michigan before closing with a midnight-rally in Raleigh, North Carolina.

ARTICLE

Janet Reno, First Female US Attorney General, Dies At 78 11/07/2016 
NPR 
Janet Reno, the first woman to serve as attorney general of the United States, died early Monday from complications of Parkinson's disease. Reno's goddaughter Gabrielle D'Alemberte and sister Margaret Hurchalla confirmed her passing to NPR. 
Reno spent her final days at home in Miami surrounded by family and friends, D'Alemberte told The Associated Press. She was 78. 
Reno served longer in the job than anyone had in 150 years. And her tenure was marked by tragedy and controversy. But she left office widely respected for her independence and accomplishments. 
She was not President Bill Clinton's first choice to head the Justice Department, nor his second. But after his No. 1 pick went down in confirmation flames, and his second choice also proved controversial, Clinton finally turned to Reno. 
She was an unexpected pick. She had no connections to Clinton or Washington. But Clinton wanted a woman, and Reno was a big-time prosecutor, holding the top prosecutor's job in Miami-Dade County, a position she had been elected to four times over 15 years. 
Jamie Gorelick, who would later become deputy attorney general, was assigned to prep Reno for her confirmation hearing. 'She was the least air-brushed candidate we have ever had for a Cabinet-level position,' says Gorelick. 'She was herself, and she didn't change herself for Washington.' 
Reno arrived at the Justice Department knowing no one, and was immediately plunged into the siege at the Branch Davidian compound outside Waco, Texas. Four federal agents had been killed and 16 wounded while serving a warrant to search for illegal guns. Seven weeks into the siege, pressed by the FBI, Reno authorized a raid on the compound, resulting in 76 deaths, including as many as 25 children and the Davidian leader David Koresh, who ordered his followers to set fire to the compound. 
In two sets of Waco congressional hearings over the next two years, Reno would successfully quell critics on the right and left. 
'What haunted me,' Reno explained at one hearing, 'was that if I did not go in, I might be sitting there 10 days [later] '¦ when [Koresh] came out with explosives, blew himself, some agents and the entire place up.' 
Years later, however, in an interview with NPR shortly before leaving office, her regret was palpable. 'We'll never know whether it was a mistake or not, in one sense,' Reno admitted. 'But knowing what I do, I would not do it again. I would try to figure another way.' 
'Waco didn't make her hesitant: It made her insistent about getting her own information,' observes Walter Dellinger, who served in two top Justice Department jobs under Reno. 
Dellinger believes, for instance, that it may have been the Waco experience that led Reno to go personally to Miami in April 2000 to see if there was a way to avoid a forcible removal of 6-year-old Cuban refugee EliÃ¡n GonzÃ¡lez from the home of a great-uncle so the boy could be returned to his only living parent, in Cuba. 
EliÃ¡n had been rescued at sea after his mother and eight others drowned trying to get to the United States. Rescued by fishermen and brought to the U.S., he was soon turned over to his great-uncle. The Cuban community in Miami was in an uproar over the idea of returning the boy to his father, who lived in Cuba, and the furor soon bled over to Congress. 
But when negotiations with the great-uncle failed, armed federal agents, acting on Reno's orders, raided the home, removed EliÃ¡n, and turned him over to his father, who had come to the U.S. to receive his son. When the U.S. Supreme Court refused to intervene, the two returned to their home in Cuba. 
Janet Reno takes the oath as attorney general during a ceremony at the White House on March 12, 1993, while President Bill Clinton watches. 
Barry Thumma/AP 
Over the course of time, Reno would become embroiled in many controversies. She sought the appointment of a series of independent counsels to investigate four fellow Cabinet members and President Clinton himself. But she refused to authorize an independent counsel investigation of contributions to the Clinton-Gore campaign after Justice Department lawyers concluded no crime had been committed by either the president or vice president. 
The decision so infuriated Republicans that some called for her impeachment. 'This is the most politicized Justice Department in the history of the United States,' railed Dan Burton, the Republican chairman of a key House oversight committee. 
At 6 feet 2 inches, however, Reno stood tall in the political crosswinds. Gorelick observes that when members of Congress, like Burton, were unhappy with a government official, they threatened to call that official to testify. But Reno, who had served as a staffer in the Florida state Legislature, always said, 'Fine, I'll be there.' As a result, says Gorelick, 'eventually all those who were threatening her with a hearing stopped doing that, because she prevailed in every outing that I can recall '” she just went in there and laid out her views and bested those who would challenge her.' 
The controversies that the Justice Department faced during Reno's reign often eclipsed the many things that went well: the quick apprehension and successful prosecution of the Oklahoma City bombers, for example; the pursuit of bombers of women's health clinics that provide abortions; and the solving of the so-called Unabomber case. 
After nearly two decades of fruitless pursuit, the FBI still had no idea as to the identity of the man dubbed the Unabomber, who had killed three people and injured 23. Then, in 1995, the bomber sent a letter to The New York Times offering to cease his terror campaign if the Times or the Washington Post would publish his 35,000-word manifesto against modern industry and technology. Neither newspaper was inclined to do that initially, but Reno, the daughter of two newspaper journalists, persuaded the newspaper owners to jointly publish the essay in the interests of public safety. 
It paid off. The Unabomber's brother recognized the style and ideas in the essay and tipped off the FBI, ending the bomber's long reign of terror. Theodore Kaczynski, aka the Unabomber, is now serving a life term in a maximum security federal prison. 
In 1995 Reno was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. She did not slow down, but her hands sometimes shook so hard you could hear them knocking against the table at a congressional hearing. She even joked about the disease, claiming that 'shaking sometimes helps,' as in playing a steel drum or balancing her kayak. 
That combination of toughness and self-deprecating humor, plus her determination to protect the Justice Department from improper influence, made her a hero to many who worked for her. 
'Janet Reno led with her values,' says former Deputy Attorney General Gorelick, the department's No. 2 official. 'And that meant that if she decided that a certain path was the right thing to do, the people around her believed her and would charge up any hill behind her. '¦ I'd never seen that before in quite the same way.' 
Florida gubernatorial candidate and former U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno speaks at the Florida Democratic Party State Conference on April 13, 2002, in Lake Buena Vista, Fla. She lost the Democratic primary. 
Reno won enormous respect inside the department as well, because of her work ethic and dedication to understanding issues in the many parts of the Justice Department '” from national security, to environmental questions, to the generally obscure field of Indian law. 
U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch called her 'one of the most effective, decisive and well-respected-leaders in [the department's] proud history' who 'never shied from criticism or shirked responsibility.' And former Attorney General Eric Holder said that 'in a city where too many compromise their values for short term political gain, Janet Reno stood out as a person of integrity and of enduring values.' 
Former Solicitor General Dellinger believes that Reno was prepared for the attorney general's job early in life by her intellect and ungainly height. 'This is a woman that went to Cornell and Harvard Law School at a time when very few women went to Harvard Law School, went through junior high and high school being twice as tall as anybody else and probably twice as smart '¦ and that's really, really tough.' 
There were, of course, ups and downs in the eight years of Reno's reign. But she said she always took the long view of her job. 
'If the end brings me out right, what people said about me won't make any difference, and if the end brings me out wrong, 10 angels saying I was right won't make any difference,' she said in an interview with NPR in 1997. 
President Clinton made little secret of his frequent displeasure with Reno and the wall of separation she erected between the Justice Department and the White House. Still, he never asked her to resign. Reno was the last Cabinet member he reappointed after his re-election in 1996. 
'It was actually quite wonderful,' said Dellinger. 'She just decided to stay, and it turns out that nobody could fire her.' 
The tension between Clinton and his attorney general was apparent even as Clinton's time in office drew to a close. In an interview with CBS News' 60 Minutes , Clinton went out of his way to praise friends and foes alike, but when it came to his evaluation of Reno, he was tepid, to say the least. 
'Good woman,' he said. 'Tried really hard to do a good job. She's a good person.' 
'At least he didn't say I was a bad person,' replied Reno, with a laugh. 'I'll take what I can get!' 
Indeed, by the end of her tenure, Janet Reno had outlasted her critics and earned such a reputation for integrity and independence that comedian Will Ferrell's parody of her became one of the iconic skits on NBC's Saturday Night Live . The recurring skit was inspired by reports that Reno had cut quite a figure dancing at a Justice Department party. 
On the last episode of the 'Janet Reno's Dance Party' parody, Ferrell, wearing a blue dress and pearls, reminisces about past glories and laments that the end of the party is near. Then, suddenly, the real Janet Reno comes crashing through the wall of the set, wearing the same blue dress and pearls as Ferrell, to deliver one of Ferrell's signature lines: 'It's Reno Time!' 
'Oh, Janet,' he says to the real Reno, as he mourns the end of the skit's run, 'what do you do when you get sad?' 
'I just dance,' Reno replies, commanding the orchestra, 'Now, hit it!' as she breaks out her best moves to 'Twist and Shout.' It was her last day in office.

ARTICLE

5.0 Quake Near Oklahoma Oil Hub Causes Substantial Damage 11/07/2016 
CBS 
A magnitude 5.0 earthquake centered near one of the world's key oil hubs brought down building facades and shattered windows in a central Oklahoma city, rendering century-old buildings unsafe and raising concerns about key infrastructure. 
As the sun rose Monday, television news footage showed widespread, substantial damage to buildings, with piles of bricks and other debris littering the ground following the earthquake the previous evening. Cushing Assistant City Manager Jeremy Frazier told a news conference late Sunday that a few minor injuries had been reported. He said the damage appeared to be contained downtown. 
Oklahoma has had thousands of earthquakes in recent years, with nearly all traced to the underground injection of wastewater left over from oil and gas production. Sunday's quake was centered 1 mile west of Cushing and about 25 miles south of where a magnitude 4.3 quake forced a shutdown of several wells last week. 
Fearing aftershocks, police cordoned off older parts of the city to keep gawkers away late Sunday, and geologists confirmed that several small quakes have rumbled the area. Frazier said an assisted living community had been evacuated after damage was reported. The Cushing Public School District canceled Monday classes. 
'Stay out of the area,' said City Manager Steve Spears, who noted that while some damage was superficial, compromised foundations and other potential problems would be difficult to assess until daylight in the city of 7,900 about 50 miles northeast of Oklahoma City. 
The Oklahoma Department of Transportation reported Sunday night that no highway or bridge damage was found within a 15-mile radius of the earthquake's epicenter. 
The quake struck at 7:44 p.m. Sunday and was felt as far away as Iowa, Illinois and Texas. The U.S. Geological Survey initially said Sunday's quake was of magnitude 5.3 but later lowered the reading to 5.0. 
'I thought my whole trailer was going to tip over, it was shaking it so bad,' said Cushing resident Cindy Roe, 50. 'It was loud and all the lights went out and you could hear things falling on the ground. 
'It was awful and I don't want to have another one.' 
Cushing's oil storage terminal is one of the world's largest. As of Oct. 28, tank farms in the countryside around Cushing held 58.5 million barrels of crude oil, according to data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration. The community bills itself as the 'Pipeline Crossroads of the World.' 
Frazier said two pipeline companies had reported no trouble as of late Sunday but that the community hadn't heard from all companies. Gov. Mary Fallin tweeted that no damage was reported at the storage tanks at Cushing's oil storage terminal 
Megan Gustafson and Jonathan Gillespie were working at a Cushing McDonald's when the quake hit. 
'It felt like a train was going right through the building, actually,' Gustafson, 17, said Sunday night as she and her co-workers stood behind a police barricade downtown, looking for damage. 'I kind of freaked out and was hyperventilating a bit.' 
Gillespie said the building shook for about 10 seconds, but that he wasn't as alarmed as Gustafson because he lives in an area that has experienced multiple earthquakes, especially in recent years. 
'I didn't think it was anything new,' he said. 
According to USGS data, there have been about two dozen earthquakes in Oklahoma in the past week. When particularly strong quakes hit, the Oklahoma Corporation Commission directs well operators to cease wastewater injections or reduce volume. 
A 5.8 earthquake '” a record for Oklahoma '” hit Pawnee on Sept. 3. Shortly afterward, geologists speculated on whether the temblor occurred on a previously unknown fault. 
'I was at home doing some work in my office and, basically, you could feel the whole house sway some,' Spears, the Cushing city manager, said Sunday night. 'It's beginning to become normal.'

ARTICLE

Las Vegas May Become the New Amsterdam 11/07/2016 
HIGH TIMES 
Nevada already has legal brothels, round-the-clock casinos and a coy catchphrase declaring that 'what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.' If voters approve, the state could soon add another vice in the form of recreational marijuana. 
A proposal on the Nov. 8 state ballot would legalize pot, and entrepreneurs hope its passage could someday allow the drug at Las Vegas' glamorous nightclubs and perhaps provide the framework for a future Amsterdam-style cannabis district. 
'I really think this would be the third-largest market in the country,' said Derek Peterson, whose company operates medical marijuana dispensaries called Blum. He predicts that only California and New York would offer a bigger customer base than Las Vegas and its 42 million tourists a year. 'I think it should be able to fit in really well with the whole dayclub/nightclub thing.' 
Nevada has allowed medical marijuana since 2000, and Peterson sees recreational pot as an alternative for visitors tired of cocktails that can top $15 apiece and inflict hangovers. But before waitresses begin delivering high-grade marijuana at clubs along the Las Vegas Strip, weed proponents will have to win over not just voters, who narrowly support the initiative in polls, but a risk-averse casino industry. 
The Nevada Resort Association came out against the measure, pointing to an opinion from gambling regulators that casino owners should avoid the marijuana industry because the substance remains illegal under federal law. Las Vegas Sands owner Sheldon Adelson has bankrolled most of the opposition, pouring $2 million of his fortune into a campaign that raises the possibility that small children could become intoxicated from candy-like marijuana edibles. 
Adelson also has contributed $1.5 million in Arizona and Massachusetts, a significant share of all anti-marijuana donations there. 
Adelson, whose son died of a drug overdose and whose wife is a doctor specializing in drug addiction, has donated millions toward efforts to defeat medical marijuana proposals in Florida and other states in years past. 
Other casino operators have joined the fray, but to a lesser extent. 
In spite of its libertine reputation, the rigorously regulated casino industry is known to err on the conservative side to avoid scandalizing the middle-aged tourists who are its bread and butter. 
'I don't know that this is a game changer in terms of tourism,' Virginia Valentine, president of the Nevada Resort Association, said of marijuana's potential. 'We're really known for other things. You may attract people or turn them off.' 
The Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, which promotes Sin City's amenities to the world, is neutral on the issue. 
Clyde Barrow, a gambling expert who chairs the political science department at the University of Texas-Rio Grande Valley, suggests the donations may indicate the casino companies are acting in their own best interests. 
'The marijuana industry is emerging as another form of recreation and entertainment. Given the casino industry's difficulties attracting millennials, marijuana is probably perceived as a direct competitor with casinos for entertainment dollars,' he said. 'Another reason is that legalized marijuana competes with alcohol, and, to that extent, competes with the food and beverage sales at casinos.' 
There's no solid state-sponsored research on how legal recreational marijuana has affected tourism in places that have legalized it, although both sides point to Colorado to make their case. 
Pro-marijuana interests cite a state study that found Colorado set an all-time tourism record in 2015, capping a fifth year of growth. It's unclear how much of that is due to weed, and how much can be chalked up to other factors, such as good snow in recent years relative to competing ski states. 
Marijuana opponents refer to a report from the Visit Denver tourism bureau that logged increasing complaints about panhandling and open marijuana consumption in the city's downtown corridor. 
'Denver is losing visitors and valuable convention business as a result of these overall safety (or perception of safety) issues,' the report said. 'We fear not being able to brand Denver away from this growing reputation.' 
Nevada's ballot initiative would not allow municipalities to put blanket bans on marijuana, as Colorado does. But it would bar consumption in buildings that are open to the public and permit local governments to restrict the locations of marijuana dispensaries and related businesses. It effectively blocks people from growing their own by banning the practice within 25 miles of a licensed marijuana store.

ARTICLE

Russia, China Look To Autonomous Financial System 11/07/2016 
TASS.COM 
Russia and China need to create an autonomous financial system which would be minimally subject to political risks and external pressure, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said in an interview with the Chinese Central Television (CCTV). 
'As I see it, what should we be guided with in creating a modern financial system in the People's Republic of China and in the Russian Federation?' he said. 'We need to set up a modern, protected and simultaneously quite autonomous financial system, which would be subject to political risks to a lesser degree.' Nowadays, Russia and China are considering integration of Russia's national payment system, the Mir bank cards, and China's UnionPay system, he said. 
'In our view, it would help to enhance the reliability of payments,' Medvedev said, adding that sometimes some countries were trying to exert 'all sorts of political pressure.' European banks had been regularly fined by US financial authorities and financial companies, he added. 
'They say 'We will take ten billion euros from a French bank and seven billion euros from a German bank'. Our European partners agree with this,' Medvedev said. 
'I am not speaking about the nature of these disputes but that we must protect our financial systems. China must protect its own system and Russia must protect its own system. Therefore, this cooperation is very useful as in this situation no-one will be capable of blocking the road of financial traffic,' he emphasized. Russia looks to predictability of China's economic growth 
Russia expects that China's economic growth will be predictable and is set to cooperate with Chinese partners for the purpose, Russia's Prime Minister said in an interview. 
'We are interested in predictability of China's economy growth and so we are ready to work with our Chinese partners,' Medvedev said, adding the Russian government was implementing a plan aimed to boost the economic growth. 
'Actually, everyone needs it. Our country needs it as recently we have been plunged in a phase of such decline. Both European and US economies need it since they have not been gaining fast growth, to say nothing about Japan. Also, the Chinese economy needs it since it had been gathering speed in the past years but has slowed down later,' he said. 'It is closely watched by everyone as China's economy is the most significant factor of the world economic growth.'. Energy and high technology sectors 
Russia and China may reach the goal of $200bln trade by 2020 but energy and high technology sectors along with traditional trade should move up a gear, Russian Prime Minister said. 
'Indicators have been improving this year as a result of joint work of the two states, including our countries' leaders, governments, ministries, agencies and businesses,' Medvedev said. Russia, China intend to develop small satellite for Wi-Fi network 
'I am convinced that if we move ahead like this, by 2020 we will be able to reach the trade of $200 billion worth. However, attention should be turned to key aspects of cooperation,' he said explaining he implied the energy sector, with some projects like the Power of Siberia gas pipeline. 
'In 2015 construction of an eastern stretch of the gas pipeline was launched,' he said. 'Also, it includes oil supplies along the Skovorodino-Mohe (oil pipeline) extension and construction of large facilities, in particular the construction of Unit 3 at the Tianwan Nuclear Power Plant.' 
Besides, high-tech projects should be enhanced, he said. 
'I mean wide-body jets, heavy helicopters and other projects in the high-tech sector,' Medvedev said. 'It seems to me that if we diversify trade like this, our countries will be quite capable of reaching the level which we agreed on several years ago,' he said in conclusion. Share

ARTICLE

Worst Of Saudi Economic Slump Yet To Come 11/07/2016 
PRESS TV 
Experts say the outlook for Saudi economic recovery will remain murky for many months to come with some even warning that the worst of the economic slump for the kingdom is yet to come. 
Reuters in a report quoted several Riyadh-based experts as saying that there would be a high degree of uncertainty over the status of the Saudi economy in 2017. That would mainly be a result of the remaining challenges from the private sector. 
The Saudi economy may appear to have escaped a fiscal and currency crisis that loomed at the start of 2016. However, experts said, threats from certain basic problems still remain and will haunt the kingdom next year. 
The government owes its success to temporarily escape crisis to unpaid bills rather than sustainable spending cuts. 
The government has reduced or suspended payments that it owed to construction firms, medical establishments and even some of the foreign consultants who helped to design the economic reforms, Reuters added quoting the experts. The estimated unpaid dues for construction firms alone totaled 80 billion riyals. 
Experts further warned that this could store up obligations for Riyadh in the future. 
Reuters elsewhere emphasized that signs of the economic slump could be seen in Riyadh and other major cities, where discounts of 50 percent or more are offered by stores selling clothes and consumer electronics, and there is a surge in people offering second-hand cars for sale. 
The biggest uncertainty may be how authorities can push through a key part of their reform drive, added the report. The most important issue for the Saudis may be determining how they plan to foster a vibrant private sector that does not depend on oil revenues while at the same pushing ahead austerity policies that are suppressing private demand. 
Experts also warned that the status of the Saudi job market over the next few years. Between 1 million and 2 million of Saudi Arabia's 10 million foreign workers may leave over the next couple of years as the economic slowdown causes lay-offs and the government seeks to steer Saudi citizens into jobs previously held by foreigners, Reuters added.

ARTICLE

Charge Comey with TREASON and Flush Out the Entire FBI 11/07/2016 In today's video Christopher Greene of AMTV reports on FBI Director James Comey dropping investigation on Hillary Clinton's emails. 11/07/2016 HIGH TIMES Nevada already has legal brothels, round-the-clock casinos and a coy catchphrase declaring that 'what happ ... Russia, China Look To Autonomous Financial System 11/07/2016 TASS.COM Russia and China need to create an autonomous financial system which would be minimally subject to politic ... Worst Of Saudi Economic Slump Yet To Come 11/07/2016 PRESS TV Experts say the outlook for Saudi economic recovery will remain murky for many months to come with some even ... AMTV Archives

ARTICLE

US Military Prepares To Shut Down Russia's Internet If It Hacks The Election 11/08/2016 
DAILY CALLER 
American hackers recently broke into Russia's communications networks, electrical grid and government systems in preparation for a retaliatory cyber strike should Russian hackers meddle in the U.S. election, according to NBC News. 
Officials do not expect any major attacks on U.S. infrastructure, which would be tantamount to an act of war, but they are concerned that Russian hackers may meddle in the election by spreading false information. The hacker 'Guccifer 2.0' '” which officials and some cyber security experts believe is a front for Russian intelligence '” claimed they would be monitoring elections 'from inside the system.' 
The U.S. preparations are no different than Russia and China's probing of U.S. networks. The penetration caused no damage to Russia, instead it was the equivalent of a military scouting mission. Cyber weapons could be deployed if the U.S. suffered a significant attack, but officials tell NBC News that is an unlikely scenario. Just to be sure though, Obama administration officials issued a back-channel warning to Russia to stay out of the election. 
'You'd gain access to a network, you'd establish your presence on the network and then you're poised to do what you would like to do with the network,' Gary Brown, a former legal adviser to U.S. Cyber Command (CYBERCOM), told NBC News. 
U.S. cyber capabilities are top of the line, but the Obama administration has been wary of deploying them, despite consistent Russian provocation. CYBERCOM and the National Security Agency, the agencies responsible for U.S. cyber security, are incredibly secretive regarding U.S. capabilities. Stuxnet is the most well-known, publicized U.S. cyber weapon. The highly advanced computer worm wreaked havoc on Iran's nuclear enrichment program in 2010. 
CYBERCOM is currently involved in cyber attacks against the Islamic State, but Pentagon officials have been especially silent on the exact details of the ' cyber bombs ' being dropped on the terrorist group. Russia may find itself the next target, should it decide to go from misinformation campaigns to attacks on infrastructure.

ARTICLE

Topless Protesters Arrested At Trump's Polling Station 11/08/2016 
DAILY CALLER 
The polling station where Republican candidate Donald Trump plans to vote Tuesday morning in New York was crashed by angry, shirtless protesters. 
Two topless female protesters entered the New York City polling station, disturbing voters and chanting. The women were reportedly saying 'Trump, grab your balls!' in reference to the leaked audio of his lewd conversation with Billy Bush from 2005. 
The protesters had 'Femen USA' painted on their backs. Femen is a mostly-European, extreme feminist activist group, increasingly spreading in the United States. 
'I can assure you sure that once American women are trained and ready to act as Femen, every place of gender injustice, every representative of patriarchal culture, will be a target of Femen USA,' one activist told The Daily Beast .

ARTICLE

NATO fighter jets on constant watch for Russian jets above Baltic states 11/08/2016 
DAILY MAIL Russian fighter jets are constantly probing Nato's defences over the Baltic states, with more than 600 'interceptions' so far this year. Ironically, considering the history, the Nato pilots defending the skies over Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are often German. Seven German fighter pilots are based at an air base at Amari, west of the Estonian capital Tallinn. Lieutenant Colonel Swen Jacob, the commander of the German pilots, said they often flew as close as 10 yards from the Russian jets and one occasion a Russian pilot gave him a middle-fingered salute. Lt Col Jacob joked to the Washington Post : 'Maybe he watched too much 'Top Gun'.' But the situation in the Baltic is deadly serious, with the Russian air force clearly under orders from President Vladimir Putin to be more aggressive in the air. An RAF Eurofighter Typhoon plane takes off over a field of poppies. German Typhoons are currently based in Amari, Estonia, and it is possible they will be replaced by British Typhoons in January The Typhoon jet (left) is flown by the German air force and the RAF aswell as the Italian and Spanish air forces. It is matched in the air with the Russian Sukhoi SU-27 Flanker (right) The German pilots have scrambled 34 times since they were posted in Estonia on August 31, with Sukhoi SU-27 Flanker jets the most common threat. The Russian planes are free to fly along an international airspace corridor running between St Petersburg and the Kaliningrad enclave and west as far as the Danish island of Falster. Russian pilots often fly without transponders, making them virtually invisible and increasing the danger of mid-air collisions. Lt Col Jacob told the Post: 'The fighter aircraft are almost always armed to the teeth. Six kinds of missiles. They could carry up to 10.' This Sukhoi SU-27 Flanker showed off its abilities at the Farnborough air show a few years ago, before the icy blasts of the new cold war descended on Europe The Flanker's full armoury includes Vympel R-27, R-73 and R-77 air-to-air missiles, Zvezda Kh-35U anti-ship missiles, S-8 and S-13 rockets and a collection of guided bombs and cluster bombs. The French air force also has four fighter jets based at Å iauliai in Lithuania. Both the French and German contingents are due to be rotated out of the area in January and replaced by other Nato pilots, including possibly RAF pilots from Britain. 
+20 Goodybe Mr President: Russia's President Putin (left) has massively increased Russian military spending and anti-Western rhetoric and most experts agree he has outmanouevred President Obama (right) militarily and politically The Baltic states seized their independence from the collapsing Soviet Union in 1991 and, increasingly worried about the Russian bear on their doorstep, joined Nato in 2004. Putin was enraged that Nato was within 100 miles of Russia's second city, St Petersburg, and in the last year he has been increasingly probing Nato's defences in the region. Yesterday Nato chiefs announced plans to put together a force of 300,000 troops which they can put on 'high alert' in eastern Europe. Relations between Russia and the West have plunged in the last year, with Moscow's insistence on backing its Syrian ally, President Bashar al-Assad, at all costs leading to serious tension with the US, Britain and France. Most Nato members cut their defence spending dramatically since the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 but Russia has been bolstering its military capabilities, holding parades involving more than 100,000 troops each year. 
+20 Nato soldiers stand on a pontoon bridge constructed across the Vistula river in Poland during the NATO Anaconda-16 exercise earlier this year Moscow has been throwing its weight around in recent years '“ in 2008 Russian troops humiliated the Georgians and in turn the White House by invading South Ossetia and Abkhazia in support of pro-Moscow rebels. Then in 2014 Russia annexed Crimea and supported ethnic Russian rebels in the eastern Ukraine. President Obama's 'Russian reset' policy, which was designed to improve relations with Moscow, has looked increasingly like a policy of appeasement. 
+20 At the weekend Russian soldiers, dressed in World War Two era uniforms, commemorate the 75th anniversary of a famous parade in 1941 when the Red Army headed out of Moscow to take on the Nazis Russia's President Vladimir Putin has been accused of attempting to interfere with the US election process by hacking into the emails of senior members of the Democratic party and recently moved the Iskander nuclear-capable missiles into the Kaliningrad enclave, on the borders with Poland. But Nato members like Estonia, Poland and Romania, who are feeling increasingly threatened by Moscow, are now being promised a rapid deployment force. Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg told The Times this week: 'We have also seen Russia using propaganda in Europe among Nato allies and that is exactly the reason why Nato is responding. We are responding with the biggest reinforcement of our collective defence since the end of the Cold War. 'We have seen Russia being much more active in many different ways. 'We have seen a more assertive Russia implementing a substantial military build-up over many years; tripling defence spending since 2000 in real terms; developing new military capabilities; exercising their forces and using military force against neighbours,' added Mr Stoltenberg. 
+20 Russia recently moved its nuclear-capable Iskander missiles into the Kaliningrad enclave. The missiles could take out targets in Berlin Britain's permanent representative to Nato, Sir Adam Thomson, told The Times it would currently take Nato six months to deploy a force of 300,000, which was simply too slow. At the weekend British military intelligence officers issued a warning over a new Russian 'super tank' which they claim is far superior to anything which is available to Nato. The document claims that Britain's Challenger II main battle tank could be overpowered by the Kremlin's new Armata tank. Officials believe the new Russian tank is 'revolutionary' and blames the government for failing to provide a proper response. The new tank has several highly advanced features including an un-manned turret which makes the machine safer for crews Yesterday's military parade in Red Square commemorated a pivotal moment in World War Two when German forces were turned back from the gates of Moscow

ARTICLE

Election Mood Setting Music for You and Your Family 11/08/2016 11/08/2016  

ARTICLE

11/8/2016

ARTICLE

Lady Gaga Protests Donald Trump Outside of Trump Tower 11/09/2016 
E! ONLINE 
Lady Gaga took to Trump Tower early Wednesday morning to protest the results of the U.S. election. 
The 'Bad Romance' singer, a well-known Hillary Clinton supporter, stood outside Donald Trump 's building and held a sign that read 'Love trumps hate.' As the hours passed Tuesday night and it became clearer that Trump would win the presidency, Gaga tweeted, 'In a room full of hope, we will be heard. Stand up for kindness, equality, and love. Nothing will stop us. Say a prayer America.' 
Gaga campaigned for Clinton earlier this week, attending a rally where she spoke of Clinton's strengths. 'She has a career in politics that spans decades of experience, education, leadership, and wisdom. She's ready to be president,' she said. 'She kept going and she kept fighting for women's rights. She kept fighting for the care of our children. She kept fighting for those that are in need.'Trump's victory was declared around 2:30 a.m. ET, and during his speech he praised Clinton's efforts throughout the election. He said she was owed a 'deep debt of gratitude' for all her hard work. 'We will get along with all other nations willing to get along with us. We will deal fairly with everyone. We will seek common ground, partnership not conflict,' he added in his speech. 'America will no longer settle for anything less than the best. We must reclaim our destiny.'

ARTICLE

Trump Tower Surrounded By Dump Trucks In Anticipation Of Violence 11/09/2016 
DAILY CALLER 
The New York City Police Department (NYPD) has surrounded the perimeter of Trump Tower with reinforced dump trucks in anticipation of Election Day violence. 
The dump trucks flank the skyscraper on all sides, and are supplemented by guardrails and heavily armed police officers. This morning, the building was not open to the general public and traffic crawled through a narrow corridor of trucks and police. On the street, supporters and protesters stood for interviews with a burgeoning press corps camped across the street. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump lives in a penthouse near the top of the building, which also serves as headquarters for his presidential campaign. (RELATED: Election Day Voting Has Begun '“ Who Is Winning?) 
Police told The Daily Caller News Foundation that the dumping beds are filled with sand, which adds weight to each truck, in effect making it impossible to run the barrier. Police decided to circle the Tower with trucks as a hedge against car bombs, or some such similar incendiary munition delivered by car. The fleet of trucks will travel with Trump this evening to surround the New York Hilton Midtown Manhattan Hotel, where Trump is hosting his victory rally. The NYPD maintained a presence around the hotel for several days, which is also closed to the public. 
Guests staying in the hotel on unrelated business must present their keycards at a security check-point before entering the premises. 
Similar security measures will attend Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's headquarters at the Javits Convention Center in Hell's Kitchen this evening.

ARTICLE

Shouts of 'Not my president!' in California, following Trump victory 11/09/2016 
PBS 
Moments after Donald Trump's stunning victory over Hillary Clinton for the White House, protests erupted in California and other states, including people crying 'Not my president!' 
The Los Angeles Times and other media outlets reported anti-Trump protesters amassing around the campuses of the University of California, Santa Barbara, and UC San Diego, among others. 
In Oakland, the overnight protests led to a partial closure of the Bay Area Rapid Transit, or BART, the Times reported. 
Photos and videos on social media captured the protesters marching and yelling 'Who's got the power? We got the power,' 'Not my president!' and other anti-Trump chants filled with expletives . 
UCSB student newspaper the Daily Nexus reported that hundreds of students left their dorms to protest. In the video captured by the paper below, one student is seen carrying a Mexican flag. 
Likewise, hundreds of students at UC San Diego and UCLA demonstrated on campus early Wednesday morning. There also were reports of protests at UC Santa Cruz and UC Irvine. Officials said there were as many as 3,000 students that marched through the UCLA campus, ABC reported . 
Elsewhere in the country, protests were reported in Portland, Oregon and Washington, D.C. 
In Oakland, authorities said dozens of protesters gathered downtown, while hundreds blocked a local highway. 
The San Francisco Chronicle also reported that a 20-year-old protester was severely injured after being hit by a car on Highway 20. Protesters had blocked the highway and lit several fires, officer John O'Reilly told BuzzFeed News .

ARTICLE

Elites Have Secretly 'Banked On Trump Victory 11/09/2016 
SILVERISTHENEW 
There's more than one way for the establishment to yield power from this election. 
The first path is obvious, direct and potentially deadly. A Hillary presidency will be surrounded by bitter people, and overt uses of power, along with war, increased taxes and thinly-veiled pay-for-play politics benefiting the billionaires who've bankrolled her rise to power. 
The other path is less predictable, but possible just the perfect 'magic formula' they need to get things flowing again. 
The Brexit vote, a by-product of populist anger against economic stagnation and political angst, was secretly a win for those who wield power from the financial sector. 
In the end, the disquiet of the people has proven to be the secret ingredient to stirring something up in an economy otherwise stymied by quantitative easing and dismal economic returns. 
As Zero Hedge explains , it just may be, particularly in light of some of the statements that have been made by significant figures on Wall Street: 
So yes, inflation is possible, it just can't coexist with political stability, which may explain why '“ according to some more conspiratorial elements '“ a 'surprising' Trump victory on Tuesday may be assured : after all, what better way to unleash political instability than to inaugurate the candidate who promises a full break with the establishment as we know it. If in the process, it leads to a surge in much needed inflation, now that QE has tried and failed, it's a price the establishment, reeling under the weight of record global debt, is willing to pay. 
One River Asset Management's Eric Peters laying out his inflationary 'revelation': 'British spenders have entirely looked through post-Brexit uncertainty,' said Mark Carney [governor of the Bank of England]. '¦ So the Bank of England forecast its biggest inflation overshoot since 1997; expecting 2018 price gains to peak at +2.8%. What's it tell us? 
A populist uprising, compromised free trade, immigration restrictions, a 15% currency devaluation, 0.50% interest rates combined with aggressive QE is today's magic formula for modestly exceeding a 2% inflation target 2yrs hence. 
['¦]we live in the 2010s, and inflationary expectations have succumbed to decades of independent central banking. Economic volatility is remarkably muted too. With it has come a long period of political stability. ['¦] And we also know that a long period of political stability is drawing to a close. 
But we can't be sure that political volatility will increase inflation volatility. Nor can we be sure that it won't. It all depends on time and place. And today's time and place is something new. 
Is this proof that the elite are secretly planning to make lemonade from the lemons of American discontent and the wild card candidacy of Donald Trump? 
That is a difficult call to make, but it is worth noting that there is clearly an advantage to be held if this outcome does occur. 
As Tumelar notes, the fix is in either way: 
It's either inflation by Trump's victory or by WW3 started by Hillary Clinton. 
A hard choice for the banksters. 
Of course, the situation is much more complicated than just inflation, or any one factor. There is a great deal of speculation that the end of QE, known to be no longer effective at stimulating the economy has made a stock market collapse inevitable, subject to the Fed raises rates. 
It appears that Yellen has been waiting for the outcome of the election, and one way or another, will dump the next crisis on the next president. If that proves to be Trump, he will be blamed for the downfall'¦ meanwhile, there will be those waiting in the shadows to profit from disaster. 
For his part, astute columnist Brandon Smith has consistently argued that the elite have chosen Trump and will allow him to take the presidency '“ only to use the unpredictability as a catalyst for order out of chaos, and the institution of great political and economic controls over the country: 
The vast majority of analysts in the mainstream and in the alternative media refused to acknowledge the possibility that a successful Brexit actually works in FAVOR of the globalists, because it provides them a perfect scapegoat for a financial crisis that has been broiling for years and is now ready to burst into flames. 
['¦] 
I argue that the globalists want Trump in office, just as they wanted the passage of the Brexit. I argue that they need conservative movements to feel as though we have won, so that they can pull the rug out from under us in the near future. I argue that we are being set up. 
Again, the elites are openly telling us what is about to happen. They are telling us that if 'populists' (conservatives) gain political power, the system will effectively collapse. To what extent is hard to say, but let's assume that the situation will be ugly enough to influence the masses to reconsider the ideal of globalism as a possible solution. The elites are fond of the Hegelian dialectic and the philosophy of 'order out of chaos,' after all. 
Again, the reasons parallel the reasons that Brexit was able to succeed in spite of fierce establishment opposition. 
The master manipulators are adaptive to any market conditions, and their influence runs deeper than the electorate of any given political season. Its agents and officers instruct the candidates and make demands, not the other way around. 
In a puppeteer's world, must we always argue for the existence of puppets on every stage? 
Read more:

ARTICLE

Russia To Hit ISIS In Aleppo With Cruise Missiles 11/09/2016 
DAILY MAIL The Russian navy is planning a massive attack on Aleppo within the next 24 hours, according to a Ministry of Defence source. A group of ships including an aircraft carrier, a nuclear power guided missile cruiser and two destroyers is reportedly ready to strike from the Mediterranean Sea. But the Russian source insisted the missiles will aim for areas surrounding Aleppo to avoid harming the 200,000 civilians still living there. 'The group's main goal is to carry out missile strikes on terrorists outside of Aleppo that are attempting to get into the city', they told Gazeta.ru . 'The strikes will avoid the city of Aleppo to prevent civilian casualties, because terrorists continue to use city residents as human shields.' The source added that the details of the strike are still being finalised as they navy zeros in on exact targets around the Syrian city. The strikes could apparently include Kalibr cruise missiles, launched from a submarine. The strikes could apparently include Kalibr cruise missiles, although these would be launched from a submarine Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov is among the group in the Mediterranean Sea It comes on the day of the US election, after American officials have condemned Russia's bombing campaign in Syria. Secretary of state John Kerry has called on Russia, which supports dictator Bashar-al-Assad against rebel groups, to stop bombing civilians in what he described as the 'largest of humanitarian disasters'. But President Putin has denied any 'war crimes' and asked for evidence that his forces are bombing innocents. Russian planes were allegedly responsible for a strike killing at least seven children and two pregnant women in Syria's rebel stronghold province of Idlib on Tuesday. 
+6 Russian planes were allegedly responsible for strikes killing at least seven children and two pregnant women in Syria's rebel stronghold province of Idlib on Tuesday The strike hit the town of Khan Sheikun in the south of the province, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitor said. The Britain-based group, which relies on a network of sources inside Syria for its information, says it determines what planes carried out raids according to their type, location, flight patterns and the munitions involved. In Moscow, the defence ministry denied that Russian aircraft had been in the area on Tuesday, and accused the Observatory of 'information provocations'. Russia began its air campaign in support of the government in September 2015, saying it was targeting 'terrorists.' 'The strike hit a street where children were playing. Three of the dead children were from one family and were visiting their grandfather,' Observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman said.

