ARTICLE



Dear Mr. Hodges, 
This is to inform you that Wikileaks will soon, or has released Clinton emails which will demonstrate the following: 

Please note that I have covered the ISIS/Lafarge/Clinton connections very prominently in the past year. This is just more confirmation of what I have already covered. 
The above is already appearing on the Internet in several places. It is clear that Putin would be a fool to allow Clinton and her gang of thugs to continue with their plan. Every time Clinton sags in the polls, she starts talking about 9/11. The evidence is beginning to line up that Clinton interests had motive to commit 9/11. No wonder Clinton tries to blame the Russians for everything, she is the main culprit on the world being brought to the precipice of World War III. 
It is a gratifying feeling when the dots start to connect. 
The Aaron Klein Revelations 
Aaron Klein, the Breitbart Bureau Chief for Jerusalem revealed, in a B reitbart publication dated March 1, 2016, revealed that 'the email from April 10th, 2011, the State Department employee, Timmy Davis, forwarded an email to the server by Clinton's aide, Huma Abedin .' Please note that the time of this revelation, Huma Abedin, was not yet a household name. VIDEO: Pizza Hut Employees Caught On Tape Taking Celebratory BONG HITS AT WORK! 
The series of emails will eventually have catastrophic consequences for Ambassador Stevens. 'An email containing the whereabouts and plans of murdered U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens passed through Hillary Clinton's private server, dispatches released Monday in the final group of messages from Clinton's emails reveal.' 
Below are some examples of the allegations posed by Klein and these are not empty charges as Klein offered as proof, the following emails . 
'A March 27, 2011 email released last year was titled, 'Chris Stevens mission.' It divulged: 'The current game plan is for Mr. Stevens to move no later than Wednesday from Malta to Benghazi. He will stage offshore initially for a one day visit during which he will have meetings with TNC interlocutors and get a sense of the situation on the ground. The goal of this one day trip is for him to lay the groundwork for a stay of up to 30 days. 
An April 8, 2011 email was forwarded to Clinton revealing the 'security situation in Benghazi remains quiet. Chris Stevens & team are in the hotel, moving only for meetings as required.' 
An April 22, 2011 email revealed Stevens was on the road: 'I want to let you know about a temporary rotation in Benghazi. TNC Envoy Chris Stevens has been on the road since March 13, when he began his outreach mission, and has been in Benghazi since April 5.' CONVICTED KILLER RELEASED FROM JAIL BY MISTAKE 
An April 24, 2011 email has the exact time of a Stevens meeting: ''Stevens will be meeting with MFA in one hour and will make a written request for better security at the hotel and for better security-related coordination. He still feels comfortable in the hotel. They are looking into the idea of moving into a villa, but that is some way off.' 
If later emails are released, I have no doubt, that we will see that Clinton was transmitting Stevens location up until the time of the attack upon the Benghazi compound and this explains why some of these emails are not being released. However, at some point, they will see the light of day. 
The release of travel information, in any form, is a felony! Remember, the Stevens travel plans are classified and they came from Clinton's private server. A casual Law and Order fan could make the causal connections between the release of these emails and Stevens death. This is absolute evidence that Clinton not only is guilty of multiple felonies, she is an accomplice to murder! 
