ARTICLE

Gregg Prescott, an author and editor at In5d.com got an intriguing private message from someone on Facebook. This is the message: 
Via AlternativeNews 
'Hi Gregg, I follow your in5d website everyday and I'm thankful there are like minded people like yourself who are aware of global things that I have know since I was a little girl.
I came across some photos from a trusted source of the inside of planes that are used for chemtrails and I figured if I passed them on to you, you can help spread more awareness with it on your website. Let me know if this is ok with you. Thanks.” Gregg saw the images and he immediately wanted to know who the source was and if they wanted to elaborate on these photos. He was told:
'Unfortunately my source does not want to be known and would rather remain anonymous… I'm sure they have some pretty good reasons and I must respect their wishes. As long as the information gets out there I think that's the most important thing I'll send you more photos later on in the day when I have a chance thank you.”
THESE ARE THE SHOCKING PHOTOS GREGG RECEIVED : 
































ARTICLE

Most of us haven't quite realized there is something extraordinary happening. A few months ago I freed myself from standard-procedure society, I broke the chains of fear that kept me locked up into the system. 
Via AnonHQ 

Since then, I see the world from a different perspective: the one that everything is going through change and that most of us are unaware of that.
Is Really Something Extraordinary Happening In The World? Why is the world changing? In this post I'll point out the 8 reasons that lead me to believe it.
1. No One Can Stand The Employment Model Any Longer We are reaching our limits. People working with big corporations can't stand their jobs. The lack of purpose knocks on your door as if it came from inside you like a yell of despair. People want out. They want to drop everything. Take a look on how many people are willing to risk entrepreneurship, people leaving on sabbaticals, people with work-related depression, people in burnout.
2. The Entrepreneurship Model Is Also Changing Over the past few years, with the explosion of startups, thousands of entrepreneurs turned their garages in offices to bring their billion dollar ideas to life. The vortex of entrepreneurship was to find an investor and get funded. To be funded was like winning the World Cup, or the Super Bowl. But what happens after you get funded?
You get back to being an employee. You may have brought in people not sharing your dream, not in agreement with your purpose and soon it's all about the money. The financial end becomes the main driver of your business. People are suffering with it. Excellent startups began to tumble because the money seeking model is endless. A new way to endeavor is needed. Good people are doing it already.
3. The Rise Of Collaboration Many people have figured out that it doesn't make any sense to go on by yourself. Many people have awakened from the 'each man for himself” mad mentality. Stop, take a step back and think. Isn't it absurd that we, 7 billion of us living in the same planet, have grown further apart from each other? What sense does it make to turn your back on the thousands, maybe millions, of people living around you in the same city? Every time it crosses my mind, I feel blue.
Fortunately, things are changing. Sharing, collaborative economy concepts are being implemented, and it points towards a new direction. The direction of collaborating, of sharing, of helping, of togetherness. This Is Beautiful To Watch. It Touches Me.
4. We Are Finally Figuring Out What The Internet Is The internet is an incredibly spectacular thing and only now, after so many years, we are understanding its power. With the internet the world is opened, the barriers fall, the separation ends, the togetherness starts, the collaboration explodes, the helping emerges. Some nations saw true revolutions that used the internet as the primary catalyst, such as the Arab Spring. Here in Brazil we are just starting to make a better use out of this amazing tool.
Internet is taking down mass control. The big media groups controlling news by how it suits best what they want the message to be and what they want us to read are no longer the sole owners of information. You go after what you want. You bond to whomever you want. You explore whatever you may want to.
With the advent of the internet, the small is no longer speechless, there is a voice. The anonymous become acknowledged. The world comes together. And then the system may fall.
5. The Fall Of Exaggerated Consumerism For too long, we've been manipulated to consume as much as we possibly can. To buy every new product launched, the newest car, the latest iPhone, the top brands, lots of clothes, shoes, lots and lots and lots of pretty much anything we could our hands on. Going against the crowd, many people have understood that this of way off. Lowsumerism, slow life and slow food are a few excerpts of actions being taken as we speak, pointing out by contradiction how absurdly we have come to organize ourselves.
Fewer people are using cars, fewer people are overspending, and more people are swapping clothes, buying used goods, sharing assets, cars, apartments, offices. We don't need all of that they told us we needed. And this consciousness of new consumerism can take down any company living of the exaggerated end of it.
6. Healthy And Organic Eating We were so crazy we even accepted eating anything! It only needed to taste good, and everything would be alright. We were so disconnected that companies started to poison our food and we didn't say anything! But then some people started waking up, enabling and strengthening healthy and organic eating. This is only to get stronger.
But what has this got to do with economy and work? Just about everything, I'd say. Food production is one of the basic fundamentals of our society. If we change our mindset, our eating habit and our way of consuming, corporations will have to respond and adapt to a new market.
The small farmer is getting back to being relevant to the whole chain of production. Even people are growing plants and seeds inside their homes as well. And that reshapes the whole economy.
7 .  The Awakening Of Spirituality How many friends do you have who practice yoga? What about meditation? Now think back, 10 years ago, how many people did you know by then who practiced these activities? Spirituality, for too long, was for esoteric folks, those weird-like and mystic people.
But fortunately, this is also changing. We've come to the edge of reason and rationality. We were able to realize that, with only our conscious mind, we can't figure out everything that goes by here. There is something else going on and I'm sure you want to get hold of that as well.
You want to understand how these things work. How life operates, what happens after death, what is this energy thing people talk about so much, what is quantum physics, how thoughts can be materialized and create our sense of reality, what is coincidence and synchronicity, why meditation works, how it's possible to cure using nothing but bare hands, how those alternative therapies not approved by regular medicine can actually work.
Companies are providing meditation to their employees. Even schools are teaching the young how to meditate. Think about it.
8 .  Unschooling Trends Who created this teaching model? Who chose the classes you have to take? Who chose the lessons we learn in history classes? Why didn't they teach us the truth about other ancient civilizations? Why should kids follow a certain set of rules? Why should they watch everything in silence? Why should they wear a uniform? What about taking a test to prove that you actually learned?
We developed a model that perpetuates and replicates followers of the system. That breed people into ordinary human beings. Fortunately, a lot of people are working to rethink that though concepts such as unschooling, hackschooling, homeschooling.
Maybe you've never thought of that and even may be in shock. But it's happening. Silently, people are being woken up and are realizing how crazy it is to live in this society. Look at all these new actions and try to think everything is normal we were taught so far is normal. I don't think it is. There is something extraordinary happening.


ARTICLE

Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, is a controversial character. But there's no denying the emails he has picked up from inside the Democrat Party are real, and he's willing to expose Hillary Clinton. 
Via AlternativeNews 

Now, he's announcing that Hillary Clinton and her State Department were actively arming Islamic jihadists, which includes the Islamic State (ISIS) in Syria. Clinton has repeatedly denied these claims, including during multiple statements while under oath in front of the United States Senate.
WikiLeaks is about to prove Hillary Clinton deserves to be arrested : 
The Reagan administration officials hoped to secure the release of several U.S. hostages, and then take proceeds from the arms sales to Iran, to fund the Contras in Nicaragua. Sounds familiar?
Scroll Down For Video Below! In Obama's second term, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton authorized the shipment of American-made arms to Qatar, a country beholden to the Muslim Brotherhood, and friendly to the Libyan rebels, in an effort to topple the Libyan/Gaddafi government, and then ship those arms to Syria in order to fund Al Qaeda, and topple Assad in Syria.
Clinton took the lead role in organizing the so-called 'Friends of Syria” (aka Al Qaeda/ISIS) to back the CIA-led insurgency for regime change in Syria.
Under oath Hillary Clinton denied she knew about the weapons shipments during public testimony in early 2013 after the Benghazi terrorist attack. In an interview with Democracy Now, Wikileaks' Julian Assange is now stating that 1,700 emails contained in the Clinton cache directly connect Hillary to Libya to Syria, and directly to Al Qaeda and ISIS.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Julian, I want to mention something else. In March, you launched a searchable archive for over 30,000 emails and email attachments sent to and from Hillary Clinton's private email server while she was secretary of state. The 50,547 pages of documents span the time from June 2010 to August 2014; 7,500 of the documents were sent by Hillary Clinton herself. The emails were made available in the form of thousands of PDFs by the U.S. State Department as the result of a Freedom of Information Act request. Why did you do this, and what's the importance, from your perspective, of being able to create a searchable base?
JULIAN ASSANGE: Well, WikiLeaks has become the rebel library of Alexandria. It is the single most significant collection of information that doesn't exist elsewhere, in a searchable, accessible, citable form, about how modern institutions actually behave. And it's gone on to set people free from prison, where documents have been used in their court cases; hold the CIA accountable for renditions programs; feed into election cycles, which have resulted in the termination of, in some case—or contributed to the termination of governments, in some cases, taken the heads of intelligence agencies, ministers of defense and so on. So, you know, our civilizations can only be as good as our knowledge of what our civilisation is. We can't possibly hope to reform that which we do not understand.
So, those Hillary Clinton emails, they connect together with the cables that we have published of Hillary Clinton, creating a rich picture of how Hillary Clinton performs in office, but, more broadly, how the U.S. Department of State operates. So, for example, the disastrous, absolutely disastrous intervention in Libya, the destruction of the Gaddafi government, which led to the occupation of ISIS of large segments of that country, weapons flows going over to Syria, being pushed by Hillary Clinton, into jihadists within Syria, including ISIS, that's there in those emails. There's more than 1,700 emails in Hillary Clinton's collection, that we have released, just about Libya alone.
It appears that Hillary Clinton committed perjury, just like her husband was caught doing as President.


ARTICLE

In a leaked email between the Democratic Candidate for President of the United States Hillary Clinton and her campaign chairman, John Podesta, the former first lady indicates 'Western intelligence, US intelligence and sources in the region” to accuse Qatar and Saudi Arabia of 'providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL [or ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups in the region.” 

Hillary told Podesta the current developments in the Middle East were 'important to the U.S. for reasons that often differ from country to country.” She also cited the need to 'use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets.” The same email also included that Clinton brought effort to sustain and protect the country's national interests in the region.
Scroll Down For Video Below! Recently, new information has surfaced from 2012, the Director of Foreign Policy at the Clinton Foundation, Amitabh Desai, insisted the Ambassador from Qatar would 'like to see [Bill Clinton] 'for five minutes' in NYC, to present $1 million check that Qatar promised for [his] birthday in 2011,” adding that the small but rich nation occupying the Qatar Peninsula would 'welcome [the Clinton Foundation's] suggestions for investments in Haiti — particularly on education and health.” Desai added that while Qatar had already 'allocated most of their $20 million … [they were] happy to consider projects we suggest.”
Earlier this year, Al Jazeera, a Qatar-based, state-funded news organization ran a list of 'revealing, juicy and quirky emails” that were leaked by WikiLeaks. The Clinton Foundation was involved in a 'pay-for-play” scheme with the news organization. The King of Morocco offered $12m 'for the endowment” — as long as Clinton was willing to participate with the scheme.
Unfortunately, there wasn't enough proof provided by the state-funded broadcaster to bring up the Qatar connection with the Clinton Foundation. WikiLeaks made a post on Facebook stating, '' Al Jazeera's list of juiciest Wikileaks forgets to mention the revelation that Qatar funds both ISIS & Bill Clinton. ”
Right after WikiLeaks pointed out the omission, Twitter exploded with concerns by users pressuring Al Jazeera to explain why the publication failed to link Qatar to ISIS and Clinton.
Al Jazeera's list of juiciest WikiLeaks forgets to mention the revelation that Qatar funds both ISIS & Bill Clinton: https://t.co/aBIuF861kk 
— Max Abrahms (@MaxAbrahms) October 25, 2016 
@MaxAbrahms @wikileaks You mean @AlJazeera is not critical of Qatar? That is utterly shocking haha pic.twitter.com/4XSmuHXQ98 
— Eddie Mejia (@MeBeEddie) October 25, 2016 

The country is at its' tipping point. No matter how much attention the story received from social media, news organizations failed to report them. Is the media afraid to tell the truth because they're in fear that it will help Clinton lose her the presidential election? Maybe it's just a difficult topic to talk about. We need answers!


ARTICLE

When you watch this video of Crooked Hillary's speech from yesterday here in Florida, you will see some amazing things. First, you will see a background section that is in 2-D and not 3-D, like a projected image on a wall would look. Why would that be? Well, that happens in what we call green screen technology, and in this case, poorly done green screen. 
Via EndBegins 

When you watch this video of Crooked Hillary's speech from yesterday here in Florida, you will see some amazing things. First, you will see a background section that is in 2-D and not 3-D, like a projected image on a wall would look. Secondly, you see when anyone steps in front of that background, there appears a darkened halo around them. Why would that be? Well, that happens in what we call green screen technology, and in this case, poorly done green screen.
Start watching at the 1:03:00 mark to see where Crooked Hillary starts speaking: 
Another salient clue that she used a green screen is that when she turns around to wave to these people, they are mere feet away and yet she shakes hands with none of them. Why, because they weren't there. Liberal news rag CNN is infamous for pretending to be in a location but in reality it's nothing more than green screen. CNN did it here, here, and also here.
THE HANDHELD VIDEO CAMERA EXPOSES THE LIE: Look in the viewfinder of the video camera filming Crooked Hillary – it's black behind her yet in the official video it's filled with people. Hmm…awake yet, America?

Lastly, if you look close at the end of the video, you will see the real people behind her with cameras, but then the main group of people behind them are flattened out in 2-D because they are not actually there.
HILLARY'S RALLY WAS UBER-TINY SO IT'S LITTLE WONDER THEY HAD TO RESORT TO GREEN SCREEN: Clinton supporters beginning to enter Broward College for Hillary Clinton early voting rally in Coconut Creek #tcpalm pic.twitter.com/8HhLkFltks 
— Eric Hasert (@TCPalmHasert) October 25, 2016 



ARTICLE

The DNC is suing the Republican National Committee due to Donald Trump's claims that Hillary Clinton is committing election fraud. 
Via YourNewsWire 

The suit was filed in a U.S. District Court in New Jersey and aims to silence Trump's claim that the election is rigged, which the DNC are particularly sensitive about. The DNC alleges that the RNC has not done enough to reprimand Trump for claiming that the election is rigged, and seeks to have the court hold the committee in civil contempt as well as levy sanctions.
The DNC claims that because the RNC has done 'ballot security” work, they are agreeing with Trump that the election is rigged. Marc Elias, Hillary Clinton's campaign counsel, claims that there is also a racial element to Trump's claims of voter fraud.
'Trump has falsely and repeatedly told his supporters that the November 8 election will be 'rigged' based upon fabricated claims of voter fraud in 'certain areas' or 'certain sections' of key states,” the Democratic attorneys, including Hillary Clinton campaign counsel Marc Elias, wrote.
'Unsurprisingly, those 'certain areas' are exclusively communities in which large minority voting populations reside.” Election Day is in 13 days.


ARTICLE

It has been said a number of times over the past year, that WWIII could be on the horizon. Recent events and statements between Russia and the United States have people believing it's closer than ever. But is this really the case? Should we be worried? 
Via CollectiveEvolution 
Since almost everything real and important taking place is kept from the masses while we are distracted by mainstream media and pop culture, it's tough to say what is really going on. But if we begin to look at the various things going on in the world, we can piece together some interesting things.
Scroll Down For Video Below In this case, anonymous is hinting that WWIII is inching closer. Some people even believe it has already begun. But you know what? I'm not sure we need to move into fear. First check out the video, then read on.
Not All Bad News Right off the bat many start worrying about nuclear bombs, and that's fair. But there is also an interesting fact to consider: UFOs have been shooting down nuclear threats over the last few decades.
Dozens of foreign governments have released thousands of pages of UFO related documents –here is an example of the latest batch released from the United Kingdom's Ministry of Defense in June 2013. Other country's governments who have done the same include Mexico, France, Argentina, Russia and Belgium, just to name a few.
The fact that governments have released and documented information that detail UFO encounters with the military, as well as supposed extraterrestrial encounters with people, tells us that they've had and do have a high level of interest when it comes to the topic of UFOs and extraterrestrials. Had this information remained classified, nobody would officially be able to say that governments have allocated resources to investigate this phenomenon, and it would have remained in the 'conspiracy” realm. At the same time, it's important to remember that this issue goes far beyond and well above government control.
'It is ironic that the U.S. should be fighting monstrously expensive wars allegedly to bring democracy to those countries, when it itself can no longer claim to be called a democracy when trillions, and I mean thousands of billions of dollars have been spent on projects which both congress and the commander in chief know nothing about.” – Paul Hellyer, Former Canadian Defense Minister (source) 
'Everything is in a process of investigation both in the United States and in Spain, as well as the rest of the world. The nations of the world are currently working together in the investigation of the UFO phenomenon. There is an international exchange of data.” – General Carlos Castro Cavero (1979). From 'UFOs and the National Security State, Volume 2″, Written by Richard Dolan
'Behind the scenes, high ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense.” Former head of CIA, Roscoe Hillenkoetter, 1960 (source) 
Just last year at the Citizens Hearing on Disclosure , a United States congresswoman voiced her opinion that the US government should disclose this existence, pointing to the fact that a number of foreign governments have already done so -you can read more about that story here. 
War is something none of us want I'm sure we could agree on, and just because UFO's may be shooting down nukes doesn't mean we are OK with war. But what can we do when it comes to such large worldly events? There must be something… Consciousness!
What you focus on, what your thoughts are each day, how you feel and how you treat one another is important. It has a huge impact on what plays out in our world. This has been proven numerous times when studies examine the impact of people meditating or focusing on something specific. Collective consciousness is real and it can be impacted.
Here is an example of meditation helping in war zones. 
You are not small, you can impact millions, we can impact billions because we are all connected. Focus on the world you want and share that with others.
As for physical action, again what you choose to do to be in alignment with your purpose is powerful. But we can also continue to raise awareness about what is going on in our world and make decisions and choices that opt out of the things we no longer want to see and support.
Meditation, intention, being a good person, aligning with your soul purpose, being of service to others and doing things like voting with your dollar is no passive, it is powerful when you understand how our reality works.
Transcript of video: 
Greetings World, We are Anonymous.
For the last two months, we have been consistently reporting on a possible global conflict, World War 3 between the United States and its allies in the West, and Russia and its allies in the East.
The dispute on the South China Sea has severely damaged the United States relations with the Peoples Republic of China. After the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague ruled that China's nine-dash-line claim in the South China Sea, and its land reclamation activities on islets are invalid and unlawful, the United States has been preparing to sail in the area under a so-called Freedom of Navigation principle.
This has angered the Chinese. In August, the Chinese Defense Minister, Chang Wanquan told his country's citizens to prepare for, what he described as the peoples war at sea. Mr Wanquan was referring directly to the United States planned provocation under the pretext of Freedom of Navigation. China has since vowed to take all necessary measures available to protect its sovereignty over the South China Sea, revealing that it had the right to set up an air defense zone on the sea.
China has also since been positioning and testing its nuclear weapons, and planning military drills on its waters with Russia. Even the United States has confirmed that China has tested an Intercontinental Ballistic Missile, which is capable of striking everywhere in the world within half an hour.
Moving away from the South China Sea, we arrive in Syria. It is an open secret that the civil war in Syria is a proxy war between the United States and Russia. Russia has even intervened physically on the request of the Syrian government. The United States, unable to get any invitation, has been openly and secretly arming many rebel groups in the country, with open plans to overthrow the Syrian government.
Of course, since Russia honored the invitation of the Syrian government last year, the war has been turning in favor of the Syrian government, which was falling before Russia's intervention.
As we speak now, tension is mounting between the United States and Russia. Nerves are at their highest since the Cold War era. The United States, at the moment, is sitting on tenterhooks. Many officials in the president Obama administration are frustrated and confused regarding the situation in Syria.
The United States has announced that it has ended all contacts with Russia in Syria. This announcement by the United States comes as Russia, beginning on September. 22nd, intensified its military operations in Syria, with the intentions to capture the city of Aleppo for the Syrian government. Diplomatic efforts to put an end to the fighting in Syria, have collapsed.
As the Aleppo operation continues, Russia has given the United States a stern warning not to take any action against the Syrian government forces. In fact, there are many Russian jet fighters stationed in Syria, ready to shoot down any United States jet fighter that attempts to strike on the Syrian government forces.
These developments from Moscow are not going down easily with the United States. The United States Secretary of State, John Kerry, is said to have urged president Obama to intervene and face the consequences from Russia. He is said to have even favored a nuclear deterrent against Russia.
However, it appears that before Kerry could even make this suggestion to president Obama, the Russians had already gathered intelligence on the happenings within the White House. According to Zvezda, a Russian defense ministry Television channel, the country has started preparing its citizens for a possible nuclear war with the United States – because of the mounting tensions in Syria. Russia has since moved to deploy nuclear-capable Iskander missiles in its western-most region, Kaliningrad, which borders on NATO members of Poland and Lithuania.
Due to how the situation has become, some top officials at the United States defense headquarters have finally spoken. These Pentagon officials have admitted that World War 3 is imminent, and that its going to be deadly and fast. The military generals were speaking on a future-of-the-army panel in Washington.
'A conventional conflict in the near future will be extremely lethal and fast, and we will not own the stopwatch,” Major General William Hix said. General Hix also stated that China and Russia's armies are becoming increasingly technological, and that the Pentagon was getting ready for violence on the scale that the United States Army has not seen since Korea.
His comments were also echoed by lieutenant Gen Joseph Anderson and Chief of Staff, Gen Mark A. Milley, who described war between nation states as almost guaranteed. The generals also said apart from the conventional battle, cyber battle, too, has become a reality against the United States, revealing that even smaller nations are launching it against the country.
We are Anonymous.
We are Legion.
We do not forgive.
We do not forget.
Expect us.


ARTICLE

Via UsualRoutine 'There exists a shadowy government with its own Air Force, its own Navy, its own fundraising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of the national interest, free from all checks and balances, and free from the law itself.” – Senator Daniel K. Inouye, the highest-ranking Asian-American politician in United States history SPONSORED LINKS Scroll Down For Video Below 
One great way to find out is to follow the money, and in doing so, it becomes immediately apparent that corporations sit higher than the government itself. 
'It's corruption really, the might of money, the corporations that hold governments in their hands, because of lobbying power and so forth, it's really frightening.” – Jane Goodall ( source ) 
The recognition that we now live in a 'corporatocracy' rather than a democracy has become almost a commonplace for many people. Above the corporations (who continually require access to cheap money), however, are the big banks. These groups supply cheap loans to corporation, enabling them to maintain their lobbying power and thus their influence over governmental policy. The banks in question include Chase, Bank of America, and Goldman Sachs, to name a few. 
Above these big banks are the national central banks, like the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve. Above them still are the international central banks — the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank. And finally, above these two is the central bank of central banks, the Bank for International Settlements. 
The Rockefeller and Rothschild families are and have been involved with the creation of this system. If we follow the money, that is precisely where it leads. 
When it comes to the UFO phenomenon, we know that governments have been kept in the dark, that there are developments being made within the ' black budget ” world, most notably within unacknowledged and waived Special Access Programs (SAPs), that 'world leaders' know little about. 
'It is ironic that the U.S. would begin a devastating war, allegedly in search of weapons of mass destruction, when the most worrisome developments in this field are occurring in your own backyard. It is ironic that the U.S. should be fighting monstrously expensive wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, allegedly to bring democracy to those countries, when it itself can no longer claim to be called a democracy, when trillions, and I mean thousands of billions of dollars have been spent on projects about which both the Congress and the Commander in Chief have been kept deliberately in the dark.” – Paul Hellyer, Former Canadian Defence Minister ( source ) 
I think it is a fair assumption to say that information surrounding UFOs and extraterrestrials, along with this 'shadow” government, lies within the hands of those who sit atop these major financial institutions — a group of private, international elites. 
'A power has risen up in the government greater than the people themselves, consisting of many, and various, and powerful interests, combined into one mass, and held together by the cohesive power of the vast surplus in the banks.” ( source ) – John C. Calhoun, the 7th Vice President of the United States 
Today, we have no shortage of evidence for the existence of UFOs. In fact, the reality of these objects has been officially verified in the 'mainstream' world, as thousands of government documents have been released showing that there are objects in our atmosphere performing impossible maneuvers at unbelievable speeds. The Rockefeller Family and UFOs 
What evidence is available suggesting that the Rockefeller family had information regarding UFOs and possible extraterrestrials? 
We can start with the fact that we now know that Laurence Rockefeller, the prominent third-generation member of the Rockefeller family and the fourth child of John D. Rockefeller, encouraged UFO research. 
How do we know this? 
He heavily supported the work of Harvard University professor, psychologist, and Pultizer prize winner Dr. John Mack, who had a great interest in UFOs and those who have had supposed contact with extraterrestrials. You can learn more about Mack in an article we published earlier this year where he dealt with 60 school children who all witnessed non-human beings and a large craft landing. According to the US National Library of Medicine, Mack's 'disparate personas—from esteemed professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School to social activist and believer in alien abductions—were as incongruent as the extraordinary assemblage of his supporters, who included venture capitalist Laurence Rockefeller. . . .” ( source ) The John E. Mack Institute website also states that Rockefeller funded Mack. 
Peter Sturrock, an Emeritus Professor of Physics, gathered a group of other world-renowned scientists in 1997 to stress the fact that the UFO topic deserves serious attention and is accompanied by physical evidence. The scientists met at the Pocantico Conference Center near Trrytown, New York, and the conference was financially supported by Laurance Rockefeller. ( source )( source ) 
Laurence Rockefeller initiated an effort alongside Hilary Clinton and Bill Clinton encouraging the U.S. government to officially disclose the existence of extraterrestrials and UFOs. It's what's known today as the 'Rockefeller Initiative,” and you can view all of the documents to and from Laurence Rockefeller to various people regarding this initiative here . They were obtained through the Freedom of Information Act by various researchers, including the Paradigm Research group, who was responsible for the Citizens Hearing on Disclosure, an event that brought together researchers and high ranking military and political personnel to testify about the reality of UFOs and extraterrestrials in front of several former United States congresspeople. You can learn more about that here . ( source ). Laurence has also supported the work of Dr. Steve Greer, head of the disclosure project . 
HERE is a picture with Hillary Clinton meeting with Laurence Rockefeller, holding a book believed to be written by Paul Davies titled, 'Are We Alone?” You can see from the information above why it's not unreasonable to assume this, and we published an article earlier this year explaining how we determined the identity of the book. What's interesting about this point is the fact that John Podesta, Former White House Chief of Staff under the Clinton Administration, councillor to Barack Obama, and current head of Hilary Clinton's presidential campaign, has gone on the record stating that: 
I'm skeptical about many things, including the notion that government always knows best, and that the people can't be trusted with the truth. The time to pull the curtain back on this subject is long overdue. We have statements from the most credible sources – those in a position to know – about a fascinating phenomenon, the nature of which is yet to be determined. (taken from Leslie Kean's 2010 New York Times bestseller, UFOs: Generals, Pilots, And Government Officials Go On The Record, for which Podesta wrote the forward) 
Podesta also made a live appearance at the National Press Club years before this, stating that 'it's time to open the books on questions that've remained in the dark” regarding 'government investigations of UFOs.” ( source ) 
So What Exactly Does The Rockefeller Family Know About UFOs? 
As stated earlier, based on my research, I believe that the secrecy surrounding this subject has been dictated by a small group of elite who sit atop the global financial system. I believe this same international group has heavy influence inside the military industrial complex/ black budget , and I believe they are responsible for what President Eisenhower warned us about many years ago — 'the acquisition of unwarranted influence whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist.” 
I also believe that information regarding this subject could lie in the hands of people above those who control our global economy/financial systems — with a group that's completely, one hundred percent clandestine, even possibly beyond the big banks… but who really knows? 
That being said, it's only possible to find information linking Laurence Rockefeller to UFOs; we don't have much evidence to suggest his other family members have been involved, but it's not illogical to assume that given the fact that Anne Bartley, the stepdaughter of Winthorp Rockefeller, was also involved We know he has shown a clear interest in the subject, and, as illustrated above, financed a few prominent people who were studying the subject. It's clear that Laurence had a heavy interest in this subject and certainly encouraged the disclosure of classified information, as the above information demonstrates. Whether he was doing this out of pure interest or because he and his family were already involved in the cover-up is unclear. Who knows what information he was privy to? Or what the other members of his family knew about the subject? Laurence was the only one to openly take interest in it, but other members of his family could have been working behind the scenes. 
What are your thoughts?

ARTICLE

The Pentagon cannot account for $6.5 trillion dollars according to a new Department of Defense Inspector General's report– raising alarm bells not just because of the obvious lack of accountability and oversight, but because the last time the Pentagon 'lost' an enormous sum of money, 9/11 happened. 
Via UsualRoutine 

Donald Rumsfeld was due to testify about a missing $2.3 trillion before Congress on September 13 2001, however the case was put on hold after the events of September 11.
Scroll Down For Video Below The paper trail was destroyed when one side of the Pentagon was blown up, and the $2.3 trillion dollar case was brushed under the rubble. The new case of the missing trillions, and the combustible political climate in the U.S. in 2016, has left many commentators fearing that 'something big is about to happen again.”
Everyone knows by now that the US military has the largest budget on the planet. It's so large in fact, that it could pay for China's military budget 3 times over. Which has to make you wonder, where does all of that money go? You may think that question has an obvious answer, since we are aware of most of the military's weapon systems, personnel numbers, and equipment.
In reality, we don't know. And when I say we, I mean even our own government doesn't really know. In response to Congressional demands that the Pentagon provide a comprehensive audit of their finances for the first time, a Department of Defense Inspector General's report was published last week. It revealed that the Pentagon could not provide documentation pertaining to $6.5 trillion in transactions.
On top of that, the report showed that the Pentagon 'did not document or support why the Defense Departmental Reporting System . . . removed at least 16,513 of 1.3 million records during Q3 FY 2015. As a result, the data used to prepare the FY 2015 AGF third quarter and year-end financial statements were unreliable and lacked an adequate audit trail.” Sounds like the Pentagon is deliberately hiding some of their expenses, doesn't it?
Which wouldn't come as a surprise, since the Pentagon has been ignoring a federal law passed 20 years ago, which mandates regular audits for all government agencies. In that time, they've never once provided a good explanation for where their our money is spent. Is this money being burned up in fraud and waste, or are they spending it on clandestine activities that would outrage the American people? Since they never get in trouble for ignoring our auditing laws, we'll probably never know.


ARTICLE

Wikileaks showed that a company linked to George Soros has voting machines in 16 different states. SmartMatic on their own website says they have offered technology and support services to the Electoral Commissions of 307 counties in 16 States. 
Via EndBegins 

Wikileaks showed that a company linked to George Soros has voting machines in 16 different states. SmartMatic on their own website says they have offered technology and support services to the Electoral Commissions of 307 counties in 16 States:
Arizona California Colorado District of Columbia Florida Illinois Louisiana Michigan Missouri New Jersey Nevada Oregon Pennsylvania Virginia Washington Wisconsin In immediate lockstep, far-left liberal 'fact checking” website Snopes issued a swift 'denial” of the WikiLeaks revelation. You can read the entire WikiLeaks expose of SmartMatic here. SmartMatic, a UK based company, is a George Soros linked company that has provided voting technology in 16 states including battleground zones like Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Michigan, Nevada, Pennsylvania and Virginia.
'Those who cast the votes decide nothing. Those who count the votes decide everything.” – Joseph Stalin
The company was formed in 2000 and a Chavez campaign adviser was placed on the board as well.
The chairman of SmartMatic is Lord Mark Malloch-Brown, who sits in the British House of Lords and on the board of George Soros's Open Society Foundations. He was formerly the vice-chairman of Soros's Investment Funds and even the deputy secretary-general of the United Nations when he worked as chief of staff to Kofi Annan. According to Wikileaks documents Smartmatic machines were used to rig the 2004 Venezuela elections in favor of Marxist candidate Hugo Chavez.


ARTICLE

After earning millions for fighting Floyd Mayweather, the boxer and politician used a portion of his earnings to construct homes for 1,000 poor families in his hometown. Manny Pacquiao is more than a world-class athlete or a Filipino politician. He's a compassionate activist who paid for 1,000 homes to be built to help out underprivileged families in his hometown. 
Via Anonews 

Earlier this year, Pacquiao proclaimed his good deed on Facebook: 'I'm so happy giving this houses free to my constituents in Sarangani Province from my own pocket more than thousand families are the beneficiaries.”
The Star reports that the 'born-again Christian' was inspired to help poor families after duking it out with Floyd Mayweather. Though he lost the boxing match, he still earned millions of dollars in the 'fight of the century' and felt it was his duty to give back.
He wrote: 
'As faithful stewards of God's grace in its various forms, each of you should use whatever gift you have received to serve others. I'm still building more because I always believe what the bible says offer hospitality to one another without grumbling.”
The act of compassion could be nothing more than a calculated political move, but nonetheless, 1,000 families have secure living spaces thanks to the Senator's generosity. That, we believe, is worth celebrating.


ARTICLE

Email 
March 11, 2011: A massive earthquake of 9.0 magnitude struck off the coast of Japan, triggering a devastating tsunami, which left parts of the country in utter shambles. Official reports claim that 15,891 people lost their lives, 6,152 were injured and 2,584 were reported missing. 
Via Anonews SPONSORED LINKS 
This was the most powerful earthquake ever recorded to have struck Japan, and the fourth most powerful in the world, since modern record keeping began in 1900. [1] This earthquake was so intense in magnitude, that it shifted Honshu, the main island of Japan by an estimated eight feet and actually shifted the Earth's axis by between four and ten inches! Scroll Down For Videos Below 
Japan is a nation containing many nuclear reactors which produce roughly 30% of the nation's electricity. [3] The majority of operable nuclear reactors are right along the coast, in one of the most seismically active areas on the entire planet! Map which shows the locations of Japan's, reactor sights. Notice how they are along the coast, in perhaps the most seismically active location on the entire planet. 
The powerful tsunami caused complete devastation of three of the six nuclear reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi facility, the cores of which melted within the first three days. In November 2011, the Japanese Science Ministry reported that radioactive cesium had contaminated 11,580 square miles of the land surface of Japan, [4] with an additional 4,500 square miles contaminated. 
The destroyed reactor sites have been dumping hundreds of tons of radioactive waste into the Pacific Ocean, every single day for the past four years and the devastating results are now becoming plainly obvious. Radioactive cesium (an alkali metal) rapidly contaminates an ecosystem and poisons the entire food chain, and this waste offshoot has been detected in Japanese foodstuffs over a 200 mile radius of the Daiichi facility. [6] 
Cesium and other radioactive waste products are bioaccumulative, meaning that they accumulate in an organism at a rate faster than the organism can eliminate it. Of course the Japanese government and TEPCO (Tokyo Electric Power Company) have blatantly lied about the amount of radioactive waste that has been leaking into the Pacific, however, the devastating results have been impossible to ignore. 
I've wondered since the beginning of this disaster-which has already shown to be far worse that the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in the Ukraine, in 1986-why the world's top, leading scientists have not come together to figure out how to stop the leaking radiation. The reason is because no one knows how to deal with this catastrophe. 
In March of 2015, it was reported in the Times of London, that Akira Ono, the chief of the Fukushima power station admitted that the technology needed to decommission the three melted-down reactors does not exist, and he has no idea how it will be developed. [7] 
More recently, Naohiro Masuda, the decommissioning chief of the Fukushima Daiichi Decommissioning Company, also stated that the technology does not exist to remove the highly radioactive debris from the damaged reactors: 
Ono also claimed that decommissioning the plant by 2051 may be impossible without huge leaps in technological advancement. [8] It's also been estimated that plutonium fallout has been 70,000 times greater than atomic bomb fallout in Japan! [9] 
Japan has also seen a skyrocketing of childhood Cancer rates, particularly, thyroid Cancer. [10] As of August, 2013, TEPCO admitted that between '20 trillion to 40 trillion becquerels [11] of radioactive tritium may have leaked into the sea since the disaster.” [12] Since it's been shown over and again, that TEPCO repeatedly lied and covered up the true extent of the disaster, that number is most likely far greater. 
While official sources keep claiming that there is no danger from the leaking radiation, sea life all along the west coast of the US has been dying in alarming numbers, and many fish and sea creatures tested off the west coast have shown extremely high amounts of radioactivity, that far exceeds safe limits. In actuality though, there really are no 'safe” limits of radiation. 
The Japan Times reported on Feb 25 th , 2015, that cesium and other radioactive waste was pouring from the reactor one site, directly into the ocean. [13] TEPCO did nothing to prevent the leak and simply ignored the problem for close to a year! [14] 
There has been a massive die-off of marine life along the west coast of the US, which has scientists 'baffled.” Do you mean to tell me that scientists studying this death of the Pacific haven't taken into account the possibility that it could be caused by the hundreds of tons of nuclear waste that has been pouring into the Pacific each day for the last four years? So few dare to admit the extent of damage caused by this disaster or the fact that it is forcing us to face the possibility of our own extinction. What happens when the planet's largest body of water is rendered lifeless on a planet made up mostly of water? What happens when the radiation accumulates in the atmosphere and is spread throughout the world by the jet stream? Massive die-off of sea lions along the west coast has left scientists 'baffled.” Might it have something to do with the hundreds of tons of radioactive waste that has been pouring into the Pacific each day for four years? 
In 2013, the Huffington Post reported that massive amounts of krill washed up along the west coast in a 250 mile stretch from Oregon to California. [15] Krill is an essential part of the ocean's food chain. When marine life on the low end of the food chain dies off, the larger animals that feed on that marine life starve to death. Carcasses of dead sea lions and seals that were examined revealed high doses of radiation, [16] and yet, mainstream scientists remain 'baffled.” This dead sea lion showed extremely high levels of radiation near its heart and liver. The Pacific Ocean is dying at an alarming rate, and no one seems to notice it, or, they simply put on the blinders and embrace abject denial. 
It has also been widely reported that massive amounts of starfish have appeared along the west coast that have literally turned to mush. USA Today reported on this, [17] and of course they claim that no one knows why; it's a mystery. Might it have something to do with the fact that the Pacific has become a toxic, nuclear waste dump? Of course not, that's just crazy, paranoid, tin-foil-hat talk. The level of cognitive dissonance that ensnares the minds of most people is truly staggering to me. USA Today headline from Dec, 2013. No one knows why? Might it have something to do with the fact that the Pacific Ocean has become the world's largest, toxic waste dump? It's also been reported that 98% of the sea floor of the Pacific is covered with dead sea life. [18] Not surprisingly, mainstream scientists blame this massive death of the Pacific on global warming. 
'In the 24 years of this study, the past two years have been the biggest amounts of this detritus by far,” said marine biologist Christine Huffard, who works at the research station off of California. 'Multiple other stations throughout the Pacific have seen similarly alarming increases.” [19] 
The feeble efforts of TEPCO and the Japanese government to stop the radioactive leaks, with ice walls, dams, and other paltry, makeshift remedies have been in vain. Nobody knows how to contain the radioactive leaks, so the Japanese govt. and TEPCO do the next best thing; they lie about it and downplay the dangers. Business as usual! 
The head of the National Cancer Research Center in Japan, reported in Feb, 2015, that Cancer rates have skyrocketed by 6,000% and that it was being 'swept under the rug.” [20] It must be global warming causing this unprecedented rise in Cancer rates eh? In Jan, 2015, Japan's nuclear regulator approved TEPCO's ingenious plan to simply drain waste-water into the ocean. [21] 
In Nov, 2014, Ken Buesseler, of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution claimed: 
'My biggest concern is what's going on in Japan today, and how that might make its way across to our coast. We know it's still leaking because we're measuring higher levels off Japan to this day. Even just the basic question, ‘How much radioactivity was released at Fukushima ?' I can't answer that today. We may never be able to because of the lack of sampling, particularly in the ocean.” [22] 
An experienced, veteran sailor by the name of Ivan Macfadyen, who has sailed the Pacific taking part in races, stated in an interview that: 
'It's dead…for thousands of miles there was nothing [between US and Japan] like sailing in a dead sea…everything's all gone. Just talking about it makes me feel like I want to cry. No birds, no fish, no sharks, no dolphins, no turtles, nothing.” [23] 
This is the legacy that humanity is leaving for their posterity; a dead world. Humanity has allowed itself to be ruled by a ruthless, psychopathic gang of parasites whose greed and insatiable lust for power knows no bounds. There really is no one to blame but ourselves. The information in this article is not even a scratch in the surface of the true magnitude of this nuclear disaster. The radiation will bioaccumulate in the ocean and atmosphere for centuries to come. Mankind is staring our very extinction in the face. This is an opportunity for humanity to face the force of our own destructiveness, and to come together as one family. Unfortunately, the average person's thoughts seem to be firmly fixated on the sports scores, who's blowing who in the latest, celebrity scandal or the latest pop culture fad. Unfortunately, the world's masses suffer from a serious condition known as, Rectal-Cranial Inversion! 
Let us also not forget the Deepwater Horizon disaster that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico, on April 20, 2010. Massive amounts of oil leaked into the gulf, and in the subsequent cleanup attempt, the well was capped which caused a crack in the seabed, causing extreme amounts of oil to pour into the gulf, killing marine life in droves and destroying the fishing industry in that region. A highly toxic and controversial dispersant called Corexit was dumped into the sea, and the results have been catastrophic. 
Fishermen have reported sea creatures being caught in the gulf that had lesions on their bodies and all sorts of other anomalies including mutated sea life, eyeless shrimp and ulcers Related Items:

ARTICLE

Email 
Julian Assange claims that Hillary Clinton's campaign used hackers to attack WikiLeaks' servers. WikiLeaks' editor-in-chief says that despite the Ecuadorian embassy shutting down its internet to stop accusations of interference in U.S. elections, his organisation will keep on publishing until the elections are over. 
Via YourNewsWire SPONSORED LINKS 
'Everyday that you publish is a day that you have the initiative in the conflict,” Assange said via telephone at a conference in Argentina on Wednesday. Scroll Down For Video Below! 
The whistleblowing website has been releasing emails from Clinton's campaign chair, John Podesta, on a daily basis since early October. Assange claimed the release 'whipped up a crazed hornet's nest atmosphere in the Hillary Clinton campaign” leading them to attack WikiLeaks. 
'They attacked our servers and attempted hacking attacks and there is an amazing ongoing campaign where state documents were put in the UN and British courts to accuse me of being both a Russian spy and a pedophile,” he added. 
Ecuador's decision to shut down his internet was described by Assange as a 'strategic position” so that its 'policy of non-intervention can't be misinterpreted by actors in the US and even domestically in Ecuador.” He said he was sympathetic with Ecuador, insisting they face the dilemma of having the US interfere with their elections next year if they appear to interfere with the US elections next month. MORE: #WikiLeaks has activated contingency plans after #Assange 's internet link was intentionally cut off https://t.co/octsMseme1 
— RT (@RT_com) October 17, 2016 
Assange, who claimed the embassy will be without internet until the election is over to avoid accusations of interference, said he did not agree with Ecuador's decision but did understand it. WikiLeaks will not be affected by the decision as they do not publish from Ecuador, he said. 
He did, however, reject the idea that WikiLeaks is interfering with the US election, claiming, 'this is not the interference of electoral process, this is the definition of electoral process – for media organizations and, in fact, everyone to publish the truth and their opinion about what is occurring. It cannot be a free and informed election unless people are free to inform.” 
He also attacked US TV networks, many of whom he accused of being 'controlled by Clinton supporters.' We were fastest on #Podestaemails6 , faster than @wikileaks , and the US conspiracy machine can't handle it https://t.co/njAae50qDd 
— RT (@RT_com) October 13, 2016 
The Podesta emails will make no difference to the election result, according to Assange. 'I don't think there's any chance of Donald Trump winning the election, even with the amazing material we are publishing, because most of the media organizations are strongly aligned with Hillary Clinton,” he said. 
Assange said journalists and people who work in the media are predominantly middle class and view Trump as representing 'what in their mind is white trash.”

ARTICLE

The World Health Organization (WHO) have told scientists to stay silent on documents relating to the cancer-causing dangers associated with glyphosate. 
Via YourNewsWire 
In a letter, officials from the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) warned scientists against disclosing information from a 2015 study that suggests that Monsanto's weedkiller Roundup is carcinogenic.
The WHO's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) distributed a report in early 2015 calling the weed killer 'probably carcinogenic.” Makers of the product say the claim is false, citing their own research into the product.
Since then, several groups using Freedom of Information Laws have asked for documents related to how the IARC decision was made, including scientists on the panel that live and work in the U.S. at U.S. institutions. In response, the WHO said those documents pertaining to glyphosate research are private and its own property.
Reuters reports some parties are considering a lawsuit seeking to clarify whether that's the case and if it's subject to U.S. FOIA laws. Glyphosate is the key ingredient of Roundup, which is sold by Monsanto.


ARTICLE

The Clinton campaign have found a way to rig voting machines in order to commit election fraud, and America is completely clueless. 
Via YourNewsWire 
Dominion Voting Systems, the biggest voting machine owner in the United States, has been Exposed donating to the Clinton Foundation, and has close ties to George Soros.
In 2010 Dominion Voting Machines bought out the right to own the machines in 600 jurisdictions across 22 different states, according to Wikipedia.

The same company, Dominion Voting, has also been exposed donating enough money to the Clinton Foundation to make it to their online donor list. Is it any wonder voters have already started reporting that some machines are flipping their votes?
How blatant is that! Just take a look at the Clinton Foundation's website itself.

Wow. That is just such a strange coincidence, don't you think? Right around the same time Hillary Clinton was deciding to retire as Secretary of State and focus on her campaign, this company bought out half the voting machines in the country. And if that is not bad enough, one of the top owners of Dominion Voting is none other than the king of corruption himself, George Soros.
But it gets even worse. 
Dominion Voting Systems and The Clinton Foundation did a 2.25 million dollar charity initiative in developing nations together called the DELIAN Project.
'In 2014, Dominion Voting committed to providing emerging and post-conflict democracies with access to voting technology through its philanthropic support to the DELIAN Project, as many emerging democracies suffer from post-electoral violence due to the delay in the publishing of election results. Over the next three years, Dominion Voting will support election technology pilots with donated Automated Voting Machines (AVM), providing an improved electoral process, and therefore safer elections.”
This presents a very troubling conflict of interest. Most Americans would certainly agree that voting machines should have zero connection to presidential candidates and their foundations.
As we previously reported , the Democratic primaries were essentially rigged. So why wouldn't the general U.S. election potentially be manipulated in favor of the elite's preferred candidate? If you think this is as important of information as I do, then share this out immediately. Time is of the essence.


ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton spent a whole afternoon drunk and unresponsive while her campaign staff tried to reach her, a new WikiLeaks email reveals. 
Via YourNewsWire 
An Aug. 8, 2015, email exchange with the subject 'Have you sent her the docs?” between campaign chairman John Podesta and top aide Jennifer Palmieri revealed the two discussing whether to call Hillary and 'sober her up some.”
John Podesta also suggested Hillary's judgement might be impaired considering her drunken state. 'Should I call her and talk this through or better leave with you?” Podesta asked at 2 p.m.
'I'm worried she'll get on with Cheryl [Mills] and we'll end up in a bad place.” Two hours later Palmieri decided it was time drunk Hillary was roused from her unresponsive state. 'I think you should call her and sober her up some,” she said.

Is Hillary Clinton's judgement impaired due to her daytime consumption of alcohol?


ARTICLE

Via UsualRoutine SPONSORED LINKS 
They will simply point to the seizure of the Crimea and the Russian military's continuing support for the rebels in eastern Ukraine as a sure sign of Moscow's growing assertiveness. Mr.Putin also says that the Russian military threat is being exaggerated in the West to justify increased military spending. 
Well there is certainly a good deal of hyperbole in some sections of the Western media. The transit of the small naval task force led by Russia's sole and ageing aircraft carrier – the Admiral Kuznetsov – through the English Channel, for example, sent many British newspapers into a spin. Not a new Cold War 
Frequent stories about the interception of Russian aircraft or Russian submarines all suggest a return to the more uneasy years of the Cold War. Russia has shown in the recent past that it is sometimes ready to use force in Europe to secure its goals Nato defence chiefs in Brussels want to reassure worried alliance members and send a clear message to Moscow that they can respond to aggression The recent transit of a small naval task force led by the Admiral Kuznetsov (above) through the English Channel sent many British newspapers into a spin 
The simple fact is that this is not a Cold War Mark II – far from it. Russia with its declining economy is nothing like the Soviet Union, which aspired to establish a different world order to that pursued by the capitalist West. Russia is in many ways a weak country. Its leadership has a strong sense of encirclement – a view that the West is only eager to do it down – and, rightly or wrongly, this is driving Mr Putin's more assertive approach. 
That is what is making Nato allies like the three Baltic Republics and Poland so worried. That is why countries like Romania and Bulgaria worry about Russia's behaviour in the Black Sea region. And that is why Nato has sought to provide visible and highly symbolic reinforcements to its northern and south-eastern flanks. Hard times 
But Nato has to square a circle here. Despite Mr Putin's barbs, there is no great enthusiasm for a new conventional arms race. Nato says it is responding to the threat posed by Russia through deterrence Canadian Defence Minister Harjit Singh Sajjan argues the Nato alliance is coming together and operating with greater cohesion. The economies of the European allies, for a start, are generally not in great shape. Indeed Europe is distracted by the migrant crisis sweeping in from the Middle East and the self-inflicted drama of Britain's planned exit from the EU. 
So the problem here in Brussels has been to do enough both to reassure worried Nato members and to send a clear message of deterrence towards Moscow. The Americans are sending a heavy armoured brigade to western Europe, bringing the total number of US Brigade combat teams on the continent to three. 
The new brigade will initially go to Poland and then elements will deploy to Romania, Bulgaria and the three Baltic republics. Equipment for a further US brigade will be pre-deployed in Europe. But the whole point of sending a signal of deterrence is not that the US shoulders all of the burden but that as many Nato countries as possible are involved. Still in business 
The method of doing this is by the deployment of four multi-national battalions – one to each of the Baltic republics and the other to Poland. Each of these units will be about 1,000 strong, comprising in most cases mechanised infantry, with a few supporting arms. The UK, for example, will lead the battalion going to Estonia. 
It will have Warrior armoured fighting vehicles, a small number of tanks and additional companies of French and Danish troops. The US will lead the battalion going to Poland, along with a small number of British and Romanian soldiers. Canada and Germany will lead the remaining two battalions again with small additions to give them a multi-national character. 
Canada's Minister of National Defence, Harjit Sajjan, told me his country would be commanding the battalion going to Latvia. In his view, the deployment of these multi-national units early next year demonstrates the alliance 'coming together, showing the ability to operate together and greater cohesion”. 'It is”, he said, 'an open and transparent message of deterrence.” 
But the reassurance effort is not just northwards. Canada will be participating in a new air policing operation in the south-east – probably based out of Romania – and a Canadian warship will also be dispatched to the Black Sea to help provide an enhanced Nato presence. But I put it to him that in practice these are very small forces. Enhanced battalions are surely not going to impress Moscow? Not surprisingly the Canadian defence minister disagreed, insisting that the multi-national model sent 'a very strong message to Russia”. 
Nato is taking small military steps to underline to Moscow that it still is very much in business and that despite all the clouds on Europe's horizons it can make decisions swiftly and deploy forces accordingly. Of course, there is political and military theatre in all of this. This is not a Cold War Mark II but it is a sign of an increasingly assertive Russia Are Russian tank armies ready to sweep westwards, as they were at the height of the Cold War? Probably not. But is Russia ready to use force in Europe, where it can to secure its goals? Most certainly. Countries like Georgia and Ukraine still have far more to fear from Moscow than Nato. 
But the alliance's security rests upon meaningful guarantees that its member states are all in it together, both in good and bad times. This week has been about consolidating and underlining those guarantees – the message to Moscow is clear.

ARTICLE

Serena Shim is an American citizen of Lebanese descent who was born near Detroit. Shim worked for Iranian broadcaster Press TV as a foreign correspondent covering wars, legitimate protests and fake uprisings in multiple countries. 
Via AnonHQ 

She reported live from Syria, Iraq, Turkey, and Lebanon during the conflict since 2011, including in the critical region of Daraa during the beginning of protests, which are misrepresented by American media as the reasons for the fake civil war. Serena Shim was killed two years ago on October 19, 2014, in Turkey while reporting on the intense battle for the Syrian border city of Kobani which was the focus of international media attention. She was 29 when she died.
Scroll Down For Video Below! The city of Kobani, which has one of Turkey's major border crossings with Syria, because it was under threat of being completely captured by the Islamic State. The US was forced to respond because Islamic State grew out of control and threatened the border stability of Turkey, and it became the first major area bombed during the US campaign in Syria.
The US and Turkey were also arguing over Washington's plan to arm Kurdish fighters on the Syrian side of the border and how to allow Kurds from Iraq to support the effort by crossing through Turkey. On the day she was killed, the US began operations to airdrop weapons to the Kurds. Less than two days later, Islamic State fighters released a video showing the capture of an American weapons cache airdropped near the city. The video received international media attention which led the Pentagon to admit the weapons mistakenly reached ISIL terrorists.
It is claimed she was killed in a car accident with a cement truck. However, physical details about the case raise questions about the official explanation by Turkish officials. There are also conflicting stories about the timeline after her death and before the family received her body, which indicate actions by the government of Turkey and possibly the United States.
Two days before her death, Serena Shim reported on live international television that Turkish intelligence services were planning to arrest her for questioning on the suspicion her being a spy. The day after her death, US officials denied releasing any information it had about whether the US government was aware of Turkey's plans. State Department officials told WTF News it would be December 2017 before a Freedom of Information Act request could be completed for information on what actions were taken by them to assist her as a US citizen.
Serena Shim conducted an undercover investigation in Turkey and Syria lasting multiple months during 2012 as she spoke fluent Arabic. Her report aired on Press TV beginning in December 2012. The issues listed below are topics she reported on first or experienced in person before they were reported by major media outlets. US officials continue to hide her death and not a single major media outlet in America reported on her death at the time despite the fact that she was popular in America and the Middle East.
1. HILLARY CLINTON'S EMAILS PROVE THE US STATE DEPT AND WHITE HOUSE KNEW SAUDI ARABIA AND QATAR ARE FUNDING ISLAMIC STATE 
Clinton admitted, in an email conversation from August 2014 obtained by Wikileaks, that US allies Saudi Arabia and Qatar were sending money and weapons to ISIL. August 2014 was the height of terror during Islamic State's rise, leading to the growing international media outrage which forced President Obama to publicly announce the beginning of airstrikes against ISIL in Syria on September 23, 2014.
THE FREE THOUGHT PROJECT 
'While this military/para-military operation is moving forward, we need to use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets to bring pressure on the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region.” 
'The Qataris and Saudis will be put in a position of balancing policy between their ongoing competition to dominate the Sunni world and the consequences of serious U.S. pressure.” 
The business newspaper Financial Times reported that Prince Saud al-Faisal admitted Saudi Arabia created and funded Islamic State as a response to the US supporting Shia powers in Iraq. The FT also reported in 2013that Qatar had already spent $3 billion on funding the opposition.
America's top military official General Martin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, was asked 'Do you know any major Arab ally that embraces ISIL?” by Republican Senator Lindsay Graham. 'I know major Arab allies who fund them,” replied Dempsey.
2. THE UNITED STATES WANTED THE ISLAMIC STATE TO GROW, AS PROVED BY LEAKED INTELLIGENCE DOCUMENTS 
The rapid growth of the Islamic State was not an accident, and many observers of the conflict questioned the US commitment to fighting terrorism as they ignored the group's rise. Since the start of the armed conflict in 2011, United States officials including Hillary Clinton have publicly stated that their solution to stop the war is to replace Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other government leaders. The public policy of the United States has been to support what the US calls moderate opposition groups under the name Free Syrian Army (FSA) with the goal of having them weaken the government forces.
That strategy changed in mid-2012 as news reports confirmed these rebels were committing war crimes by killing civilians and executing soldiers. One of the largest factions Al Nusra was specifically identified as a terrorist group in December 2012. At the same time, the Islamic State (known as Al Qaeda in Iraq) was growing in Syria and had become a dominant force by 2013. The Islamic State grew in Syria for almost two years before the US announced it would take military action in September 2014. The intelligence report was dated August 2012 confirms the US government would have known about this threat for two years.
JUDICIAL WATCH 'If the situation unravels, there is the possibility of establishing a declared or undeclared Salafist Principality in eastern Syria (Hasaka and Der Zor), and this is exactly what the supporting powers to the opposition want, in order to isolate the Syrian regime, which is considered the strategic depth of the Shia expansion (Iraq and Iran).”Syria has been fought over for two separate gas pipeline projects, a pipeline from Qatar rejected by Assad for one from Iran. The second pipeline is a Russian plan to connect with Turkey to deliver gas to Europe; the deal was finalized less than two weeks ago.


ARTICLE

Complaining about Western 'hysteria” surrounding repeated predictions of Russian military attacks on NATO member nations, Russian President Vladimir Putin sought to resolve two solid years of predictions to that effect with a straightforward assurance that 'Russia is not going to attack anyone.” 
Via AntiMedia 

Putin accused Western nations of having 'mythical, dreamt-up problems,” and insisted the idea that Russia was going to attack the West was 'simply stupid and unrealistic.” He added that he believes the idea is being played up to justify bigger military spending.
The Russian president also sought to dismiss allegations that he is plotting to rig the US elections to his own benefit, noting that the US is a great power and not some banana republic with an easily manipulated political system. Russia has repeatedly denied involvement in such plots.
NATO has played up the Russian threat to justify sending over 40,000 ground troops to the Russian border, with ever-growing numbers announced all the time. Such predictions started after the ouster of a pro-Russian government in Ukraine led to a civil war in that country's east, with NATO military leaders repeatedly predicting Russian tanks rolling across Ukraine into NATO countries.


ARTICLE

Email 
FBI Director James Comey said Friday that investigators had found new emails related to the bureau's previously closed inquiry into Hillary Clinton's handling of classified information, restarting a long-simmering debate over the Democratic nominee's conduct as secretary of State in the closing days of a presidential campaign that Clinton appeared to be putting away. 
Via USAToday SPONSORED LINKS 
In a letter to senior lawmakers explaining his decision, Comey said 'the FBI cannot yet assess” whether the information is 'significant” nor could he offer a timetable for how long it will take investigators to make an assessment. Scroll Down For Video Below 
But an official familiar with the matter said Friday that the new materials, perhaps thousands of emails, were discovered in the ongoing and separate investigation into sexually charged communications between former New York congressman Anthony Weiner and a 15-year-old girl. Comey was briefed on the findings in recent days, resulting in the director's notification to Congress, said the official who is not authorized to discuss the matter publicly. 
The emails were discovered in a search of a device or devices used by Weiner, who is separated from longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Abedin also had access to the same device or devices. The official said it was not likely that the FBI's review of the additional emails could be completed by Election Day. 
In a brief news conference in Iowa on Friday evening, Clinton said, 'The American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately,” a position earlier outlined in a statement from her campaign chairman, John Podesta. The Democratic nominee called on the FBI 'to release all the information that it has.” 
'As you know I've had plenty of words about the FBI lately, but I give them great credit for having the courage to right this horrible wrong. Justice will prevail,” Donald Trump said at a campaign rally in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Thursday night. During a speech in New Hampshire earlier in the day, the Republican presidential nominee gleefully discussed the 'breaking news announcement.” 
'Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale we have never seen before,” Trump said, and her 'criminal scheme” should not be allowed in the Oval Office. 'Perhaps justice will be done,” the GOP nominee said of the development. In his statement, Podesta demanded that the FBI director 'provide the American public more information than is contained in the letter” to lawmakers. 
'Upon completing this investigation more than three months ago, FBI Director Comey declared no reasonable prosecutor would move forward with a case like this and added that it was not even a close call,” Podesta said. 'In the months since, Donald Trump and his Republican allies have been baselessly second-guessing the FBI and, in both public and private, browbeating the career officials there to revisit their conclusion in a desperate attempt to harm Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. 
'It is extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a presidential election,” Podesta added. Speaking to reporters aboard Air Force One Friday, White House spokesman Eric Schultz said nothing had 'surfaced to change the president's opinion and views of Secretary Clinton.” 
'He's going to be proud to support her from now until Election Day,” Schultz said. In July, Comey announced that while Clinton and her aides during her tenure as secretary of State had been 'extremely careless” in the way they'd handled classified information, he recommended that no criminal charges be filed. 
In her press conference Friday, Clinton said she was 'confident” whatever is included in the new messages under review 'will not change the conclusion reached in July.” In July, Comey testified before skeptical Republican lawmakers to explain the bureau's recommendation, which had been adopted by Attorney General Loretta Lynch. 
'We're mystified and confused by the fact pattern you laid out and the conclusion you reached,” House Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told Comey. Comey, however, was unequivocal in maintaining that the conclusion of investigators was not a close call. 
'There is no way anybody would bring a case against John Doe or Hillary Clinton for the second time in 100 years based on those facts,” he told the House panel on July 7. Trump has cited the closed FBI probe as evidence that the election was 'rigged” against him, and at a recent debate the GOP nominee said that, if he's elected president, he would appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton. 
Following Comey's announcement Friday, Republicans blasted the Democratic presidential nominee. 'Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame,” said House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin. 
'This decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators,” Ryan said in a statement, adding that he was again calling for Clinton to no longer receive classified briefings, a traditional courtesy afforded major-party presidential nominees. 
Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said the timing of the decision, so soon before the election, demonstrated 'how serious this discovery must be.” Trump's campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, wrote on Twitter that 'a great day in our campaign just got even better.” A great day in our campaign just got even better. FBI reviewing new emails in Clinton probe @CNNPolitics https://t.co/WBltG2lAK6 
— Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) October 28, 2016 
Meanwhile, Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California said in a statement that 'without knowing how many emails are involved, who wrote them, when they were written or their subject matter, it's impossible to make any informed judgment on this development.” 
She added: ” The FBI has a history of extreme caution near Election Day so as not to influence the results. Today's break from that tradition is appalling.” 
House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi accused Republicans of attempting to 'misrepresent” the FBI's work. 'Sadly but predictably, Republicans are doing their best to … warp the FBI's work to serve their partisan conspiracy-mongering against Hillary Clinton,” Pelosi said. 
The uncertainty of what the new FBI review will yield, and when it will be completed, leaves open the question of how much of an impact it will have on the presidential campaign, as Trump looks to mount what would be a historic comeback, as polls show him trailing nationally and in key battleground states. 
'Unless the FBI closes this new investigation one way or the other next week, the likely impact will be to cut into Clinton's margin, with the bigger effect being on down-ballot races than on the outcome of the presidential election,” said Patrick Murray, director of the Monmouth University Polling Institute, in an emailed statement. 
Whatever the long-term impact, the short-term jolt to Trump and his supporters, at least, seemed clear. 
In his New Hampshire speech, the GOP nominee suggested the rest of his message for the day would no longer matter as much, given the FBI announcement. 'The rest of my speech is going to be so boring,” he joked.

ARTICLE

Email Exactly five years ago, Libya's ex-leader Colonel Muammar Gaddafi was brutally murdered by rebels who discovered him in drainage pipes following a NATO air strike that hit his convoy on the outskirts of his hometown, Sirte. The following day, his body was put on display in a storage freezer in the city of Misrata. Via CollectiveEvolution 
This probed a controversial response from then U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who remarked, 'We came, we saw, he died.” On April 2, 2011, she received an email from Sidney Blumenthal, who served as her unofficial intelligence operative. The message discussed France's reasoning for joining the war against Gaddafi in Libya. Blumenthal wrote in the email that Gaddafi had 'nearly bottomless financial resources” for pursuing his campaign against the rebels. And while Libya's frozen bank accounts had become an obstacle, he still had nearly 143 tons of gold and a similar amount in silver that accumulated to a total of $7 billion. SPONSORED LINKS Scroll Down For Video Below! 
The email goes on to say that Gaddafi had taken the gold before the rebellion in order to 'establish a pan-African currency based on the Libyan golden Dinar.” The idea was apparently to present a currency in the African region in order to compete with the French Franc. Blumenthal said, 'French intelligence officers discovered this plan shortly after the current rebellion began, and this was one of the factors that influenced President Nicolas Sarkozy's decision to commit France to the attack on Libya.” 
Just months later, on October 20, 2011, Gaddafi was murdered . Now, five years later, the once successful Arab country is in a state of chaos filled with tribal wars, leading to tens of thousands of Libyans dead, and displacing hundreds of thousands more. Gaddafi's death immediately led to an intense power struggle that turned into a civil war. Ultimately, Islamic militant and terrorist groups, like ISIS, carried out attacks on Libyan oil and other important groundwork. 
Gaddafi had, prior to his reign, advocated socialist ideas. Upon graduating from a military academy in Benghazi, he joined a plot to throw out King Idris I, which eventually happened in September 1969, leading to Gaddafi being promoted to Colonel, and his officers taking on a grand campaign to overturn Western capitalism. British and U.S. military bases in Libya were then closed down, and Western oil companies were immediately nationalized. 
Gaddafi promised to rule out corruption and enact serious changes in the country's social, economic, and political life. He created the Jamahiriya, which is an Arabic term that translates to 'state of the masses.” His republic vowed to incorporate anarchist, Marxist, and Islamist practices. 
By March 1977, Gaddafi called for a 'people's republic” referred to as the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya. Gaddafi served as president, banning all political organizations, with the exception of his devised Arab Socialist Union. 
By 1979, Gaddafi resigned in order to work for a 'continuation of the revolution,” and changed his title to the Leader of the Revolution. The government took advantage of oil money to create extensive and seemingly outlandish social reforms. He proposed that women be allowed to study, serve in the army, and move up the social ladder, for instance. 
The West and conservative Arab countries remained hesitant of the successful and passionate leader, and remained hands-off until the 2011 region was hit with Arab Spring 'revolutions.” 
The protests-turned-armed-conflict in Libya came about in February 2011, with people demanding Gaddafi to resign after 40 years of ruling the Libyan Arab Republic. Eventually, opponents gained control over almost all of Libya. On March 17, 2011, the U.S. and Western allies proposed a settlement by the UN Security Council that implemented a no-fly zone over Libya which caused Western airstrikes on Gaddafi's forces. Gaddafi was accused of bombing his own people, and using foreign mercenaries to halt anti-government protests. 
On March 19, 2011, NATO airstrikes commenced, led by France, and then followed by the US, the UK, and several other countries. NATO jets eventually targeted Gaddafi's home on April 29, where he survived, but his youngest son and three children were killed. 
On June 27, the International Criminal Court granted a request to issue a warrant for the arrest of Gaddalfi, as well as his son, Saif al-Islam. 
By August 21, rebel fighters from Libya's National Transitional Council bombarded the capital Tripoli to take over the government compound. Gaddafi refused to back down and leave the capital, and called for his loyalists to fight until the bitter end. By the 23, NTC fighters had overrun Tripoli, and taken Gaddafi's reign out from underneath him. This caused Gaddafi and his loyalists to flee the capital 10 days later, ending up in his hometown of Sirte. 
Throughout September 2011, Gaddafi loyalists were overrun, and by October, all of Sirte had been captured by the rebels, except for a northern neighborhood referred to as Number Two, where Gaddafi was hiding out. But by October 20, the Libyan rebels had pinpointed Gaddafi's location there. 
With Tripoli in ruins, and Number Two under attack, Gaddafi's life seemed a ticking time bomb. That day, the once leader was injured from a NATO air attack, but many others were killed. Gaddafi sought refuge in a nearby drainage facility along with some of his closest aids. 
His hideout was soon discovered by a unit of the National Transitional Council, who then assaulted him, including sexually, and then took him prisoner, and are believed to have tortured and killed both him and his son before they were murdered.

ARTICLE

Email 
NASA's space cameras have accidentally filmed another unidentified flying object (UFO) travelling out of earth's atmosphere. The question is why did the space agency not turn off the live feed or try to cover up, as it usually does with UFOs and aliens? 
Via YourNewsWire SPONSORED LINKS 
A disk-shaped UFO appears in the video giving support to the theory that extraterrestrial beings and their crafts are continuously visiting earth. Scroll Down For Video Below 
Ever since the footage was uploaded to YouTube, it generated great controversy both among those who support the idea that it might be an extraterrestrial object, as among those who are completely skeptical of the subject, and as a joke suggest that 'UFO's that are planning on entering our air space should be registered and pay taxes.” 
The truth is that on many occasions only fragments of videos in which these mystery objects are visible are released. However, the fact that NASA interrupts its live feed transmissions is what arouses more suspicion among those who are eager to find new evidence of the existence of alien life, UFO's and how we are all part of a massive conspiracy. 
One user wrote on YouTube: 'The question isn't 'is this an alien spacecraft?”, but actually 'Why NASA didn't cut or blur this video as they always do with other strange sights?” According to many people, in today's era, it isn't a question anymore whether or not UFO's are real. 

In fact, if we look back into the past we will see numerous fascinating statements made by former astronauts, military officials and scientists about Alien life and the existence of UFOs. 
Here are only a few: 
'Intelligent beings from other star systems have been and are visiting our planet Earth. They are variously referred to as Visitors, Others, Star People, Et's, etc…They are visiting Earth now; this is not a matter of conjecture or wistful thinking.” – Theodor C. Loder III, Ph.D., Professor Emeritus of Earth Sciences, University of New Hampshire. 
We cannot address the UFO phenomena without mentioning Dr. Edgar Mitchel, one of the best-known Apollo astronauts and the sixth man to walk on the moon; a retired Captain in the US Navy, aeronautical engineer and founder of the Institute of Noetic Sciences (IONS) who had much to say about Alien life: 
'I happen to be privileged enough to be in on the fact that we have been visited on this planet, and the UFO phenomenon is real…Yes, there have been crashed craft, and bodies recovered. We are not alone in the universe; they have been coming here for a long time.” 
Franklin Story Musgrave, an American Physician, retired NASA astronaut who worked on the design and development of the Skylab Program and the only astronaut to have flown missions on all five Space Shuttles had very interesting things to say about life elsewhere in the cosmos: 
'Statistically it's a certainty there are hugely advanced civilizations, intelligence, life forms out there. I believe they're so advanced that they're even doing interstellar travel. I believe it's possible that they even came here. It's logical to presume the universe must have other life in it and by virtue of association that we could be visited at some point.”

ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton has cancelled all upcoming campaign events following the FBI's announcement that they are reopening their email server investigation. 
Via YourNewsWire 
The reopening of the case has sent the Clinton campaign into complete chaos, according to reports . According to 'Citizens for Trump” Special Projects Director Jack Posobiec, Hillary is looking to get out of the media spotlight for a while.
Hillary has cancelled all campaign events in FL, OH, and NC
— Jack Posobiec (@JackPosobiec) October 29, 2016 

In a tweet, he stated: 'Hillary has cancelled all campaign events in FL, OH, and NC.” The Clinton campaign want to focus on states that Hillary lost serious ground in – like Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Virginia, and Michigan.
Has the latest email scandal finally brought Hillary to her knees? Will there even be an election on November 8th, or will we be watching Hillary Clinton go on trial? It seems like anything is possible right now.


ARTICLE

Donald Trump, as usual, knows what he's talking about when it comes to a rigged system with a rigged election. Today's story brings you a never-heard-before audio tape of then Sen. Clinton talking about rigging the elections in Palestine to ensure the outcome preferred by the United States government. 
Via NowEndBegins 

Looks like Crooked Hillary thinks nothing of rigging an election – any election – to suit her personal purposes. 'I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,” said Sen. Clinton. 'And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.”
Scroll Down For Video Below On September 5, 2006, Eli Chomsky was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press, and Hillary Clinton was running for a shoo-in re-election as a U.S. senator. Her trip making the rounds of editorial boards brought her to Brooklyn to meet the editorial board of the Jewish Press.
The tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Chomsky, his old-school audio cassette is the only existent copy and no one has heard it since 2006, until today when he played it for the Observer.
The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, such as analysis of the re-election battle that Sen. Joe Lieberman was then facing in Connecticut. But a seemingly throwaway remark about elections in areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority has taken on new relevance amid persistent accusations in the presidential campaign by Clinton's Republican opponent Donald Trump that the current election is 'rigged.”
Speaking to the Jewish Press about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats).
'I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,” said Sen. Clinton. 'And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.”
CHOMSKY RECALLS BEING TAKEN ABACK THAT 'ANYONE COULD SUPPORT THE IDEA—OFFERED BY A NATIONAL POLITICAL LEADER, NO LESS—THAT THE U.S. SHOULD BE IN THE BUSINESS OF FIXING FOREIGN ELECTIONS.” Some eyebrows were also raised when then-Senator Clinton appeared to make a questionable moral equivalency.
Regarding capturing combatants in war—the June capture of IDF soldier Gilad Shalit by Hamas militants who came across the Gaza border via an underground tunnel was very much front of mind—Clinton can be heard on the tape saying, 'And then, when, you know, Hamas, you know, sent the terrorists, you know, through the tunnel into Israel that killed and captured, you know, kidnapped the young Israeli soldier, you know, there's a sense of like, one-upsmanship, and in these cultures of, you know, well, if they captured a soldier, we've got to capture a soldier.”
Equating Hamas , which to this day remains on the State Department's official list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations, with the armed forces of a close American ally was not what many expected to hear in the Jewish Press editorial offices, which were then at Third Avenue and Third Street in Brooklyn. (The paper's office has since moved to the Boro Park section of Brooklyn.) The use of the phrase 'these cultures” is also a bit of a head-scratcher.
According to Chomsky, Clinton was 'gracious, personable and pleasant throughout” the interview, taking about an hour to speak to, in addition to himself, managing editor Jerry Greenwald, assistant to the publisher Naomi Klass Mauer, counsel Dennis Rapps and senior editor Jason Maoz.
Another part of the tape highlights something that was relatively uncontroversial at the time but has taken on new meaning in light of the current campaign—speaking to leaders with whom our country is not on the best terms. Clinton has presented a very tough front in discussing Russia, for example, accusing Trump of unseemly ardor for strongman Vladimir Putin and mocking his oft-stated prediction that as president he'd 'get along” with Putin.
Chomsky is heard on the tape asking Clinton what now seems like a prescient question about Syria, given the disaster unfolding there and its looming threat to drag the U.S., Iran and Russia into confrontation.
'Do you think it's worth talking to Syria—both from the U.S. point [of view] and Israel's point [of view]?”
Clinton replied, 'You know, I'm pretty much of the mind that I don't see what it hurts to talk to people. As long as you're not stupid and giving things away. I mean, we talked to the Soviet Union for 40 years. They invaded Hungary, they invaded Czechoslovakia, they persecuted the Jews, they invaded Afghanistan, they destabilized governments, they put missiles 90 miles from our shores, we never stopped talking to them,” an answer that reflects her mastery of the facts but also reflects a willingness to talk to Russia that sounds more like Trump 2016 than Clinton 2016.
Shortly after, she said, 'But if you say, 'they're evil, we're good, [and] we're never dealing with them,' I think you give up a lot of the tools that you need to have in order to defeat them…So I would like to talk to you [the enemy] because I want to know more about you. Because if I want to defeat you, I've got to know something more about you. I need different tools to use in my campaign against you. That's my take on it.”
A final bit of interest to the current campaign involves an articulation of phrases that Trump has accused Clinton of being reluctant to use. Discussing the need for a response to terrorism, Clinton said, 'I think you can make the case that whether you call it 'Islamic terrorism' or 'Islamo-fascism,' whatever the label is we're going to give to this phenomenon, it's a threat. It's a global threat. To Europe, to Israel, to the United States…Therefore we need a global response. It's a global threat and it needs a global response. That can be the, sort of, statement of principle…So I think sometimes having the global vision is a help as long as you realize that underneath that global vision there's a lot of variety and differentiation that has to go on.”
It's not clear what she means by a global vision with variety and differentiation, but what's quite clear is that the then-senator, just five years after her state was the epicenter of the September 11 attacks, was comfortable deploying the phrase 'Islamic terrorism” and the even more strident 'Islamo-fascism,” at least when meeting with the editorial board of a Jewish newspaper.
In an interview before the Observer heard the tape, Chomsky told the Observer that Clinton made some 'odd and controversial comments” on the tape. The irony of a decade-old recording emerging to feature a candidate making comments that are suddenly relevant to voters today was not lost on Chomsky, who wrote the original story at the time. Oddly enough, that story, headlined 'Hillary Clinton on Israel, Iraq and Terror,” is no longer available on jewishpress.com and even a short summary published on the Free Republic offers a broken link that can no longer surface the story.
'I went to my bosses at the time,” Chomsky told the Observer. 'The Jewish Press had this mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybody—even a direct quote from anyone—in a position of influence because they might need them down the road. My bosses didn't think it was newsworthy at the time. I was convinced that it was and I held onto it all these years.”


ARTICLE

Having been subjected to the intellectually insulting shit show of a third and, thankfully, final debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump — likely the two most despised candidates in U.S. electoral history — it's now imperative Americans train their attention to rapidly unfolding events which, by every indication, comprise blaring alarm bells of impending world war. 
Via AnonHQ 

And no, despite scaremongering to the contrary, this war — centered around superpowers Russia and the United States — would not inevitably devolve into the hurling of nuclear missiles. In fact, the likelihood of no-holds-barred nuclear war is, at best, negligible — but the odds of unhindered conventional warfare have increased markedly over the past week.
Scroll Down For Video Below A senior NATO diplomat, who spoke with Reuters under condition of anonymity and cited 'Western intelligence,' gave the startling assessment Wednesday that Russia is 'deploying all of the Northern fleet and much of the Baltic fleet in the largest surface deployment since the end of the Cold War.
'This is not a friendly port call. In two weeks, we will see a crescendo of air attacks on Aleppo as part of Russia's strategy to declare victory there.”
Indeed, Russian ally Syrian President Bashar al-Assad eagerly accepted President Vladimir Putin's military assistance in its chaotic and complex conflict, which largely involves U.S.-created and Saudi Arabia-funded Islamic State militants; U.S.-trained and armed 'moderate rebel' terrorists; Syrian government forces; and the altogether controversial Western-backed, Saudi-led coalition. Considering the decimation taking place, that assistance is absolutely justifiable.
Of course, that farcically simplified explanation requires the contextualization of an intricate web of extenuating circumstances — nearly any one of which could spark a powderkeg.
Russian military endeavors in Syria have already earned a vow by the U.S. to defend itself — and by logical extension, that would include whichever rebel groups it considers 'moderate' enough not to deserve being targeted. With Russia planning an all-in offensive, some analysts have warned, the Pentagon could facilely decide to undertake direct 'defensive' measures.
At the heart of the U.S.' multi-fronted proxy war with Russia sits a highly-propagandized, baseless narrative of 'Russian aggression” — a claim thoroughly saturating American political rhetoric to shift both focus and blame from the true substantive aggressor the world over: the United States.
Save for scanty disagreement from Western-centric analysts, this American aggression — marked by an obstinate quest for dominance and control — has us all perilously hurtling for needless war on a global scale.
And needless, if not highly suspect, aptly characterizes the U.S. recent destruction of several strategic radar sites inside Yemen following dubious claims the U.S.S. Mason had come under missile attack by Iran-allied Shi'a Houthi rebels. Although American politicians and corporate media swiftly proffered those claims as steel truth — even amid a nascent investigation by the Pentagon — the Department of Defense's own preliminary statement cast doubt about veracity.
'The initial thoughts is that this [attack] was aimed at them,” DoD spokesman Capt. Jeff Davis statedshortly after the purported incident last Tuesday.
Nonetheless, the belligerent move by the U.S. spurred Iran to deploy an entire fleet of military vessels to the same Gulf of Aden waters from whence the response attack had been launched.
Now, despite the abrupt and official military entree into the Yemeni war, Reuters reported, the 'Pentagon declined to say on Monday whether the USS Mason destroyer was targeted by multiple inbound missiles fired from Yemen on Saturday, as initially thought, saying a review was under way to determine what happened.”
But the U.S. propaganda machine truly hit a fever pitch today, thanks to an altogether shady exclusive report courtesy of Reuters — amplifying an altogether unproven claim Iran has been directly supplying Houthi rebels with missiles, arms, and 'cash.'
In fact an unsurprisingly unnamed and unverifiable 'senior U.S. administration official” delivered an accusation of potentially staggering consequence, telling Reuters:
'We have been concerned about the recent flow of weapons from Iran into Yemen and have conveyed those concerns to those who maintain relations with the Houthis, including the Omani government.”
Oman, of course, flatly denies such allegations.
'There is no truth to this,” Omani Foreign Minister Yousef bin Alwi told Saudi newspaper Okaz in an interview last week. 'No weapons have crossed our border and we are ready to clarify any suspicions if they arise.”
In fact, though Reuters cites several anonymous diplomats and officials, the accusation Iran has been supplying anything directly to the Houthis has yet to be unassailably proven — and such reports do little more than proffer a narrative suitable not only to maintain new U.S. military endeavors in Yemen, but to recklessly provoke a proxy Iranian conflict.
Such psychological operations are, of course, not unusual for the United States — and extend to a statement given by President Barack Obama on Tuesday concerning Russia.
In a blatant attempt to discredit Donald Trump for a supposed fondness for Putin, Obama, as usual, invoked the Russian aggression narrative — however, this spiel came complete with a pointedly significant re-characterization about the Russian military.
'We think that Russia is a large, important country with a military that is second only to ours and has to be a part of the solution on the world stage rather than part of the problem,” the president explained, surreptitiously upgrading the Cold War foe's capabilities than its previous status as mere 'regional power” in umpteen previous statements.
This not-at-all-minor point most does effectively two things: grows in less cagey American minds the palpability and thus legitimacy of a Russian threat, and renews Cold War propaganda pitting two global superpowers as mortal enemies — ostensibly setting up a pre-justification to act in even pre-emptive self-defense anywhere on the planet this proxy war plays out.
Additionally, in a matter of weeks, disfavor over U.S.' actions has cemented military and other alliances between a quickly mounting number of former, longstanding American allies and other traditional Western foes — the vast majority of which align with Russia.
After a subtly significant geopolitical snub during a meeting of the U.N. Security Council to negotiate a ceasefire in Syria, which infuriated Saudi Arabia, Egypt fomented a friendly military relationship with UNSC presiding body, Russia.
'[F]or the first time,” beginning October 15, Reuters reported, 'joint drills between Egyptian and Russian paratrooper units” began in Egypt, and will continue through the 26th. Further, the growing rift with Saudi Arabia indicated Egypt might have been weighing options for a different ally for some time. Reuters wrote:
'A halt to shipments of Saudi fuel to Egypt under a $23 billion aid deal shows that a rift between the Arab world's richest country and its most populous may be deeper than previously thought, which could leave Egypt desperate for a new sponsor.”
Egypt hasn't been alone in jumping ship — and the Middle East isn't the sole locus of conflict.
During a four-day visit at the invitation of Chinese President Xi Jinping this week — amid deteriorating relations with the United States — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte asserted it is 'only China that can help us.”
This massive shift in alignment could have highly consequent repercussions in the territorial dispute over the South China Sea — another conflict in which the U.S. has embroiled itself in several proxy wars, including Russian-backed China.
In fact, although the Philippines had been at the center of that quarrel, unnamed Chinese officials prior to the ongoing meeting announced China would 'consider giving Filipino fishermen conditional access to disputed waters in the South China Sea after the presidents of the two countries meet in Beijing this week.”
Now, following through on intimations the Philippines would cleave from the West, Duterte just made a historic and stunning announcement today, to an auditorium in Beijing packed with over 200 Chinese and Philippine business people, including Chinese Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli:
'In this venue, your honours, in this venue, I announce my separation from the United States. Both in military, not maybe social, but economics also. America has lost.”
He added, 'I've realigned myself in your ideological flow and maybe I will also go to Russia to talk to [President Vladimir] Putin and tell him that there are three of us against the world — China, Philippines and Russia. It's the only way.”
As another geostrategic and commercial waterway of international importance, the South China Sea's role in the U.S. proxy war is second only to the Red Sea and access to it — but the presence of American naval vessels in both those waters and neighboring East China Sea has been deemed an aggressive threat by China and its strengthening ally Russia, as well as North Korea.
Joint naval and military drills conducted by the U.S. and ally South Korea and the planned installation of the U.S.' Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, missile system along the latter's borders inflamed tensions with North Korea — who has been testing ballistic missiles for months, much to the consternation of the two nations and ally, Japan.
On Wednesday, in response to this perceived aggression, North Korea issued a severe admonishment to the two countries that even 'minor signs of aggression” would greenlight Pyongyang to flatten Seoul in a defensive first-strike nuclear attack.
'It has been too long a time since our revolutionary armed forces switched to a principle of pre-emptive strike in the conduct of war, in response to the aggressive war provocations of our enemies,”Pyongyang stated, as cited by UPI, ominously adding a 'ruthless pre-emptive strike is to be applied even in the face of minor signs of aggression.”
Not known for backing down from delicate situations, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry declared its intent to deploy THAAD 'as soon as possible,” after meeting with South Korean officials in Washington, and told the press:
'Let me be clear. Any attack on the United States or its allies will be defeated, and any use of nuclear weapons will be met with an effective and overwhelming response. 'We do not, and we will not, accept North Korea as a nuclear-armed state.”
Leaving nothing open to misinterpretation, U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter clarified in a separate press statement that, in defense of Seoul, the United States guaranteed 'full spectrum” use of its response capabilities — meaning nuclear missiles are anything but off the table.
Shortly afterward, according to NBC News, 'U.S. Strategic Command said it had detected what it believed to be a failed missile launch near the northwestern North Korean city of Kusong.” Director of the North Korean Foreign Ministry's Institute for American Studies, Lee Yong Pil, told NBC News Pyongyang will absolutely strike first if Pyongyang perceives it necessary, saying,
'The U.S. has nuclear weapons off our coast, targeting our country, our capital and our dear leader, Kim Jong Un. We will not step back as long as there's a nuclear threat to us from the United States.” South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se, saying its allies would employ 'all tools in the toolkit” for defense, asserted,
'What is most important is to continuously demonstrate our capability and deterrence with our commitment and actions so that Pyongyang can feel the panic under their skins.” North Korea might be known for blustery rhetoric it refuses to back with significant action — but continued provocation by the United States might elicit a response far more detrimental than words.


ARTICLE

The Saudi press is still furious over the U.S. Senate's unanimous vote approving a bill that allows the families of 9/11 victims to sue Saudi Arabia. This time, the London-based Al-Hayat daily has claimed that the U.S. planned the attacks on the World Trade Center in order to create a global war on terror. 
Via AlternativeNews 

The article, written by Saudi legal expert Katib al-Shammari and translatedby MEMRI, claims that American threats to expose documents that prove Saudi involvement in the attacks are part of a long-standing U.S. policy that he calls 'victory by means of archives.”
Scroll Down For Video Below! Al-Shammari claims that the U.S. chooses to keep some cards close to its chest in order to use them at a later date.
One example is choosing not to invade Iraq in the 1990s and keeping its leader, Saddam Hussein, alive to use as 'a bargaining chip” against other Gulf States. Only once Shi'ism threatened to sweep the region did America act to get rid of Hussein 'since they no longer saw him as an ace up their sleeve.”
He claims that the 9/11 attacks were another such card, enabling the U.S. to blame whoever suited its needs at a particular time; first it blamed Al-Qaeda and the Taliban, then Saddam Hussein's regime in Iraq, and now Saudi Arabia.
September 11 is one of winning cards in the American archives, because all the wise people in the world who are experts on American policy and who analyze the images and the videos [of 9/11] agree unanimously that what happened in the [Twin] Towers was a purely American action, planned and carried out within the U.S. Proof of this is the sequence of continuous explosions that dramatically ripped through both buildings. … Expert structural engineers demolished them with explosives, while the planes crashing [into them] only gave the green light for the detonation – they were not the reason for the collapse. But the U.S. still spreads blame in all directions.
The intention of the attacks, writes al-Shammari in his conspiracy article, was to create 'an obscure enemy – terrorism – which became what American presidents blamed for all their mistakes” and that would provide justification for any 'dirty operation” in other countries.
The terror label was applied to Muslims even though it was Muslims who helped America defeat the Soviets and bring an end to the Cold War, he writes. The problem, asserts al-Shammari, is that the U.S. must always find a new impetus to have an adversary, for 'the nature of the U.S. is that it cannot exist without an enemy.”
Al-Shammari's article comes amid a torrent of vociferous articles in the Saudi press that range from accusing the U.S. of being 'schizophrenic” and in cahoots with Iran to publishing warnings that if passed, the 'Satanic” bill would 'open the gates of hell.”


ARTICLE

Economist and American civil servant Dr. Paul Craig Roberts warns of a real possibility that we might all end up dead much sooner than later as tensions rise between Russia and U.S. and the age of the apocalypse draws closer in the Middle East. 
Via YourNewsWire 

Armageddon could soon be played out between east and west, between Russia and U.S. that could destroy the world and change it forever. Each side has a vast stockpile of nuclear weapons that have never been used and were painstakingly created for an unexpected day like today, with great reasoning and planning. A small percentage of these weapons of mass destruction is sufficient to destroy the world for centuries, as depicted in the film, Planet Of The Apes.
If the US thinks it can continually transgress against Russia until Moscow gives in, it is gravely mistaken
Suffice to say, though children are at play, this is not a game. Those who have been toying with outright war against Russia, and an escalation of the conflict in Syria, are putting the lives of all Americans at risk. Of course, the threat of nuclear annihilation has been with us since the earliest days of the Cold War, but Russia has now positioned itself with the largest and most destructive nuclear arsenal of any country in the world.
Economist and political critic Dr. Paul Craig Roberts explains how diplomatic relations have broken between Russia and the United States, after the U.S. knowingly attacked pro-Assad Syria forces… that, of course, was the cherry on top of a host of insults, deliberate antagonism and a strategy that could only result in further chaos and war.
The end of negotiations is unfortunately, given that fighting it out could mean thermonuclear war that would make Hiroshima and Nagasaki look trivial in comparison.
After a period of some patience, Russia is now warning that the United States is dangerously close to turning a proxy war into a direct world war – and they are deadly serious about defending the motherland and their sworn allies – namely Assad. Any further attack could result in immediate destruction.
Putin is a formidable opponent and Russia a powerful enemy. At present time, they have the capability of wiping the entire East Coast of the United States off the map – where more than 100 million people live. Will the ranking misleaders in Washington continue to gamble with all of our lives?
VLADIMIR Putin's nuclear stockpile could completely destroy the east coast of the US in one clean swipe should the Russian leader launch an attack on the West, an expert has warned. A staggering 112.6 million people could be at risk of extermination from the deadly missiles. Russia has the largest haul of nuclear weapons of any country in the world and reportedly has the most powerful bomb named the SS-18 – menacingly nicknamed the Satan. Experts estimate Russia has 55 of the deadly weapons, but only five would be needed to destroy the East Coast of the US. […] 'Five or six of these 'Satans' as they are known by the US military, and the East Coast of the United States disappears.” Dr Roberts said: 'The atomic bombs that Washington dropped on these helpless civilian centres while the Japanese government was trying to surrender, were mere popguns compared to today's thermo-nuclear weapons. 
What's more, the Russian have hinted strongly at the possibility that they would be able to disable electronics, communications and defense shields in the U.S. via electromagnetic warfare – perhaps an EMP.
Worst of all, the American misleaders haven't even got a good reason for putting the population at such a risk – strategy in the middle east is muddied at best, and prodding for war with Russia doesn't carry a clear narrative either.
The world could change, and American power could end in a few decisive minutes. Hopefully it would never come to that, but we shouldn't live in a false world where we pretend these situations can't harm us.


ARTICLE

This is really, really bad guys. Hillary Clinton has found a guaranteed way to rig the vote, and America is completely clueless. 
Via AlternativeNews 

Now, we at Liberty Writers have come across indisputable proof that Dominion Voting Systems, the biggest voting machine owner in the US, has been rigged by Hillary Clinton!
Scroll Down For Video Below! So let's start off with a little fact from Wikipedia. Back in 2010, just in time to help Obama get elected again, Dominion Voting Machines bought out the right to own the machines in 22 different states.

The same company has also been caught red-handed donating enough money to the Clinton Foundation to make it to the top of their online donor list. Just take a look at the Clinton Foundation's website itself.

Wow. That is just such a strange coincidence, don't you think? Right around the same time Hillary Clinton was deciding to retire as Secretary of State and focus on her campaign, this company bought out half the voting machines in the country.
And if that is not bad enough, one of the top owners of Dominion Voting is none other than the king of corruption himself, George Soros. So if you think this is as important of information as I do, then share this out immediately! Time is of the essence…


ARTICLE

A new scientific theory claims our universe was born from an Event Horizon event as part of a second dimension in an enormous black hole gobbling up other universes in the fourth dimension. 
Via YourNewsWire 

At the very beginning of time, around 13.8 billion years ago, there was a hot dense energetic point where the laws of physics did not apply – something scientists today refer to as a 'singularity'. The only other place where a singularity occurs in the Universe and all the known laws of physics are temporarily abandoned is at the event horizon of a black hole – which scientists cannot explain.
Scroll Down For Video Below What is odd about black holes is that the even horizon is two-dimensional in an otherwise completely three-dimensional universe. This means that there is something that we are unable to perceive and the theory, which was first suggested in 2014 and is now under serious scrutinisation, claims that our Universe is the result of a singularity of a huge black hole.
In simpler terms, there is a possibility that our three-dimensional Universe is surrounding the event horizon of a four-dimensional Universe. A 2014 study from the Perimeter Institute and University of Waterloo stated: 'In this scenario, our Universe burst into being when a star in a four-dimensional universe collapsed into a black hole.
Re-visiting the theory recently, Ethan Siegel, a professor of physics and astronomy at Lewis & Clark College in Portland, explained how a black hole could have formed in another universe which led matter to 'fall” into our Universe.
Dr Siegel wrote for Forbes: 'As the black hole first formed, from a star's core imploding and collapsing, the event horizon first came to be, then rapidly expanded and continued to grow in area as more and more matter continued to fall in.
'If you were to put a coordinate grid down on this two-dimensional wrapping, you would find that it originated where the gridlines were very close together, then expanded rapidly as the black hole formed, and then expanded more and more slowly as matter fell in at a much lower rate.
'This matches, at least conceptually, what we observe for the expansion rate of our three-dimensional Universe.”


ARTICLE

Ron Paul has never been a man to keep his opinions under wraps to spare the feelings or the reputations of others. Since he has retired from Congress he has embarked on a number of strongly worded tirades against those he perceives to be manipulating American democracy. 
Via UsualRoutine 

Therefore it should not come as a surprise to anyone that Paul has a lot to say about the current presidential election. As well as calling Donald Trump and authoritarian and claiming that Hillary Clinton could have easily run on a Republican ticket, Paul has also made some sensational allegations about election rigging.
Scroll Down For Video Below The allegations were made in the course of Paul's web show, called the Liberty Report which was focusing on the Department of Homeland Security's decision to take a more active role in the election. Secretary Jeh Johnson said he was 'considering whether elections should be classified as 'critical infrastructure, ' affording them the same kinds of enhanced protections that the banking system and the electrical grid receive.”
This move was prompted by the hacking of sensitive emails from members of the Democrat Party. While the government and the mass media have been quick to lay the blame on Russia they have yet to offer substantive evidence to support these claims. Nonetheless, the implication that a foreign government could substantially influence the American democratic process has opened up the possibility that managing the election should be a matter for the security services.
Paul said that the idea that Homeland Security could be charged with protecting the electoral process was frankly risible. He cited their previous history of incompetence and failed objectives. Moreover, he said that it was entirely possible that people within the Department of Homeland Security could use their new power to manipulate the electoral process and seize power for themselves. According to Paul, 'They may have false flags and they may do a lot of things, but no matter how an emergency comes up, they're going to make use of it. And the use of it isn't to say 'Hey, how are we going to protect the American people?'
Are they worrying, when they talk about doing something about rigged elections, [that] the votes are counted? No, they're making sure that the votes aren't counted and they're irrelevant and the government has all this power.” This should not be seen as merely idle speculation, Paul warned his viewers, as there is already systemic election rigging in the United States. 'The elections don't matter. This is a ritual that we go through, ” he said. What really matters, according to Paul was some kind of hidden powerful cabal who were much more influential than the 'will of the people.'
Despite all of this, Paul says that there is a great deal to be optimistic about. He said that if enough people became aware of the fractured nature of American democracy then there could be important changes in economic philosophy and the protection of civil liberties both at home and abroad. This kind of attitudinal shift could rob the 'deep state' of its power and mean that the American people would be safer and richer.


ARTICLE

They call it 'The Hum,' a phrase coined by the geo-scientist David Deming of the University of Oklahoma to describe the 'mysterious and untraceable sound that is heard in certain locations around the world by two to ten percent of the population.' 
Via UsualRoutine 

The noises might vary from roaring sounds in the middle of the night, to prolonged periods of noise which sound like intense industrial activity taking place in the sky. Most unusually of all, ordinary people in cities such as York in England have claimed to hear trumpet horns coming from the sky playing chilling bars of music.
Scroll Down For Videos Below! Now Slovakia has become the latest location to these bizarre and completely inexplicable noises, which have been recorded on video.
As of yet, no one has been able to offer a completely coherent explanation for these mysterious sounds. Some have suggested that the chilling noises might be caused by changes in the Earth's core which could eventually lead to a complete polar shift. However, aside from speculation, there is little evidence to suggest that this particular theory is true. According to Deming, they may well be caused by enormous amounts of collated feedback from telephone transmissions and aircraft which are operated by the United States Navy to communicate with submarines. However, this explanation is deemed to fall short as these noises became particularly apparent in 2011 and 2012 and if Deming is correct, there should have been previous indications of this feedback reaction before this period.

Some people have suggested that the noise could be being caused by projects such as the HAARP weapons program, which is believed to be dedicated to working on high-tech weather modification technology.
If this explanation is correct, it could not explain not only the unusual noises but also why they are so often accompanied by a bizarre phenomenon in the sky, such as those which have been detected in Slovakia in recent months.
And here is another recent video. Chilling to the bone: 


ARTICLE

NASA have left members of the public scratching their heads after claiming that they were about to make an imminent 'amazing' announcement regarding their New Horizons mission to the tiny ice planet of Pluto, before promptly denying that they had ever intended to make an announcement at all. 
Via UsualRoutine 

Only around 10% of all available data gathered together by the New Horizons mission has been processed by NASA so far. However, what they had found in this relatively short space of time was enough for Dr. Alan Stern, a senior scientist leading the New Horizons mission, to publicly express his excitement at what they had discovered.
He claimed that NASA had news for the public that would amaze them and described the micro planet as being 'alive'. He said that NASA had forbidden him from speaking publicly about the so-called 'news' before they made their official press conference but he did tell an audience assembled for a university lecture that Pluto.
Scroll Down For Video Below! Has weather, it has hazes in the atmosphere, active geology. Every week, I am floored. The world is alive.
The cryptic nature of Dr. Stern's speech on what the New Horizons mission had discovered had led some to eagerly anticipate the expected announcement. There was great speculation about what NASA was about to announce, with some believing that they might have even discovered life in the smallest planet in this solar system.
However, to their immense disappointment, NASA have now released a tweet on their official New Horizons account saying that there will be no announcement. They claimed that the story of a conference was nothing more than a false rumour and that Dr. Stern's had been totally misinterpreted. This is despite the fact that Dr. Stern explicitly said that NASA would be making an amazing announcement, which leaves little room for interpretation mistakes.
Now, people are beginning to wonder what the space agency are trying to hide from the general public.


ARTICLE

Hacked emails from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta released by WikiLeaks suggests that Obama may be working on behalf of the Saudi regime. 
Via YourNewsWire 
The 2008 email comes from Michael Froman, a former Citibank executive, who told Obama who to appoint in his cabinet team once elected President.
The email in question was even sent from Froman's Citibank email address (rookie!) and includes 'A list of African American, Latino and Asian American candidates, broken down by Cabinet/Deputy and Under/Assistant/Deputy Assistant level, plus a list of Native American, Arab/Muslim American and Disabled American candidates.”
Apparently Obama wasn't as worried about placing women in senior-level positions but Froman decided to offer up some suggestions anyway.
'While you did not ask for this, I prepared and attached a similar document on women.” 
Froman even went ahead and 'scoped out” which people should be appointed to which cabinet positions.
'At the risk of being presumptuous, I also scoped out how the Cabinet-level appointments might be put together, probability-weighting the likelihood of appointing a diverse candidate for each position (given one view of the short list) and coming up with a straw man distribution.” 

As New Republic points out, the Froman appointments ended up being almost entirely right.
The cabinet list ended up being almost entirely on the money. It correctly identified Eric Holder for the Justice Department, Janet Napolitano for Homeland Security, Robert Gates for Defense, Rahm Emanuel for chief of staff, Peter Orszag for the Office of Management and Budget, Arne Duncan for Education, Eric Shinseki for Veterans Affairs, Kathleen Sebelius for Health and Human Services, Melody Barnes for the Domestic Policy Council, and more. For the Treasury, three possibilities were on the list: Robert Rubin, Larry Summers, and Timothy Geithner.
This was October 6. The election was November 4. And yet Froman, an executive at Citigroup, which would ultimately become the recipient of the largest bailout from the federal government during the financial crisis, had mapped out virtually the entire Obama cabinet, a month before votes were counted. And according to the Froman/Podesta emails, lists were floating around even before that.
Many already suspected that Froman, a longtime Obama consigliere, did the key economic policy hiring while part of the transition team. We didn't know he had so much influence that he could lock in key staff that early, without fanfare, while everyone was busy trying to get Obama elected. The WikiLeaks emails show even earlier planning; by September the transition was getting pre-clearance to assist nominees with financial disclosure forms.

So if this history is any guide then the real power within a future Clinton administration is being formed right now. In fact, another email from January 2015 reveals that Elizabeth Warren was already 'intently focused on personnel issues” almost two full years ago as evidenced by the following recap of a conversation that the Hillary campaign had with her Chief of Staff, Dan Geldon.
He was intently focused on personnel issues, laid out a detailed case against the Bob Rubin school of Democratic policy makers, was very critical of the Obama administration's choices, and explained at length the opposition to Antonio Weiss. We then carefully went through a list of people they do like, which EW sent over to HRC earlier.
We spent less time on specific policies, because he seemed less interested in that.
He spoke repeatedly about the need to have in place people with ambition and urgency who recognize how much the middle class is hurting and are willing to challenge the financial industry.

To the extent there are any purists left, this should clear up any illusion of who controls the political powers that be.


ARTICLE

It sounds like a science fiction script for an upcoming movie about NASA, Astronauts, and aliens on the moon. However, according to several reports, and alleged transcripts between the command center and Apollo astronauts on the moon, mankind encountered otherworldly technology upon setting foot on the lunar surface. 
Via AncientCode 
Interesting details about what astronauts may have encountered on the Moon comes from an interview by an unnamed Professor and Neil Armstrong at a NASA symposium:
Professor : What really happened out there with Apollo 11?
Armstrong : It was incredible … of course, we had always known there was a possibility … the fact is, we were warned off. There was never any questions then of a space station or a moon city.
Professor : How do you mean 'warned off”?
Armstrong : I can't go into details, except to say that their ships were far superior to ours both in size and technology – Boy, where they big! … and menacing … No, there is no question of a space station.
Professor : But NASA had other missions after Apollo 11?
Armstrong : Naturally – NASA was committed at that time, and couldn't risk a panic on earth…. But it really was a quick scoop and back again. (Above Top Secret , p. 186)
Scroll Down For Video Below! Is it possible that Apollo astronauts actually encountered alien beings and UFOs while exploring the lunar surface? There are a lot of reports, interviews, and documents that suggest it's possible. In fact, according to Dr. Vladimir Azhazha, a physicist and Professor of Mathematics at Moscow University:
'Neil Armstrong relayed the message to Mission Control that two large, mysterious objects were watching them after having landed near the moon module. But his message was never heard by the public – because NASA censored it.” ( Above Top Secret, p. 384) According to numerous sources, Armstrong claimed that there was an alien presence on the moon, and astronauts were ORDERED away.
Reports indicate that Apollo astronauts stumbled across numerous 'shops' and structures on the moon which were obviously not man-made. Many UFOlogists claim that Buzz Aldrin even filmed the strange structures and all of the details were reported back to mission control, which deliberately 'censored' the information in order to prevent chaos and panic among the general population


ARTICLE

A Caddo Nation tribal leader has just been freed after spending two days behind bars in North Dakota. Family members say she was simply an innocent bystander in a clash between police and protesters, and was not guilty of anything the police claimed. 
Via AlternativeNews 

Jessi Mitchell, of local News 9 reports that 'family members of Caddo Nation chairwoman Tamara Francis-Fourkiller said an anonymous donor paid $2.5 million late Saturday afternoon to release everyone arrested on Thursday at the Dakota Access Pipeline site.”
They added, however, that Francis-Fourkiller was never supposed to have been arrested in the first place. 'An expert on sacred burial grounds , Francis-Fourkiller was one of the tribal leaders visiting the Sioux of Standing Rock to advise them during negotiations with the Dakota Access Pipeline construction team,” Mitchell continues. 'Remains were being desecrated in this pipeline, so they had asked a bunch of people to come up there, so there's a big conference,” Francis-Fourkiller's sister Loretta Francis explained.
On the visit , Francis said her sister and other leaders decided to tour the protest camps. They never thought they would wind up in jail. Francis said her sister had no access to her medication while in custody in Cass County, North Dakota, and now faces charges of conspiracy and rioting. 'Part of my family was removed on the Trail of Tears and they came here to Oklahoma and they suffered,” said Francis. 'I always feel like each generation – our parents, our grandparents – try to make it better for the next generation and they certainly didn't want this for my sister.”
Dozens of Native Americans from Oklahoma tribes had gathered Saturday afternoon at the state Capitol, according to Mitchell, with the purpose of voicing their 'anger at the treatment of the protesters in North Dakota, pointing out this week's acquittal of armed protesters at an Oregon wildlife refuge earlier this year.”
'We're not holding guns. We're not armed, and when we see the military right here in the US use that on us, it's shameful,” Comanche Nation tribal council member Sonya Nevaquaya explained.
One of the fundamentals of all Native American tribes is the protection of the land. Chanting 'Water is life!” Saturday, the Oklahoma demonstrators hope to rally people from around the country to stand with those in North Dakota and stop construction on the pipeline project. 'These pipelines, you hear of a lot of bursts and leaks and it contaminating the waters. What happens when all of our waters and resources are gone?” Nevaquaya explained. Francis-Fourkiller says she will be traveling back to her home in Norman as soon as possible.


ARTICLE

Did you know that Aspartame literally turns into formaldehyde and methanol inside your body? 
Via AlternativeNews 
It breaks down into, according to one paper, 'phenylalanine (50%), aspartic acid (40%) and methanol (10%) during metabolism in the body. The excess of phenylalanine blocks the transport of important amino acids to the brain contributing to reduced levels of dopamine and serotonin.”
Video Below Well put by another paper: 'Aspartame is a widely used artificial sweetener that has been linked to pediatric and adolescent migraines. Upon ingestion, aspartame is broken, converted, and oxidized into formaldehyde in various tissues.”
5 academic papers are cited in this video, showing exactly what Aspartame does to the body, including one study that plays devil's advocate, and honestly fails.
Aspartame, as methanol can cause blindness, is linked to deterioration of vision, several cancers, and a litany of other ills. One chemical Aspartame breaks down into in your body, aspartic acid, acts as an excitotoxin.
This video explains what Aspartame really does, and how two time Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld almost single-handedly pressured the FDA into legalizing it for the pharmaceutical corporation Searle.


ARTICLE

Obama and Michelle are out, she could be hauled off in handcuffs in 72 hours! Her only hope is Tim Kaine but he's demanding a ransom in a Quatar bank. He wants a 130 foot boat. 

Federal Marshalls have Hillary under surveillance 24 hours a day! She will NOT go quietly, she has a fortress up there in Chelsea's apartment – stuff going to ISIS! Automated guns!
It's own power core and atmosphere.


ARTICLE

New details are emerging about Nikola Tesla's rumored 'Death Ray” technology being in the possession of Russia. Declassified FBI documents reveal that the technology actually exists and was hidden from the public after his death. 
Via UsualRoutine 

Published after 73 years of being kept from the public, the declassified documents vindicate conspiracy theorists. They claim that many of Tesla's innovations were far ahead of his time but were suppressed by the mainstream scientists.
According to Sputnik News, Russia has developed a unique radio-electronic weapon to disable enemy drones. The device will soon enter service with the Russian Armed Forces. This is according to a United Instrument Corporation (UIC) spokesman.
Natsionalnaya Oborona (National Defense) journal editor-on-chief Igor Korotchenko revealed that the test unit uses ultrahigh frequency impulses to disable aircraft electronics. Similar to the effects of an EMP burst, it renders them useless in a combat environment.
Russia Unveils New Weapon, Based On Nikola Tesla's Death Ray? 'With its effective range apparently not exceeding one kilometer, this weapon may be used against UAVs flying right above the battlefield,” Korotchenko also added that similar weapons were currently being developed not just in Russia but also in the US and other countries.
Alexander Perendzhiyev, a military political analyst said that the weapon can be used not just against aircraft but against all systems with microelectronic elements. The new weapon is especially effective when used against devices with hi-tech microelectronic systems frying their circuits.
According to Your News Wire, there are currently no details suggesting that Nikola Tesla's death ray was the basis of the new Russian weapon. There are many who believe that the famous inventor created weapons of mass destruction. However the majority of Tesla's work involved those for domestic use. Most notable these is the Alternating Current or AC.
For now, the declassified FBI documents reveal nothing except that the death ray is in fact real and not just a figment of imagination. Franklin D. Roosevelt's Vice President, Henry Wallace, mentioned in the declassified FBI records as having advisers discuss 'its effects.” One these includes those dealing with the wireless transmission of electrical energy.


ARTICLE

Anonymous has released a video that incriminates Hillary Clinton's top aide Huma Abedin for having ties to terrorists who funded the 9/11 attacks. 
Via YourNewsWire 
The hacktivist group known as Anonymous presents evidence in the video below that incriminates Hillary Clinton's top aide, Huma Abedin for having deep ties to the terrorists who funded the 9/11 tragedy.
Video Below. Hillary Clinton's political career has been shrouded in lies,conspiracies and crimes that her and Bill have always managed to get out, unscathed. Well, no more! The terrorists who funded 9/11 also donated very generously to the infamous Clinton Foundation.
This latest exposure by Anonymous is a serious issue that voters need to take into consideration before voting next week. Where does Hillary Clinton's loyalties lie and with whom?


ARTICLE

It sounds like something out of a Philip K. Dick novel, replicants and all. The United Nations is planning to have all humans imprinted with biometric identification cards . 
Via AlternativeNews 

If you're not sure what this means for you, it would basically be sci-fi meets 1984. The world government would know where you go, what you do, who you're with, and who you are at all times, anywhere, every day and every night. It means more restrictions and less freedom. The United Nations wants everyone to have a biometric identification tag by 2030, which is part of their Global Goals agenda .
The United Nations is already working hard toward the implementation of this goal – particularly among refugee populations. The UN has partnered with Accenture to implement a biometric identification system that reports information 'back to a central database in Geneva”.
…
And these new biometric identification cards will not just be for refugees. According to a different FindBiometrics report, authorities hope this technology will enable them to achieve the UN's goal of having this kind of identification in the hands of every man, woman and child on the planet by the year 203o.
…
The following comes from the official website of the World Bank…
Providing legal identity for all (including birth registration) by 2030 is a target shared by the international community as part of the Sustainable Development Goals (target 16.9). The World Bank Group (WBG) has launched the Identification for Development (ID4D) cross-practice initiative, with the participation of seven GP/CCSAs sharing the same vision and strategic objectives, to help our client countries achieve this goal and with the vision of making everyone count: ensure a unique legal identity and enable digital ID-based services to all.
Source: The Economic Collapse 
If you were wondering how the world powers would truly tighten their grasp on the liberties of its citizens, this is how it will happen.
Everything you do and say will be monitored and recorded to be used to shepherd you towards obedience. The United Nations has always been a force for world dominance, and this program will be enforced the world over. This is already being done through social media, but because services like Facebook are not obligatory for all citizens, the next logical step is to force citizens to participate in this very program.
Are they running behind schedule ? This was supposed to happen by 2017 in the United States: 
Source : (Truth & Action) 


ARTICLE

A proper foreign policy should be neither rash nor cowardly. It should be based on geopolitical facts, not emotions. And it should be consistent with the nation's guiding principles, as well as internally consistent – meaning that the components of the foreign policy don't conflict with each other. 
Via TruthAndAction 

It should be affordable, and recognize the nation's strengths and weaknesses. None of this requires a genius to figure out. In other words, a proper foreign policy is exactly what we do not have in the United States. It's difficult to imagine a more stupid foreign policy than one of using NATO to provoke Russia.
Scroll Down Below For Video NATO should have been disbanded when the Soviet empire fell. Of course, ending a government program, regardless of how useless or detrimental it is, is all but impossible. The Obama Administration's foreign policy in Eastern Europe is one of lunacy as NATO and Russia appear to be preparing for war.
Nobody should admire cowardice. But recklessness needs to be condemned as well. When a nation engages others to assist it in taking rash and provocative actions, it needs to be called out for the danger it is. The military buildup in Eastern Europe, largely sponsored by the Obama Administration, supported by Hillary Clinton, and conducted through NATO, has the potential to trigger the unthinkable.
A key Russian defence figure says the deployment of US Marines at Værnes is part of a US buildup to go on a 'global blitz” and warned that Norway may make itself a target for a potential nuclear attack. Frants Klintsevitsj, a deputy chairman of Russia's defence and security committee, told TV2 that Russia views the presence of 330 Marines in Norway as a direct military threat that demands a reaction. Klintsevitsj, considered one of Russia's most influential defence politicians, said that Norway may now be added to 'the list of targets for our strategic weapons”. Frants Klintsevitsj, a deputy chairman of Russia's defence and security committee, told TV2 that Russia views the presence of 330 Marines in Norway as a direct military threat that demands a reaction.
Klintsevitsj, considered one of Russia's most influential defence politicians, said that Norway may now be added to 'the list of targets for our strategic weapons”.
'This is very dangerous for Norway and Norwegians,” he said.
Apparently Norway's Defense Minister isn't too concerned about all of this. He should be.
Russia has on several occasions criticized the plans to deploy 330 US troops at Værnes. Norway's defence minister, Ine Eriksen Søreide, has rejected those criticisms and insisted that the deployment does not constitute a US military base but is rather a test run that will be evaluated during 2017.
'There is no objective reason for the Russians to react to this. But the Russians are reacting at the moment in the same way toward almost everything the Nato countries are doing,” Søreide said.
Now a bit of history to put this into context.
Before joining Nato in 1949, Norway allayed Russian fears by pledging not to open its territory to foreign combat troops so long as Norway was not attacked or threatened with attack.
Something changed.
The perspective of this article may appear to be pro-Russia, but the truth is that the intention is to be neither pro-Russia, nor anti-Russia, but pro-US. It's difficult to see how an Obama Administration sponsored military build-up on Russia's western border is pro-US. Using NATO as a cover doesn't help or give it legitimacy. It just drags other countries into a potential nuclear conflict with Russia. And for what?


ARTICLE

What the heck are those bulges underneath that bright green pant suit you are wearing Hillary? You know the one you wore when you couldn't walk up the steps without assistance back in February? The suit that is in the viral photo that adds to the speculation that not all is well with your health? 
Via TruthAndAction 

A private fundraiser was held at the house of Lisa and Joseph Rice in Charleston, SC. A picture of Hillary needing strong-armed assistance to walk up several steps has given more visual evidence that something is seriously wrong with Hillary.
Scroll Down For Video Evidence Below! Her health appears to be a very real issue, with brain glitches that result in confused speech and disconnected thoughts, the inability to walk unassisted at times, and her chronic cough. However, Hillary will become president, even if it kills her, and it appears with her health issues becoming less easy to hide from the public, it will kill her.
Though her doctor, Dr. Bardack, gave her a clean bill of health back on July 28, 2015 in a letter stating she was fit to run for president, her behavior suggests otherwise. A neurologist, viewing the recent health issues displayed by Hillary, such as her exceptionally long bathroom break during the debate, suggests that Clinton is demonstrating signs of post-concussion syndrome. This disorder can 'severely impact her cognitive abilities”
Check out the video that shows the bulges on her back under that bright green pantsuit on the next page. Some suggest that it is a life saving vest. What do you think? Is Hillary wearing a flack jacket under her pantsuit or is there something else that she hiding from the world? As more evidence accumulates, from brain glitches to extraordinarily long bathroom breaks, the DNC will eventually have to address her health issues one would think.
Now there is the mystery of the bulge under the green jacket she was wearing when she was unable to walk up the steps at a North Carolina fundraiser. As a reminder, Hillary suffered from blood clots in 2012. Could this bulge under her jacket be a LifeVest Wearable Defibrillator?
In 2012, Hillary suffered from a 'transverse sinus thrombosis [blood clot] is a rare condition of a clot forming in the venous sinus cavities surrounding the brain,” Kassicieh told Breitbart, that resulted after Hillary's fall.
These venous sinuses drain blood out of the brain. The [injury] incidence is only about 3 per 1,000,000 adults. The transverse sinus is less commonly affected than the main sagittal venous sinus. The cause of transverse sinus clots is not well understood although trauma and dehydration have been described as risk factors. Mrs. Clinton suffered from both.
If her seizure like episodes are tied to an impaired heart, than the bulges could be the LifeVest.
Here's a video of the fundraiser event in the Rices' home. Pay special attention to Hillary's back in the beginning of the video: 
Did you notice those strange bulges on her upper back, although she was wearing a roomy coat-jacket?
Here's a screenshot from the video, with painted red arrows pointing to the bulges:

Below are more (cropped) screenshots I took from the video. I highlighted the bulges with yellow arrows and circles:

Jim Hoft of Gateway Pundit thinks Hillary's bulges are from a defibrillator vest.
From the website Zoll.LifeVest :
What Is the LifeVest Wearable Defibrillator?
The LifeVest wearable defibrillator is a treatment option for sudden cardiac arrest that offers patients advanced protection and monitoring as well as improved quality of life.
The LifeVest is the first wearable defibrillator . Unlike an implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD), the LifeVest is worn outside the body rather than implanted in the chest. This device continuously monitors the patient's heart with dry, non-adhesive sensing electrodes to detect life-threatening abnormal heart rhythms. If a life-threatening rhythm is detected, the device alerts the patient prior to delivering a treatment shock, and thus allows a conscious patient to delay the treatment shock. If the patient becomes unconscious, the device releases a Blue™ gel over the therapy electrodes and delivers an electrical shock to restore normal rhythm.
Those strange bulges on her back add to the many indicators of Hillary Clinton's ill health (see links below) which the mainstream media continue to dismiss . Presidential candidates are required by law to release their medical records. It is high time for Hillary to do so.
Pause the video at 13 seconds and check out the bulge.


ARTICLE

According the Democratic vice-presidential nominee, white people need to experience the kind 'oppression” that black people have experienced before Americans can truly be equal. The cat is out of the bag. 
Via TruthAndAction 

Many who believed that all of these movements and protests started by Black Lives Matter, the New Black Panthers and their supporters aren't about equality at all, they're about racial superiority, specifically over white people. In fact, if you look up 'racism” in the dictionary, it's basically defined as one race seeking racial superiority.
Video Evidence Below. While speaking to a group of baptists in New Orleans, Tim Kaine suggested that in order to achieve equality between races, white people must willingly submit themselves to a state of repression. What exactly is he talking about exactly? Nobody will deny that slavery and the acts that followed were atrocious, but like it's been asked many times, what right does anybody have to claim offense at acts they weren't alive to be offended by?
Why can't anybody see that this kind of policy isn't going to bridge the racial divide, it's only going to make it bigger. It's this type of thinking, created by the Obama Administration, that got us here in the first place. Not to mention that these types of policies are bad even for white democrats.
These are the types of politics being put into place by democrats and the left as a whole. The sad thing about it is that what black people don't realize is that these policies only sound good to them because it puts down white people. However, it doesn't really do anything for them except make them dependent on the government. We're all hamsters to them, looking for pellets.
The ever-increasing rate at which good-paying, blue-collar jobs are being off-shored by bad trade deals — something to which the modern Democratic Party appears committed fully — will continue to have a devastating effect on working-class white communities. The disproportionately negative effect globalization has had on blue-collar whites was a large factor in GOP nominee Donald Trump's success in the GOP primaries.
Moreover, this destruction of the middle American economy is having very real, very negative effects on white Americans. 'Something startling is happening to middle-aged white Americans,” The New York Times reported in 2015. 'Unlike every other age group, unlike every other racial and ethnic group, unlike their counterparts in other rich countries, death rates in this group have been rising, not falling.”
Some of the Democratic Party's favorite progressive policies — like affirmative action — are directly and openly discriminatory against white Americans. Moreover, the Supreme Court's decision this summer in Fisher v. University of Texas gave legal sanction to this obvious form of anti-white discrimination.
Then there's the Democratic Party's stringent support for open borders and mass non-white migration, which is quite literally turning white Americans into a minority in the country their own ancestors built. White Americans are already a minority among school-aged children, and will be a nationwide minority by 2050, according to predictions by the Census Bureau.
According to democrats, resistance to their cause is rooted in racism and a desire to protect 'white-privilege”. If anybody really took the time to think about it, they'd know that that's racism in itself, trying to breathe life into a myth. The left wants that racist curtain to continue to divide Americans down the middle by making one race look like monsters, mainly white people. This is a toxic form of politics, and will lead to America's downfall, should it be allowed to continue. This will be Hillary's America.


ARTICLE

In a video uploaded to YouTube, Voight slammed both George Soros and Hillary Clinton, claiming they are attempting to turn America into a country of tyranny. 
Via AlternativeNews 

'May God protect the real truth and may Donald Trump win this presidency. He will save our America, and he will certainly make it great again,” he said . Voight has repeatedly supported Trump throughout the election cycle despite the business tycoon's unprovoked attacks on his daughter Angelina Jolie's looks.
Scroll Down For Video Below In the video, posted on Voight's social media channels, he said: 'We were once a country of freedom. Now we're becoming a country of tyranny. 'Thousands of refugees will flood our nation, and no one will know the good guys from the bad guys. It will kill our economy which is at an all time low under the years of Obama's presidency.'
Millions of jobs have been created, unemployment has plummeted, and the economy has grown about two per cent each year under Obama's administration, with experts grading it a 'solid B or B+', CNN reported. But Voight also warned that people would lose their Second Amendment rights under Hillary Clinton, even though she has repeatedly disputed similar statements.
Voight went on to say: 'Freedom of religion will be attacked…and Hillary will try to stop all conservative voices on TV and radio. 'Our highest courts will become socialist, and she will restrict what America was founded on – our freedom to become a small business owner and pursue our own personal dreams.'
Voight also accused Soros of 'turn[ing] hundreds of Jewish people over to the Nazis to be exterminated during World War II,' an idea perpetuated by conservative commentator Glenn Beck. When Soros was 14, his father bribed an agriculture official in Nazi-occupied Hungary to pose as his Christian godfather.
Soros once accompanied the man during an inventory of an estate left behind by the wealthy Jewish aristocrat Mor Kornfeld. In a 1998 episode of 60 Minutes, Soros said: 'I had no role in taking away that property. So I had no sense of guilt.'
While Voight made no reference to Trump's comments about women in his latest video, he came out to defend the business tycoon days earlier. 'I am so ashamed of my fellow actor Bobby DeNiro's rant against Donald Trump…'

'Donald Trump's words were not as damaging as Robert DeNiro's ugly rant. Trump's words did not hurt anyone.' Voight tweeted in response to the Republican candidate's comments that he could sexually harass women without consequence.

'I don't know of too many men who haven't expressed some sort of similar sexual terms toward women, especially in their younger years,' Voight added. Trump has since been accused of sexual harassment by six women in the days following the 2005 hot mic recording's emergence.
The presidential candidate has spoken out against Voight's daughter over the last decade, saying in 2006: '[Angelina Jolie has] been with so many guys she makes me look like a baby, OK, with the other side. And, I just don't even find her attractive.' In 2007, Trump said: 'Angelina Jolie is sort of amazing because everyone thinks she's like this great beauty. 'I really understand beauty. And I will tell you, she's not—I do own Miss Universe. I do own Miss USA. I mean, I own a lot of different things. I do understand beauty, and she's not.'
 


ARTICLE

An absolutely shocking Ministry of Defense report circulating in the Kremlin today says that the Obama regime, yesterday, announced that it was preparing to jail one of the United States top military leaders, General James Cartwright, for up to 5 years. 
Via AlternativeNews 
President Obama is interviewed by NPR's Steve Inskeep at the White House on Monday.
While at the exact same time, President Obama personally ordered thousands of Islamic State ISIS terrorists freed, including their leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, from the Levant War Zone city of Mosul, Iraq. [ Note: Some words and/or phrases appearing in quotes in this report are English language approximations of Russian words/phrases having no exact counterpart.]
Please Scroll Down For Video Below! According to this report, General Cartwright, a four-star American Marine general and formerly the second-ranking officer in the entire US military, was forced by the Obama regime to plead guilty in a US Federal Court, on 17 October, for the crime of speaking to the internationally respected foreign policy reporter David Sanger.
General Cartwright's talks with this reporter, this report explains, involved the Obama regimes secret, and deadly, deployment of the most dangerous computer virus ever created named Stuxnet—and that Sanger detailed in his book Confront and Conceal: Obama's Secret Wars and Surprising Use of American Power that painted an unsettling picture of a White House perplexed by Afghanistan, confused by the dilemma of humanitarian intervention, and thrown off balance by the Arab Spring.

US Marine 4-Star General James Cartwright 
After the 2012 publication of Sanger's book revealing for the first time the many war crimes committed by the Nobel Peace Prize winning President Obama, this report continues, the Obama regime retroactively classified everything General Cartwright had told to Sanger (and that affected Hillary Clinton too, but who wasn't charged), and then promptly filed charges against him for lying to US federal investigators—and that with his guilty plea now puts him at risk of serving 5 years in prison and having to pay a $250,000 fine.
At the exact same time General Cartwright was standing in a US Federal Court watching the Obama regime destroy his life and reputation yesterday, this report astonishingly details, President Obama ordered US military forces to allow an estimated 9,000 Islamic State terrorists to escape from Mosul that was authorized by a ' deal/agreement ” he had made with Saudi Arabia—and that just hours ago Foreign Minister Lavrov responded against by warning the Americans that if these fighters are allowed to leave Mosul and go to Syria, Russia would make ' the appropriate military and political decisions ”.
And of these 9,000 Islamic State terrorists President Obama is allowing to escape from Mosul, this report grimly states, is their terror leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi—who just minutes prior to the US-led attack on Mosul beginning yesterday, was ' magically whisked ” to safety.

ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi (left) and President Obama (right) 
MoD experts writing in this report note that President Obama's ' fantasy strategy ” of defeating these Islamic State terrorists by allowing them and their leader to escape the battlefield makes no logical military sense at all—unless, of course, the Obama regime, and its Saudi Arabian and Qatar allies (who Hillary Clinton secretly admitted were funding these barbarians), never planned on defeating them in the first place.
Being called by the American military as Operation Inherent Resolve , this report continues, the Obama regimes ' make-believe/pretend ” battle to defeat ISIS terrorists in Mosul began yesterday (17 October) and is being led by over 6,000 US troops [the Pentagon still refuses to admit exactly how many thousands of US troops are really in Iraq and Syria] backed by Australian troops rushed to the war zone (9.45 a.m. IST bulletin)—but whose true ' aim/goal ”, some experts claim, is a ' secret terror deal ” between the US and Saudi Arabia to allow these barbarians [who have already killed over 33,000 people worldwide ] to go to Syria so that they can kill Russian soldiers.

Standing ready to defeat this Obama-Saudi Arabian 'master plan” to unleash these Islamic State terrorists on Russian troops in Syria, however, this report notes, are the 100,000 estimated Iranian-backed Shiite forces who are making ready to destroy these barbarians during their 'planned and protected” US escape.
To the consequences of the failure of President Obama's and Saudi Arabia's 'master plan” for their ISIS terrorists, this report continues, Israeli intelligence officials are now warning that these Shiite militias loyal to Iran will not take part in the fighting to liberate Mosul, but will be stationed to the west, where they will block ISIS attempts to flee to their Syrian stronghold of Raqqa, and from there, these militia fighters will be able to move ahead Tehran's secret project of forging a path to the Mediterranean through Iraq and Syria—and that, interestingly, US president candidate Donald Trump's top military advisor, Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, concurred with yesterday by his, likewise, warning that Iran will be the real winner when the Iraqi city of Mosul is taken back from the Islamic State.

To the American people being allowed to know the ' horrid truth ” of the Obama-Clinton-Saudi Arabia-Qatar ' cabal of evil ” destroying the Middle East, this report says, continues to be nearly non-existent as the mainstream American reporters who are supposed to be telling these people truthful facts, are, instead, showering Hillary Clinton with money, while at the same suppressing from the public their knowledge of her many crimes proven by Wikileaks—and that, astonishingly, CNN reporter Chris Cuomo proved by blatantly lying to the American people this week falsely telling them it was illegal for them to read Hillary Clinton's secret Wikileaks emails—with him further lying and saying that journalists, like him, were allowed to read them, so people should listen to him, not what they can see (and prove) for themselves.
With General Cartwright now facing years in prison for a ' made-up/pretend ” Obama regime crime, while the leader of ISIS is allowed to go free, this report concludes, one can only ' wonder in fear ” what the next Obama-Clinton outrage will be—but with President Putin's patience ' fast running out ”, his previous warning to these Americans of World War III may be the only thing to stop this madness before the whole world is destroyed by these insane madmen, and woman.


ARTICLE

New reports are now suggesting that Hillary Clinton is about to step down from the presidential race following the Anonymous release her 33,000 deleted emails this week. A new post on 4chan explains Hillary was warned by superiors that she must step down or there will be another huge leak from Wikileaks. 
Via AlternativeNews 

During this election, I have steered away from click-bait national polls and media bias polls because I have learned all they do is get my blood pressure up. But I came across some information, and I would clearly be negligent not to share it with you.
InfoWars Video Below! It seems D-Day is Tuesday so you know I will be watching and waiting, but if this happens, it could be huge for the entire general election a week later. As you know 'everything you read and hear is true on the internet,” but sometimes things are factual. But this needs investigating, however, the cost.

The information below comes from 4chan. 4chan is a simple image-based bulletin board where anyone can post comments and share images anonymously.

With the threat of a massive blockbuster by Wikileaks and Project Veritas coming this week, get your popcorn ready! Now, Hillary could change her mind, or this could be a hoax also, but if you look at the following messages and the dates and put one and one together, you get some crazy stuff. If you are shaking your head, we had the same reaction. Hillary and her campaign have been on borrowed time and the bell tolls for them. It's time to come clean and step down if that's the decision. This country needs a leader, and Donald Trump should step into the White House on January 20, 2017, and take command of a nation that was fundamentally transformed into a liberal hellhole. What do you think about this news? Do you think Hillary will step down or do you think she will continue to press her luck with the possibility of the 33K emails to be released and damage her even more? Share you comments below. Help support conservative news and views by sharing this post on Facebook and Twitter.


ARTICLE

Russia refuses to join any scheme to help Syrian refugees and blames Western powers for Europe's migration crisis. A trickle of migrants have entered Russia – but the country has granted asylum to only two Syrians so far this year. 
Via UsualRoutine 

Nonetheless, Russia blamed the West for Syria's bloodshed and for the outflow of refugees. 'We expect that for the most part that expenditures [for dealing with refugees] will fall on the countries linked to causing the catastrophic situation,” said Dmitry Peskov, the Kremlin spokesman, according to Interfax news agency. Asked whether Russia would join any program to help refugees, Mr Peskov replied: 'It's hardly likely.”
Scroll Down For Video Below! He confirmed that some refugees from the Middle East had tried to cross Russian territory with the aim of reaching the European Union by crossing the border into Norway. Mr.Peskov warned that terrorists from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant(Isil) could infiltrate groups of migrants, posing a possible security threat.
The Kremlin has recently provided Mr.Assad with more military support by sending a contingent of Russian troops to Syria. Their role appears to be to protect the Russian naval facility at Tartous, on Syria's Mediterranean coast, and provide training and expertise for the regime's forces, which are responsible for the great majority of civilian deaths in the conflict. 'The threat coming from Islamic State is evident,” said Mr.Peskov. 'The only force capable of resisting it is the Syrian armed forces.”
Last week, President Vladimir Putin said that Europe's migration crisis was 'completely predictable”, adding: 'These are the policies of our American partners. Europe blindly follows within the framework of its so-called duties as an ally – and then must bear the burden.”


ARTICLE

With the media gripped by accusatory speculation regarding the identity of the source behind the Wikileaks leak of hacked Podesta and DNC emails, much of it focused on Russia, a new theory has emerged from Craig Murray, the former British ambassador to Uzbekistan, who tells Sputnik (a Russian media outlet) that the source of the leaks are not Russian hackers but a Washington insider. 
Via TheAntiMedia 

'The source of these emails and leaks has nothing to do with Russia at all. I discovered what the source was when I attended the Sam Adam's whistleblower award in Washington. The source of these emails comes from within official circles in Washington DC. You should look to Washington not to Moscow.”
Asked about whether or not WikiLeaks have ever published information at the behest of Moscow, Murray said that 'WikiLeaks has never published any material received from the Russian government or from any proxy of the Russian government. It's simply a completely untrue claim designed to divert attention from the content of the material.”
While blasted by Washington, first by Republicans several years ago, and most recently by Democrats, the WikiLeaks revelations have often been hailed as a champion of accountability.
'I think whistleblowers have become extremely important in the West because the propaganda model — as Chomsky puts it — has been reinforced to the extent that people don't get any true information out of the media at all. It's worth saying that Julian Assange and WikiLeaks are publishers; they publish what whistleblowers leak to them,” Mr. Murrary told Sputnik.
Yet, whistleblowers in the US continue to be subject to lengthy prison sentences. A key example is Chelsea Manning, who was sentenced on August 21, 2013 to a thirty five year sentence for providing WikiLeaks with sensitive military and diplomatic documents highlighting, among other things, US military conduct in Iraq. Murray also mentions the case of John Kiriakou, a former investigator of international terrorism with the CIA who turned whistleblower.
'The people who did the torture have suffered no comeback at all,” adds Mr. Murray.
Taking a step back and discussing the risk of geopolitical escalation between Russia and the US, Murray told Sputnik that 'there is no chance whatsoever that Russia is going to ever attack the United States, that simply isn't going to happen.”
'Just as Russia is not going to attack the United Kingdom. There never has been a chance that Russia would ever attack either of these two countries. But of course the narrative is all to do with power and funneling huge amounts of American taxpayer money into the defense industry and the security industry and these people are both from the class that benefits.”
It's an extremely dangerous game, says Mr. Murray, and it feeds into a foreign policy that is completely mad.
'In Syria — and I should say I'm no fan of the Assad regime at all — but the idea that backing assorted groups of jihadists to tear the country apart is a better solution is crazy and it's especially crazy when we've already messed up Iraq, Afghanistan and now we're doing exactly the same thing again and you can see it doesn't work, it only works in terms of promoting continued instability and continued spending for the military and the security services.”
Finally, Murray also believes that the public can't get clear analysis of these issues from mainstream media, because they are part of the same money/power nexus.


ARTICLE

According to a retired Episcopal bishop, the Catholic church invented hell to control the populace through fear. What are your thoughts? 
Via TrueActivist 

Without a doubt, religion is one of the more difficult topics to discuss. After all, the majority of wars that have taken place on this planet stem from religious differences. But when a retired bishop speaks out about practices conducted and condoned by the world's largest religious institution, his thoughts on the matter are worth hearing and considering.
Video Below. Regardless of your opinion on religion, spirituality, and the Catholic church, we implore you to keep an open mind as you listen to the interview between retired Episcopal Bishop John Shelby Spong and Keith Morrison of Dateline NBC. Originally recorded in August of 2006, the clip has gone viral numerous times because it features Spong explaining that the Catholic church invented Hell in order to control the populace through fear.
During a nationally televised interview, Spong explains why 'Hell' is essential for the church's survival. He says,
'Religion is always in the control business, and that's something people don't really understand. It's in a guilt-producing control business. And if you have Heaven as a place where you're rewarded for your goodness, and Hell is a place where you're punished for your evil, then you sort of have control of the population. And so they create this fiery place which has quite literally scared the Hell out of a lot of people, throughout Christian history. And it's part of a control tactic.”
'The church doesn't like for people to grow up, because you can't control grown-ups. That's why we talk about being born again. When you're born again, you're still a child. People don't need to be born again. They need to grow up. They need to accept their responsibility for themselves and the world,” Spong adds.
A partial transcript of the interview follows: Spong: I don't think Hell exists. I happen to believe in life after death, but I don't think it's got a thing to do with reward and punishment. Religion is always in the control business, and that's something people don't really understand. It's in a guilt-producing control business. And if you have Heaven as a place where you're rewarded for you goodness, and Hell is a place where you're punished for your evil, then you sort of have control of the population. And so they create this fiery place which has quite literally scared the Hell out of a lot of people, throughout Christian history. And it's part of a control tactic .
Morrison: But wait a minute. You're saying that Hell, the idea of a place under the earth or somewhere you're tormented for an eternity – is actually an invention of the church?
Spong: I think the church fired its furnaces hotter than anybody else. But I think there's a sense in most religious life of reward and punishment in some form. The church doesn't like for people to grow up, because you can't control grown-ups. That's why we talk about being born again. When you're born again, you're still a child. People don't need to be born again. They need to grow up. They need to accept their responsibility for themselves and the world.
Morrison: What do you make of the theology which is pretty quite prominent these days in America, which is there is one guaranteed way not to go to hell; and that is to accept Jesus as your personal savior.
Spong: Yeah, I grew up in that tradition. Every church I know claims that 'we are the true church' – that they have some ultimate authority, 'We have the infallible Pope,' 'We have the Bible.'… The idea that the truth of God can be bound in any human system, by any human creed, by any human book, is almost beyond imagination for me.
I mean, God is not a Christian. God is not a Jew or a Muslim or a Hindi or Buddhist. All of those are human systems, which human beings have created to try to help us walk into the mystery of God. I honor my tradition. I walk through my tradition. But I don't think my tradition defines God. It only points me to God.


ARTICLE

My fellow Americans, we are watching history unfold before us with such sound and fury that we are likely to never witness comparable events again in our lifetime. As of today, I am now convinced that the deep state has turned on Hillary Clinton and will unveil damning evidence in the next few days that will end the Clintons' reign of terror over America and collapse her bid for the presidency. 
Via BeforeItsNews 

The mainstream media, of course, will never report this news for the simple reason that they are the propaganda arm of the criminal Clinton cartel. As such, they will lie to the public to the bitter end, even as the Clinton Titanic sinks with all of them on board (in deep, frigid waters, no less, with no more lifeboats to be found).
Please Scroll Down For Videos Below The so-called 'deep state” — the powerful insiders who really run the intelligence services and inner layers of untouchable bureaucracy — has decided Hillary Clinton is too damaged to defend any longer. Even if she were to win by stealing the election, she would be so mired in criminal investigations and political illegitimacy that she would rip the nation to shreds while fighting for her own political survival.
It has now been decided, I believe, that Hillary Clinton will be taken out of power by releasing criminally damaging emails which have long been held by the NSA and FBI. This will likely happen before the coming weekend. Once that is accomplished, the next goal will be to wait for President Trump to take office, then destroy the U.S. economy through a controlled, global debt collapse so that Trump can be blamed for the near collapse of western economies. (Remember: The deep state isn't pro-Trump. They're still all about defending the establishment. But Hillary is one bridge too far for even the statists to stomach…)
Instead of allowing Hillary Clinton to take power and destroy America from the top, in other words, deep state power brokers have reverted to 'Plan B” which is to let Trump take the White House, then destroy America through the controlled demolition of its currency and economy. This is simpler than it sounds. Bringing down the debt pyramid of a nation carrying nearly $20 trillion in national debt isn't exactly rocket science. All they have to do is stand back and stop manipulating the markets and stop printing new money for a few months while raising interest rates. Monetary gravity will do the rest…
In the mean time, Hillary Clinton and a long list of her co-conspirators are going to find themselves charged with obstruction of justice, lying under oath, destruction of evidence, conspiracy, corruption and other serious charges that will lead to serious prison time for many.
The criminal racket of the Clintons is about to implode. The participants will be charged under the RICO Act for 'racketeering” activities, for which ample evidence already exists.
A new video from Steve Pieczenik describes some of this 
In this video, intelligence insider Steve Pieczenik lays out how high-level intelligence insiders are now working in concert to 'reverse the Clinton coup” that's attempting to take over America and destroy it from within.
Even if you don't believe Pieczenik — and I fully realize he's controversial in his own way — this short video is a very important 'must watch” explanation to know what people in the intelligence community are doing… 'we've initiated a counter-coup…”
The Clintons are going to go 'full murder” in a last ditch, desperate effort to save themselves 
Beware of what may yet unfold in the coming days. Like a cornered wild animal, the Clintons are extremely dangerous when they realize they have nothing to lose by going 'full murder” in an attempt to save themselves.
I will not be surprised the least bit if bodies of people in high places start piling up over the next week. Watch for news reports of mysterious car crashes, swimming pool accidents or 'natural” deaths involving people like James Comey, who'd better have armed security personnel around him at all times.
Look for desperate measures such as the Clintons attempting to blackmail Obama, Comey or anyone who they think might serve as leverage to save their own skins. We might also see desperate false flag attacks unfold in the next few days, although that's increasingly unlikely since it seems the Clintons are now on their own (they would need the assistance of Obama to pull off another Sandy Hook, you see).
A deal has already been struck with Obama 
Most likely, deep state operatives have already struck a deal with Obama to avoid prosecuting him for his own serious crimes as long as he stays out of the way as Hillary Clinton's head is served up on a platter. This likely explains why Obama is now publicly saying he trusts Comey (and refuses to go to bat for Hillary). There's no love lost between Obama and the Clintons (remember 2008?).
As all this is going down, the propaganda ministry of the Clinton regime — CNN, NYT, Washington Post, etc. — is going to explode into an all-out 'bat-s##t crazy” conspiracy theory phase where they blame the Russians, extraterrestrials, Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster for everything that's imploding around the Clintons. Mainstream media news reports are going to increasingly sound like sociopathic babble from crazy people grasping at whatever outlandish theories they can invoke. Maybe crop circles were created by the Russians as a secret code to Wikileaks and Donald Trump, eh?
Meanwhile, conspiratorial operatives like George Stephanopoulos fully realize they are probably going to jail for collusion and sedition, so they have nothing left to lose by desperately trying to put Hillary in the White House via any means at their disposal, including totally faking negative news against Donald Trump (which is, of course, the entire news mission of CNN at this point, a disgraced propaganda network run by anti-American traitors).
If the vote is stolen for Hillary Clinton, all hell breaks loose 
Should the globalist Soros operators manage to steal the vote, bribe the electoral voters or rig the black box voting machines sufficiently to place Hillary Clinton in the White House, all Hell breaks loose across America:
• The FBI goes into full indictment mode to push criminal charges for the Clinton criminal regime.
• Donald Trump launches a massive legal challenge to the election outcome, dispatching an army of lawyers to level a vast assortment of charges involving coordinated voter fraud, the rigging of voting machines, the attempted bribery of Electoral voters and so on.
• The U.S. military revs up its plans for an armed military coup to depose Clinton and restore democracy. This one should be especially entertaining to watch unfold if it gets activated… (and yes, YOU will beg for a short-term military dictatorship as long as they promise to depose Clinton and restore open, fair and free elections).
• Armed U.S. citizens prepare for a massive march on Washington to take back their democracy and restore a lawful society where the political elite don't get away with corruption, fraud and murder. Expect this march to be joined by police officers and federal law enforcement officials of all kinds.
• The NSA likely goes into 'full dump” mode to unleash every scrap of damning criminal evidence against Hillary Clinton. This will likely be joined by CIA assets who already have the goods on the Clintons and their 'Lolita Express” pedo joy rides.
• Wikileaks, Anonymous and every former NSA analyst goes into 'destroy the Clintons” mode and begins to hack and expose every last shred of email evidence ever possessed by the Clintons and anyone close to them. Anonymous alone has enough technical clout to accomplish this with little or no outside help. (I expect Kim Dotcom to be aiding this entire effort as well, as he rightly holds extreme hatred toward Hillary Clinton… as do we all, come to think of it.)
• The establishment Republicans in the U.S. Congress will, as usual, meekly surrender to the democrats, pulls down their britches and bend over to prepare to take it in the rear because that's what they do best when the going gets tough. Totally useless politicrats like John McCain can't get their pants around their ankles quickly enough when democrats start accusing them of something. These useless heaps of human baggage will be tossed out of Washington as the revolution unfolds, replaced with individuals who actually honor the U.S. Constitution (like Rep. Louie Gohmert).
I root for all groups working to save America and expose the criminal politicians 
Bring out the marshmallows and wieners, folks: This is going to be the most bizarre campfire front row seat to U.S. history that anyone has witnessed in over 200 years. Try not to trip and 'face plant” into the flames as all this unfolds. It might be a smart idea to have some preparedness supplies at the ready, since no one really knows just how nasty this is all going to get. (And thank God Hillary doesn't have her fingers on the nuclear launch codes, or she'd probably launch them just to change the narrative…)
As for me, I'm with anybody who's trying to save America, restore democracy and throw the establishment criminals in prison. Like almost everybody else, I've had enough of the lies, the corruption, the media deceptions and the incessant blood sucking parasites in Washington D.C. who are too arrogant and stupid to realize just how much they're universally despised. The revolution is ON. Anonymous, Wikileaks, Project Veritas, the FBI and the NSA have all been activated. There's no stopping them now, and all the details of all the crimes of the Clintons are about to spill onto the stage of history, dirty deeds and all.
Be warned, you are probably not psychologically prepared for the truth about what the Clintons really are. You will probably vomit.


ARTICLE

Via TrueActivist SPONSORED LINKS 
The US Secret Service, under pressure due to unprecedented demand and recent controversies, has been carrying out its most ambitious recruiting campaign in over a decade, looking to find over 1,000 qualified agents and other personnel within the next year. The agency has had no problem finding interested people as around 27,000 have responded to the agency's various calls for applications since 2015. However, the major problem the agency is facing is the high number of recruits who have abused prescription drugs, mostly Adderall and other amphetamines they took while in college. As a result, only 300 of those 27,000 have received an offer for employment from the agency, complicating the Secret Service's recruitment goals. 
All candidates looking for positions with the Secret Service are put through an extensive vetting process, including a series of personal interviews and a polygraph test. Previously, it was normally the polygraph test that doomed the largest percentage of would-be agents, but now it appears that amphetamine/Adderall use has taken its place. Any use of any drug in an illegal way is grounds for immediate expulsion from the hiring process. Susan Goggin, the Chief Recruiting Officer of the US Secret Service said: 'It is definitely a struggle with this generation. Adderall is a huge, huge issue.” Indeed, Adderall's use among college students is becoming increasingly common. The latest federal data shows that Adderall's recreational use has increased by nearly 67% in the last ten years and is now being prescribed at a rate 30 times higher than it was two decades ago. 
Another part of the problem appears to be that many candidates are unaware that their past use of Adderall and other prescription drugs is something that could have negative consequences for them, largely becase the stigma behind its use is not as clear cut as it is for other illicit substances, like marijuana and cocaine. Many college students also do not view their use of Adderall as dangerous or even wrong as they are taking it for the 'right reasons” – to be more productive in class and manage a high workload. However, in the eyes of the federal government, Adderall and other amphetamines are classified as Schedule II drugs and the reasons for its use are irrelevant. 
Interestingly, this is not the first time that a federal agency has run into this type of problem. In 2014, FBI Director James Comey admitted that hiring hackers was becoming more difficult as many hackers had previously used marijuana recreationally, a concern also echoed by the Justice Department. This same issue also evenutally led US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter to announce this September that the Pentagon would be open to hiring individuals that had experimented with marijuana in the past. Will the Secret Service soon be forced to change its policy on Adderall as its use continues to skyrocket? Or is it more of a sign that the War on Drugs is laughably out-dated?

ARTICLE

North Sentinel Island, located in the Bay of Bengal, between Myanmar and Indonesia, is home to an isolated tribe that has never been colonized or even made contact with. These people are one of the last Stone Age tribes on Earth whose culture has been completely untouched by modern civilization. 
Via theusualroutine 

Read more: Man Arranges Leaves, Sticks, And Stones To Create Magical Land Artworks 

Despite the fact that the island formally belongs to India, no one dares to visit it and approach the Sentinelese tribe. The reason is their extreme violence and hostility – anyone who has ever tried to come ashore the island was attacked or even killed.
Contacts with the Sentinelese tribe In 1896, a Hindu convict escaped from the prison but had a bad luck to ground on North Sentinel on a makeshift raft. As a result, his body was found a few days later on a beach, perforated by arrows and with the throat cut.
On August 2, 1981, when the ship Primrose ran aground on the North Sentinel Island reef, the crew noticed men on the beach who were carrying arrows and spears. The captain tried to use radio communication to ask for help, but did not receive it. Fortunately, the crew was lucky enough to be kept away from the island by the troubled waters and rescued by helicopter a few days later.
The Daily Mail: 'Survival International reported late last year that it had received reports that fishermen are targeting the area, with seven men being apprehended by the Indian Coast Guard.
One of the fishermen reportedly stepped foot on the island in close proximity to the tribe's members, and he managed to leave unscathed.
Survival International, which advocates for tribal peoples' rights, describes the Sentinelese as 'the most vulnerable society on the planet' as they are likely to have no immunity to common diseases such as flu and measles.
Due to their complete isolation, the chances of them being wiped out by an epidemic are very high, according to the organization.”

After the catastrophic Indian Ocean earthquake of 2004, the Indian government sent a helicopter to check on the Sentinelese tribe. It's curious that the North Sentinel Island and its inhabitants were almost unaffected while some nearby islands suffered heavy damage.
When the helicopter hovered over a group of tribesmen, they were throwing stones and shooting arrows at it.



On January 26, 2006 , two men were killed when fishing illegally in the area. A coastguard helicopter tried to retrieve their bodies but was unable to land because of a shower of arrows from the locals.
What else is known about the Sentinelese tribe The Sentinelese are believed to have lived on the island for 60,000 years! After this unthinkable period of time in isolation, it's no surprise that they are so hostile to outsiders, which may be due to past conflicts with the outside world. In order to protect the Tribe and prevent unnecessary violence, the Indian government has also made it illegal to approach it closer than three miles.
Due to the inability to study the tribe and the island, we don't know much about them. It is estimated that the tribe counts between 50 and 400 members and lives exclusively by hunting and gathering. Though it is difficult to observe the island from the air because of the dense tree cover, it is established that the Sentinelese are not familiar with agriculture.
Their drive to protect their culture from the outside world is probably the reason they have survived in isolation for so many years. Who knows how long they will manage to live in the middle of the ocean without having the slightest interest in the 'civilized” rest of the world. And perhaps being without contact with us is a good thing.


ARTICLE

The FBI is now 'actively and aggressively” probing into Clinton Foundation corruption. The Clinton campaign is going down. The FBI seems to be sick of the DoJ's favoritism. 
Via YourNewsWire 

Two separate sources have told Fox News about serious new breaks in the investigation. The fact that this is being reported on an MSM site is huge, bigger than huge.
Did you catch that? The laptops that everyone THOUGHT the FBI destroyed were NOT, in fact, destroyed. Anyone who is caught lying has voided their immunity deals. (cough, Cheryl Mills, cough) There are new, not-seen-before emails, even though Clinton said she disclosed them all. It's goin' down. Right now. All of those people who were prepared to take one for Team Clinton might want to reconsider. It's hard to imagine even Teflon-coated Hillary Clinton getting out of this mess.
Watch this video and try to keep from jumping up and down with excitement: 


ARTICLE

Has Satanism infiltrated the Washington elite? New WikiLeaks emails suggest John Podesta attended a 'Spirit Cooking” dinner party at Marina Abramovich's house. 
Via YourNewsWire 

Given what we know about the performance artist's occult fascination, it's safe to assume they weren't saying the Lord's Prayer.

So what happened at this dinner party? Marina Abramovich demonstrates what Spirit Cooking is in a YouTube video. Painting a wall with pig blood, Abramovich smears the sentence 'WITH A SHARP KNIFE CUT DEEPLY INTO THE MIDDLE FINGER OF YOUR LEFT HAND EAT THE PAIN.” Another daubed message reads 'FRESH MORNING URINE SPRINKLE OVER NIGHTMARE DREAMS.”
Anramovich then throws blood over a small statue in the corner of the room, before writing 'SPIRIT COOKING.” Blood is then ceremoniously run around the four corners of the room. Another message on the wall reads 'MIX FRESH BREAST MILK WITH FRESH SPERM MILK DRINK ON EARTHQUAKE NIGHTS.”
At 7 mins 30 Abramovich is seen in a projected video with a snake wrapped around her head, it's tail in her nostril. Warning: in case you hadn't guessed, this video contains graphic content.
Spirit Cooking, according to article about Marina Abramovich, ' is about the conversion of matter into energy, of the material into the spiritual. Abramovic derives her inspiration from the popular belief that the spirits still need food even though it is no longer solid, but in the form of light, sound and emotions. 
This superstition is found in numerous cultures and there are even strict rules as to how this spiritual fare should be prepared. In this paradox, in the material underpinning of something immaterial, the physical and spiritual worlds meet. 
Or to use her own words, 'When you make something visible for something invisible, the invisible becomes visible.' ' Marina Abramovich has long been associated with the occult. Her performance art often features Satanic themes and mock human sacrifice.
Here she is performing with Jay-Z – a man not shy about proclaiming Satanic beliefs.
Perhaps we we shouldn't be surprised Hillary Clinton's campaign manager John Podesta attends Satanic Spirit Cooking dinners. After all, Hillary Clinton appears to have banned use of the word 'God” during her campaign. Watch this woman struggle with her natural instincts while Hillary smiles knowingly at her side.


ARTICLE

The best kept secret of politics today is that it's liberals, not conservatives, who are racist, but it won't be such a secret after today. Of course, it's always been a matter of historical record that it was the Democrats who supported not just slavery but segregation as well. 
Via TruthAndAction 

In fact, they were so opposed to civil rights that they formed the Ku Klux Klan after the Civil War (remember Robert Byrd? It's no coincidence that he was a KKK Grand Wizard you know!)
But instead of owning up to their past misdeeds, Democrats peddle the fiction of a 'reset” that saw the racists in their party migrate to the GOP, allowing them to become a kinder, more tolerant organization. This narrative unravels, however, when one hears what one of the party's biggest donors had to say about African-Americans who don't vote the way he wants them to.
As one of the biggest donors to the Democratic Party, Benjamin Barber was easily able to gain access to a fundraiser for the Clinton campaign. The billionaire had trouble understanding how African-Americans could possibly vote differently from him however, expressing the sentiment that they were 'seriously f***ed in the head” for supporting the GOP and comparable to Jews who sold out their people during the Holocaust.
See the video below: 


ARTICLE

It's the sort of story that only feeds existing suspicions that the upcoming presidential election is being rigged to install Hillary Clinton in the White House regardless of the true vote count. 
Via TruthAndAction 

It strikes directly at the heart of the integrity of our election process and has the potential to cast doubt on the legitimacy of candidates who are declared the winners. The story in question appeared on the Infowars website, and while some of the details cannot be confirmed, it's worth a look .


Elections in the United States do not have a perfect record of being free from attempts to manipulate the results through fraud. As reprehensible as that may be, it's not entirely unexpected considering what's at stake. Aggressive efforts to insure the integrity of our elections and the prosecution of those who would corrupt them are essential to giving the winning candidates the legitimacy they deserve.
All of this has the potential to go out the window this year as accusations of voter fraud through the manipulation of the counting of the ballots are already rampant.
A recent story appearing on the Infowars news site claims to show that one TV station is already preparing to announce a Clinton victory.
A NBC station was caught posting election results showing a Hillary Clinton victory days before the election, fueling concerns that the mainstream media is conditioning the public to accept a rigged election favoring Hillary.
Political activists discovered a hidden web site for WRCB out of Chattanooga, Tenn. showing election results with Hillary Clinton securing 343 electoral votes and 42% of the popular vote.
The web site originated from the FTP server of WorldNow, a media software company that provides real-time data – such as election results – and other media assets to local news stations.
It's important to note that although Infowars claims that the site is a 'hidden site for WRCB,” we at Truth and Action could not independently verify this . Note that Infowars states that this 'hidden web site” is located in Chattanooga, Tennessee. A search of the domain name returns Ohio as the location where the domain name was registered, although that is not conclusive either as to the actual location where the site is maintained.
Even with these doubts about the authenticity of the web site under discussion, this news will do nothing to instill confidence, but will be one more factor furthering the suspicion and lack of trust surrounding the integrity of this year's presidential election.
In fact, it dovetails nicely with the 'fractional” method of counting the votes previously reported.
Election fraud expert Bev Harris was the first to uncover this method, which is also known as 'vote shaving.”
'You need to have votes counted as fractions,” Harris said on The Alex Jones Show Monday. 'You need the votes to be counted with decimal places, like you count money.”
'If a vote is a dollar, you also need to have cents with it. That will not show. It's hidden.”
Vote shaving works by treating votes as decimals rather than whole numbers, which allows the machines to allocate the remaining fractional percentages elsewhere to sway election outcomes.
'There's this one central computer, which at the end of the day, all the votes come to it,” Harris pointed out. 'That's where you take it. You don't run around to 5,000 different precincts. You wait until the votes come to you, and then you have your way with them.”
All of this is incredibly troubling. One ray of hope is that if there really is a concerted effort to rig the vote for Hillary, that the Trump campaign is vigilant and prepared to take all legal measures to expose any vote fraud and insure that the ballots are counted accurately resulting in a decision that truly does represent the will of the people.
Source: Infowars 


ARTICLE

Members of Congress have said that if Hillary Clinton is elected President next week they will start proceedings to have her impeached. 
Via YourNewsWire 
As Hillary Clinton's campaign implodes amid the FBI actively pursuing five separate probes, including one into claims that the Clinton Foundation is connected to a Washington pedophile ring, there is still a possibility that Democrats will stubbornly vote her in on Tuesday.
Yesterday during an interview on Fox News, Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul explained the process. 'If the investigation goes forward and it looks like an indictment is pending, at that point in time under the Constitution, the House of Representatives would engage in an impeachment trial.
It would go to the Senate and impeachment proceedings and removal would take place,” McCaul told Fox News' Bill Hemmer. 'I would hate to see this country thrown into a constitutional crisis because of Hillary Clinton's behavior.”
This again brings up the prospect of whether President Obama will pardon Clinton before she takes her oath of office. Meanwhile, the Oversight Committee is already bracing for years of investigationsshould Clinton move into the Oval Office.


ARTICLE

Almost six years have passed since the death of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi – a death that changed Libya forever. Arguably, once a stable country, it now fights an inner disease, known as Daesh or ISIL. 
Via AnonHQ 

However, the murder of the Libyan leader was orchestrated, some say because of his plan to question the standard money system. Gaddafi also wanted to introduce actual gold in the form of money – as the African Gold Dinar. This Dinar wouldn't be just paper money, but would represent value in the form of tangible precious metals itself, rather than within the government's vault. Gaddafi also wanted to trade oil for gold, not the American Dollar.
Apart from Libya being the largest oil producer in the upper African region (when under Gaddafi) and wanting the returns in gold (which obliviously made the west very upset) – Gaddafi's death makes things a bit different. If you remember his murder, then you would remember how he begged for mercy while covered in wounds and blood, and it going viral on the Internet. While these videos raced across the entire world, for all to see; this wasn't the case for another so-called terrorist, out of respect for the burial customs of the locals. Osama bin Laden, who was a supposed open threat to the United States, who was, at the time held accountable for the 9/11 attacks, had his body taken and thrown into the ocean without the humiliating torture and degradation posed in front of the world.
According to an article published by The Guardian , a completely different story emerged from the men who were present during Gaddafi's death. Mansur Dhao, one of the men present, who was in control of the defenses for Gaddafi, stated that Gaddafi never wanted to leave his country, nor was he running away, as it was portrayed in the blurry clip. Dhao said that Colonel Gaddafi changed locations every few days, and a few days before his death, Sirte (the place where he died) was under heavy siege. Therefore, it was unlikely for anyone to enter the city.
Apart from this, in the early hours of the morning, the defector force known as the Transitional National Council (TNC), took control of the final territory in Sirte and in an area no larger than 840 yards, Gaddafi's loyalists were ready to break out.
Having said that, when NATO hit the convoy, they were unaware that Gaddafi was in one of those cars, and according to a NATO official, those heavy vehicles were forcing their way out of Sirte, heading to the outskirts of the city. These vehicles had heavy weapons mounted on them; the locals were fearful, and NATO aircraft fired upon them. The attack destroyed more than twelve cars, and as a reaction, the convoy was scattered into several groups, with the members of TNC following those cars.
Many people from inside those cars that were fired upon, jumped, and Gaddafi was amongst them. Heavily wounded, he went into hiding, leaving behind a trail of blood, which led TNC members to his hiding place.
Here is an interesting documentary that gives details on the events that lead to the death of Colonel Gaddafi. https://t.co/0RcP7aydtS 
— Anon.Dos (@anondos_) October 28, 2016 
There were many people present that day, and several videos of Gaddafi's death are easily found. Fighters say that when they found Gaddafi, he was begging for them not to shoot him. Others, on the other hand say that Gaddafi's last words were, 'What did I do to you?”
Source: The Guardian , The Mirror 

ARTICLE

At least two police officers turned in their badges today after acknowledging that attacking peaceful protesters is not what they signed up for. 
Via TrueActivist 

It should be evident if you're following news concerning the Standing Rock protests in North Dakota that tension continues to escalate between protesters supporting the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and riot police. The big deal? A four-state Dakota Access Pipeline which threatens to uproot sacred burial ground, poison the Missouri river, and make null an 1881 treaty ensuring the property belongs to the Standing Rock Sioux tribe.
In addition to being maced and beaten with batons, activists have been tased and even shot with rubber bullets. Despite the violence taking place, tribal leaders continue to ask all 'water protectors” to maintain peaceful relations and rely on prayer as the only weapon used to halt construction of the DAPL.
After watching videos of the mass arrests and beating that have taken place, many have asked how those employed by the State can continue to terrorize weaponless protesters. Surely, some form of cognitive dissonance must be taking place? For some, most likely, and that's undoubtedly what inspired at least two officers to turn in their badges today. According to an activist named Redhawk, there have been reports of at least two officers turning in their badges after acknowledging that the battle against the American people is not what they signed up for.
On Facebook, the activist wrote:
'You can see it in some of them, that they do not support the police actions. We must keep reminding them they are welcome to put down their weapons and badge and take a stand against this pipeline as well. 
Some are waking up.” 
The comments on the ordeal have been quite positive. Charlotte Holywater Vincent wrote,
'Brave to stand up for what is right ! To hand over years of training and service in a little metal badge and then stand on the side of humanity.” 
Ron Hemming, who reportedly is a retired deputy in Washington, shared his thoughts:
'As a retired deputy in Washington state, I would have refused to go on a detail such as this. As I am also part native blood, I stand with my relatives on the front line protecting the water from the black snake. Be safe, stay strong.” 


ARTICLE

Julian Assange has undoubtedly been on a run, exposing endless and shocking truths regarding Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton just days before the election is set to reveal the path the next four years will take in the U.S. Via CollectiveEvolution 

And now there's more news to be baffled over, with Assange claiming Hillary Clinton misled Americans about the reality of Islamic State's support from Washington's Middle East allies. Last month, Assange's WikiLeaks made a 2014 email public that exposed how then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged then adviser to President Barack Obama John Podesta to 'bring pressure” on Qatar and Saudi Arabia, saying that they were 'providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL [Islamic State, IS, ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups.” In a video, Assange called the email the 'most important” of the entire collection of ammo WikiLeaks has obtained against the Clinton campaign: All serious analysts know, and even the US government has agreed, that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIS and funding ISIS, but the dodge has always been that it is some 'rogue” princes using their oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that it is the government of Saudi Arabia, and the government of Qatar that have been funding ISIS.
Assange sat down with veteran journalist John Pilger for a 25-minute interview within the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, where Assange has been living as a refugee since 2012. He discussed in detail the conflict of interest between Clinton's official position, which occurred during Obama's first term, husband Bill Clinton's nonprofit, and the Middle East officials, claiming the output or urgency to fight terrorism may not have been heartfelt.
Here is a valuable excerpt from the interview: 
John Pilger: The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the first two, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation, while Hillary Clinton is secretary of state, and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly Saudi Arabia.
Julian Assange: Under Hillary Clinton – and the Clinton emails reveal a significant discussion of it – the biggest-ever arms deal in the world was made with Saudi Arabia: more than $80 billion. During her tenure, the total arms exports from the U.S. doubled in dollar value
JP: Of course, the consequence of that is that this notorious jihadist group, called ISIL or ISIS, is created largely with money from people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation?
JA: Yes.
Pilger asked Assange if he thought the accusations against the Clinton campaign would have any effect on the Democratic nominee winning the 2016 presidential election. Assange also believes that next Tuesday's election is absolutely rigged, and is in favor of Hillary Clinton. He said,
My analysis is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he has had every establishment off his side. Trump does not have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them an establishment. Banks, intelligence, arms companies, foreign money, etc. are all united behind Hillary Clinton. And the media as well. Media owners, and the journalists themselves.


ARTICLE

Barack Obama has been out campaigning on behalf of Hillary Clinton the last month or so trying to help his investment, Hillary Clinton. As the race has heated up with the FBI reopening their investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, Hillary Clinton and her camp are starting to go crazy trying to find ways to combat the Trump Train that is about to leave them in the dust. 
Via USAPolitics 

First Hillary Clinton snapped at a protester at one of her rallies that shouted, 'Bill Clinton is a rapist,” having him escorted out after his remarks. Now Obama is losing control and this time on a veteran. Yes, that's right. A veteran!
Barack Obama doesn't deserve to be Commander-in-Chief if he's going to belittle the people that he sends into battle and harms way. An image of the Trump supporter protesting can be seen below.
Here's the pro-Trump protester who interrupted Obama rally pic.twitter.com/gbwzT3i1zU 
— Josh Lederman (@joshledermanAP) November 4, 2016 

What's even worse it that right before he belittled this great American patriot, he was insulting trump for making fun of American POWs, most notably John McCain.
Obama lost complete control after that screaming:
'Hey, he, hey, hey, hey!! HOLD UP! SIT DOWN! I'm speaking! BE QUIET!! HOLD UP!” 
He seems a bit desperate for attention to me.
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are losing control and they can't stand to see it. They are going to try everything in their power to cheat the system and probably try and rig the election so that they can maintain their power because they are connected on so many levels.
You can hear the screams and protests in the video above. Obama can't even control a crowd let alone an entire country. This can't be allowed to happen. We have to stop them for good and clean up the corrupt swamp that Washington has become.
 
 


ARTICLE

The medical community at large is a gasp as several holistic doctors were found dead after apparently committing 'suicide” over the last year. The fatalities have seemingly occurred after a breakthrough cancer treatment was just announced. 
Via AlternativeNews 

What is This New Treatment? The newly developed cancer treatment involves the human protein GcMAF (Globulin component Macrophage Activating Factor). GcMAF works by activating macrophages that are already present within the human body. These macrophages can fight against and destroy cancerous cells.
GcMAF is produced naturally inside the body however some people cannot make enough levels of this vital human protein to ward off disease and infection. The idea is that by administering this protein to people, the immune system can be strengthened to fight cancer and reducing the need for more intense, invasive procedures such as chemotherapy or radiation therapy. These forms of therapy can often lead to more cancer and deteriorate the human body. What the GcMAF Website Says: Your GcMAF empowers your body to cure itself. In a healthy person your own GcMAF has 11 actions discovered so far, including two on cells, three excellent effects on the brain, and 6 on cancer. Amongst these it acts as a 'director' of your immune system. Time lapse photography over 60 hours shows the cancer monolayer … first changing from corrugated to smooth … as the cancer is destroyed. [T]hen the cancer 'fingers' are also eaten and destroyed by the macrophages.

This news is welcomed by everyone. Well, everyone but the mutli-billion dollar cancer industry. The significance of GcMAF's power could put a major industry out of business – and that's the exact reason why the deaths of several holistic doctors has alarmed many.
In just one instance, Florida doctor Dr. Jeff Bradstreet, M.D., who focused heavily on researching GcMAF, was found dead in a river last year. Despite the fact that Bradstreet had a gunshot wound to his chest, his sudden death was ruled a suicide right away. This 'suicide” – which was later discovered to be a murder – is just out of about seven mysterious deaths that happened in the same time period – all of them holistic doctors who were focused on the potential of GcMAF to treat and cure cancer.
In just the last year, SIXTY deaths have been reported in the holistic community as more natural, less conventional routes to medicine are explored upon.
Although it's not known yet whether there is a correlation or not between these deaths, one thing's for certain in that it seems Big Pharma has a lot to lose by the research of these doctors who were taken too soon.
This amazing video shows GcMAF killing cancer cells: 


ARTICLE

Have you ever noticed that, sometimes, a certain celebrity seems ever so slightly off? Maybe its an errant beauty mark or the fact that their eyelids have begun to blink sideways. You can feel in your heart that something's just not right. That's because your darling idol is dead. 
Via GizModo 

Yet they're afraid that this stuff will get out, which is why they must use MIND CONTROL and MK-Ultra in order to keep their 'victims” (who are majority celebrities) silenced.
Now of course you're going to have media-controlled sites like BET refer to his TRUTH as a 'conspiracy” (which it isn't), and make it seem like cloning doesn't exist (which it does!) And the only time they call it something a ”conspiracy” is when they're hiding something… When they're hiding TRUTH.
Kinda like how they refer to as the '911 Inside Job” story a 'conspiracy,” when really it's TRUTH… and THEY KNOW it's TRUTH. But they have to keep it going as long as they can! They have to keep you under subliminal mind control so that you won't know what's REALLY going on, and the REAL agenda behind all this!
Tupac may be alive as well, take a look at his hologram being used at Coachella, California.
But don't take my word for it (because many of you won't). Here is proof from an actual celebrity who fills you in on the whole cloning biz, and exposes the Hollywood-entertainment demonic-Satanic agenda.
(By the way, in case you don't know who that is on the picture above, that is rapper-singer-songwriter B.O.B.)
Now, B.O.B. is actually in the industry. He knows the ins-and-outs of the entertainment business, the music business, and all the demonic initiations one has to adhere to in order to even become a household name! So if I'm going to believe anyone, it's not going to be mainstream media… it's going to be TRUTH.
Here I will leave links of what he says about cloning, and getting the TRUTH out to all those people who are sleeping, and don't think such a thing is even real. (HINT: If they can clone a sheep like they did in 1997, don't you think they can clone humans as well?)
Don't worry, though, because before they were killed, your favorite celebrity was cloned. Which means that unlike Paul McCartney (who was simply replaced with a lookalike), countless incarnations of your dearly departed could be walking among us for centuries to come.
But how do we know this? Why would anyone let this happen? And am I okay? As far as the first two are concerned, a man named Donald Marshall has the answers. The latter is anyone's guess.
As he revealed on Facebook in 2011, Donald Marshall, a clone himself, is an otherwise normal guy who had the bad luck of finding himself in a so-called 'cloning station” run by Queen Elizabeth. When Marshall was born, his family was already living in the cloning center. Yet in all his writings and interviews, he never specifies exactly why his family lived in this clandestine Illuminati palace in the first place. Details, details.
Still, Marshall's discussions on the matter have been extensive . A Google search for 'Donald Marshall cloning” brings up about 230,000 different results, many of which weren't even written by Marshall himself. Nearly every clone-related conspiracy blog out there has discussed him or his tale, and it's hard to find a video that makes mention of celebrity cloning without alluding to some aspect of the Donald Marshall canon.
The basics of his story (which do occasionally shift) go something like this: During his time at the cloning station, Marshall discovered that the entire operation is run by a collective consisting of the Freemasons, a group called 'The Vril Society,” and of course, Scientologists. This secret society super-group is what we know today as the ever-elusive Illuminati.
Members of the Illuminati (which naturally include all the G20 world leaders) typically meet in subterranean bunkers. The very same bunkers that, according to Marshall, house what has become a highly lucrative network of celebrity cloning farms.
The cloning part of the operation didn't actually start until some time after World War II, at which point, and as Marshall explains in his Facebook post, 'The political people started bringing movie stars and musicians there to hang around with them, they can control who remembers the cloning facility and who will remain oblivious even though not remembering still damages you.”
Some of these clones are used for mere entertainment value (gladiator-style wrestling bouts, sexual perversions, Illuminati ritual sacrifices, what have you). Others are kept as precautionary measures should the clone's original ever need a new liver. If you saw 2005 sci-fi flick The Island , you already know exactly what I'm talking about—because in a fit of hubris, The Island was produced by none other than the Illuminati themselves.
Organ harvesting is the least of your worries as a clone, though. In his original tell-all Facebook post from 2011, Marshall explained:
The royal family of England,… yes Queen Elizabeth, Phillip Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Charles are the worst of them, unbelievable depraved perverts all showing off for the celebrities that go there, Elizabeth has the children there call her 'lillibet” and does ungodly things to them, some she fakes being nice to, some she is terrible to, cutting them with swords while they scream, the decent people that are there against their will are afraid to say anything against them, most have their children there as a kind of hostage, to be torn apart if they even think of informing anyone, but as they have been torturing me terribly anyway I will tell all, Vladimir Putin loves to put the fear of torture and death into people but is essentially a cowardly pervert himself.
Most of the famous people are ashamed to speak or be seen by me there very much,as they're ashamed of the perverse and disgusting gatherings, I am a decent person and will not participate in these acts, so they use me as an example and torture me for my being a good person.
Just like with twins or Real Dolls, if you torture a person's clone, the original will feel it and might even undergo physical damage. Each new clone decreases your mental capacity, as well, so the more clones made, the easier that person is to hurt or subdue. Two of Queen Elizabeth's favorite pastimes.
And as all the pros know, if you really want to keep someone under your thumb, all you have to do is kill the original copy. Clones are notoriously obedient, which apparently comes in handy when you need them to churn out hit single after hit single. Don't take my word for it, just ask Avril's clone—or any of the other high profile clones below.
Britney Spears Britney Spears is dead. That is, assuming the now-defunct (but accessible here) website BritneyIsDead.com isn't lying to us.
Because back in 1998, right before dropping the now-classic rock opera Baby One More Time , Britney and Justin Timberlake got into a particularly nasty car accident that resulted in severe burns on Justin's part and an unfortunate case of decapitation on Britney's. (Justin is still in a coma; his clone roams free.)
Because pop stars must have heads, the label was forced to find a Britney Spears stand-in. This is where the stories begin to diverge. BritneyIsDead.com claims that the label's producers went to the mall and found a young look-a-like named Britney Shears. This seems unlikely and leaves us with only one possibility: Donald Marshall was right.
It was time to clone Britney.
Image: YouTube Over the years, plenty of Britney clones have come and gone, which would explain her many emotional ups and downs. According to Marshall, though, at any given time there are at least two to five backup clones waiting underground for their turn in the spotlight.
Like any clone, the Britney copies are not at all happy with their lot in life. So in 2009's 'Break the Ice,” one of the songs written for Britney by Donald Marshall during his time as a pop clone lyricist, she managed to sneak in some hints at the reality of her situation. This included an accompanying animated video that depicts her blowing up an actual cloning center.
And according to Marshall, the tubes detailed in the video look 'exactly” like the real tubes in the cloning center.
Image: YouTube Why Queen Elizabeth and the rest of her Illuminati cohorts would allow a menial clone to expose the secrets of their arcane operation, however, remains a mystery.
Eminem There have long been rumors that Eminem checked himself into rehab after a drug overdose in 2005. He even said a few years ago that he 'nearly died” at one point. He used the word 'nearly,” of course, because when one is survived by innumerable copies of one's former self, one can never really be dead.
When Slim Shady reached worldwide phenom status in the late 90s, the Illuminati approached him (as they do with all up and coming superstars) to see how willing he would be to join their gang of ultra-powerful miscreants. Shady foolishly declined, and was thus sent off to meet his demise in a fatal car crash. Or as far as the rest of the world was concerned, Eminem went to 'rehab.”
Of course, no clone is perfect. The video below, which is available for download here, goes so far as to point out the vocal disparities between the original Eminem and his counterpart.
And if that doesn't have you convinced, this shirting hairline surely will.
Image: YouTube Or perhaps this little yellow circle:
Image: YouTube And like noted clone Al Roker, Eminem's clone once suffered a glitch on live television and nearly gave himself away in the process.
No doubt that clone was killed immediately after the interview aired. Embarrassing!
Miley Cyrus Image: Imgur Back in 2010, as with all incurably rebellious teen sensations, Disney had Miley Cyrus killed and dumped her remains in the California desert.
There are two different possible reasons for this. One theory states that in the months before her 'accident,” Miley leaked nudes, smoked salvia, and wrote in a song that she was 'hot.” Which is to say, Miley Cyrus had become a national disgrace. To save its brand, Disney's was left with only one option: Murder.
The other theory (and the one outlined in the image above) alleges that Miley Cyrus refused the sexual advances of various Disney executives (her father included). After realizing that Miley intended to remain steadfast in her decision not to partake in their blood orgies, a Disney higher-up beat her up, left her for dead, and brought in the clones.
The Miley Cyrus conspiracies actually go even deeper than the rest. This YouTube video claims to contain proof that Miley Cyrus is 'a confirmed Draco Reptilian Shapeshifter Hybrid.” Note the eyelids.
Either way, whatever did replace end up replacing Miley is far more malicious than your typical clone. This Miley is mean.
So does that mean that every celebrity we see is actually a clone suffering under Queen Elizabeth's barbarous rule? Of course not. Not even the Queen Mother has the capacity to make that many celebrity doubles. But are most celebrities Illuminati clones? Almost certainly, yes.
Honorable mentions [ Those who have not yet been killed and replaced by clones but it's only a matter of time ]
Chloë Grace Moretz Stephen Curry James Franco Oprah's boyfriend Steadman Steve Harvey Dr. Oz Gizmodo editor-in-chief Katie Drummond Bono Everyone you love  
 
 
 


ARTICLE

Donald J. Trump was rushed offstage by security guards not long after he began speaking on Saturday night at a rally in Reno, Nev., in a startling scene that was not immediately explained. 
Via NewYorkTimes 

Two members of Mr. Trump's security detail raced toward Mr. Trump, with one of them grabbing him and forcibly escorting him away from the lectern. Moments before, Mr. Trump had seemed to notice a commotion in the crowd in front of him. As he was led away, video from the event appeared to show people near the stage subduing someone in the audience.
Soon after, police officers escorted a man into a bathroom away from the crowd. Several officers followed him inside, and several more stayed outside, guarding the door. With Mr. Trump off the stage, some in the crowd in the Reno-Sparks Convention Center grew confused and panicked.

'What's going on?” asked one woman, leaning over the metal barricades to inquire if the news media had any information. 'Are we in danger?” A few minutes later, Mr. Trump returned to the same lectern and indirectly addressed the matter.
'Nobody said it would be easy for us,” he said. 'But we will never be stopped. Never. Ever.” He added: 'I want to thank the Secret Service. They don't get enough credit. They are amazing people.”


ARTICLE

Via TruthAndAction SPONSORED LINKS 
The location of the tomb is inside the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem. The tomb has been sealed since at least 1555 A.D. and was opened briefly as work progressed in restoring the site. 
It's the location where the body of Jesus is said to have been placed after his crucifixion 2000 years ago. This tomb within the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem was opened for only 60 hours as renovation work progressed on this site that is holy to Christians. And a remarkable discovery was made. 
After removing the marble slab that encased the tomb, scientists at the University of Athens and National Geographic were stunned to find a limestone burial shelf intact and a second marble slab with a cross carved into its surface. Researchers were given the unprecedented access as part of restoration work. 
The team were shocked to find portions of the tomb are still intact today, having survived centuries of damage. The original surface was exposed during the restoration work being done at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in the Old City of Jerusalem, according to National Geographic. 
Until then, marble had encased the slab since at least 1555 AD, and likely centuries earlier. When work first began the conservation team from the National Technical University of Athens showed only a layer of material underneath the marble slab. 
But as researchers continued their work over the course of 60 hours – and with just a few hours left before the tomb was to be resealed, another marble slab with a cross carved into its surface was exposed. Highlighting the sensitivity of the tomb, scientists were given only 60 hours to view the site before it was sealed again. 
'This is the Holy Rock that has been revered for centuries, but only now can actually be seen,' said Antonia Moropoulou of the National Technical University of Athens, who is leading the restoration of the Edicule. 
The burial slab was enclosed in an 18th century shrine structure known as the Edicule – a word derived from the Latin term aedicule meaning 'little house'. The team cut a window into the southern interior wall of the Edicule, exposing one of the cave walls. 
The tomb has now been resealed and will probably not be opened again for hundreds, possibly even thousands, of years. But before it was resealed, the surface of the rock was extensively cataloged. 
There is considerable support for this being the actual place where Jesus' body was placed, although that cannot be known for certain. The evidence for this is not definitive, however, according to Dan Bahat, a former district archaeologist in Jerusalem and in Galilee. 
'We may not be absolutely certain that the site of the Holy Sepulchre Church is the site of Jesus burial, but we certainly have no other site that can lay a claim nearly as weighty, and we really have no reason to reject the authenticity of the site,' Bahat said. 
Given that the site might not be reopened for hundreds or thousands of years, this 60-hour window into the ancient past has given researchers as well as Christian believers an unprecedented opportunity to study the origins of the faith.

ARTICLE

Can you imagine living in a world of darkness, a world you weren't visually connected to? For many, this is the only reality they've ever known: for some, a new and terrifying experience. 
Via CollectiveEvolution 

Fortunately, scientists are on the brink of discovering how to use technology to restore sight to the blind. In fact, a group of surgeons from University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) recently implanted the world's first visual simulator chip into the brain of a 30-year-old blind woman. The patient, who wishes to remain anonymous, started losing her eyesight in 2008 as a result of a rare disease called Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome, which attacks the pigment in the eyes. After only a year, the disease took her eyesight from her; however, it did not take her hope. Eight years later, she can now see colours and shapes again thanks to a tiny simulator laid on the back of her brain.
How the 'Technology to Beat Blindness” Works The device implanted into the patient's brain was developed as part of the Orion I program by Second Sight . It was inspired by a similar device called the Argus II, which was released at the Manchester Royal Eye Hospital in 2015 and involves a similar camera that sends images to an implant behind the eye. However, in order for the Argus II to be successful, it requires the patient to have at least some working retinal cells. The technology behind Orion I was specifically designed for those who cannot benefit from the Argus II, as it takes this concept even further by making it compatible with those who have complete blindness as well. Since the system sends signals directly to the brain, it could theoretically work to restore sight to anyone , including those who lost an eye or were blinded by cancer ( source ).
In August 2016, Dr. Nader Pouratian implanted the simulator, an array of tiny electrodes, behind this woman's brain. The surgery took only four hours to complete and involved opening a small hole in the back of her skull and inserting the simulator onto the surface of her brain. He then placed a tiny antenna receiver, which receives signals from a computer, into this hole. Following her procedure, the patient was tested for six weeks to determine the results of her new 'bionic eye.” The results have been extremely positive so far, as the patient has seen the precise signals researchers sent to her visual cortex, the area of the brain that receives images from the optic nerve.
Dr. Pouratian explained , 'The moment she saw color for the first time was a very emotional experience. It touched us all very deeply as human beings. Based on these results, this system has the potential to restore sight to the blind.”
Check out this UCLA video that explains how the technology works: 
Next Steps Toward Restoring the Patient's Eyesight The UCLA doctors are now awaiting approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, anticipated to be granted in early 2017, to continue their experiments using the entire Orion I program. The tests would involve the patient wearing a pair of high-tech glasses with a camera on the bridge. Using the images captured from the glasses' camera, Orion I would send those video signals to the brain, allowing the patient to see what's directly in front of them ( source ).
Here's a diagram that illustrates how the program works:

Dr Robert Greenberg, chairman of Second Sight, hopes this technology will improve all manner of eye injuries: 'It is rare that technological development offers such stirring possibilities. By bypassing the optic nerve and directly stimulating the visual cortex, the Orion I has the potential to restore vision to patients blinded due to virtually any reason, including glaucoma, cancer, diabetic retinopathy, or trauma.”
Final Thoughts In a world where being able to see is sometimes crucial for survival, Orion I could help transform the lives of many people suffering from blindness. This technology could provide a glimmer of hope to millions of people all over the world who never thought they'd see again. This patient's story serves as a beautiful reminder that you can always find hope in the darkest of times and that literally anything is possible.
'I find hope in the darkest of days and focus in the brightest.” – Dalai Lama 


ARTICLE

During a rally in Tuesday night in Florida, Hillary Clinton lied. Wait a second, that's not surprising. That's like saying the sky is blue . . . unless you're a liberal, in which case you'll probably say 'the sky is green” and 'how dare you discriminate against it.” 
Via TruthAndAction 

At least you can say this about Hillary Clinton, she's consistent. She's a consistent liar, a consistent hypocrite and most of all, she's a consistent criminal. Unlike most of her past lies, which have somewhat intricate and easy to believe for the lazy minded, her latest lie is so far-fetched and comes at a time when she's seeking as much sympathy as she can get, that you would have to be the world's biggest idiot to believe it.
During her rally in Florida, Hillary claimed that she was in New York City on 9/11. The only problem is that she wasn't. Not even the media can back up this claim, because many of them wrote sob stories about how she was in Washington that day.
Uh oh . . .
Not only was she not in New York, there's a story published by Politico about exactly what she did that day and how she reacted when she heard the news. Clinton did go to New York, but not until the following the day.
She had CNN on as she talked on the phone with her legislative director when the first plane hit. Then the second. By the time she got to the Capitol, the Pentagon had been hit by a third plane. Capitol police were evacuating Senate office buildings. She dialed her daughter, who was in New York. She dialed her husband, who was in Australia. She and other senators received a briefing at the Capitol police station early in the evening. And after 'a day indelibly etched in my mind,” and as nightfall approached, Clinton joined congressional colleagues on the steps of the Capitol, standing next to some of her fiercest political opponents, singing 'God Bless America” with tears in her eyes. 
Her statements came as she was opening old wounds revolving around the Pulse night club in Florida. She claimed that she was in New York on 9/11 and that she would defeat ISIS and protect America. Does that include from herself? Let's hope she doesn't get the opportunity.
Source: dailycaller.com 


ARTICLE

We know by now that various governmental institutions have spilled the beans regarding the existence of UFOs, but the Chinese want to break the ice and expose it all. 
Via AlternativeNews 

Because of the constant pressure posed by the people willing to know the truth of what's really happening on this planet, they had no choice other than declassify decades of thorough investigations of unidentified flying objects.
The CIA, the FBI, the Navy, NASA, military officials, retired astronauts, ex-personnel of area 51, plus many other governments from Brazil, Russia, and recently China, are all admitting at least in part or in full that really some messed up things are happening around us, with cause probably being otherworldly.
Scroll Down For Video Although this data has been known for quite some time by those actively investigating the UFO phenomenon, there are others who are just waking up to this reality and who deserve to know the truth.
In a recent gathering of the non-profit organization known as Citizen Hearing, Shi-Li Sun, an esteemed researcher and president of the Chinese UFO Federation has stepped forward denouncing this concealed reality of UFOs.
According to him, the UFO phenomenon not only is authentic, but it stretches back tens of thousands of years, to a time when ancient China was barely shaping its culture and traits. In his acceptance, otherworldly visitors might had impacted our entire society, and for an unknown period of time contributed to the foundation of humanity before vanishing into outer space, probably to return at a later date to check on Earth's well-being. In Chinese culture, all these otherworldly beings personified as deities were converted into a single great cosmic beast – the Dragon.
Chinese people consider ourselves as the descendant of Dragon, and Dragon is from outer space in the Chinese culture, so in the Chinese culture we are from outer space as descendant of Dragon,” Shi-Li affirmed.
To break this short, here is what he had to say on behalf of himself, and all the prominent figures involved in the Chinese UFO Organization:
Certainly, after years of research, a large number of Chinese UFO scholars, including myself, are convinced of the authenticity of UFO, the existence of UFOs and aliens…So, we believe in the existence of UFOs, we believe in the existence of aliens and extraterrestrials.”
If you want to find all the spicy details unraveled by the Chinese, make sure to watch the official statement in the video below. Oh, and don't forget to spread the word about these groundbreaking news, everyone deserves to know about this. [Skip to 6:50 mark for the statement]


ARTICLE

His name is King Leopold II of Belgium and the living incarnation of evil killed over 10 million innocent people in what is now called the Democratic Republic of Congo. Of the Europeans who scrambled for control of Africa at the end of the 19th century, Belgium's King Leopold II left arguably the largest and most horrid legacy of all. — BBC 
Via AnonHQ 

Reign Of Terror To fulfill his dream to establish Belgium as an imperial power, Leopold led the first European efforts to develop the Congo River basin, founded his own private colony – the Congo Free State – in 1885 with the pretext to improve the lives of the native inhabitants, only to annex it as the Belgian Congo in 1908.
Under the reign of terror instituted by Leopold, as many as 10 million Africans lost their lives to one man's greed, exploitation and brutality that Africa and the world must not forget. Presenting himself as a philanthropist eager to open the heart of Africa to Christian missionaries, Western capitalists, and Western civilization, Leopold embarked on an ultimately successful effort to make a vast fortune from his new possession by committing widespread atrocities against his colonial subjects.
He 'bought” the Congo and enslaved its people, turning the entire country into his own personal slave plantation. He disguised his business transactions as 'philanthropic” and 'scientific” efforts under the banner of the International African Society. He used their enslaved labor to extract Congolese resources and services. His reign was enforced through work camps, body mutilations, executions, torture, and his private army. — Films For Action
The photo above shows a man named Nsala Wala with his daughter's hand and foot. Alice Harris, working as a missionary in the Congo, took the photo in May 1904, after he had come into her mission at Baringa with a small package containing the severed body parts.
Leopold never set foot in 'his” Congo — for all the 23 years — but his 'rubber terror” and barbarity knew no bounds. Since the Congo economy was largely operated by forced labour, the effects were devastating. 10 million Congolese were either murdered or worked to death by Leopold's private army. Women were starved and systematically raped, worker's hands were cut off and hundreds and thousands of indigenous people endured kidnapping, looting and village burnings. Adam Hochschild, author of King Leopold's Ghost, writes:
'Some were beaten or whipped to death for failing to meet the rigid production quotas for ivory and rubber harvests, imposed by Leopold's agents. Some were worked to death, forced to labor in slave like conditions as porters, rubber gatherers or miners for little or no pay. Some died of the diseases introduced to (and spread throughout) the Congo by Europeans. And still others died from the increasingly frequent famines that swept the Congo basin as Leopold's army rampaged through the countryside, appropriating food and crops for its own use while destroying villages and fields.
'Hostage-taking and the grisly severing of hands (from corpses or from living human beings) were part of the government's deliberate policy — a means of terrorizing others into submission. As the 'rubber terror” spread through the Congolese rain forest, entire villages were wiped out: Hundreds of dead bodies were dumped in rivers and lakes, while baskets of severed hands were routinely presented to white officers as evidence of how many people had been killed.”
The Curious Case of World Ignorance Ever wondered why the world and the media don't remember Leopold and why his name doesn't produce fear, hatred, and sorrow? Leopold ensured that his crimes would never make it into the history books. Shortly after the turnover of the colony, Hochschild writes, the furnaces near Leopold's palace burned for eight days, turning most of the Congo state records to ash and smoke.
Is there a hidden agenda to not talk about genocides in Africa perpetrated by European capitalist monarchs? There's a Wikipedia page called 'Genocides in History” but the Congolese Genocide isn't included in the list despite the fact that attempting to eliminate a portion of the population is enough to qualify as genocide under the UN convention. Wonder why?
He's part of a long history of colonialism, imperialism, slavery and genocide in Africa that would clash with the social construction of the white supremacist narrative in our schools. It doesn't fit neatly into a capitalist curriculum. Stories which support the white supremacist narrative about the sub-humanness of people in Africa are allowed to be entered into the records of history. The white guy who turned the Congo into his own personal part-plantation, part-concentration camp, part-Christian ministry and killed 10 to 15 million Congolese people in the process doesn't make the cut. — Liam O'Ceallaigh


ARTICLE

This is completely disgraceful. Obama is advocating committing VOTER FRAUD on live television as ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS are not permitted to vote. 
Via AlternativeNews 

Barack Obama has gone on record encouraging illegal immigrants to vote in the United States presidential election.
Appearing on MiTu, a YouTube channel aimed at Latino millenials, Obama was asked by the host Gina Rodriguez if undocumented immigrants should be fearful of voting. But rather than setting her straight and telling her that voting is a sacred right of citizens, and if you are an undocumented immigrant you are not a citizen, Obama actually encourages illegals to sneak into a booth somehow and vote.
How desperate are the Democrats? As the polls tighten and Hillary's campaign lurches from one scandal to another, the president of the United States, making the rules up as he goes along, is urging non-citizens to vote.
Source : (Truth Feed) 


ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton is responsible for the death of Vince Foster – at least according to an astonishing WikiLeaks email. 
Via Yournewswire 

The email chain is part of the WikiLeaks' Global Intelligence Files, over five millions emails from Stratfor, the Texas headquartered 'global intelligence” company. In the email Matthew Powers tells Sean Noonan, 'I thought Vince Foster was the only person the Clinton's killed. How naive I was .”

The full email can be viewed here. 
WikiLeaks.org was targeted by a massive DDoS attack late Sunday night. The website was taken offline minutes after the massive DNCLeak2 dump and WikiLeaks topics including Vince Foster began trending on Twitter.
Twitter was also taken offline in DDoS attack.
Twitter & #wikileaks both went down right when #VinceFoster and #DNCLeak2 started trending.
Because of this email- https://t.co/TkvUxPtAHQ pic.twitter.com/BbqdmSzwU4 
— Deplorable Manon (@aristocratssoul) November 7, 2016 

Was the DDoS attack an attempt at suppressing new information?
In 1993, during the Clinton administration, Vince Foster, a personal friend of Hillary Clinton and Deputy White House Council, was found dead in his car. Though two investigators – Robert Fiske and Kenneth Starr – separately concluded that Foster shot himself and died, his suicide has long been considered suspicious.
New evidence 
Recently discovered evidence suggests Vince Foster did not commit suicide, but died of two gunshot wounds to the neck – not the one wound initially reported.
Discovered in the files of the National Archives and Records Administration, Starr's lead prosecutor Miguel Rodriguez submitted a 2-page resignation letter and a 31 page memo about the injuries Foster sustained. Rodriguez notes in the letter details about injuries around Foster's neck which were not reported in official government documents.
At the time, the FBI claimed that Foster's neck injury photos were underexposed, and therefore useless to them. Rodriguez claims that after he produced additinal damning evidence of a possible Foster murder cover-up, he became a target and was investigated internally!
In the letter, he explained twelve ways in which the case has mishandled and compromised. Then, he noted: 'I steadfastly maintained, and continue to maintain, that I, at all times, conducted myself as an experienced and trained prosecutor, with years of federal prosecutorial experience and federal grand jury experience.”
These records indicate Foster didn't really die from one .38 caliber gunshot… but two gunshots! The other shot was on the right side of his neck, made by a 'small caliber” bullet hole. This raises serious questions about Foster's motives for suicide. He was tied to Hillary Clinton's roles in White House scandals at Whitewater and the White House Travel Office.
Here is the new evidence in the Vince Foster case:

The Political Insider reports :
The theory is, as Vince Foster was one of Hillary's closest friends, he knew too much about these scandals. In fact, he may have had a romantic relationship with the then first-Lady.
Foster had been a long-time friend and companion to Hillary. The two shared a brokerage account called Midlife Partners. When Barbara Walters asked Hillary if she had been having an affair with Vince Foster, Hillary lowered her eyes and told the 20/20 cameras, 'He was a very special man.” When he died, Hillary said publicly that Vince Foster was the last person who would have committed suicide. Friends reported she was genuinely shocked and aggrieved.
Why, then, did Hillary lie under oath about the last time she saw Vince Foster?
Testifying before the Office of the Independent Counsel (OIC) in 1994, she claimed that the last time she had spoken to Vince Foster was on the phone 'the Friday or Saturday before Father's Day.” Yet documents from the National Archives, acquired by the New York Megaphone, show that Foster's assistant, Tom Castleton, reported he 'saw Hillary Clinton in Foster's office approximately four times during the five weeks he was employed.” Castleton didn't start working for Foster until after Father's Day, 1993.
According to Ambrose Evans-Pritchard in a 1996 Telegraph (UK) article, Hillary Clinton asked Vince Foster to help her spy on her libertine husband in 1990. Foster hired Jerry Parks, an Arkansas investigator who later worked as the head of security for the Clinton/Gore campaign. According to Parks's widow, 'Jerry asked Vince why he needed this stuff on Clinton. He said he needed it for Hillary.” When Vince Foster showed up dead in a Washington-area public park in the summer of 1993, Parks was terrified. Two months later Parks was shot nine times at close range, at a stoplight, in his SUV, in Little Rock. Parks's home was then raided by eight Federal agents, including officers from the FBI, IRS, Secret Service, and (unusual for a domestic case) the CIA.
If true, this means Vince Foster was murdered to make sure he didn't tell the world what he knew about President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary. He was too honest, and therefore couldn't be trusted anymore.
This is actually worse than transmitting classified documents on a home email server… This is murder!


ARTICLE

A study conducted at QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute in Queensland, Australia has recently shed new light on what could become the next big cancer treatment: the blushwood berry. 
Via AlternativeNews 

This naturally occurring fruit contains compounds that began killing off cancer cells almost immediately when studied in the laboratory. The Guardian Reports Scientists have managed to destroy cancerous tumors by using an experimental drug derived from the seeds of a fruit found in north Queensland rainforests.
The drug, called EBC-46, was produced by extracting a compound from the berry of the blushwood tree, a plant only found in specific areas of the Atherton Tablelands. A single injection of the drug directly into melanoma models in the laboratory, as well as into cancers of the head, neck and colon in animals, destroyed the tumours long-term in more than 70% of cases, the study's lead author, Dr Glen Boyle, said.
'In preclinical trials we injected it into our models and within five minutes, you see a purpling of the area that looks like a bruise,” Boyle, from the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute said.
'About 24 hours later, the tumour area goes black, a couple of days later you see a scab, and at around the 1.5 week mark, the scab falls off, leaving clean skin with no tumour there. The speed certainly surprised me.”
Researchers believe the drug triggers a cellular response which cuts off the blood supply to the tumor by opening it up. That's why we see a bruise-like situation forming in the tumour,” Boyle said. 'This seems to lead to an activation of the body's own immune system which then comes in and cleans up the mess.”
It has been used by veterinarians in about 300 cases of cancer in companion animals including dogs, cats and horses. There was no evidence EBC-46 would be effective to treat cancers that had spread to other parts of the body, known as metastatic cancers, Boyle said.
The drug is being developed as a human and veterinary pharmaceutical through QBiotics, a subsidiary of the company which discovered the drug, called EcoBiotics. The company is also examining the potential for a blushwood plantation. Ethical approval was recently granted for phase 1 human clinical trials, but even if those proved successful, it was unlikely the drug would replace conventional chemotherapy treatment, Boyle said.
'Chemotherapy is still used because it is very effective for a lot of people,” he said. 'But EBC-46 could perhaps be used in people who, for some reason, chemotherapy doesn't work [for], or for elderly patients whose body can't sustain another round of chemotherapy treatment.” The preclinical trial was funded by QIMR Berghofer and the National Health and Medical Research Council and the results were published in the journal PLOS One.
Healthy & Natural World Reports :
Blushwood Berries – Where they Come From Blushwood berries are the fruit of the blushwood tree, which is known to grow in only one region of the world: the rainforests of Far North Queensland, Australia. These tropical trees are not found anywhere else on the globe, but grow in abundance near Australia's northeastern tip.
These particular trees need very niche conditions to thrive—conditions which can only be found in specific portions of Far North Queensland, Australia. Considering their usefulness as proven by the latest cancer research published in PLOS One , some are wondering if they could be grown in a greenhouse environment, so that people all over the world could benefit from their cancer-killing properties.
Blushwood Berries – What kind of Cancer they Eradicate The researchers at QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute, headed by Dr. Glen Boyle, used an experimental drug produced from the seeds of blushwood berries called EBC-46. They used this drug to treat spots of melanoma (the most deadly form of skin cancer) on dogs, cats and horses.
The subjects were diagnosed by veterinarians and given a poor prognosis, most being considered candidates for euthanasia prior to participating in the study. Amazingly, these animals that had been on death's door prior to the study had their melanoma tumors disappear after treatment in the lab by Dr. Boyle and his team of scientists.
Tumors were Gone within 48 Hours When the EBC-46 was injected into the cancerous cells on the subjects, the tumors reacted by turning a dark color, then falling off. The derivative from the blushwood berry is thought to cut off oxygen supply to the cancer cells, allowing for the removal of tumors without the need for surgery, chemotherapy or radiation therapy.
The researchers reported that most of the subjects' tumors—previously considered a lost cause by veterinarians—were gone within 48 hours of being injected with EBC-46. Under the microscope, the individual cancer cells began shriveling up and dying within mere moments of coming into contact with the EBC-46.


ARTICLE

One person has been killed and three others injured in a shooting at a polling station in Los Angeles, California. 
Via YourNewsWire 
Two nearby polling stations in Azusa, a northern suburb of Los Angeles, have been placed on lockdown, along with two schools. The shooting was reported around 2pm local time (5pm eastern), and some reports indicate that it may have involved a police officer, and that the suspect is still at large
'This is a very volatile and critical situation,” Officer Jerry Willison of the Azusa Police Department said, according to the Times. The Azusa P.D. provided the following timeline of events.
Incident began at 202pm with reports of shots fired near Memorial Park 320 N Orange Ave.
— Azusa Police (@AzusaPD) November 9, 2016 
1st arriving officers arrived/found multiple shooting victims.. they came under fire… Multiple ofcrs returned fire
— Azusa Police (@AzusaPD) November 9, 2016 
The Times reports that the suspect ended up surrounded by police after retreating to a house, and was recognized by a witness who lives in the area. The polling place near where the shooting took place has been locked down, and so are area schools. The Los Angeles County Registrar is advising votersto avoid the area and use other polling locations.


ARTICLE

The U.S. military announced that they had begun a 'major” offensive in Raqqa, Syria, the de facto ISIS capital. 
Via YourNewsWire 
The announcement on Sunday would pave the way for Hillary Clinton to declare a no-fly zone in northeast Syria should she be elected president.. and a no fly zone will require going to war with Syria and Russia.
Approximately 30,000 fighters will participate in the U.S.-led operation. The group expected to carry out the bulk of the fighting is the Kurdish People's Protection Units, or the YPG. The YPG is the military extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), a group that is on the U.S. terrorism list.
(It is not known if U.S. officials were asked about the duplicity of declaring the PKK a terrorist group while at the same time working with them in the region.)
The U.S. will first attempt to seal off Raqqa before venturing into the city itself – actions that government officials say will not be completed prior to Barack Obama leaving office. 'We always advertised that the isolation phase (of Raqqa) is going to take months,” Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford was quoted as saying on Sunday.
The announcement paves the way for Hillary Clinton to declare a no-fly zone in northeastern Syria upon entering the Oval Office. A no-fly zone would 'require us to go to war against Syria and Russia,” Danford told the Senate in September.
In discussing no-fly zones on Friday, Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein said, 'for us to declare a no-fly zone means get ready for war with Russia.” In a separate interview, Stein said, 'this is a mushroom cloud waiting to happen.”


ARTICLE

Lady Gaga rocked a futuristic Nazi uniform at a Hillary rally in North Carolina yesterday, throwing her weight behind the Clinton camp's assault on the First and Second Amendments. 
Via YourNewsWire 
Heil Hitlary!
However there was widespread backlash against her outfit on social media. 'The pop star spoke out to give the Democrat a boost, but her outfit raised some eyebrows. POP icon Lady Gaga has been slammed for her bizarre outfit while speaking at a Hillary Clinton rally, as social media users likened it to a Nazi uniform.
The singer addressed supporters of the Democratic presidential candidate in North Carolina ahead of today's election, urging them to get out and vote while also calling for reconciliation between Clinton's and Donald Trump's supporters.
Speaking of her admiration for Clinton, the 30-year-old told the crowd: 'No matter how absurd and mean [Trump] became, she smiled bravely and she continued on.”She added that Hillary Clinton is 'made of steel” and said: 'If we are true, true Americans, then we must go from viewing his followers as our adversaries to viewing them as our allies.” HEIL #HITLLARY !
– @LadyGaga 's #Nazi Salute at #Hillary Rally. #HeilHitllary #HeilHillary pic.twitter.com/ZmliQPadb1 
— Deplorable Dmitry (@DmitryTamoikin) November 8, 2016 



ARTICLE

Following Donald Trump's victory in the presidential election, Russian leader Vladimir Putin said that his country is ready and looking forward to restoring bilateral relations with the United States. 
Via Yournewswire 
Former Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has also said that one of the first things the new US leader should do is reach out to Russian President to reset relations. He said anti-Russian sentiment in America has reached boiling point and was at its worst level since the Cold War. Putin was one of the first world leaders to congratulate Trump on his victory, expressing hope that the two countries will continue collaborative work on international issues
'We heard [Trump's] campaign rhetoric while still a candidate for the US presidency, which was focused on restoring the relations between Russia and the United States,” President Putin said, speaking at the presentation ceremony of foreign ambassadors' letters of credentials in Moscow.
'We understand and are aware that it will be a difficult path in the light of the degradation in which, unfortunately, the relationship between Russia and the US are at the moment,” he added. Speaking about the degraded state of relations between the countries, the president once again stressed that 'it is not our fault that Russia-US relations are as you see them.”
Earlier today, in a message to Donald Trump the Russian President expressed confidence that the dialogue between Moscow and Washington, in keeping with each other's views, meets the interests of both Russia and the US.
The Russian leader noted in the message that he hopes to address some 'burning issues that are currently on the international agenda, and search for effective responses to the challenges of the global security,” RIA Novosti reported.
On top of it, Putin has expressed confidence that 'building a constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington, based on principles of equality, mutual respect and each other's positions, meets the interests of the peoples of our countries and of the entire international community.”
Russian State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin has also expressed hope that Trump's victory in the presidential election will help pave the way for a more constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington.
'The current US-Russian relations cannot be called friendly. Hopefully, with the new US president a more constructive dialogue will be possible between our countries,” he said. 'The Russian Parliament will welcome and support any steps in this direction,” Volodin added on Wednesday.
A member of the Federation Council Committee on Defense and Security, Senator Aleksey Pushkov, has meanwhile noted that Hillary Clinton's stake on the conflict with Russia has eventually done her a terrible disservice.
'[Playing the] 'Russian card' and portraying Putin as a bad guy did not help Clinton. On the contrary, staking on the conflict with Moscow has only caused fear, doing her a disservice,” he tweeted.
According to many observers, US-Russia relations are now at their lowest point since the Cold War. Putin has repeatedly noted that the worsening of Russia's relations with the US 'was not our choice,” however. For things to improve between Moscow and Washington, the US should first and foremost start acting like an equal partner and respect Russia's interests rather than try to dictate terms, Putin said last month.
The US will have to negotiate with Russia on finding solutions to international issues as no state is now able to act alone, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said last week, adding that problems in bilateral relations began to mount long before the Ukrainian crisis broke out in 2014.


ARTICLE

Russia is hoping for a 'new understanding” and 'restored Russian-American relations” according to Kremlin sources, with President Putin said to be 'encouraged” by the American people voting to back themselves and reject the prospect of a New World Order totalitarian world government. 
Via Yournewswire 
According to sources, Putin believes that the result of the U.S. election proves the globalists' destructive agenda is deeply unpopular with real people, and when given a chance they will instinctively reject it out of hand.
'The American people stood up against the media, the banks, the establishment, everything was against them, but they said enough. They want change.”
Putin vowed to destroy the New World Order in 2016, and it appears people all over the world have started to wake up and resonate with his goal. The President is 'deeply encouraged” that his determination to destroy the invasive organisation's agenda is shared by people all over the world, and gaining momentum all the time.
This election result represents the biggest uprising by the American people against the elite who run the country since the Boston Tea Party in 1771, and the New World Order controlled puppets in Washington are reeling. All of the elite – politicians, bankers, economists, celebrities – told the people to vote for the NWO selected candidate, Hillary Clinton. But the people are waking up. The people said no.
The Rothschild NWO cabal will be pacing nervously in their mansions, wondering how to deal with this massive, unexpected blow to their globalist agenda. Their roadmap to arriving at a one world government – so close, yet so far away – has been thrown off course by this uprising of the people.
In an annual press conference with his countrymen last April, Putin expressed skepticism about the American electoral process, which he believes is corrupt – elite family clans taking turns occupying the White House. He also hinted at how he personally saw Hillary Clinton.
'First there was Bush senior in power, then Bush junior. [Bill] Clinton was[U.S. President] two times in a row, now his wife has ambitions. Again, the family might stay in power. As they say in Russia, a husband and a wife are the same Satan.”
Neither side of the political establishment wanted Trump anywhere near the White House. The mainstream media were vilifying him. In short, the sock puppets of the New World Order were united against him. They have a lot to lose if somebody who isn't playing by their rules takes control – and their nightmare has come true.
Do not be surprised if the mainstream media attempt to convince you of something deeply disturbing in the near future. Never in history has the NWO had such a firm grip on mainstream media operations.
The New World Order controlled elites in Washington did not expect this blow and they will be a scrambling to take back control.
Triggered by a massive popular uprising, stoked by wholly rational fears, and fired up by hard facts, America has regained its status as a powerful, sovereign nation. The people chose to make the United States powerful again, to take control of their economy, and make themselves respected in the eyes of the world. They have taken the bull by the horns and backed themselves as American. They have voted for advance over stagnation. It is the answer for our times.


ARTICLE

Via Yournewswire 
Let the swamp draining begin. And when the murky stench begins to clear we all know what we will see – a bloated, slimy creature called Hillary Clinton shivering in the shallows. SPONSORED LINKS 
Removed from the corridors of power, she won't be able to say 'I don't recall” 357 times to FBI investigators and get away with it. Her people won't be able to plead the fifth every time they are asked an incriminating question. Hillary is going down, and a lot of her cronies are going with her. 
The arrogance of the Democratic establishment in thinking the country would endorse these people is staggering. Podesta, essentially a foreign agent for Saudi Arabia – with a brother, Tony, a Spirit Cooker who is actually on Saudi books as an agent. You can't make this stuff up. 
And don't forget Huma Abedin, thrown off the the campaign in a disastrous, scandal-riddled final week, exposed as being lax with national security – and having close ties to the Muslim Brotherhood. Her only experience prior to employment as a Hillary State Dept aide? 10 years working at a radical Islamic journal with links to jihad. The Democrat campaign was a dumpster fire. Burn, baby, burn. 
The Democratic establishment should never have nominated such a liability for president. The people wanted Bernie Sanders. The DNC should have let the primary election play out democratically, as their name suggests they would. But no, they interfered, suppressed the voice of their people, and forced a flawed, roundly disliked and distrusted candidate into the full glare of a brutal election season. 
On election night the Democratic establishment got the pounding they deserve. 
Never let the mainstream media's disgraceful collusion with the Clinton campaign be forgotten. May the ignominy live forever. Funneling questions to Clinton so she could defeat her primary rival in debates, colluding with Clinton's campaign manager John Podesta – at his house – to 'frame the message” and 'frame the race,” lying to the American people about their first amendment rights, attempting to scare the population away from being informed. 
CNN is a PR firm, the propaganda arm of the establishment, not a member of the fourth estate. They have been thoroughly exposed by WikiLeaks in 2016. RIP Clinton News Network. Go to hell. 
Don't forget about the ongoing FBI investigation into the corrupt Clinton Foundation. When Comey cleared her of wrongdoing this week, he was referring to her email scandal. The less publicized Clinton Foundation investigation is still ongoing. The probe was going to hound her into the White House, but now it's going to throw her in the jailhouse.

ARTICLE

Since even before the presidential primaries began, the idea of a Donald Trump presidency made some celebrities threaten they would leave the country if it happened. Here are 18 celebrities who pledged to flee the United States and live in exile in the event of a Trump win. Let's make them to stick to it! 
Via Yournewswire 1. Barbra Streisand 

'I can't believe it. I'm either coming to your country if you'll let me in, or Canada,” the singer told 60 Minutes in an interview in August. Streisand has been a vocal supporter of Clinton's candidacy, and appeared at a high-profile fundraiser for the candidate in New York City earlier this year.
2. Bryan Cranston 

'I would definitely move. It's not real to me that that would happen. I hope to God it won't,” Cranston said in October of the possibility of a Trump victory. The Breaking Bad star suggested he would take a permanent vacation to Vancouver.
3. Miley Cyrus 

The young pop star said she would 'move out da country” if Trump, whom she called a ' f*cking nightmare ” were to win the election.
'My heart is broken into a 1 pieces…I am moving if this is my president! I don't say things I don't mean!” she wrote in an Instagram post.
4. Lena Dunham 

The Girls star said there is a ' 100 percent chance ” she will pick up and move to Canada if Trump prevails on Election Day.
'I love Canada. I think that it's a great place, and there's an area in Vancouver that I find beautiful and appealing, and I can conduct business from there,” the actress and Clinton surrogate said.
5. Amy Schumer 

The comedian and Trainwreck actress said Spain would be her destination of choice if Trump wins the presidency.
'My act will change because I will need to learn to speak Spanish,” Schumer said in an appearance on the BBC's Newsnight in September. 'Because I will move to Spain or somewhere. It's beyond my comprehension if Trump won. It's just too crazy.”
6. Jon Stewart 

The former Daily Show funnyman may want to connect with billionaire space pioneer Elon Musk if Trump wins; he told People magazine last year that he would consider 'getting in a rocket and going to another planet, because clearly this planet's gone bonkers.”
7. Cher 

The same goes for pop icon Cher, who wrote on Twitter that she would be moving to Jupiter if Trump wins. The 'Believe” singer has appeared with Hillary Clinton at campaign events this year.
8. Chelsea Handler 

The comedian and talk-show host said she had already made a contingency plan in the event of a Trump win.
'I did buy a house in another country just in case,” Handler said in an interview on ABC's Live with Kelly and Michael in May. 'So all these people that threaten to leave the country and then don't — I actually will leave that country.”
9. Samuel L. Jackson 

'If that motherf*cker becomes president, I'm moving my black ass to South Africa,” he later told Jimmy Kimmel.
10. Whoopi Goldberg 

The comedian and The View co-host has repeatedly trashed Trump on the ABC daytime talk show.
'Listen, he can be whatever party he wants to be,” she said during an episode in January. 'What he can't be is he can't be the guy that says it's your fault stuff isn't working. That's not the president I want. Find a way to make stuff work.”
'Maybe it's time for me to move, you know. I can afford to go,” she added.
11. Neve Campbell 

The Scream and House of Cards actress said she would move back to her native Canada if Trump wins the election.
'They see someone off the cuff and broad, and they think 'ok, that's the voice we need, just someone honest,'” Campbell told the Huffington Post of the motivation behind the Republican candidate's support. 'But his honesty is terrifying.”
12. Keegan-Michael Key 

The Key and Peele star also said he'd flee north to Canada in the event of a Trump presidency.
'It's like, 10 minutes from Detroit,” the comedian told TMZ in January. 'That's where I'm from; my mom lives there. It'd make her happy too.”
13. George Lopez 

'If he wins, he won't have to worry about immigration. We'll all go back,” the Latino comedian and TV star told TMZ shortly after Trump announced his candidacy in 2015.
14. Ne-Yo 

The R&B singer said he'd be moving to Canada 'straight away” if Trump wins.
'Me and Drake gonna be neighbors if Donald Trump becomes president,” the singer told TMZ in October.
15. Rev. Al Sharpton 

The civil rights activist told attendees at a Center for American Progress event in February that he would be looking for flight reservations if Clinton did not triumph on Election Day.
'I'm also reserving my ticket to get out of here if he wins. Only because he'd probably have me deported anyhow,” Sharpton said.
16. Raven Symoné 

The former View co-host and Disney Channel star is probably already on a flight out. During a February episode of the talk show, the actress said she would move to Canada 'if any Republican gets nominated.”
17. Amber Rose 

Where would she move? Unspecified.
'I can't even think about it! I'm moving, I'm out! I can't. And I am taking my son with me!” she told US Weekly.
18. Ruth Bader Ginsburg 

The Supreme Court Justice claimed she will move to New Zealand.
'I can't imagine what the country would be with Donald Trump as our president… Now it's time for us to move to New Zealand,” she told The New York Times.


ARTICLE

President Elect Trump is the new title for New York businessman, millionaire and Republican candidate Donald J. Trump, who yesterday on November 8th, 2016 successfully won the US presidential election. 
Via HumansAreFree 

Trump managed to defeat favorite Hillary Clinton by a relatively narrow margin. The victory came as a shock to many Americans, regardless of where they reside on the political spectrum.
For many in the alternative media, the victory of President Elect Trump comes with a great sense of relief that career criminal Hillary Clinton was not elected (or installed) as so many had expected. Clinton had already showed a propensity to collude, cheat and lie during the Democratic Primaries where she triumphed with dirty tactics over Bernie Sanders.
For many others, turned off by Trump's racism, sexism, xenophobia, Islamophobia and generally flippant comments, the Trump victory is devastating and will challenge them psychologically and emotionally to accept the reality for the results. Hillary Clinton: What Went Wrong?
The result is especially surprising given the degree to which Hillary Clinton had ingratiated herself with the upper echelons of the NWO (New World Order). From an outside perspective, it seemed Clinton had left no stone unturned in brown-nosing and sucking up to the most powerful people and organizations in the world, including the Rothschilds, Goldman Sachs, the Rockefeller CFR (Council on Foreign Relations) and many many more.
Additionally, given her propensity for criminality and her powerful backers such as George Soros, coupled with the serious problems electronic voting machines possess in being able to be hacked and the vote flipped, many are left wondering how Hillary lost . What went wrong? At this stage in the game of post-election analysis, we can point to a few things. Hillary's criminal past clearly caught up with her. It is unprecedented in the history of US presidential elections for a leading candidate to be under an on-again, off-again criminal investigation.
Clinton simply has so many scandals in her recent and distant past that it's like trying to stop a ship with 30 holes from sinking; you can't plug them all. She was also running up against the problem that the Democrats had been in power for 8 years, when recent history shows that power seems to change hands in around that time frame.
Clinton represented the establishment, and as the popularity of both Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump has shown, people are tired of the same. They intuitively know the system is rigged and corrupt, even if they can't exactly put their fingers on it. Obama, Mr. 'Hope and Change”, got in with a slick campaign of promising something different (upon which he didn't deliver).
Trump represented anti-establishment, and whether he truly embodies that or not is an entirely different matter, because it's all about perception. Does a Trump Victory Show that NWO Powerbrokers Are Less in Control than It Seems?
The win of President Elect Trump is truly shocking and monumental event. Many people (including myself) were predicting that it was a foregone conclusion that Clinton would win. For instance, founder of WikiLeaks Julian Assange stated before the election that 'Trump would not permitted to win”. The MSM (Mainstream Media) were clearly favoring Clinton at almost every turn.
Whatever you think of Trump, we can at least say the will of the majority of American voters was respected, which is a relief, given how much corruption exists in our society today. The question now is this: is a Trump victory the result the NWO powerbrokers wanted all along, for reasons we are yet to see? Or is it a genuine uprising against these forces?
What Does a Trump Presidency Mean for Liberty and Freedom?
For me, Trump can be summarized in one word: unpredictable . President Elect Trump truly embodies unpredictability more than any other high-level politician around. One moment he is railing against the 9/11 official story, then he is declaring his love for Israel, then he is bringing up the vaccine-autism connection, then he is suggesting Snowden be killed.
Next he is suggesting GMO corn makes you stupid, then he suggesting Muslims be banned from the US, then he is calling global warming a hoax, then he is suggesting the Government be given the power to shut down the internet.
Then, after all of that, he makes friendly overtures to Russia while demonizing the hell out of Iran. What does he stand for? Peace or war? Freedom or tyranny? At this stage no one knows, probably not even Trump himself.
He has contradicted himself numerous times throughout his campaign, and merely once suggesting a good idea (i.e. looking at who controls the issuance of money instead of letting the international bankers via the Federal Reserve control it) doesn't mean it will become his policy.
Unpredictability is one of Trump's great qualities, but also one of his most dangerous. A lot will depend on with whom he surrounds himself once becoming President Trump, and what kind of advice they give him.
His VP Mike Pence is a standard conservative Republican who will be no doubt far more to the liking of the NWO conspirators, but Trump is also taking advice from retired DIA (Defense Intelligence Agency) chief Michael Flynn, the man who came out and highlighted how the US created ISIS in a declassified DIA document. For now, America and the world have around two-and-a-half months to get over the incredible shock of yesterday's result and psychologically prepare itself for a Trump presidency.
Meanwhile, it would be foolish for us to expect that one man can fix all of America's problems. It will be the job of the independent and alternative media to hold Trump to his promises and his word, and to continue to share ideas of how we can truly create a better, freer and more just society. This necessarily involves questioning the very structures and systems of society, and will never magically improve with just the passing of the baton from one politician to another.


ARTICLE

In all states that have legalized medical marijuana, there has been a 25% reduction in deaths related to the overdose of legally prescribed painkillers. There is still heated controversy in the United States about whether or not marijuana should be legalized for recreational use, let alone medicinal purposes. 
Via HumansAreFree 

After reviewing a study published by the Journal of the American Medical Association in 2014, you'll likely agree that it's much safer for cannabis to be doled out than most prescription opioids. For the study, researchers analyzed all deaths caused by opioid overdoses between 1999 and 2010 in the U.S.

Then, they determined the association between medical cannabis laws and opioid analgesic-related deaths using linear time-series regression models. The various models helped the researchers determine that in every state that legalized medical marijuana between the aforementioned years (a total of 13 states), there was a 25% reduction in deaths related to the overdose of legally prescribed painkillers. 'The difference is quite striking,” said Colleen Barry, the study's co-author and health policy researcher at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore, to Newsweek.
It is hypothesized by the researchers that in states where medical marijuana is legal, patients are opting to smoke cannabis to alleviate their pain rather than consume prescription opiates, as the latter tend to cause side effects.
In addition, marijuana accounts for 0 deaths per year, whereas overdose of opiates are responsible for over 14,000 deaths annually (source). While the statistics speak volumes, not everyone is in agreement with the findings.
Dr. Andrew Kolodny, chief medical officer at the national non-profit addiction treatment agency Phoenix House, says that the immediate reduction in overdose deaths is extremely unlikely to be a result of the herb being substituted. This, he says, is because physicians rarely prescribe marijuana for chronic pain.
'You don't have primary care doctors in these states [prescribing] marijuana instead of Vicodin,” he argues.
The physician believes that the states that have legalized medical marijuana are more likely to actively treat and help prevent addiction. In his mind, this is a far more likely scenario for the decrease in overdose deaths. While more studies undoubtedly need to be carried out to pinpoint the cause of this phenomenon, this news is heartening at the very least.


ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton publicly conceded the U.S. presidential election to Donald Trump Wednesday after a surprise defeat overnight. Her concession speech was largely well received, even by her critics. 
Via Yournewswire 

She did not lash out or challenge the result. Excerpts of her concession speech Wednesday in New York. This is not the outcome we wanted or we worked so hard for, and I'm sorry that we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country.
I know how disappointed you feel because I feel it too, and so do tens of millions of Americans who invested their hopes and dreams in this effort. This is painful and it will be for a long time, but I want you to remember this: Our campaign was never about one person or even one election. It was about the country we love and about building an America that's hopeful, inclusive and big-hearted.
We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought. But I still believe in America, and I always will. And if you do, then we must accept this result and then look to the future. Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.
Our constitutional democracy enshrines the peaceful transfer of power, and we don't just respect that, we cherish it. It also enshrines other things: the rule of law, the principle that we are all equal in rights and dignity, freedom of worship and expression. We respect and cherish these values too, and we must defend them.
And let me add, our constitutional democracy demands our participation not just every four years, but all the time. So let's do all we can to keep advancing the causes and values we all hold dear: making our economy work for everyone, not just those at the top; protecting our country and protecting our planet; and breaking down all the barriers that hold any American back from achieving their dreams….
Now, I know we have still not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling, but some day someone will, and hopefully sooner than we might think right now.
And to all the little girls who are watching this: Never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world to pursue and achieve your own dreams.
By Hillary Clinton 
—
Hillary Clinton addresses staff and supporters at the New Yorker Hotel in Manhattan.


ARTICLE

Email 
Donald Trump's plans for his first 100 days in office are raising eyebrows around the world, but of all the items on his agenda it is the reopening of the 9/11 investigation that will provide the greatest earthquake for the establishment. Via Yournewswire 
Trump believes that 9/11 has not been properly investigated and he plans to get to the bottom of it. 'First of all, the original 9/11 investigation is a total mess and has to be reopened,” Trump said. SPONSORED LINKS 
The election of Donald Trump has rocked the establishment and things are only going to get rockier for them during his first term. There is a reason George W. Bush didn't vote for Trump in the election, leaving the presidential line blank and voting Republican down-ballot. Trump has pledged to investigate 9/11 in a way it has not been investigated before. 
For the first time 9/11 will be investigated by someone who isn't part of the establishment, with skin in the game and plenty to lose. 
'First of all, the original 9/11 investigation is a total mess and has to be reopened” Trump announced to supporters. 'How do two planes take out three buildings in the same day? I never got my head around the fact that nothing is mentioned about the destruction of Building 7 in the 585 page document,” he explained, talking about World Trade Center 7 which also collapsed – inexplicably – during the September 11 attacks. 
Donald Trump has also taken cracks at former president George W. Bush. There will be no covering up for former presidents on Trump's watch. 'The World Trade Center came down during the reign of George Bush,” he said in a February debate. 'He kept us safe? That is not safe. That is not safe.” 
'Why did the administration at the time not take legal means against Saudi Arabia? Weren't 19 of the high-jackers from Saudi Arabia? Americans deserve answers and I will definitely request a new investigation so that this horrible tragedy never happens again.” 
Donald Trump and the 9/11 Truth movement 
While Trump might be railing against the establishment in reopening the 9/11 investigation, he has received support on this issue from a number of public personalities who have demanded the case be revisited – and not behind closed doors. 
Former Senator Bob Graham has been demanding a new, transparent investigation 'For years I have been campaigning for the release of the 2002 Joint Congressional Intelligence Committee 9/11 Inquiry's report, to no avail” explains the former Governor of Florida. 'These missing pages point to the direct involvement of the government of Saudi Arabia. Why are these being kept secret? Who has to gain from these games of secrecy?” he asks. 
'I have read these documents myself and if the American public knew what was in these documents, there would be a revolution tomorrow in the streets of America” he acknowledged during a radio interview. 'Americans deserve to know the truth” he concluded, visibly angered by the whole affair. 
Since 2002, the release of a number of 9/11 Commission Report documents is hindered because they are congressional records, hence they are exempt from the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). 
The long withheld 28 pages were partially released to the public this year – heavily redacted – and the Saudi government claimed the release proved they were not responsible for supporting or financing the attacks. But it's not as simple as that. There are direct ties to the Saudi hierarchy in the 28 pages. There are a lot of questions that need answering, and they were never going to be addressed under a Clinton presidency with all her ties to Saudi Arabia. 
But with President Trump's executive powers, everything has changed. The establishment are on edge. More than half the country doesn't believe the official version of what happened that day. There is now a renewed belief that this biggest of lies and cover ups is about to be dismantled. The establishment did all it could to destroy Trump the outsider's election chances at election. Now they are on edge.

ARTICLE

It has been claimed that Nostradamus prophesied Donald Trump's surprise victory as President of the United States five centuries ago, putting to shame modern pollsters. 
Via YourNewsWire 

The famous French medical practitioner and seer has been credited for predicting major world events and his followers claim he foresaw Donald Trump's victory. However, the end is nigh…because as at the same time, Nostradamus also predicted that Trumps presidency would herald the the end of the world.
The ancient prophet refers to president-elect Donald Trump as 'the false trumpet” who will one day engage in military adventures to force 'Byzantium to change its laws,” which in turn would lead to the Apocalypse. 'The false trumpet concealing madness will cause Byzantium to change its laws,” Nostradamus predicted over four hundred years ago.
While many were surprised by the billionaire's victory in the 2016 US election, followers of Nostradamus would not have been, claiming the prophesier predicted this in the 16th century.
In Century III, Quatrain 81, Nostradamus wrote: 'The great shameless, audacious bawler. He will be elected governor of the army: The boldness of his contention. 'The bridge broken, the city faint from fear.”
Many believe that the 'shameless, audacious bawler” part refers to Mr Trump's loud communication, while 'governor of the army” refers to being in charge of the world's leading military force. In Century 1, 40, another prediction reads: 'The false trumpet concealing madness will cause Byzantium to change its laws.”
Byzantium was an Ancient Greek colony – some have connected this to the fact Greece is becoming a landing spot for immigrants and refugees, a topic that has been at the center of Mr Trump's candidacy.
Finally, in Quatrain 50, Nostradamus writes 'the Republic of the big city” will engage in costly military operations, ordered by the 'trumpet”, which has led to fears of nuclear war. One user wrote on Facebook: 'I pretty sure this is the start to Nostradamus' prediction of the Apocalypse.”
Another posted: 'Nostradamus predicted this outcome. Nostradamus predicted after the trumpet wins, there will be a Great War! He predicted this 400 yrs ago! 'His prediction have all come true! I'm afraid America is going fall, compare us to Roma, we have to much debt, and we import more than we export, we are in serious trouble.”


ARTICLE

Let's review just how small we are in comparison to the universe: for every grain of sand on every beach on Earth there are 10,000 stars, the Milky Way includes billions of Earth-like, potentially habitable planets. 
Via CollectiveEvolution 

The Milky Way itself is only one of billions of galaxies, and we may be living in an infinitely-increasing number of universes, otherwise known as the multiverse. Given all of this, it is reasonable to assume that other life forms exist outside of our planet. In addition, Earth is a part of a fairly young planetary system, so it's possible there are extraterrestrials out there that are far more advanced than us. This begs the question: where are all of the extraterrestrials?
This question was first addressed by Italian physicist Enrico Fermi in the 1950s when he asked, 'If life is so abundant, why have we never heard from anyone?” More recently, Physics and Astronomy Professor at the University of Manchester, Brian Cox, attempted to answer this question, which is now commonly referred to as the Fermi Paradox. Unfortunately for us, Cox's theory isn't very optimistic for the human race.
What is the Fermi Paradox? There are at least 500-quintillion (or 500 billion billion) sun-like stars out there, and keep in mind that that's a very conservative estimate. A study from the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science suggests that at least 1% of the total stars in the universe have Earth-like planets orbiting around them, meaning that 100 billion billion Earth-like planets may exist.
For those of you who are sceptical about extraterrestrials, let's make a conservative estimate that after 1 billion years of existence, only 1% of these Earth-like planets develop life. To help you visualize this, that would be the equivalent to every single grain of sand on Earth representing one planet with life on it. Even if only 1% of that number developed equal intelligence to humans, that would mean there are 10 million billion intelligent civilizations in the universe.
If you scale these numbers down using the same estimates to predict how many intelligent civilizations exist in the Milky Way, you'd get 1 billion Earth-like planets and 100,000 intelligent civilizations in our galaxy alone.
So, I ask you this: Do extraterrestrials exist and if so, why haven't they contacted you? Welcome to the Fermi Paradox!
Potential Explanation 1: Physicist Brian Cox's Theory Physicist and Astronomer Brian Cox was the latest to address the Fermi Paradox in a recent interview. Although his outlook is relatively pessimistic, it is still a very real possibility. Cox says, 'One solution to the Fermi Paradox is that it is not possible to run a world that has the power to destroy itself and that needs global collaborative solutions to prevent that.” He continues, 'It may be that the growth of science and engineering inevitably outstrips the development of political expertise, leading to disaster. We could be approaching that position.” (source)
In other words, extraterrestrials may have destroyed their entire civilization by means of political turmoil and/or technological advancement, and we could repeat this same pattern of self-destruction. Cox's theory reminds me of Stephen Hawking's recent warning to the public about artificial intelligence and how it could threaten the entire human race and lead to our demise (read the full article here). Could the greatest threat to humanity be humanity? 
Potential Explanation 2: The Great Filter Created by Associate Professor at George Mason University, Robin Hanson, the Great Filter (GF) theory suggests that an incredibly difficult step exists in the evolution of life, one that prevents civilizations from reaching interstellar travel. The question is: Where are we in relation to the GF?
Option 1 is that we've somehow managed to pass the GF, a task that very few or potentially no other civilization has accomplished. Option 2 is that life is very rare, so the GF is actually the fact that life began on Earth in the first place. Option 3, the worst possibility, is that the GF is in front of us and we are approaching some sort of event or circumstance that prevents us from reaching higher intelligence.
Potential Explanation 3: Extraterrestrials Have Visited Us Before There is substantial evidence that proves extraterrestrials exist and that UFOs have been visiting us for a long time. More than a dozen NASA astronauts have publicly stated that UFOs have been spotted including Dr. Edgar Mitchell and Princeton University Physics Professor Brian O'Leary (read some of their quotes here). Chairman of Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign, John Podesta, has been quoted many times discussing the lack of UFO disclosure.
'There is a serious possibility that we are being visited and have been visited for many years by people from outer space, by other civilizations. Who they are, where they are from, and what they want should be the subject of rigorous scientific investigation and not be the subject of 'rubbishing' by tabloid newspapers.” (source) – Lord Admiral Hill-Norton, Former Chief of Defense Staff, 5 Star Admiral of the Royal Navy, Chairman of the NATO Military Committee
Another example that may prove extraterrestrials (ETs) have been trying to contact us for years is the crop circle phenomena. For example, in 1974, a broadcast (known as the 'Arecibo” message) created by Carl Sagan and his colleagues was sent into space via radio waves at a special ceremony celebrating the re-modelling of the Arecibo radio telescope in Puerto Rico. 27 years later, in 2001, we received a response to the 1974 broadcast when an intricate crop circle appeared next to Britain's largest telescope and observatory, the Chilbolton, home to the world's largest fully steerable meteorological radar. Although many people are skeptical, the Thrive documentary produced by Foster Gamble, the heir to Proctor & Gamble, provides a compelling argument in support of ETs creating many of these crop circles.
Potential Explanation 4: Extraterrestrials Are Constantly Visiting Us To understand this theory, let's first examine the Kardashev scale, which attempts to define civilizations of different intelligence levels. Type 0 civilizations extract its energy from crude, organic-based resources (Carl Sagan estimated we are Type 0.7). Type 1 can utilize all available resources on their home planet, Type 2 has the capacity to harness all of the energy from its star, and Type 3 could use all of the energy from its galaxy.
We currently live in a third dimensional world. We have not yet accessed, as a collective, a higher dimension. If you're unfamiliar with the concept of higher dimensions, Carl Sagan provides an excellent explanation here. If a type 3 civilization was in fact visiting us, we may not even notice. If a civilization of higher intelligence is operating in the fourth dimension, we, as three dimensional beings, wouldn't be able to see them let alone communicate with them.
American Theoretical Physicist, Michio Kaku, explains:
'Let's say we have an anthill in the middle of the forest. And right next to the anthill, they're building a ten-lane super-highway. And the question is 'Would the ants be able to understand what a ten-lane super-highway is? Would the ants be able to understand the technology and the intentions of the beings building the highway next to them?”
So, Which Explanation Is Correct? I believe there is truth within each of these solutions. Ultimately, our egos are our greatest enemies and we could end up destroying ourselves; however, I believe we are experiencing a shift in consciousness, and as a result, the possibility of this happening is decreasing. I believe life in and of itself is a miracle, so we've probably passed the Great Filter, but I think other civilizations have as well due to the significant evidence in support of UFOs and the existence of ETs. It's no secret that the U.S. government has tried to hide this from the public, but perhaps that's a good thing. Maybe we aren't ready to contact ETs regularly until we reach a higher state of consciousness, access higher dimensions and become a more intelligent civilization. No matter what you believe, the Fermi Paradox is clearly a subject that merits further research and discussion!
I'll leave you with this video to let you think of the other possibility, that we have seen


ARTICLE

Donald Trump won't officially become president until January 2017, but within hours of his victory the world has already begun to change. 
Via Independent 

1) A top Israeli government minister declared the idea of Palestinian state 'over”. 
Israel's Education Minister Naftali Bennett, a key figure on the right wing of the Israeli governing coalition, said that Trump's victory 'is an opportunity for Israel to immediately retract the notion of a Palestinian state”. Citing Mr.Trump's election manifesto, the minister added: 'The era of a Palestinian state is over.”
2) American Muslim women who wear the hijab agonized over whether its still safe to wear one. 'Seeing my mom cry because she's even more scared of the racism she'll face because of her hijab absolutely broke me…” 'My mom literally just texted me 'don't wear the Hijab please” and she's the most religious person in our family….” 'My 8 year old sister just told me she's scared to be Muslim. That broke my heart. I'm crying. Don't tell me his words don't matter.”
3) Demonstrators set fires and overturned cars in major cities across America. 
Protests across America after Trump victory
Thousands of people took to the streets across the US's western seabord to protest against Mr Trump's victory over Hillary Clinton. Cities in California, Oregon and Washington all witnessed angry demonstrations, with objects being set alight, windows smashed, and effigies burned. Protests are also planned outside US embassies across the world.
4) Global financial markets went haywire. 
Investors piled into safe assets like gold while currency markets and stock markets reacted with volatility to Mr Trump's win.
The Mexican peso plumetted, with stock markets including the Japanese Nikkei and FTSE all down. Stock market futures plunged in US markets, a sign that investors believe long-term volatility is ahead.
5) Sarah Palin said Britain and America are 'hooking up” in light of Brexit and Trump. Sarah Palin, the former Alaskan govenor tipped for a position in Mr Trump's cabinet, told reporters that Britan and America were 'hooking up” following the election. 'Well, see, Great Britain and America, see how we're hooking up now?” she said at a Trump rally as the results rolled in. 'We're going rogue and saying, you know, the people are going to take back control of our governance.”
6) Former KKK leader David Duke declared tonight 'one of the most exciting nights of my life”. 
David Duke, who formerly led the KKK as its 'Grand Wizard”, celebrated Mr Trumps election: 'This is one of the most exciting nights of my life,” Mr Duke wrote. 'Make no mistake about it, our people have played a huge role in electing Trump!”
7) Shares in renewable energy companies tanked… 
Shares of renewable energy companies that operate in the US tanked on the news that Mr.Trump would be the next president.
The Republican president has previously claimed climate changed is a hoax perpetuated by the Chinese to cripple American industry. Vestas, a major maker of US wind turbines that gets about 40 per cent of its business from America, saw a maximum fall of 14 per cent.
8) …while shares in arms companies surged to a record high 
9) Russia's political establishment celebrated. Russian parliament bursts into applause upon announcement of US election result.
Jubilant parliamentarians burst into applause in Russia's legislature at the next of Mr.Trump being elected. Clapping drowned out the announcement. Vladimir Putin, the country's president, sent Mr.Trump a welcome telegraph, while his allies expressed satisfaction as the Republican candidate beating Hillary Clinton.
10) Canada's immigration website crashed under the demand of American visitors. 
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (Rex Features)
The official website for 'Citizenship and Immigration Canada' stopped working overnight, apparently because of the sheer number of Americans looking to emigrate north. Service was later restored, with the Canadian citizenship and immigration service tweeting dryly that in Canada 'immigrants are encouraged to bring their cultural traditions with them and share them with their fellow citizens”.
11) Jihadi leaders welcomed the new US president. 
'Trump's victory is a hard slap to those promoting the efficiency of democratic systems,” Hamza al-Karibi, a spokesperson for the al-Qaeda affiliated Syrian jihadist group Jabhat Fatah al-Sham wrote to his Twitter followers. 'Starting today, we won't need media releases clarifying the West's machinations. All we need to do is retweet what Trump says,” he added.
Meanwhile, prominent Egyptian-born jihadi cleric Dr.Tariq Abdel Haleem said: 'Trumps [sic] winning might be bad for us in the short run. However, it is better for Muslims in the long run as he'll ruin the US.”
12) Mexico's foreign minister made it clear they wouldn't be paying for that wall. 
A mock-up of what such a wall might have to look like in scale (Agustin Avalos/Estudio 314)
Mr Trump's signature policy of building a huge wall across America's southern border with Mexico to stop immigrants seemed less likely than ever. 'Paying for a wall is not part of our vision,” Claudia Ruiz Massieu, Mexico's foreign minister, told a local television station on Wednesday in the aftermath of Mr Trump's triumph.
Source: Independent 


ARTICLE

After more than 100 years, an international team of physicists has confirmed that Einstein's gravitational waves do in fact exist and that he was right all along. This is one of the biggest astrophysical discoveries of the in history. 
Via UsualRoutine 

About one month ago American theoretical physicist, Lawrence Krauss tweeted that the discovery was being peer-reviewed and that we would soon confirm tha light-speed ripples in the Universe actually exist. The gravitational wave signal were first detected by physicists at LIGO on September 14 last year, experts expect that the discovery will win the Nobel Prize.
The discovery confirms Albert Einstein's 1915 general theory of relativity and opens an unprecedented new window onto the cosmos. This is the first time, scientists have observed ripples in the spacetime theory called gravitational waves, arriving at the earth from a cataclysmic event in the distant universe. And the event that triggered it was likely to have been caused by the final fraction of a second of the merger of two black holes to produce a single, more massive spinning black hole. Physicists say that the two black holes merging had been predicted but never observed.
Credentials provided by Australian Science Media Centre: The LIGO Observatories are funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF), and were conceived, built, and are operated by Caltech and MIT.
The discovery, accepted for publication in the journal Physical Review Letters, was made by the LIGO Scientific Collaboration (which includes the Australian Consortium for Interferometric Gravitational Astronomy (ACIGA) and the GEO600 Collaboration) and the Virgo Collaboration using data from the two LIGO detectors.
Australian scientists from The Australian National University (ANU), the University of Adelaide, The University of Melbourne, the University of Western Australia (UWA), Monash University and Charles Sturt University, contributed to the discovery and helped build some of the super-sensitive instruments used to detect the gravitational waves. source 


ARTICLE

Remember the blind Bulgarian mystic who predicted 9/11 and the rise of ISIS? Well, she's got some bad news for, dare I say it, Commander in Chief Donald Trump. 
Via UsualRoutine 

Baba Vanga, who's known to her followers as the 'Nostradamus of the Balkans', has claimed Obama is the last President of the United States of America. Vanga allegedly called the election of Barack Obama as well, predicting the 44th president of the United States would be an African American – also making the chilling claim that he would be the 'last U.S. president'.
Usually, I'd be happy to dismiss the reaction to Vanga's prophetic prediction as the public clinging onto a ray of hope in today's new political climate, but actually, the blind mystic has a pretty great track record with her visions. The prophetess, who died aged 85 in 1996, is alleged to have made hundreds of predictions about the future with an 85 per cent accuracy rate, from her home in Petrich, Bulgaria.

These prediction include climate change and the melting of the polar ice caps, which she allegedly foresaw back in the 1950s, saying: 'cold regions will become warm … and volcanoes will awaken”.
Vanga's followers also say she predicted the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami, warning a 'huge wave' would descend on a 'big coast, covering people and towns and [causing] everything to disappear under the water”. Back in 1989 she warned that the 'American brethren' will be attacked by 'two steel birds', a possible reference to the Twin Tower attacks in 2001.

She also warned that a group of Muslim extremists would invade Europe by 2016, foreseeing a 'great Muslim war' that would be kick-started by the Arab Spring in 2010 and play out in Syria, eventually resulting in the establishment of a caliphate by 2043 with Rome at the center. According to The Mirror she claimed this '2016 invasion by Muslim extremists' across Europe would mean the continent would 'cease to exist' by the end of the year. She specifically said: '[Extremists] would use chemical warfare against Europeans.”
Vanga's political predictions take on a new poignancy posthumously; could her assertions about the elusive 45th President equate to predicting an assassination attempt, or simply that Donald Trump is, as previously expected, a cyborg?
Baba Vanga for President? Anyone?


ARTICLE

Today, an ever increasing number of earthquakes in the United States may soon bring the country to ruin, as geologists, journalists and politicians say. 
Via UsualRoutine 

The University of Washington has already presented seismological charts showing a gigantic geological rift that stretches across the central states of the US from north to south, and marks the region of a possible split of the North America continent in two. As it has been reported by geologists, for the first time this anomaly was discovered in 1960's, when scientists found a strange underground rupture along the Lake Superior that would run south. The discovery surprised American scientists back then since there were no mountains in that area. Following studies showed that this anomaly was stretching across the whole continent, resembling in its form and shape the giant cracks in the east of Africa.
It's been reported that the tectonic plate beneath the southeastern regions of the United States is being fragmented by the layers of earth above it, which may be the cause of future earthquakes in the Washington area and other cities on the east coast, where basically no preconditions for the emergence of aftershocks, according to Live Science.
According to Berk Biryol from the University of North Carolina, in recent years the Washington area and the areas around other large cities in the east of the country faced a pretty intense seismic activity, which at first puzzled seismologists since the east of the country is residing on a stable continental crust that must prevent any earthquake from occurring.
In recent years, the relationship between fracturing and the mounting number of earthquakes has been brought to light by the US Geological Survey (USGS), that would note that the number of earthquakes in the US has increased drastically over the last six years. In fact, it expects an abrupt increase in the number of seismic events in some regions of the country where fracturing is being used including Oklahoma, California, Texas, Kansas, Colorado, Ohio, Alabama and New Mexico.
But the split in the United States is not being predicted by the USGS alone, since the recent seismic political events aggravated the growing discord within the US society in the wake of the US presidential campaign.
Western journalists are sounding the alarm – America's youth is now fascinated with the concepts of socialism and communism. According to the poll conducted by the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation (VOC), a half of all Americans under 35 years would love to be represented by a socialist president. Politicians who profess capitalist views doonly receive the support of 42% of the younger American generation. This explains the spectacular rise of DNC's Bernie Sanders which would most certainly become the next president, if Hillary didn't use her wealth and connections to replace him as the sole Democratic candidate.
The German newspaper Tagesspiegel points out that this election campaign 'undermines the belief that most Americans share the idea about living in a democratic and constitutional state.” The newspaper notes that there's been a lot of speculations about the possible armed resistance to the 'US corrupt government system” lately, no matter how unlikely the future post-election violence may look now.
The latest poll conducted by USA Today and Suffolk University shows that only 40% of potential voters strongly believe in the peaceful transfer of power after the US presidential elections. With six in ten viewing the candidates unfavorably, Clinton andTrump are the two most unpopular presidential candidates in ABC/Post polls dating to the 1984 election. This ABC News/Washington Post poll was conducted by landline and cellular telephone in English and Spanish, among a random national sample of 1,165 likely voters.
The level of antipathy towards the two main presidential candidates in terms of party affiliation has also been at staggering level, with 97% of Trump supporters despising Hillary Clinton and 95% of Hillary's loathing the Republican presidential candidate.
It's no wonder that there's been a rapidly increasing number of petitions on the separation of various states, which refer to the Declaration of Independence, where the Founding Fathers explicitly stated that 'any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it” To date, the petitions on the separation from the US have been filled by a total of 40 states. Texas that is viewed as the last bastion of conservatism has already gathered more than 100 thousand signatures under its petition for obtaining the status of an independent state. Behind it are Louisiana, Florida, North Carolina, Alabama, Georgia and Tennessee.
Therefore, aside from the major geological rift that may soon hit the US, there's a deep social and political rift to be observed, which may, in case of loss of all confidence in the existing political system result in a major outbreak of violence.
Earth has already witnessed the existence of two supercontinent – Rodinia and Pangaea. First, the former continent formed about 800 million years ago, until the latter one appeared some 600 million years later. Scientists expect that in the future a new supercontinent will be formed that has it own name already – Amasia. This continent will be formed out of the modern North America and Asia, notes the Nature.
Who knows, maybe before Amasia even emerges we will witness a new state or even two that would replace the US?


ARTICLE

Paid instigators are making an already bad situation much much worse. As riots and protests rage through the streets of America, the question has to be asked. 
Via ActivistPost 

Does someone behind the scenes want to see civil war in the United States? The answer is almost certainly yes.
And it isn't likely to settle down anytime in the next few days. (If you aren't prepped for this, go here to learn how to stay safe.) Just a little background: this has been going on since the midst of the campaign when actors were hired on Craigslist and trained to disrupt rallies. For example, one Craigslist ad was answered by Paul Horner, who admitted he was paid $3,500 to cause a scene at a Trump event in Fountain Hills, Arizona.
'As for who these people were affiliated with that interviewed me, my guess would be Hillary Clinton's campaign,” Horner said. 'The actual check I received after I was done with the job was from a group called 'Women Are The Future'. After I was hired, they told me if anyone asked any questions about who I was with or communicated with me in any way, I should start talking about how great Bernie Sanders is.” Horner continued, 'It was mostly women in their 60's at the interview that I went to…” (source)

The same report goes on to say:
When asked about the other protesters at the rally, Horner said he saw most of them during the interview and training for the rally.
'Almost all of the people I was protesting with I had seen at my interview and training class. At the rally, talking with some of them, I learned they only paid Latinos $500, Muslims $600 and African Americans $750. I don't think they were looking for any Asians. Women and children were paid half of what the men got and illegals received $300 across the board. I think I was paid more than the other protesters because I was white and had taken classes in street fighting and boxing a few years back”
You can also read this article, in which a quote caught on video from Project Veritas shows how the Clinton campaign caused disruptions via 'bird-dogging.”
There's a lot of evidence that someone is funding these protests. An eyewitness in Austin, Texas spotted protesters being transported by chartered coach buses.
Anti-Trump protestors in Austin today are not as organic as they seem. Here are the busses they came in. #fakeprotests #trump2016 #austin pic.twitter.com/VxhP7t6OUI
— erictucker (@erictucker) November 10, 2016
Then there was this Craigslist ad.

There are many more tweets along these lines, but suffice it to say, suspicion is high that these, just like the Clinton campaign, are rigged to manipulate the American people.
Why would anyone want to cause all this trouble? That's where the web gets tangled. It certainly seems counterproductive to set fire to America. After all, what these people are doing is likely to end up with more tyranny – like martial law, for example.
Exactly. That's precisely the plan.
Back in August, hackers from a group called DC Leaks got into the private documents of the Open Society, an organization founded by George Soros. Soros, whom DC Leaks referred to as 'the architect and sponsor of almost every revolution and coup around the world for the last 25 years” is a pro-globalist billionaire who has been trying to take over the world via shadow government for decades.
Zero Hedge reported on the findings in the Soros leak:
The documents are from multiple departments of Soros' organizations. Soros' the Open Society Foundations seems to be the group with the most documents in the leak. Files come from sections representing almost all geographical regions in the world, from the USA, to Europe, Eurasia, Asia, Latin, America, Africa, the World Bank 'the President's Office”, as well as an unknown entity named SOUK. As the Daily Caller notes, there are documents dating from at least 2008 to 2016.
Documents in the leak range from research papers such as 'EUROPEAN CRISIS: Key Developments of the Past 48 Hours” focusing on the impact of the refugee crisis, to a document titled 'The Ukraine debate in Germany', to an update specific financials of grants.
They reveal work plans, strategies, priorities and other activities by Soros, and include reports on European elections, migration and asylum in Europe.
An email leaked by WikiLeaks earlier this week showed Soros had advised Hillary Clinton during her tenure as Secretary of State on how to handle unrest in Albania – advice she acted on. As well, it's important to note that Soros provided a whopping $33 million to activists in Ferguson, Missouri, escalating a protest to a siege. The Washington Times reported:
…liberal billionaire George Soros, who has built a business empire that dominates across the ocean in Europe while forging a political machine powered by nonprofit foundations that impacts American politics and policy, not unlike what he did with MoveOn.org. Mr. Soros spurred the Ferguson protest movement through years of funding and mobilizing groups across the U.S., according to interviews with key players and financial records reviewed by The Washington Times.
In all, Mr. Soros gave at least $33 million in one year to support already-established groups that emboldened the grass-roots, on-the-ground activists in Ferguson, according to the most recent tax filings of his nonprofit Open Society Foundations… This is business as usual for the OSF (Open Society Foundation), as explained by director Kenneth Zimmerman:
Mr. Zimmerman said OSF has been giving to these types of groups since its inception in the early '90s, and that, although groups involved in the protests have been recipients of Mr. Soros' grants, they were in no way directed to protest at the behest of Open Society.
'The incidents, whether in Staten Island, Cleveland or Ferguson, were spontaneous protests — we don't have the ability to control or dictate what others say or choose to say,” Mr. Zimmerman said. 'But these circumstances focused people's attention — and it became increasingly evident to the social justice groups involved that what a particular incident like Ferguson represents is a lack of accountability and a lack of democratic participation.”
Soros-sponsored organizations helped mobilize protests in Ferguson, building grass-roots coalitions on the ground backed by a nationwide online and social media campaign. Other Soros-funded groups made it their job to remotely monitor and exploit anything related to the incident that they could portray as a conservative misstep, and to develop academic research and editorials to disseminate to the news media to keep the story alive.
The plethora of organizations involved not only shared Mr. Soros' funding, but they also fed off each other, using content and buzzwords developed by one organization on another's website, referencing each other's news columns and by creating a social media echo chamber of Facebook 'likes” and Twitter hashtags that dominated the mainstream media and personal online newsfeeds.
Soros was busted for paying protesters to go into Ferguson and stir things up. This is not theory. It's FACT. The Daily Mail reported that Soros spent $33 million to bankroll the protests. The Washington Times reported that it was totally cool, though, because humanitarian that he is, Soros just wanted to help the civil rights movement. What a guy. Of course, this seems to be a thing with the kabillionaires. The Ford Foundation and Rockefeller foundation also fund 'social activism.” Which is kabillionaire code for 'mess stuff up and wreak havoc.”
And guess who footed the bill for the rent-a-thug protesters at Trump rallies in California and New York? (Here's another source, too.) You guessed it. Everyone's favorite Hungarian-American troll. Keep in mind that the organization Black Lives Matter was born through the Ferguson riots.
Does this look familiar? If the Modus Operandi in these protests looks familiar, that's because MoveOn.org is organizing a lot of them, and MoveOn is funded by…you guessed it: George Soros. The organization was originally founded to combat the impeachment of Bill Clinton…are you seeing a link here? Another proud instigator is the Answer Coalition which also – are you sitting down? Has links to Soros.
There are a lot of people who are out there because they genuinely oppose a Trump presidency. The unfortunate thing is, their opposition comes from propaganda that they passionately believe. They are acting based on misinformation and they're being professionally manipulated. The next step here is martial law, which nobody wants.
Well, nobody except George Soros and friends. Someone who wants to see America ripped apart is causing this division. Last summer, it was leaked that Soros attempted to destabilize Russia and depose Putin in 2012. Putin responded by banning Soros and all of his organizations from Russia. In 2014, Putin issued an international arrest warrant for Soros. We could certainly improve both international relationships and our current situation by extraditing Soros immediately.


ARTICLE

While the United States sits on the edge of its collective seat as Donald Trump gains an electoral vote majority in his bid for the White House, its neighbor to the north seems to be getting a little cheeky. 
Via Unilad 

Reminding America of the Great White North's cultural acceptance and freedom, the country's official Twitter account wrote on Tuesday evening: 'In Canada, immigrants are encouraged to bring their cultural traditions with them and share them with fellow citizens.”
In Canada, immigrants are encouraged to bring their cultural traditions with them and share them with their fellow citizens. pic.twitter.com/MOuStZbSX7 
— Canada (@Canada) November 9, 2016 

As a Canadian, I can attest to this. It's a stark contrast to much of what Trump has proposed in the last 16 months: A border wall between the U.S. and Mexico, a ban on Muslims entering the country, and racial profiling.
But it looks like most Americans are taking it as an invitation: 
@JasonABowman Maybe they meant that as an invitation to join them, just in case?
— Jaimie Michelle (@JaimieMichelle) November 9, 2016 
@Canada do you mean Americans too?
— Stephen Whyno (@SWhyno) November 9, 2016 
" @Canada : In Canada, immigrants are encouraged to bring their cultural traditions with them and share them with their fellow citizens." pic.twitter.com/162lvBnKaN 
— bonafiedhoe (@pettyyonceh) November 9, 2016 
" @Canada : In Canada, immigrants are encouraged to bring their cultural traditions with them and share them with their fellow citizens." pic.twitter.com/162lvBnKaN 
— bonafiedhoe (@pettyyonceh) November 9, 2016 

The tweet comes just after Canada'a immigration site crashed in light of the now-looking-very-likely possibility of a Trump win.
This is what it used to look like: 

And this is what it looked like Tuesday night, as the US election results rolled in, with Donald Trump in the lead: 

Searches of 'how to move to Canada' surged starting at 6 p.m., according to Google Trends. And Quartz published a list of jobs in Canada that would be easy for Americans to apply for if they wished to relocate, Oregon Live reports.
Looks like Canada's population is going to double soon…


ARTICLE

Several people were victorious after Tuesday's election – Donald Trump, the Republicans of America, and apparently Vladimir Putin. It appears that the president of Russia is ecstatic to work alongside business mogul turned statesman Mr. Trump. 
Via ViralThread 

It's well known that American-Russian relations are pretty grim right now. Within the past few months, Russia has practiced nuclear evacuation drills and launched airstrikes on the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo. It seems as if we're entering a second Cold War, however president-elect Trump is hoping to change all of that.

President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton also hoped to repair the relationship between the two old foes. Sadly however the conflicting ideologies between the Putin and Obama Administrations got in the way. Putin has previously pleaded Obama to come together with Russia. On Independence Day, he claimed: 'The history of Russian-American relations shows that when we act as equal partners and respect each other's lawful interests we are able to successfully resolve the most complex international issues for the benefit of both countries' peoples and all of humanity.” Try as he might though, Obama hasn't budged.

Just a few month ago, Obama claimed: 'I'm not confident that we can trust the Russians or Vladimir Putin, which is why we have to have to test whether or not we can get an actual cessation of hostilities that includes an end to the kinds of aerial bombing and civilian death and destruction that we have seen carried out by the Assad regime.”
Difficulty surrounding stances on Ukraine and Syria are the main culprits for this distrust. So when Putin learned that he may have another shot at a healthy relationship with America (and Trump), he decided to celebrate.
Putin celebrated Donald Trump's win in the election with the hope of a stable relationship with America. Trump spoke about repairing the relationship with Russia in his campaign, something Putin took note of. In the clip below, it's clear that Trump will deal with Putin in a completely different way than Obama.
At a foreign ambassadors meeting in Moscow, Putin expressed his satisfaction with the election, where he congratulated both the American people and president-elect Trump. Putin also told the ambassadors that he was hopeful for future prospects between the two superpowers, America and Russia, especially when it comes to efforts in Syria.

Following his speech, Putin clinked glasses of champagne with the ambassadors in celebration. With the tensions between America and Russia growing at an alarming rate, the world has a watchful eye on what actions Mr. Trump will take when he finally enters the Oval Office.

 


ARTICLE

President-elect Donald Trump believes vaccines are responsible for the autism epidemic and he has promised to find out the truth and 'save our children and their future” when he takes office in January. 
Via YourNewsWire 
Trump dismissed the official claim that there is no link between vaccines and autism, claiming there has been a cover up to suppress the truth and that 'nay-sayers will understand soon.”
Scroll Down For Video Below '[W]e've had so many instances, people that work for me. Just the other day, two years old, two and a half years old, a child, a beautiful child went to have the vaccine, and came back, and a week later got a tremendous fever, got very, very sick, now is autistic.”
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes – AUTISM. Many such cases!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2014 

During a GOP a primary debate with Trump, Dr. Ben Carson claimed there is no 'documented proof” that vaccines are responsible for autism, however Dr. Carson, a neuroscientist, conceded that 'it is true that we are probably giving way too many in too short a period of time.”
" @P01YN0NYM0U55 : @jamandatrtl #vaccines #Shills insist #Autism starts in utero or genetic, but parents insist sudden onset after #vaccine "
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 6, 2014 

Trump's response echoes one he gave on Fox News in April 2012, in which he also related the story of a child of one of his employees who was damaged after receiving vaccines.
'I've gotten to be pretty familiar with the subject,” Trump told Fox News' Fox & Friends. 'You know, I have a theory — and it's a theory that some people believe in — and that's the vaccinations. We never had anything like this.
'This is now an epidemic. It's way, way up over the past 10 years. It's way up over the past two years. And, you know, when you take a little baby that weighs like 12 pounds into a doctor's office and they pump them with many, many simultaneous vaccinations — I'm all for vaccinations, but I think when you add all of these vaccinations together and then two months later the baby is so different then lots of different things have happened. I really — I've known cases.”
The vaccine autism link recently came under federal scrutiny when Florida US Congressman Bill Posey noted before a House committee the testimony of Center for Disease Control whistle-blower Bill Thompson, who claimed the agency colluded with researchers to destroy documents linking the injection to thousands of autism cases.
I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children & their future.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2014 

On July 29, US Congressman Bill Posey made his last stand on the floor of the House. Granted five minutes to speak, he exposed lies by the CDC in the infamous 2004 study that exonerated the MMR vaccine and claimed it had no connection to autism.
'No connection to autism” was the lie. Congressman Posey read a statement by long-term CDC researcher William Thompson, one of the authors of the 2004 Pediatrics study designed to determine once and for all if the MMR vaccine has contributed to the autism epidemic.
'…the [CDC] co-authors scheduled a meeting to destroy documents related to the [MMR vaccine] study. The remaining four co-authors all met and brought a big garbage can into the meeting room and reviewed and went through all the hard copy documents that we had thought we should discard and put them in a huge garbage can.”
With Trump in the White House with full executive powers the vaccine autism link is about to come under it's most severe scrutiny yet.
 


ARTICLE

Vladimir Putin has begun banning members of the corrupt Clinton cabal from Russia, just days after Vladimir Putin told President-elect Donald Trump he hopes the two nations can rebuild their relationship. 
Via YourNewsWire 

Michael McFaul, a close Clinton ally and former US ambassador to Moscow under President Barack Obama, is the first of many to be banned from entering Russia, according to Russian Foreign Ministry sources.
Mr McFaul, US ambassador in Moscow from 2012-2014, said he had learnt of the ban when applying for a visa to Russia last week. Asked what the purpose of his visit was, McFaul said it was to help presidential candidate Hillary Clinton prepare for what he assumed would be her transition to the White House.
Now McFaul, currently a Stanford University professor, is banned from Russia and Kremlin sources say he is the first of many Clinton allies to be banned.
Mr McFaul said: 'I have hundreds of friends in Russia. I'm really sorry that these sanctions will make communicating with people harder. 'I was told that I am on the Kremlin's sanctions list because of my close affiliation with Obama.”
The Russian Foreign Ministry did not publicly confirm the ban, but ministry sources told Russian news agencies McFaul had been added to the sanctions list.
He was not banned because of his support for President Obama, a Foreign Ministry source told the TASS and RIA news agencies, but because of his 'active participation in the destruction of the bilateral relationship and relentless lobbying in favour of the Clinton campaign to destabilize Russia.”
President Putin was one of the first world leaders to congratulate Donald Trump following his election victory, telling the tycoon that he had followed the election closely.
Russia is hoping for a 'new understanding” and 'restored Russian-American relations” according to Kremlin sources, with President Putin said to be 'encouraged” by the American people voting to back themselves and reject the prospect of a New World Order totalitarian world government.
According to sources, Putin believes that the result of the U.S. election proves the globalists' destructive agenda is deeply unpopular with real people, and when given a chance they will instinctively reject it out of hand.'The American people stood up against the media, the banks, the establishment, everything was against them, but they said enough. They want change.”


ARTICLE

President-elect Donald Trump has said he plans to deport two to three million undocumented immigrants with criminal records from the country immediately – and has insisted that he will build his wall. 
Via AlternativeNews 

In his first extensive interview since he won the White House, Trump is reassuring his supporters that he will deport or incarcerate up to three million 'gang members' and 'drug dealers.'
In an interview with CBS's 60 Minutes that airs on Sunday evening – his first since winning the election – Trump insisted that he will build the wall along the US-Mexico border that was a vital part of his presidential campaign.
'What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably two million – it could be even three million – we are getting them out of the country or we are going to incarcerate,” Mr Trump told 60 Minutes. 'Be we're getting them out of the country, they're here illegally.”
He explained that once the border is 'secure”, then the Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement will assess the status of the remaining undocumented immigrants in the country.
'After the border is secure and after everything gets normalized, we're going to make a determination on the people that they're talking about who are terrific people, they're terrific people but we are gonna make a determination at that,” he said. 'But before we make that determination… it's very important, we are going to secure our border.” When asked if he actually intends to build the wall along the southern border, Mr Trump simply replied, 'Yes.” However, Mr Trump explained that the wall along the 1,900 mile border would probably not be as grandiose as he promised – describing an iteration of the boundary between the two countries that essentially already exists. 'There could be some fencing,” he said. 'For certain areas I would [accept a fence], but certain areas, a wall is more appropriate. I'm very good at this, it's called construction.”
The President-elect's comments about mass deportations stand at odds with a statement made by Paul Ryan, the highest ranking Republican, on Sunday morning. 'We are not planning on erecting a deportation force. Donald Trump's not planning on that,” Mr Ryan told CNN. 'I think we should put people's minds at ease: That is not what our focus is. That is not what we're focused on. We're focused on securing the border,” he added. 'We think that's first and foremost, before we get into any other immigration issue, we've got to know who's coming and going into the country – we've got to secure the border.”
Mr Ryan's remarks seemed to indicate yet another U-turn in policy proposals for the President-elect. On Friday, he told the Wall Street Journal that he would more than likely keep some parts of the Affordable Care Act, more commonly known as 'Obamacare”, rather than completely repealing it.
'Either Obamacare will be amended, or repealed and replaced,” Mr Trump told the newspaper following his 90-minute meeting with President Barack Obama. 'I told him I will look at his suggestions and, out of respect, I will do that.” While Mr Obama said he felt 'encouraged” by the Thursday meeting, a signifcant number of Americans believe Mr Trump's election will mark a dark, new phase for the United States, as he intends to dismantle much of the sitting President's legacy.
Millions of protesters took to the streets after election night to protest over Mr Trump's defeat of Hillary Clinton. While the New York businessman did win enough electoral votes to make it to the White House, Ms Clinton took the popular vote – more than any US president in history, with the exception of Mr Obama.
Protests filled roads in major cities, like Los Angeles, New York, and Chicago, and echoed with chants of 'not my president” and 'dump Trump”. Dissenters are using the protests to rebuke the racism and bigotry promoted by the Trump campaign, as manifested through policy proposals like building a wall along the border, mass deportations, and the blockade of Muslim immigrants.
Mr Trump's victory has galvanised white supremacists across the country, as a wave of reported hate crimesreaches new highs. Neo-Nazi and Daily Stormer founder Andrew Anglin exalted Mr Trump as a 'God Emperor” following Tuesday night's election results.
'Our Glorious Leader has ascended to God Emperor. Make no mistake about it: we did this. If it were not for us, it wouldn't have been possible,” he wrote. '[T]he White race is back in the game. And if we're playing, no one can beat us. The winning is not going to stop.” The Ku Klux Klan also announced a victory parade for the beginning of December in North Carolina.
Civil rights organisations are preparing themselves for the incoming Trump administration. The American Civil Liberties Union published a full-page ad in the New York Times with an open letter threatening to sue Mr Trump. 'if you do not reverse course and endeavor to make these campaign promises a reality,” the ACLU wrote, 'you will have to contend with the full firepower of the ACLU at your every step.”
Source : (Independent UK) 


